 
 
OBL:HO:SEC:00:                                                                
        
    New Delhi  :  31.01.2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunga Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Stock Code - 530365  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.          
Exchange Plaza,  
 Plot No. C/1, G Block,                      
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 Bandra (E)   
 Mumbai-400 051 
 
 Stock Code:  ORIENTBELL 
 
Sub: Transcript of Post Earnings Call for Q3 9M FY24 held on 23rd January, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript 
of Earnings Call held on 23rd January, 2024 post announcement of unaudited financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023.   
 
The transcript of the Post Earnings Call for Q3 9M FY24 is also available on company’s 
website at www.orientbell.com under below path: 
 
Investor Relations Section> Disclosures under Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations> 
Transcripts of Post Earnings/Quarterly Calls. 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
 
Yogesh Mendiratta 
 
Company Secretary & Head - Legal 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
YOGESH 
MENDIRATTA
Digitally signed by 
YOGESH MENDIRATTA 
Date: 2024.01.31 
15:50:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Orient Bell Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA GUPTA – CEO – ORIENT BELL LIMITED 
 
MR. HIMANSHU JINDAL – CFO – ORIENT BELL LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYASH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Orient Bell Limited Q3 and 9Months FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and 
then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. We have with us today on the call from the 
management from Orient Bell Limited, Mr. Aditya Gupta, Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. 
Himanshu Jindal, Chief Financial Officer, along with Stellar IR Advisors. The management will 
be sharing key updates and financial highlights for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, which 
will be followed by a question-and-answer session. 
 
Please note that some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Orient Bell Limited will not be in anyway 
responsible for any actions taken based on such statements and undertake no obligations to 
publicly update these forward-looking statements. Documents relating to the company's 
financial performance are available on the website of the stock exchanges and the company's 
investor section. Trust, you have been able to go through the same. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aditya Gupta for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our quarter 3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. It has been another tough quarter for us, with the marketplace being sluggish 
and a challenging operating environment. There is no doubt that the top line in this quarter has 
not been up to the mark. 
We still have some positives in Q3. For one, our GVT salience has increased to 30% and we 
now do 50% of our sales in vitrified. This reflects the fact that our investments at Dora have now 
started contributing towards the premiumization of our product portfolio. The Dora investment 
has come at the right time as consumer preference is rapidly shifting from ceramics to GVT. 
Our contribution margins have improved, our gross contribution margins have improved both 
on a sequential and a year-on-year basis. After 46 years, we have launched an aggressive mass 
media outreach, making our presence felt across the country, covering nine languages, with a 
disproportionate focus on South and West, where we have significant headroom to grow. 
Our TV campaign reinforces the strategy of making tile buying and selling easier by focusing 
on our unique price discovery tools, visualization and a wide product range. In our research, 
consumers identify these benefits as most relevant to them and our TV commercial builds on 
these benefits. 
 
Our dealers and employees are seeing an increased inquiry and footfall and we are confident that 
this will help us in premiumization objective and to grow our top line. We are confident that our 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
message will be heard across the nation and will eventually help in increasing demand in the 
coming time, as and when the demand for tiles pick up, which we hope will come over the next 
few quarters. Because the real estate cycle comprising of land acquisition, cement, steel, pipes, 
electricals, cables, etc, are better and tiles is one of the last products which is used up in this 
cycle. 
When this happens, we will be ready with our increased capacity and our brand fuelled demand 
and of course improved distribution channels. This TV campaign has come at a significant cost 
for now, but we have decided to take the financial hit head on and continue to invest in building 
our brands so that when the markets turn for the positive, we would be able to gain 
disproportionately. 
 
With this, I request our CFO Himanshu Jindal for the financial updates. Over to you Himanshu. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon all. As Aditya mentioned, this was a very tough quarter, which is 
the case. So, we obviously had challenges on volume development, largely ceramics, which kind 
of dragged profitability. But at the same time, we had a few positives as well. Aditya mentioned 
about our contribution margins expanding and this is exactly what happened on a YOY or a 
sequential basis. 
 
You have both the numbers in our IR deck, up to 2.5%. And this is primarily led by A, the lower 
energy cost on a YOY basis. So incidentally, gas costs have marginally moved up sequentially, 
but we had enough opening finished goods inventory, which kind of ensured that we were 
hedged at least from a quarter three perspective. There is also improvement in our consumption 
efficiencies, which is something that we have been focusing on. 
 
And there is also an improvement in the product mix, which GVT salience going up by 7%, 
which kind of justifies the investments that we have now made in Dora. Secondly, there is also 
higher allocation to support the new TV campaign and the brand-ex that we are trying to build 
here. So, we have spent 7.1% of our revenues, which is double the run rate of our on-going 
investments and marketing. Largely, digital was what we were doing earlier. And like Aditya 
mentioned, we have kind of expanded our horizon and gone to TVCs now. 
EBITDA on a like-for-like basis, after excluding the impact of these higher marketing branding 
investments, was INR7.8 crores, which is 4.8%, so a little higher than what we had in quarter 
two, which was 3.8%. So, quarter three cash flow from operations was kind of ploughed back to 
fund these increased investments reported EBITDA, thus being INR1.3 crores, while we had a 
reported consolidated PAT loss of INR 3.4 crores now. 
YTD December, we still are carrying a consolidated PAT loss of around the same amount. More 
balance sheet support has been extended in quarter three specifically to support sales. So, we've 
been doing it all this while. We have done it more now in quarter three. So, credit to markets 
have been opened up further, and our inventories have also been stocked up, primarily to support 
additional GVT from Dora for our south and west operations. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Despite the increase on DSO and DIO, our working capital cycle is still intact. It's around 26 
days for quarter three end while we do have a small debt coming into our books now for the 
GVT capex that we undertook. This ensures that we still have enough headroom to quickly adapt 
for scale-up, as and when more and more opportunities become available, again to gain RMS. 
 
With this, I think we can ask the moderator to open the lines for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Shubham Upadhyay from Microcap Minute. 
Please go ahead. 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Yes, please. Yes, Shubham, please go ahead. 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Yes, so my first question is, how do you see the gas cost in the near-term future? My second 
question is, the company has taken an additional INR16 crores net debt. How much will be used 
to fund the Dora capex? How much of the fund will be used for it? These are my two questions 
for now. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Okay. Shubham, your first question first. Gas cost, no one knows, to be honest. We have seen 
gas costs going up this quarter. There is a INR3-INR4 increase which has come into play. I think 
across locations, except in Dora where we already have APM. So, that's number one. 
 
You are aware of the geopolitical crisis that is there across locations. The geopolitical crisis is 
something that you already are aware of.  
 
Now, how much would it impact crude or natural gas? Anybody's guess is at the moment. Crude 
and natural gas are unaffected so far. There was a bit of a spike coming in early Jan. But since 
then, largely okay. Offshore, onshore, I don't think there is anything which is happening 
immediately, for sure. Whatever happens with the choke points, as I call them, in the global 
trade, you and me don't have a control there. 
So, let's see how things develop there. More importantly, now coming to the debt. So, yes, debt 
has gone up. And this is being done for this particular project, the Dora project. And there are 
still some payments which are supposed to go out. You might have seen our investor release, 
the presentation that we have uploaded to stock exchanges. So, largely my debt is all long-term. 
It is, like I said, to fund the Dora, GVT project. 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Okay, so 100% of the debt which recently has been taken up is for the Dora capex only? Or is it 
going to like marketing and investment? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
No, no. So, you see my total net debt is around 36-37. Of which 35 is my long-term loan for the 
Dora project. Yes, I've got moratorium, I've got etcetera, etcetera. involved there. But more 
importantly, only INR1 crores or INR2 crores on working capital. Like I said, I've always been 
very efficient on working capital. Despite giving the support on credit and putting in more and 
more stocks into our factories. So, that I'll continue to do. That is something that is core to us. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Okay, okay. Thank you. That answers my question. I will get back in the queue. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshit from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Darshit: 
Yes, thanks for taking my questions. So, firstly, my question is quite general. I just wanted an 
overview or you can call it an internal target or anything like that. Or for revenue growth going 
forward next one or two years. And by what time will we be able to get to the 9%, 10% margin 
that we've been doing? And if yes, then by which quarter? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Can you repeat your first question? The first part of the question, please. 
Darshit: 
Yes, so revenue growth.  
Aditya Gupta: 
Revenue growth and second part was about margin. I think both of your questions are linked, so 
I'll try to answer them as one this thing. Of course, we expect, we have been adding capacity in 
the last two, three years. We have invested a lot of money to convert line to increase our GVT 
capacity. And this is keeping in mind an expectation that the volumes are going to improve. 
In the short run, we have suffered because the drop in ceramics, which used to be 60%, 70% of 
our business a couple of years back, has been much more steeper than the ramp up on GVT. But 
this is something which is going to have a lesser and lesser impact on us because as I already 
mentioned, we are sitting at now 50-50 in terms of the vitrified ceramic split. 
Having said this, coming to the margin piece, Himanshu already spoke about gas and the 
uncertainties and all which could be there. So, I'm not getting into that. It will happen for 
everybody in the industry. For us, operating leverage is extremely critical. So, as we grow our 
revenues, there would be an immediate positive swing in our margins. 
 
You've already seen how our gross margins have been increasing. Himanshu already spoke about 
that in his opening statement. Substantially from say, from quarter two of this financial year to 
quarter three. Thank you. 
Darshit: 
Okay, great. So, margins will improve and the key drivers would be, first of all, revenues if they 
grow. And second would be the gas price, right? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Darshit, let me try and simplify this for you. You asked two questions. Let me try and put it in 
my own words, right. You know that we've added some 7.5 million capacity over the last two, 
three years. Bulk of which has actually come in, actually in quarter three. So, 3.3 of the 7.5 is 
coming only now in quarter three. So, these are largely, let me say, headroom for future growth. 
So, we have invested our own money and yes, we have borrowed a little bit too to build up 
capacities. And let me say the ramp up of these capacities was envisaged at a particular rate. 
Unfortunately, it hasn't happened for multiple reasons, external, internal. And we are working 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
out solutions. So, this will happen over a period of time and with that, scale comes into play. 
That should help. 
More importantly on gross profit margins, obviously, one is the price side of things. The other 
is the cost side of things, right? You are largely in control of your own cost more in terms of 
consumption parameters, correct? So, this is something that we have been controlling and this 
is why you see our results improving. Even if you wish to compare us with competition, which 
I love to do internally for our own selves to know where we are vis-a-vid all put together. 
 
You would generally see over the last 10 odd quarters that our gross profit margins have not 
been bad. They are amongst the top one or two results. So, I think this is what we intend to do 
always, unless there are exceptional reasons, things that we can't control. EBITDA is obviously 
a number that most of us track, but I think you know that I focus more on free cash flow 
generations, right? And for me, that is critical. 
 
This is something that we have been monitoring very well since the time at least I came on the 
table. And you know we were doing some calculations at our end just to see how good or bad 
are we. And we realized that over the last four, four and a half years, we have paid down our 
debt. We have built up more capacity. We have invested into branding and we have done 
whatever else is needed, whether it's a payment of dividends, interest or taxes, etc. All of that 
cash flow is still pretty robust, even counting in the bad times that we have seen over the last 
two or three quarters now. So, it's all double digits, more than 12%. I think that is what we need 
to focus on. And this is what we are focusing on. Does it help you get a better perspective of 
what we are trying to do here? 
Darshit: 
Yes, yes. Very nice. And thank you for the detailed explanation and all the best for the future. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Miraj from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Miraj: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Aditya sir and Himanshu sir. Nice speaking to you again, 
Himanshu sir. I have a few questions. The operator can ask me to get back in the queue, but I 
have a lot of questions. 
 
Firstly, in terms of demand, I wanted to understand that as per our guidance, the ceramic side of 
business is drawing down the margins, while on the vitrified side, we've now reached 50% of 
the business, of the volumes. And if I were to look at our capacity utilization, it comes around 
to 43%. So, what I'm perceiving from this is that there's a fall in demand of ceramics and a rise 
in demand of vitrified. But can't we fasten the process of vitrified sales over here because the 
capacity utilization seems low compared to what the commentary actually is? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, capacity utilization, I don't know where you're getting the number from, Miraj. Our capacity 
utilizations for quarter three were very close to 65%. Just to give you an understanding of where 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
this industry is today, even in quarter three last year, Morbi was operating around the same 
levels. for most of the year, actually. 
So, industry capacity utilizations have also been very low. When I say capacity utilizations, I 
mean without adding stocks, selling in the market, right? This is obviously not optimal. We 
should aim for 90%-95%. This is very clear. And this is what we are working on. May be Aditya 
can share on the demand side as to how he's seeing things happen. May be Aditya? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Thanks. Miraj, so the trend that you're talking about of ceramics slowing down and the market 
preferences moving towards vitrified tiles is absolutely right. That trend is happening and 
accelerating. Also, with a lot of price competition from Morbi, today our vitrified tile would be 
available to a dealer at a rate at which he was buying, say, a ceramic tile two years, three years 
back. 
That is also speeding up the adoption of vitrified or the replacement of ceramics with vitrified. 
Our organic capacity, leaving aside the two JVs associated entities we have, is almost two-thirds 
ceramic and one-third GVT. Our GVT utilization, capacity utilization, are much higher than 
what the overall capacity utilizations are. 
And we have on the GVT piece also, which is the growing part of the market, we have 
considerable headroom in terms of capacities to grow, especially after the start of Dora GVT last 
quarter, the new line there. So, I think from that perspective, we are well-positioned for growth 
once the market turns back and some of our challenges we have been able to resolve. 
Miraj: 
Understood. Okay. So, of the 36.9 million square meter capacity that we have, one-third is GVT. 
So, since there is more demand on GVT, is it possible for us… 
Aditya Gupta: 
No, Miraj, just let me correct you please. That 36.9 million square meter includes our associated 
entities. Out of that 37 million, my own manufacturing capacity is 27 million. So out of the 27 
million, it is basically very broadly one-third to touch. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So may be just to add again, Miraj. The 10 million capacity that we have with our associated 
entities, please do appreciate that these are minority JVs. So, we have a minority stake there, 
ranging from 21% to 26%. So, we are not really the active partner in that JV, but yes, we have a 
right of refusal in terms of taking all the product that they produce. Right? 
Miraj: 
Right. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
All the supplies, but we are not really on the driver's seat there.  
Miraj: 
Right. So, I think there are two JVs that we have, and one of them is for vitrified tiles and one 
of them is for ceramics. So, what is the break between them, the breakup between them out of 
10 million?  

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Okay. So, Proton, both of them are almost equal size. One produces, like you rightly said, 
vitrified, double-charged largely. The other produces wall tiles, which is what we use for our 
South and West operations. They are almost equal size. 
Miraj: 
Understood. Okay. And sir, so -- yes, there was one mistake on my end. Yes, the volume is 65% 
of capacity utilization. How quickly can we ramp this up to our optimum utilization? Because I 
believe that the demand is -- just looking at the commentaries from real estate companies and 
existing companies in building material segment, I believe that the demand should start coming 
in now or anytime now. So do we need to -- there are two parts to this question. First is that do 
we see the need to add any more other associate company? And the other part is that how quickly 
could we ramp this up to our optimum utilization? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So, Miraj, first, yes, I agree with you that the real estate sector has started moving up. And we 
see a lot of new projects being launched every day. Real estate prices have been going up very 
nicely for the last one year or so. But keep in mind that tiles come in right at the fag end of our 
real estate project when it is being delivered. It is one of the last two months of the three-year or 
four-year project life that tiles are being used. So, a lot of these projects are going to add to the 
demand may be next year, may be two years from now, depending on when they were actually 
launched. 
So that's point one. Secondly, in terms of capacity, I don't know whether you have been checking 
out with, say, Morbi. If you were, you would find that about 50% of the units in Morbi have 
been closed in December and in January. And the trend continues in January. So, there is a 
challenge on the demand side, a short-term challenge on the demand side, because for one, 
exports in December is anyway not the best of month for exports. And since then, the freight 
rates, the cargo freight rates have dramatically gone up. 
So, exports are being postponed. People are waiting for the freights to kind of cool down a bit. 
So, it's a bit of a wait and watch, and that's why a lot of capacity at Morbi today is also standing 
idle. So difficult to kind of give you an exact timeframe of when this capacity will bounce up. 
But I think all the parameters in terms of real estate consumption, in terms of the number of 
launches which are happening across the country and all are in the positive direction. 
Miraj: 
Right. So, my question was more towards that, if I were to look at my peak capacity utilization, 
I believe 85% to 90% is something that we can do. Please correct me if I'm wrong here. So that 
is the first part, 85% to 90%. If it is needed, are we up to the required marks to deliver 85%, 
90%? I know the demand part you're saying that it is a bit slow right now. But let's say if it were 
to spring up back again, let's say in the next quarter itself, are we ready to deliver 85%, 90% 
utilization? And secondly, sorry, please go ahead. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Yes, we are. So, this capacity is available to us. These are own manufacturing units and all. So 
capacity is available at a very, very short notice. In a matter of weeks, it can be turned up. We 
have in all our units long-term gas connections from Gas Authority of India Limited. So, we do 
not have any issues in terms of supply of natural gas. And capacity utilization can be ramped up 
in a matter of weeks. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Miraj: 
Understood. And if you were to add any other further associate to keep us more balanced in 
supply on the supply front whenever the demand comes in, are we evaluating any players on that 
front and the associate side? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, Miraj, we keep evaluating options. Why only an associate? May be a full buyout also. But 
there are challenges in the sector. Most of the players that you need to indulge with, you have to 
check what is the key product offering that they have. What are the synergies that would be 
coming into play with you and the partner on the other side, etcetera, etcetera. So, there are 
things that we always keep discussing internally. 
 
If there is something which is happening, I am sure we will come back on all organic 
opportunities that we exploited in our own plants. We did inform markets at the right time. At 
the moment we were going live. So, if there is anything like this happening, I am sure we will 
come back to you and tell you transparently like something has been now agreed on, for example. 
Miraj: 
Understood. And sir, what is the average gas cost for the quarter for the plants, if you could just 
mention that? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, gas cost for the quarter would be just around 50 on a blended basis. Just around 50. If I were 
to count my blessings on the alternate fuels that we use across locations again, I think then it 
would be INR3, INR4 or INR5 cheaper. 
Miraj: 
Understood. And in the month of Jan till now, how has it been? Is it up or down, sir? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
No, it's pretty flat. Pretty flat. There is no surprise for now. 
Miraj: 
Understood. So, the marketing campaign that we started, this quarter we have seen almost a 2x 
from what we were doing earlier in ad spend. So, for how long are we planning to run this ad 
and with the target that we have, what kind of revenue are we aiming over here? So, are we 
aiming to increase our geographical revenue from a particular geography or a particular 
category? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Okay, Miraj. So, we started, the campaign was launched in the first week of December. To 
answer your first question, we will continue this campaign through quarter four. And we have 
as strategy decided we want to build up the brand imagery for Orient Bell. And this is something 
which we shall continue to do in the next financial year also. So, it is not a one-off initiative. It 
is something which the company will continue to invest in, in the future also. That's point number 
one. 
Point number two, you talked about any specific geographies. So yes, I had mentioned in my 
opening comments also that we have advertised in nine languages. And of course, five of them 
are the South Indian languages, the four South Indian languages. And we have spent 
disproportionate amounts in South India on TV. Disproportionate to our current sales salience 
with a strategy to build up volumes going forward. As you know, the Dora new line is something 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
which we have made for South and West markets only. And the new line which we had made in 
Hoskote about a year and a half back is totally South focused. 
Miraj: 
Understood. And sir, could you break down what is the Dora, the new Dora line's utilization for 
the last quarter? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Miraj, may we request you to rejoin the question queue as there are several 
other participants waiting. 
Miraj: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. So, the next question is from the line of Keshav Bijayratan Lahoti from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Hello. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, to understand the demand side, how will the 
domestic demand be impacted because of the Red Sea, the ocean rates are rising? So, will it lead 
to higher dumping by Morbi in the domestic market? And secondly, how has been the situation 
from Morbi dumping last one or two quarter? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Keshav, the line was not very clear. So, what I have understood is you are asking about the 
export outlook currently. Is that what your question is? 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Yes, export outlook and how will it impact on domestic demand? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Okay, fine. Got it. So, as I said, freight rates have gone up. I mean, the Dubai container was kind 
of used to be available at almost zero cost. Today, it is some $400-$500. There is, across markets, 
freight rates have really gone up. So, there is a lot of postponement of exports, which is 
happening because the buyers are looking for the freights to kind of come off before committing. 
Cannot say when this will be sorted out. But as we speak, situation on the export front on the 
freights and all is not very good. How it impacts the domestic market is clearly there is a certain 
portion of that capacity, production capacity, which was export oriented, which starts dumping 
stocks in the domestic market. So that does happen. It happens every time. 
 
So, it is a clear negative for the domestic market in terms of dumping by some of these guys. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. Got it. We have seen some sequential improvement in gross margin. So, what are the key 
reasons for that? Is it product mix or how should we see that? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Himanshu had spoken about it. Himahshu, you want to repeat that please. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, hi, Keshav. Keshav, largely two or three reasons playing out. One, like I said, gas costs 
have come down, both sequentially and on a Y-O-Y basis. This is clear. More importantly, I 
think, and we spoke about consumption efficiency last year, same time. There were challenges. 
Now those have been ironed out over the last two, three quarters. We are also saving money out 
of whatever projects we built up to support power and fuel efficiencies. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
So, all of those are now paying off. And therefore, with the product mix also improving, all of 
that is helping today. And therefore, the gross profit margins are better than where it was. But 
otherwise also try and look at my gross profit margins on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And on a 
Y-O-Y basis for the last 10 quarters, you will get an answer that we are generally among the one 
or the top two in the industry overall. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
True, true. One last question from my side. Quite an interesting ad campaign and launched 0% 
celeb. Just want to understand that what are the key areas to understand, the purpose of this 
aggressive marketing strategy? What is in your mind? Is it rising, improving? What kind of 
gaining market share do you see going forward? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Okay, Keshav so the objective of our ad campaign, first and foremost, is to build up brand 
awareness. We have been manufacturing and selling tiles for almost five decades now. And this 
is an area where we have been late. And that's why we took up this -- we took up this as a priority 
that even for ourselves, even when the markets are down and the top line is not too good, we 
wanted to go out there and start investing to build this up. 
So, the long-term objectives of doing this campaign are to clearly create a differentiated brand 
image for Orient Bell. As a company which makes tile buying and selling easier, which makes 
the choice of choosing a particular tile or design of tile or type of tile very easy and comfortable 
for the customer. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
But how should we see, let's say, from one or two year point of view, like, what would be the 
KRA to see whether the campaign is going as planned by the company? What sort of maybe 
possibly higher realization you'll be able to charge? What sort of better growth we should see 
from one or two year perspective? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Keshav, if I understood you correctly, are you trying to ask us what is the KRA that we have set 
for our marketing guys for this campaign? 
Keshav Lahoti: 
So, what is the idea to judge whether the things are going as planned? 
Aditya Gupta: 
Okay, fine. So, Keshav, the campaign is about six weeks old now. We keep evaluating it once 
every couple of months and all. So, to start with, there are very clear goals in terms of the reach 
and the frequency and the opportunity to see and the frequency in all the key markets, which is 
basically amongst our target audience of 30 plus age male and female, this thing, how many 
people have actually seen our advertisement. 
So that is clearly objective number one. We keep evaluating that, keep measuring that as the 
time data, TV audience measurement data keeps coming out and kind of keep adjusting whether 
you want to spend more or less in a particular market, change channels and stuff like that. So 
that is the delivery part of the campaign. The second, from the business perspective, we expect 
the campaign to have an impact on the website traffic that we have. You know, orientbell.com 
is one of the pioneering websites and we have won multiple awards for this website over the last 
four years. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Not just the tile industry, but within the building and construction industry. So, we expect 
organic traffic on our website to go up dramatically. We expect the number of leads which come 
to us through the website to go up dramatically. And finally, all of this has to result in a certain 
brand awareness score, which is what we measure once every six months. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Okay. Got it. That is quite helpful. Thank you. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Suresh from Samatva Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is based on your 
commentary in the last quarter where you said that the blended gas price for us and for the 
industry as such, it has come on the same level, which previous few quarters ours was a bit 
higher compared to the industry? And second was that you said that the price drops that you had 
taken, they were actually, you were seeing some growth in the terms of volumes to the price 
drops that you had taken? 
 
So, I just wanted to know why has, in spite of being on a similar path with industry in terms of 
gas pricing as well as the price drops, why has the volume uptake been a bit low? I understand 
the external factors, but is there internally something, you know, where you feel that you're 
missing out and there's some scope for improvement? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So, Rohit, definitely, definitely there is scope for improvement and this is a question that we 
keep asking ourselves all the time. There are two main reasons which I would like to kind of 
point out. One I've already spoken about, which is our higher than industry dependence on 
ceramic products historically. 
 
We have reached, as I said, we are now 50-50 in quarter three between ceramics and vitrified. 
But if you look at some of our competitors or most of our competitors, you will find that this 
ratio would be more of 70-30 or something like that. So, this is one thing, ceramics are kind of 
being replaced with vitrified. 
 
So, we have had a bigger impact of that on our top line. So that is one reason. A second reason, 
which I think is there, which is something which we are putting solutions in place for is attrition. 
 
This year has been a year of high attrition for us, much higher than what we have usually had. 
And this has kind of slowed down, this has impacted top line generation, this has impacted 
market working and all. So, these are two reasons, which I would say are unique to Orient Bell. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Sir and have we lost market share in our like key geographies because of the high attrition or 
has it led to a market share loss? 
Aditya Gupta: 
So, Rohit, yes. The H1 results are available for our competitors. For Q3 we're the first one to 
come out with. In H1, yes, some of our competitors had grown faster. So obviously there is 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
market share loss. Unfortunately, the industry is not mature enough to have region-wise or state-
wise market share this thing. 
But yes, overall, H1 was a time when we did lose market share. And now with the new GVT 
capacity coming up on speed in quarter three, actually the capacity came up in September. Then 
there was a lot of new testing, new products being developed and all. And finally, in the month 
of November, we were able to start selling from the new line. So, with all of this happening, we 
see attraction now slowly coming back. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Got it. So just one question, one more was that historically in FY21-22 when gas prices were on 
an increasing trend, we used to get some benefit over the competitors, right? So now with gas 
prices increasing at least from 40 to 50 in the last quarter and if it's on an upward trend, will we 
expect a similar benefit on our margins? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Hard to comment on, Rohit, right now. This is obviously way beyond our control in terms of 
how the gas prices will evolve. Past trend, yes, you were right. They are linked more to spot. 
Spot is actually very, very volatile. So, if it goes up like anything, you can expect anything to 
happen there. Correct? 
 
In our case, we are more insulated in terms of having a long-term linkage where there are pricing 
formulas agreed already with the government. So, in quarter three also, when we saw our gas 
prices going up a little, their gas prices also went up by the same proportion. That's the reality 
of what happened in quarter three with us and Morbi. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Sir, and what would be the gas price in Morbi right now? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Gas price or the propane price there on equivalent gas terms is more or less similar. I think 46-
47 in that range, 45-47. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Got it. Sir, and this one last one on our gas, are we using biofuel or is it... 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, we are using biofuels in one of our plants, not all right now because of the economics. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Okay, got it. Sir, and lastly on the capacity utilization at Dora, the previous participant that also 
asked, is that number... 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So we give a blended capacity utilization out, Rohit. Wait for some more time as in when 
capacities ramp up, we'll be in a more comfortable position sharing these numbers. See, we don't 
want to give that split out for obvious reasons. 
We are building up the plant today, we are building up our salience in South and West. I do not 
think this is the right time to share numbers at least on a regional basis. Yes, wait for some more 
time. I am sure we will come back to you guys at some point. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you so much and wishing you all the very best. Thank you. 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhor Rathi from CounterCyclic Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhor Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I wanted to understand the 7.1% of our marketing revenue as 
a percentage of sales. So, this will continue as a percentage of sales for FY '24 and FY '25 or the 
amount will continue for FY '24 and FY '25? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
No, so see, nothing is constant in this world, right? Every single day is dynamic. So would be 
our marketing spend. We have been doing in the past 3.5% roughly, give or take here or there. 
It has been ramped up for reasons because obviously we were starting it for the first time and 
we wanted a pan-India reach out to support our salience over a period of time for brand building, 
brand recall. 
 
And we will see how these investments play out. Aditya did mention a lot about these already, 
so there is nothing more that I can add. But yes, if these have to be ramped up or ramped down, 
we can. This is something that we can agree on depending on how the situation is. 
Madhor Rathi: 
Okay, sir. So, I understood what was the motive behind these investments on marketing. I am 
just trying to understand for the next 18 months. So, like from the 3%, 3.5%, will we see it going 
to 5% or is there some kind of figure in our mind? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, you can say 3.5% to 5% could be normal for OBL, at least for these ultra short-term, short-
term types. 
Madhor Rathi: 
Okay. Sir, my second question would be, sir, our revenue from trading has been on a constant, 
like on a similar line when it was. So where do we see this going? So, with our new capacities 
coming in, do we see trading revenues going, getting lower going forward? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
No, I don't, See trading. There are products that we do not manufacture. Please keep that in mind. 
Our own manufacturing capacities, as what Aditya mentioned, 60%-65% of that is actually pure 
ceramics. So, I, and there is only GVT 35%. So, I may need more GVT, I may need more slabs, 
I may need more commodity products coming in from trading. 
 
It is a tap that has unlimited potential. So, so we will try and use it wherever we can to be able 
to give customers what they want. 
Madhor Rathi: 
Okay. That was from my side, sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Countercyclical. Please go 
ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand that even though we have increased the percentage of advertisement 
and sale promotion expense from 3%, 3.5% to, let's say, 5% or thereabouts. Now, sir, the 

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
question is about the effectiveness of that spend. So how do we evaluate that, that whatever 
money we are spending? 
Sir, because our top line is only not growing. So had the top line been growing, then the 
shareholders would not have minded sacrificing the margins. But here we are sacrificing the 
margins also without anything to show for the top line. So, what are your thoughts on that? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
See, Keshav, these investments have just started. Now, whether they are doing good or not, we'll 
get to know over a period of time, right? So please appreciate we were working with -- so when 
I joined this company, we started doing this 3.5% on digital marketing. People used to ask me 
whether this will work or not. How do you know? And very difficult question to answer, to be 
honest.  
But I think immediately post-COVID, when the opportunities came in terms of people wanting 
to buy, I think the solutions that our team had built came into play and we were able to realize 
what we intended to realize, growing better than the industry. We realized over the last one, one 
and a half years that our competition is spending a lot on these other things that we were not 
doing on branding.  
And therefore, we have taken a plunge and committed to ourselves that, yes, if you know this 
helps build the brand recall, let's go ahead and invest. And therefore, we are doing it. And there 
are -- like Aditya mentioned, there are KPIs for the marketing team as well to be able to deliver 
what they intend to deliver or what they've been brought in to deliver, which is to generate 
demand. So, let's be patient.  
I know there is no possibility for me to give you guidance on how this will pan out. But 
hopefully, with markets coming back, with all these interjections that we are doing internally 
with our teams, we know our weaknesses. It's not that we don't, but nothing can be sorted out 
overnight. Right? So, allow us some time, some breathing space, and I'm sure over the next one 
or two quarters, you'll start seeing results. Yes, this is what we hope for.  
Keshav Garg: 
So basically, shareholders can expect something over the next one to two quarters, either mostly 
on the top line side. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
This is what we hope for. Yes. Obviously, underlying market dynamics also have to be looked 
at. We are the first ones to report results this time. Let's see what is the results. We have not done 
very well in the first half vis-à-vis competition. This is also very, very clear. So, let's see where 
competition is and how do we want to now play in the market?  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, if we see our trailing 12-month numbers, our operating profit is even less than the COVID 
year of FY'20. It's lower than what we did in FY'11. So, if we look at the rest of the industry, 
things are sluggish, but they are not so bad in the rest of the industry. So, is there anything from 
what you have already alluded to about the brand building, etcetera? Sir, is there anything else 
where we are doing something?  

 
Orient Bell Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, Keshav, I think you and me both are finance guys. We understand free cash flow much better 
instead of what we report on EBITDAs for whatever reasons, correct? There are a whole lot of 
provisions. There is a whole lot of other things that happen in those numbers. And you know my 
free cash flow numbers, you know whatever I've done to build capex, to do debt repayments, to 
support branding, all of those numbers are there. 
And I think I elucidated on the call, in this call rather today, that in the -- starting 1st of April 
2019, my free cash flow generation to support all these activities that I've done has been close 
to 12%-13% in this kind of an industry, yes, bare minimum. I don't think that is bad, given what 
EBITDAs my peers make, listed, unlisted, all put together, right? 
So, we have not done that badly. Yes, there have been quarters where we have done much better. 
There have been quarters where we have not done so good. And yes, the expectations are much 
more, which is very, very clear again. So, like I said, instead of focusing on our EBITDA 
number, I think right now for the moment, what makes more sense is how much volumes are we 
doing?  
What is my gross profit margins? And what is -- where is my free cash flow? Am I heavily 
borrowing in the market? Or am I still strong, right, on the balance sheet front? I think that 
should be more of a guiding spirit between now till, you know, for the next one or two quarters 
for sure. And then we'll see how to position ourselves thereon. Makes sense? 
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you very much and best of luck.  
Himanshu Jindal: 
Sorry, I missed. You said something, Keshav?  
Keshav Garg: 
Thank you very much and best of luck.  
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Aditya Gupta for closing comments. 
Aditya Gupta: 
Thank you, everybody. And no questions now, so we are closing this earnings call. Thanks for 
joining. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Orient Bell, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect your lines. 
