 
aa 
PI Industries Ltd. 
Corporate Off.: Vipul Square, 5th Floor, B-Block, Sushant Lok, Phase I, Gurgaon – 122009, Haryana, India. Tel.: +91-124-679000 
Regd. Off.: Post Box No.20, Udaisagar Road, Udaipur – 313001, Rajasthan, India. Tel.: +91-294-2491451-5, 6651100, Fax: +91-294-2491946 
Email: info@piind.com, www.piindustries.com, CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 
PI External 
 
 
 
PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:95:2023-24 
February 19, 2024 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
              
Corporate Relationship Deptt. 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Code No.523642 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Code No. PIIND 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call pertaining to the unaudited financial 
results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 
46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on Monday, February 
12, 2024 at 2:30 P.M. (IST) to discuss the unaudited standalone & consolidated financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023.  
 
Further, please note that the said press release is also made available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.piindustries.com/investor-relations/co-go/concal-transcript. 
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Sonal Tiwari 
Company Secretary 
ACS: 16638 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
 
 
SONAL 
RAMANAND 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by SONAL 
RAMANAND TIWARI 
Date: 2024.02.19 22:22:17 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
PI External 
 
 
PI Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 12, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings 
Conference call of PI Industries Limited. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today at PI Industries 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us senior members of the Management, including: 
 
Mr. Mayank Singhal – Executive Vice Chairperson and Managing 
Director 
 
Mr. Rajnish Sarna – Joint Managing Director  
 
Mr. Manikantan Viswanathan – Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Prashant Hegde – CEO, Domestic  
 
Mr. Atul Gupta – CEO, Exports and  
 
Mr. Anil Jain – Managing Director, PI Health Sciences Ltd. 
We shall commence the call with key perspectives from Mr. Singhal. After that, 
we will have Mr. Manikantan to share his views on the financial performance 
of the Company. Thereafter, the forum would be open for interactive question 
and answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the investor presentation shared with you earlier and 
which is also available on the stock exchange website. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Singhal to share his perspectives with you. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Singhal: 
A good afternoon to all of you for joining the call today for our Q3 Earnings 
FY24. 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
PI External 
Over my remarks, I shall come about aspects of strategic and operating 
progress that we have made in the Company. I am glad to report a good set of 
results for Q3. Let me briefly cover the highlights. PI has recorded an 18% 
growth in Q3 over the comparable period of last year. Our EBITDA and PAT 
has shown a good improvement coming at 34% and 28% respectively. 
In recent times, we have seen industry dynamics and global geopolitical 
tensions, climate change creating adverse impacts on the working pattern of 
AgChem industry. Owing to its own imperatives, we have seen China offloading 
material in global markets. Consequently, trade channels are yet at a high 
inventory and the flow of products from manufacturers is therefore impaired. 
Certain geographies are more impacted than others internationally, but at an 
overall level, generic products that are the most popular are tracking declines 
month-on-month. 
PI stands apart as a unique business model, owing to its robust model with a 
differentiated portfolio of molecules in exports, a range of brands comprised 
specialized products. Our respect for IPR and meticulous execution and 
continuous investment in innovation are the supportive pillars of this model. 
The growth you are seeing in exports for us is a result of our focus on early-
stage patented molecules that are still growing in many countries and obtaining 
registration in several others. We track the entire arc of growth from beginning 
to maturity. Our track record of meeting global requirements of some of the 
largest IP holders over the years has strengthened mutual respect and the 
relationship we share. In fact, PI ranked among the top three CSM companies 
in the world and has truly marked the complex operations involved due to the 
demonstrated capabilities in technology and advanced processes. Our 
relationships with global innovators has grown very deep, both at the product 
sourcing level and also in process research and process innovation where our 
expertise is drawn upon. Over the years, we have supported the growth of 
advanced molecules of innovators and given the pipeline we have built, this 
cycle is continuous. It is a kind of natural virtuous cycle replenishing itself with 
the pipeline of products and new engagements. 
Our domestic business is again well poised to tap into the potential of early-
stage molecules that are being launched by us as brands. Whereas others 
have seen subdued performance owing to monsoon deficit in the south, 
depleting reservoir levels, elevated inventory levels for row crops, our 
emphasis has been on driving high quality revenue with better margins. Our 
superior product mix and disciplined working capital management have 
contributed very well, which again is incredibly unique to us. We have been 
developing the horticulture category as well and these brands have shaped up 
well. Creating value for farmers of fruits and vegetables across the key 
geographies through Jivagro, India's only horticulture specialists, we have 60 
brands. Biological and Bio-Nutrients have also grown strongly for us. We have 
a portfolio of 8 products, 2 have been well entrenched over 2 decades. 
As we look into the future in exports, we have steadily been working towards 
diversifying our mix. Whereas growth is coming from molecules in the AgChem 
and shall continue to come, we have grown our footprint well beyond AgChem. 
We have established strong capabilities in the high-quality markets for 
electronic chemicals and other specialty chemicals. A significant growth is 
originating from the new products, more than 50% growth during Q3 has come 
from here. Beyond this, we have visibility up to 50 new molecules in the R&D 
pipeline. The share of non-AgChem molecules in new enquiries have grown 
30%. The proportion of new AgChem molecules that have a good runway 
growth ahead of them will see higher commercialization and will account for 

 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
PI External 
about 30% of commercialization going ahead. These will get commercialized 
in the future with each product giving us a growth curve as it matures. Similarly, 
on the domestic side, our strategies of introducing novel molecules with 
underlying performance, we launched 5 new products in the current fiscal year. 
Over the last 3 years, we have found wide acceptance, which helped us 
mitigate the revenue decline in the industry. Our recent launch of brands has 
seen a healthy uptick such as insecticide CLARET for paddy, herbicide 
EKETSU, a newly patented rice herbicide, fungicide KADETT® for soyabean 
and groundnut and Bio-fungicide PIILIN® for grapes and Chili. We have a 
robust pipeline of over 20 products both under registration and development 
and will drive growth in the years to come. Our team is intensively working on 
the field to hand hold farmers in the nuances of right usage of the products 
thereby generating loyalty towards our brands. We have launched a brand 
called AMINOGROW, which has met with a good response. Bio-Nutrients 
represent a growing category of products within farming. 
Moving on to our strategic objectives, as our strategic objective of diversifying 
into pharma has been achieved, we are prioritizing the process of integration 
of the facets with the help of a global consultant. PI as Health Sciences is 
working towards potent integration of CRO-CDMO-API platform, which we call 
CRDMO which shall deliver comprehensive solutions to our clients. Our work 
continues to enhance and modernize the set-up and capabilities and 
technological initiatives at both research and manufacturing location in India 
and Europe. Investments are also being made towards building a strong 
resource base in order to support the need for the big pharma and biotech 
clientele, thereby intensifying the new business development pipeline. 
We believe that the pharma business is moving in the right direction and on 
the path to build a future growth engine for PI. Whereas I alluded to this earlier 
in my remarks, PI’s stature in the business is stronger owing to the initiatives 
of science and technology. We are truly proud of India's only fully integrated 
AgChem Company. We have the only integrated single site research centre 
encompassing chemical synthesis, biological 
evaluation to 
process 
development to scale up under one roof in Udaipur. Our R&D setup engages 
over 800 scientists, researchers as mentioned, who have filed over 155 
patents, they are focusing on unique building blocks that will give us 
opportunities across industry verticals and lead us to the newer capabilities 
and ultimately in creating new business. Over the years, the attribute has 
translated into stronger business patterns and a deep and wide pipeline of yet 
to be launched molecules. 
Now, just an update on the ESG. Sustainability is a culture rather than an 
obligation. Our passion is defined by the purpose of reimagining a healthier 
planet. We have improved S&P Global Score, a corporate assessment ranked 
in the 95th percentile as well retained ECOVADIS gold medal with achievement 
of 98th percentile ranking. PI has featured in S&P Global Sustainability in a 
yearbook for 2024, thus giving us a distinction mark amongst the best ESG 
rated companies globally. Initiatives to uphold ESG are integrated well within 
the planning and operating for the business. Thus, as we grow business, we 
are doing so with great responsibility. 
We continue to actively seek and evaluate new opportunities in the inorganic 
domain in line with our strategic and operating aspirations, to complement the 
growth seen in our business. The outlook for this year remains positive and we 
are on the path to delivering guided performance for FY24. 

 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
PI External 
This brings me to the end of my remarks. I would now like to request 
Manikantan to take this forward and once again thank you all for joining this 
call today and to be a part of our growth story. Over to you, Mani. 
M Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Mr. Singhal. Good afternoon, everyone on the call today. I will 
summarize the Company's financial highlights for the 3rd quarter ended 31st 
December 2023. Please note that all comparisons are on a Y-o-Y basis and 
therefore to the consolidated financial performance.  
As Mr. Singhal has shared, our performance demonstrates a differentiated 
approach to doing business and a sharp focus on keeping operating 
parameters in line with objectives. 
To share the performance highlights, during Q3 FY24, we reported a revenue 
of Rs.18,975 million, a growth of 18% over the same period of last year. This 
was driven by growth in exports revenue by 23% to Rs.16,310 million and a 
6% decline in domestic revenue to Rs.2,665 million. Gross margin and EBITDA 
improved mainly on account of favorable product mix, operating leverage, and 
one-time impact of recovery of theft material, contributing around 300 basis 
points improvement in EBITDA. Profit after tax increased by 28% to Rs.4,486 
million, attributable to EBITDA growth and lower effective tax rate. 
Let me also cover YTM performance for FY24. YTM 31st December revenue 
was Rs.59,248 million, a growth of 20% over the same period last year. This 
was driven by solid growth in export revenues by 29% to Rs.48,269 million, 
which is a 7% decline in domestic terms to Rs.10,979 million. Profits after tax 
improved by 38% to Rs.13,120 million. The effective tax rate for YTM was 
11.56% due to growth in export revenue.  
Cash flows from operating activities increased by 16% to Rs.11,561 million and 
Rs.12,889 million excluding pharma. This was due to higher EBITDA on 
efficient working capital management. The trade working capital in terms of 
number of days has reduced by 10 days to 80 days compared to the previous 
year. Inventory levels also reduced in terms of days to approximately 59 days 
to Rs.12,743 million. 
Our balance sheet further strengthened during the year. Network increased to 
Rs.84,508 million as on 31st December 2023. YTM CAPEX stood at Rs.9,001 
million, including pharma acquired assets for Rs.4,972 million and is in line with 
the plan. Surplus cash, net of debt is Rs.32,926 million as on 31st December 
2023. Our balance sheet and cash flow have stood robust in line with clear 
financial strategy and disciplined execution, thereby enabling superlative 
performance. 
This concludes my opening commentary. I will now request the moderator to 
open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Jhawar from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
One of our key products, Pyroxasulfone, if you can highlight which are the key 
markets where the registration process is still on, that is #1? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
There are several countries, but since these registrations are being done by 
the Innovator and not PI, we would not have the detailed first-hand information.  

 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
PI External 
Aditya Jhawar: 
How much pricing erosion we have seen, do we have some market intelligence 
for the markets where the product has become generic like Australia or 
Argentina? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We don’t have first-hand information but the market intelligence suggests that 
the price erosion was 10%-15% in the initial year.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
You mentioned some commentary on the CAPEX front. So, what kind of 
CAPEX intensity we should expect in FY25 and what could be your guidance 
going into FY25, sir? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, the lot will also depend on the R&D pipeline's progress, but we expect an 
annual capex of Rs. 600-800 crore for organic growth. We will have more clarity 
on this by the Q4 end. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sir, from growth perspective, you have not spelled out FY25 guidance yet, but 
from a near to medium-term perspective, how is the visibility on growth? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We will have specific guidance at the end of the 4th quarter, but as of now, we 
maintain our earlier indication and are confident of sustaining this growth 
momentum. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
My first question was on the pricing cut. Typically, historically, seeing that 
across the innovator molecules or the products that we have been working on, 
what has been the worst-case pricing cut that we would have seen historically? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Since we are working across the value chain, I am not very clear if your 
question is for our manufacturing or marketing in India.  
Ankur Periwal: 
On the patented CSM side, you did allude towards around 10%-15% pricing 
cut that we have seen till now given the product getting generic in some of the 
key markets globally, earlier experience? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
I think the question was about the price reduction in one of the markets where 
the product has gone generic, not the price cut we have seen in our supply.  
Ankur Periwal: 
No, no, not you have seen, the final product pricing was what I was referring 
to. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. 
Ankur Periwal: 
On the similar lines historically for any patented product turning generic, what 
has been the worst-case pricing cut we would have seen, a broad range would 
be helpful? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Aditya, there is nothing like worst case or best case, I mean if you look at the 
industry and being in the sector, you know this better, it is quite a standard 
approach where price and volume curves play up in the industry. So, there is 
nothing which you can really say what is worse and what is good. Again, as 
you know once the volume picks up, costs also change. So, the price is 
determined by the product segments. As I was mentioning, the spectrum of 
price cuts is dependent on various factors. The innovator is the one who guides 
the prices in the market. 

 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
PI External 
Ankur Periwal: 
Second question is on the growth part. While we are not guiding anything in 
particular this quarter, but directionally you did mention, we will maintain the 
growth momentum. Trying to understand from a new product ramp up 
perspective, since we have been pretty reasonably aggressive in terms of our 
launches over the last 2-3 years, any of the products across agri and non-agri 
side which are seeing a good ramp up from the client perspective on the CSM 
side? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
As we have also indicated that, for example in this current quarter, there is 
significant growth contributed by the new products commercialized (more than 
60% growth). Likewise, we have a good visibility of many of these new projects, 
contributing to the growth in the 4th quarter as well as in the coming year. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Lastly, on the domestic market, any timelines or thoughts on the revival or 
growth uptick of which you can share? 
Prashant Hegde: 
In the domestic market, we expect the challenges to continue in Q4 as well 
because of the external conditions However, our new products have really 
done well even in the domestic market, especially in Chili and seasonal 
vegetables, which was the major focus crop as well as on wheat. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity International. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one was given whatever slowdown we 
have seen in the global AgChem space, has there been any change in our 
engagement with our clients in terms of new products or have you seen any 
clients saying that we want to go back to China now versus sourcing from the 
larger Indian CMO companies, has there been any discussion of that sort? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We have not seen any change in our engagement. In fact, these engagements 
have only gone deeper with the customers and strategic partners. As explained 
earlier, since we focus on early-stage molecules, the kind of headwinds that 
we are seeing and customers evaluating China as an alternate are not relevant 
situations for us. 
Madhav Marda: 
My second question was slightly more basic one like in the pharma piece, when 
we talk about the kind of projects that we want to do with the biotech or big 
pharma customers. Is it basically doing research for them at phase one, phase 
two, phase three kind of stage or what kind of projects are we doing, if you 
could give some more sense on the business model would be very helpful? 
Mayank Singhal: 
The business model is that of a CRO contract research services supporting 
early-stage discovery services for innovators. 
Madhav Marda: 
So, then the growth comes from engaging with them like phase one, phase two 
and then as the molecule progresses through, we scale up the business, is 
that how we should think about it going ahead? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, and as you know this is a long gestation period business. We are doing 
the same for this business and we are focusing on the innovative pipeline. 
Madhav Marda: 
Anything that you can share like any specific, how many big pharma clients we 
are engaging with or how many biotechs we are engaging with, any color on 
the business as it stands today will be helpful? 

 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
PI External 
Mayank Singhal: 
Some of these are under confidential agreements as you would understand 
because it is already in the innovator space. So, yes, we are working with a 
few, and you would appreciate that we just started and we are building the 
capabilities and then we are going to be looking at expanding our platforms as 
well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kumar from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumit Kumar: 
My first question was relating to the one-off gains that we have seen in Q3. So, 
in quantity terms, how much was the one-off gain in Q3? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
This was pertaining to the recovery of the theft material and the amount was 
close to Rs.70 crore. Since the inventory cost related to that material was 
already accounted for in the previous quarter, this one-time gain and its impact 
on gross margin and EBITDA is highlighted in our result release also as the 
one-off item. 
Sumit Kumar: 
But sir in Q3, we had mentioned that the items that were lost in transit was 
worth Rs. 410 million. So, how did we re-evaluate this to Rs. 700 million? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
That was the inventory cost.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sir, I was saying on the FY24 guidance, we talked about 18%-20% growth in 
the agrochemical business for FY24 if this is correct. For 9M, we have done 
15%. So, how should we look at the full year, more towards the lower end of 
the guidance? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, we had indicated close to 18%-20% YoY growth in FY24. While the 
domestic growth as explained earlier by Prashant is subdued and we will have 
to see how things pan out in the last quarter, we are still confident to achieve 
the original guidance of 18%-20% for agchem exports.  To be safer, on the 
lower end of this guidance. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Just to be clear, our guidance is only for agrochem part of the business, right? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, it was for overall business. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Including the pharma? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly, for the quarter on the gross margin, even if we make the adjustment 
for the one-off item that you talked about, I mean, the gross margins are higher 
than the previous sort of levels. Anything has changed in this quarter for the 
gross margins and how should we look at the sustainable number for this gross 
margins for the business? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We had focused on a favourable product mix rather than the volumes, 
particularly in the domestic business where there was a choice of chasing the 
volumes by liberalising credit norms and also pricing. This is the key contributor 
to this improvement in the EBITDA margin apart from the one-off that we have 
seen. Even in our exports, we have seen that because of the growth of new 

 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
PI External 
projects. Going forward, in terms of EBITDA margin, we believe that around 
25%-26% should be a sustainable level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just one clarification before I ask my 2 questions. You mentioned earlier that 
over 60% of the growth in this quarter has come from the new products. Am I 
correct? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just related to that, the first question was, would it be possible to share what 
the contribution of these new products would be as a percentage of your overall 
portfolio today and where do you see this going say in the next 2 years? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, we don’t have this data in front of us, but yes, this quarter's growth was 
more than 60% contributed by new products. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just one clarification here. When you say new products, that would mean the 
products that you have been working on say in the last 1-2 years. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, last 3 years. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
The second question was just in terms of the broader industry challenges that 
we have been seeing with respect to the farming space, are these new 
products not getting affected in a big way, would that be a fair statement? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, because these products are still in their early stage, they are still growing, 
they are also getting registered in the newer geographies, etc. It is quite natural 
for these products to continue to grow for the next several years.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Ramesh Sankaranarayanan from Nirmal Bang. 
Please go ahead. 
S Ramesh: 
In the pharma business, you have indicated Rs. 350 million development 
expenditure year-to-date. Can you explain what is the nature of these 
developments expenses and what are the kind of run rate we should expect 
say in FY’25 and FY’26, and when do you expect this to kind of grow, how 
much will that be? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Well, the development spend is in terms of augmenting resources in R&D, in 
business development, in managerial/commercial areas, setting up new 
systems and processes wherever there is a scope found during the integration 
of acquired assets. The development spending is also towards a lot of 
infrastructure improvements that we have made or we are making right now. 
Since we are still in the process of completing this integration process, it is 
difficult to indicate what would be the development spend in the next few years. 
We will have clear visibility of the scale-up of the newly acquired businesses 
and development spending over the next few quarters.  
S Ramesh: 
On the balance sheet details, you have given the pharma assets and liabilities. 
Can you share the current assets and current liabilities in pharma if it is 
possible? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Yes, that we can share on the sideline. You can get it from our finance team. 

 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
PI External 
S Ramesh: 
In terms of the pharma business, there is improvement in terms of your 
revenue and adjust for the Ind AS, there is improvement in the EBITDA and 
before development expenditure, EBITDA margin were 16%. How do you see 
the revenue run rate for the next 3-4 quarters and before development 
expenditure, what is the kind of EBITDA margin you would expect say by end 
of FY25 and FY26? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We will have much better visibility of what is the revenue scale-up and the 
margin profile in FY25 and FY26 in the next few quarters. But on broad terms, 
once this development phase of a couple of years is over, we would surely 
expect the EBITDA margins and other financial parameters to be in line with 
PI’s core business today.  
S Ramesh: 
One last part on the CSM business. This entire Rs. 800-900 crore of CAPEX 
will be on CSM. So, while you have in the past said you should not look at the 
asset turn. But where are these investments going in terms of developing your 
capabilities and eventually what are the kinds of incremental growth in revenue 
one can expect based on this sort of CAPEX over the next 2 years? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Organic growth CAPEX is mainly into capacity expansion and new 
technologies, capability building for which we are investing in R&D and kilo lab, 
pilot plant. The asset turns today are around 2-2.25x, and we expect similar 
kinds of asset turns to continue in future as well for this business. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amarnath from Ministry of Finance of Oman. 
Please go ahead. 
Amarnath: 
Sir, I just wanted to have a clarification on those news items which came to the 
media a month and a half back relating to some competition in the China is 
building up, huge capacity for the product which you are mainly dealing in and 
also your major clients somewhere in Japan has given a guidance of very lower 
growth of their final output, for which you are supplying the input. Any comment 
or clarification you would like to give because you might have seen this one 
particular news has impacted your share price quite rigorously, if you want to 
give certain clarification that how you see this news items impacting your 
business, it will be helpful for the entire investment community? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
In fact, we had given a clarification to this news item immediately after that 
news came. But I will again share our view on this topic for the interest of the 
investor community. Yes, as we all know, every product will eventually go 
generic. Same way, this product will also go generic at some point. The solo 
product patent has already expired in a few countries, and in other major 
countries, it will expire in the next few years.  
But the important point to understand here is that in most of the developed 
markets/countries, the ultimate products sold are the combination-formulations 
products having a significantly longer patent life than the next few years. 
Therefore, the impact of the product genericization is not going to be as 
significant as was articulated in that news item. This is the first point. 
The second point is about the new capacity build-up happening in China with 
some of these companies. Since the market opportunity for the generic would 
be limited for the next several years because of the first point that I explained, 
we will have to also see that eventually what kind of capacity will actually come 
into play in the next several years.  

 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
PI External 
The third important point for us to also appreciate is that when the products go 
off patent and many generic players come into the market, the ultimate market 
also grows. The product that we are talking about is in a certain segment, which 
is a multi-billion-dollar segment, and this product is still USD 600-700 million. 
Hence, there is huge potential/headroom for growth in the years to come, even 
when there will be generic competition. And we, being one of the major 
suppliers and manufacturers for the last almost 8-9 years, strongly believe that 
there will be a strong position that we as a Company will have, that is the fourth 
point.  
The fifth important point for us to appreciate is that PI is not a one-product 
Company. As we have already explained a few times, PI has a diversified 
portfolio. in export, we have more than 20-22 products, and every year, 5-6 
products are getting commercialized, and these products are now driving 
growth for the business and the Company. Even in this quarter, more than 60% 
growth is contributed by some of these new projects which were 
commercialized in the last 2-3 years. And going forward also the growth will be 
driven by many of these newly commercialized products. With our diversified 
portfolio in ag chem and other speciality chemicals, e.g. electronic chemicals, 
the sheer revenue and the margin risks articulated in that news item are highly 
exaggerated. I hope this answers your question. 
Amarnath: 
My second question is with respect to your diversification towards this pharma 
business. As your results show that the growth is quite robust, just to get an 
idea, how quickly you have a plan to make this pharma business quite a bigger 
part of the total revenue pie? Say, at the moment it is quite small. Without going 
to the detailed guidance which you may not be able to give, just to give an idea, 
this diversification drive which you just started a few years back, how quickly it 
could get a momentum to make certain material difference at your profitability 
level? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Right, this diversification drive we have been working on for some time. In our 
exports, close to 30%-35% of our new enquiries and new projects that we are 
commercializing, are coming from non-Agchem areas. Besides, our 
diversification into pharma will also balance the overall business segmentation 
and business growth. Our objective is over the next 4-5 years, more than 20%-
25% of our Company's revenue should be from non-AgChem areas including 
pharma as well as our portfolio of non-AgChem in our CSM exports. We are 
progressing well in that direction.  
Amarnath: 
This 20%-25% contribution by how many years, sir – 3-4 years? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
4-5 years as I said. 
Amarnath: 
Because of these red seas related problem and the shipping disturbance, 
which is happening, is your Company getting impacted due to this which can 
create problems for the transportation and exporting to the US side? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
There is certainly some impact in shipments to Europe and the US. And 
accordingly, the supplies are being planned. Obviously, costs have increased 
on some of these shipments, which have also been discussed and accordingly 
shared with our customers.  
Amarnath: 
The incremental costs relating to this, will you be able to pass on to the 
customer or it will add on to your expenditure? 

 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
PI External 
Rajnish Sarna: 
No, in most cases this will be passed on because this is the general 
understanding we have with our customers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Generally, I understand that we have a calendar year contract. So, when we 
had our negotiations during the last few months, how has been the mood from 
the global agrochem players in terms of the volume lift up for this calendar year, 
are there any delays that we are experiencing or they are still in wait and watch 
mode, any comments on that? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
That varies from product to product, but generally, we have not seen any 
significant change. With the kind of products that we are working with our 
global customers, we have seen good momentum and effort in finalizing the 
businesses for the next campaign. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The second question is on pharma bit. There are 3 sub-questions. One is the 
one-time development expenditure, is it over or will it continue? The second 
thing is in terms of the EBITDA and EBIT difference, there will be an interest 
cost. So, how do we justify, given that we have cash on our books, why this 
interest is being paid? And a third thing is we have also shown the segmental 
results for last year same quarter. So, what was the pharma segment during 
that time? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Regarding your first question, yes, development spend may continue for a 
quarter or two because we are still trying to optimize things. Regarding your 
second question, I think it would be good if you connected with our finance 
team for these line items. What was your third question, please? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, last year same quarter also, we have given the bifurcation in terms of 
segmental data. Last year I understand, we did not have pharma. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
In the 3rd quarter of last year, we had no pharma. If you see in the investor 
presentation, close to 10% is coming from pharma and the remaining 13% from 
our AgChem exports. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from line of Vishnu Kumar from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Over the last 3 years, we have more or less doubled our CSM with limited 
CAPEX. I mean, annualizing Rs. 300-400 crore. Going forward, as we look for 
a similar run rate of growth, is this the CAPEX similar numbers or we have 
maxed out wherever efficiencies can and we need to invest a bit more CAPEX, 
just some understanding on this? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
I am not too sure about your number of Rs. 300-400 crore capex. I think it 
would have been more in the earlier years as there is always a lead and lag in 
CAPEX investment and revenue realisation. So, whatever revenue growth you 
have seen in the last few years has also come from the investments or CAPEX 
that we would have made two years back. But having said, yes, we have taken 
many initiatives to continuously improve the existing facilities' throughput. I 
think in the last couple of years, we have made a 10%-15% capacity 
enhancement through improvements in our capacity throughput every year. 
Going forward, as I indicated to the earlier participant, we anticipate close to 
Rs. 800-odd crore CAPEX every year while we will surely be working on further 
throughput improvement through technologies such as flow chemistry, etc., we 

 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
PI External 
are already commercializing a few products and I believe that will also help us 
further improve our overall asset turn business. Atul, you may want to add 
something to what I have already said. 
Atul Gupta: 
The major focus is on the investment in the technologies in the coming years, 
and of course we have been continuously working on our capacity utilization 
of our existing assets by way of improving the efficiency plan and that is where 
10%-15% capacity is being improved on every year basis. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
In one of the previous participant's question on margin, you highlighted that we 
settle around 25%-26% on EBITDA margin. This quarter if we look at the gross 
margins, there seems to be some significant improvement and obviously our 
overhead investments have led to a slightly lower EBITDA as compared to 
what the gross margin is. So, looking ahead, when you say 25%-26%, do you 
expect some pricing cuts from the customers as you go forward in the next 
year or the investments and overheads will keep you at 25%-26%, because 
optically it looks like this number can be even more at the current gross level? 
Rajnish Sarna: 
We don't anticipate any reduction, but it is also to do with product mix, it is also 
to do with development spending that we believe we would be making not only 
into pharma space but even in agchem, biologicals and areas. Therefore, we 
suggest considering 25%-26% rather than being speculative basis of 1-2 
quarter results. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
The tax rate guidance if you can give for this year and next year? 
M Viswanathan: 
This year will be around 14%-15%. Next year may be in a similar range, but 
we need to confirm. We will confirm in the next quarter. 
Vishnu Kumar: 
Versus this 25% normative rate, when will we be having the delta from 14%-
15%, will you catch up for the next 2-3 years or this 14%-15% will continue for 
at least couple of years? 
M Viswanathan: 
That will continue at least for one more year. But as I said, we need to confirm 
that as there are other computations. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Rajnish Sarna: 
Thank you, gentlemen for joining on this call. We really appreciate your 
continued interest and support in this growth journey of PI. Thank you so much 
and have a good day. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender 
takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. 
 
 
