Ref: SEC/SE/2023-24
Date:February 5, 2024
To,
Corporate Relations Department
BSE Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001
^?AA^-
^
^
^ur
India Ltd.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No. C/l, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra(E),Mumbai-400051
BSE Scrip Code: 500096
NSE Scrip Symbol: DABUR
Sub: Transcript of Investors' Conference Call for Dabur India Limited -
Q3 FY 2023-24 Financial Results
DearSir/Madam,
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Investors'
Conference Call organized on January 31, 2024 post declaration of Financial Results for the
quarter and nine months ended 31st December 2023. The said transcript is also available on
the website of the Company at www.dabur.com.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For Dabur India Limited
-^^<-, -
EVP (Finance) and Company Secretary
End:as above
^
DABUR INDIA LIMITED, Punjabi Bhawan, 10. Rouse Avenue, New Delhi-110 002, Tel.: +91 11 71206000 Fax:+91 11 23222051
Regd. Office: 8/3. AsafAli Road, New Delhi -110 002 (India)
PAN: AAACD0474C, CIN: L24230DL1975PLC007908, Email: corpcomm@dabur.com, Website: www.dabur.com
ASHOK 
KUMAR 
JAIN
Digitally signed by ASHOK KUMAR JAIN 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=110092, st=DELHI, 
street=EAST DELHI, l=EAST DELHI, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=ecb3e1fdc2a028c70333c2d10a7e
968110c5d0645b352ed6dfd1bc6aad8147b3, 
pseudonym=459e115d99c240908ca599222de2
db9e, 
2.5.4.20=08443b3bbbcf5f80cd46cc26add8b8bd
d652ffd20caa6b7340b03564e4b39dfa, 
email=ASHOK.JAIN@DABUR.COM, cn=ASHOK 
KUMAR JAIN 
Date: 2024.02.05 15:45:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Dabur India Limited Q3 FY24 Investors Conference Call” 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
MR. MOHIT MALHOTRA - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ANKUSH JAIN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ASHOK JAIN - EVP (FINANCE) & COMPANY SECRETARY 
MRS. GAGAN AHLUWALIA - VP (CORPORATE AFFAIRS) 
MR. N. KRISHNAN - DGM(FINANCE) 
 
 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the management of Dabur India 
Limited, I welcome you to the Earnings Conference Call pertaining to Results for the Quarter 
Ended 31st December 2023. 
Present here with me are Mr. Mohit Malhotra - Chief Executive Officer, Dabur India Limited; 
Mr. Ankush Jain - Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Ashok Jain - EVP (Finance) and Company 
Secretary, and Mr. N. Krishnan – DGM (Finance). 
At the outset, we will have an overview of the company’s performance by Mr. Mohit Malhotra 
and that will be followed by a Q&A session. I now hand it over to Mr. Mohit. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Thank you, ma’am. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for 
the results call of Quarter 3 Financial Year ‘24. 
FMCG sector continued to witness year-on-year improvement in volume growth, although there 
were pockets of stress due to liquidity issues and late winters. In fact, the pricing decelerated, as 
price increases started to come into the base and growth was largely led by volumes.  
Dabur’s consolidated revenue grew by 9.6% in constant currency terms and 7% in INR terms to 
reach INR 3,255 crores. This was driven by 6% volume growth in India FMCG business 
including Badshah. International business grew by 11.7% in constant currency terms. 
Talking about the categories: 
HPC portfolio recorded a 7% growth during the quarter. Oral Care portfolio grew by 8% led by 
volume growth of 5%. The herbal segment in the toothpaste category outpaced the non-herbal 
segment by almost 200 bps, now reaching 31%. The Home Care category grew by around 7%, 
which was led by double-digit growth, Odomos with a gain of 1067 bps in MRC category, taking 
our market share up to 65.2%. Odonil brand continued to outperform the category with an 
increase in market share of 180 bps. Hair Care recorded mid-single digit growth and our market 
share in Hair Oil improved by 140 bps to reach 17.1%. 
The Healthcare portfolio recorded 3% growth for the full year CAGR, YTD of 8.3%. We gained 
market share across the health supplement portfolio with Chyawanprash gaining 151 bps and 
Dabur Honey recording a 33-bps improvement during the quarter. The Digestives category saw 
15% growth on the back of strong performance of Hajmola franchise. 
Within the OTC portfolio, Lal Tail, Health juices and Shilajit performed very well, while 
Honitus had a muted performance in the quarter due to delayed winters. Our therapeutic portfolio 
is performing well and is on track.  
In F&B portfolio, beverage business saw growth of around 7% during the quarter. The newly 
acquired Badshah business saw a growth of 33% driven by focused marketing efforts and a 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
rejuvenated brand portfolio. We remain committed to exiting the year with the run rate of Rs. 
500 crores from our foods portfolio including Badshah.  
We continue to drive our distribution expansion initiatives. Our direct reach stands at 1.42 
million outlets and should increase to 1.5 million outlets by the end of the fiscal year. Village 
coverage is at strong 1.17 lakh villages, being heavily supported by more than 18,700 Yodhas 
across the country.  Edge Score, which is the marker of the efficiency of the distribution 
continues to see improvement and has been further improved by around 15% in the quarter.  
I am pleased to inform you that the Board of Directors have approved capital expenditure of Rs. 
135 crores for setting up a Greenfield plant in South India for capacity expansion of Toothpaste, 
Odonil, and Honey. This will enable us to enhance our presence in the South and add to our 
growth in this region. 
Now, coming to our International Business: 
With moderation in inflation and distribution changes, the international business registered a CC 
growth of 11.7% during the quarter. This was driven by MENA region growing at 14.3%, Egypt 
business growing at 43% and Turkey business growing at 43.8%. Our focus on innovation and 
consumer centric strategies has enabled us to gain market shares across categories and countries. 
Coming to the consolidated profit during the quarter: 
Our gross margin saw a healthy expansion of 310 bps as we saw material deflation during the 
quarter. In line with our stated strategy, we have increased our A&P investments by around 36% 
in the quarter. We believe these media investments are essential to drive long-term sustainable 
growth and maintain our market leadership. 
The consolidated operating profit recorded a growth of 9.5% with 50 bps improvement in the 
operating margins and Consolidated PAT grew by 8%. Excluding the exceptional legal costs, 
our operating profit grew by 13% with 120 bps expansion in the operating margins. On a like-
to-like basis, our consolidated PAT increased by 15%. Overall, while the demand scenario is 
still challenging, we are cautiously optimistic about the future. We will continue to drive 
profitable growth across our business verticals backed by investments in our distribution 
network, brands, manufacturing, digital and organizational capabilities. 
With this, I will conclude by address and open the floor for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Mihir Shah from Nomura 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, firstly on the Hair Oil and Oral Care portfolio, in Hair Oils, Dabur’s performance seems to 
be better while in Oral Care, the value growth now is in line with the market leader, can you 
share what is working for us in the Hair Oil portfolio and can this outperformance continue while 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
in Oral, what steps can be taken to get growth back to a higher trajectory? Is pricing growth 
under consideration? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We have a strong performance in the Hair Oil. We have gained market share of 140 bps, and 
this is a secular growth in all the sub-segments for Hair Oils, I think whether it is coconut oils, 
perfume oils, cooling oil across the board we gained the market shares leading to substantial 
improvement in our market performance. So, if you look at the Amla portfolio, even perfumed 
oils have also grown, we have gained market share. Sarson Amla has also done well. Coconut 
oils have also registered 50 bps gain in the market shares for us. So, overall, while the primary 
sales growth is at 4.5%, our secondary business actually improved further on, and we think the 
traction will continue. At the end of the day, we have only around 16%-17% market share. We 
see headroom of roughly around 80%-85% of the business there for us. Dabur is doing great in 
Hair Oils and we are pivoting one thing that we are slow in Hair Oils in terms of premiumization. 
We are stepping the pedal on the premiumization in Hair Oils also and trying to plug the gaps 
wherever we are not present. In the last year, we closed the gap with cooling oil with launch of 
Cool King and Cool King has attained the relative market share of around 3 to 4%. If the coming 
summer is great, I think we will again ramp up our cooling portfolio. Ayurvedic Hair Oil which 
we launched in South India is also showing traction and we are launching premium variants on 
e-commerce and on modern trade. That is as far as Hair Oil is concerned. As far as Shampoo is 
concerned in Hair Care, category is growing by 3%, we are growing by around 11%, thereby 
substantial market share gains there. Our sachet portfolio has gained substantial ground in rural 
driven by distribution and in modern trade and e-commerce our large packs are continuing to do 
well. As far as Oral Care is concerned, our growth is 8% backed by volume growth of 5% as 
compared to the competitor where it is only 2%. So, therefore we are substantially increasing 
our penetration. We are the number 2 brand in the country now after the market leader and we 
placated the #2 player who happens to be a very big player. We plugged the gap in Oral Care 
also in terms of Gel. Bae Fresh gel is what we launched in a couple of months back and that has 
notched up turnover around Rs. 17 crores and gained the market share of about 1% to 1.5% in 
the Gel category. So, we are also looking at plugging the gaps through the other parts of our 
portfolio, such as Dabur Herbal which continues to do well, growing ahead of the curve. So, we 
have grown around 8.8% as far as the toothpaste is concerned and Meswak we have registered 
a double-digit growth on the back of market share gains. So, our herbal portfolio still a lot of 
work needs to be done there. There we test marketed ourselves in the South of India and we will 
be sending our Herbal toothpaste portfolio across India also. That is as far as the Oral Care 
portfolio is concerned. The penetration of the Herbal category has actually gone up in the market 
and I think on the back of that tailwind, we will continue to ramp up our Herbal Care franchise 
as well. 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, my second question is on the Healthcare portfolio, can one expect the late onset of winter 
benefit 4Q sales or will the inventory in the channel be sufficed to take care of the demand? And 
can you also talk about the progress in the therapeutic initiatives that we had called out earlier? 
What kind of incremental sales can be expected and from when can we expect that, sir? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, there is not much implication on the weather as well as the Hair Care portfolio is concerned. 
So, I think Hair Care winter is muted, so we feel that Hair Care trajectory of double digit 
secondary growth for us will actually continue going forward and we will continue to surge 
ahead of the category growth rate and gain market share as far as Hair Care is concerned and 
focus on the potential there, like I told you, 80% market is still there. In Shampoos, our market 
share is only 7% and around 93% of the market is there for us to take and the herbal categories 
or tailwind on back of that we continue gain shares in Shampoos and also Hair Oils. So, if the 
summer is good and Hair Care for skewed for us since the summer is good, I think the business 
will turn up well, but our strategy doesn't change. I think as far as Amla is concerned our strategy 
is to have flanker brands but our core brandis Dabur Amla and create moats around that and be 
present in terms of pack price architecture on all price points of Hair Oils. As far as therapeutic 
portfolio is concerned, we created this division for the advocacy, which is also selling the 
products and it has grown by around 14.8%, around 15% growth of therapeutic portfolio which 
is driven by Baby Care, our branded ethical division and also our pharmaceutical division by 
which we go to the dermatologist. So, that is trending well and doing well. 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, I was asking for health supplement, the Healthcare, not the Hair Care, sir, the late onset of 
winter on Health supplement healthcare portfolio? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
No, my mistake, so yes, health supplement business definitely got impacted because the winters 
have been little muted, contracted and also delayed, so all the three factors in the winter impacted 
our Health Supplement portfolio. Basically, Chyawanprash and Honey as we categorize in it. 
Chyawanprash did get impacted and therefore the growth was very muted. We had a flat growth 
as well as Chyawanprash is concerned. So, that we put in the store, but one good thing what is 
happening is that the winter is getting delayed. So, whatever stocks that we put out there to the 
stock is going to get now lifted in the marketplace and the STRs will get liquidated. The winter 
is getting delayed, and offtakes will happen, while the trade will not take more stock. So, the 
growth will be what the growth is in Quarter 3, but the offtakes will happen going forward in 
the quarter 4 for us. So, I think flushing out of inventory will happen there. As far as Honey is 
concerned, we have seen 11% growth. As far as Honey is concerned, in terms of penetration of 
the category, Honey category is doing well and we are ahead of the pre-COVID category growth 
levels also and it has stabilized. We have gained market shares in Honey by around 33 basis 
points, and it is doing extremely well for us. So, all the new players who made an entry in the 
Honey category have been placated by Dabur Honey, and we continue to make good progress 
on Honey and the category is also growing well as far as Honey is concerned. We are looking at 
modernizing Honey. We have launched premium variants in Honey called Organic Honey, 
Forest Honey, Sundarbans Honey, etc., they are all getting good traction in the marketplace. 
They is also squeezy brand with multiple SKUs around the marketplace which is facilitating the 
breakfast usage from medicinal usage to breakfast usage. Our glucose portfolio is also fine. 
Glucose has also increased market share although winter not being the right season for glucose 
consumption for us. So, that is the health supplement portfolio for you. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Mihir Shah: 
Sir, one last bookkeeping question, adjusting for the Rs. 22 crores of one off of legal cost and 
other expenses, the cost has still gone up, is there any additional cost or will this be the new 
normal going forward? 
Ankush Jain: 
Just to clarify excluding the legal expenses, increase in other cost is 10%. But if you seeat times 
phasing of certain expenses can happen, but if you see YTD excluding legal costs our other 
expenses has grown by only 4%. 
Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities 
Abneesh Roy: 
My question is on Shampoo business, it is your star category within your mix, so 11% Y-o-Y 
growth and 15% CAGR over 4 years. I wanted to understand is pricing a big component of this 
both on Y-o-Y and 4-year CAGR basis and in terms of the naturals within Shampoo, how would 
that move within the last four years because the growth seems much stronger than the industry 
growth rate of 15% CAGR over the last four years? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, I think we have been sustainably growing so I am commenting upon the recovery. I think it 
is sustainable enduring growth that we have shown quarter-on-quarter. There is no recovery here 
as such. Just commenting on your choice of words., As far as Shampoo is concerned all the 
Shampoo business, yes, our growth has been industry beating growth of around 11% and the 
growth coming on back of both rural and also urban. In rural, our sachet distribution has actually 
gone up and because of sachet distribution, I think this growth has come because we put ahead 
of the curve rural distribution network and infrastructure. We are actually riding the 
infrastructure and that is where the growth is coming. So, sachets are quite sensitive to your 
point and we are maintaining the pricing. There is no price growth here. It is more volume 
growth, the entire growth is volume growth as far as sachet is concerned. Now coming to bottle, 
bottle is more modern trade and e-commerce phenomena. We are introducing premium 
ingredients in our shampoo which we think will…it is early days for us to comment, but I think 
premium portfolio in bottles should be driving pricing growth. As far as our regular bottle is 
concerned, we are driving bottles which is very low, 20% of our overall portfolio and which is 
continuously growing and gaining market share in modern trade and e-commerce. So, that is as 
far as and there is a huge headroom in Shampoos to your point because our market share is only 
7% here. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
And herbal category is still very small. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
And herbal category is strong with the higher growth rate as compared to the non-herbal category 
here also which is basically mirroring the Oral Care. Oral Care, the herbal category is around 
30% and we feel in shampoo also it has potential to go up to around 30-31% the way it is as far 
as Oral Care business in shampoo. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second question is on Oral Care. So, when I compare market leaders performance in Q3, 
they claim to have grown double digits in toothpaste with the low single digit volume growth, 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
which implies almost high single digit price plus mix growth, so if you could tell us what kind 
of price plus mix growth you would have seen in toothpaste? And second, when I compare your 
portfolio and toothpaste versus the market leader, clearly, in Premiumization you would need 
much more products. I do understand the gel, red toothpaste etc., but if you see consumer in 
terms of the market leader, the options in terms of sensitive whitening and so many products, 
would you also now need to think beyond the normal way which you are thinking say naturals 
being extended to gel etc., that is good, but is that enough from a 3-5 years perspective from a 
premium kind of a market share? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, I think very well articulated, Abneesh you are absolutely right. As far as the first part of your 
question is concerned, volume and value, we have grown 8% in terms of value, which seems 
equivalent to the market leader, but our volume growth has been 5% implying that we have a 
3%  advantage as far as Oral Care is concerned. And going forward, we would want to drive our 
volume and increase our penetration levels, which is the strategy for the core that we do. But 
premiumization and trying to plug the gaps where market leader is paving the way, I think that 
is the way and also identifying more gaps in the premiumization is what we would follow. You 
will see that change as far as Dabur’s portfolio is concerned. So, we are working on the same 
and trying to capture those premiumization in the segments, which includes widening, which 
includes 21.20, which includes gum, which includes sensitive etc., so our four-year CAGR is 
around 11% in Oral Care, and we have been growing ahead of the category and we feel natural 
as a sub segment is growing 200 basis points ahead of the non-natural. That tailwind is there and  
natural plus identified benefit is the way to go in the market. That is what…you will see those 
changes in the next 2 to 5 years. Five years is a long period. I think in the next year, you will see 
a couple of initiatives from our side. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, last question is on Badshah, so Q2 Y-o-Y growth was 16%, which has jumped now to 33% 
that is a sharp acceleration, but there is a sharp inflation also in spices, so this good recovery in 
terms of growth number, how much is because of pricing and in terms of exports and going 
beyond the two states, what is the status on that? 
Ankush Jain: 
In terms of volume, volume is close to 20-22% and balance is pricing, 9 to 10% and currently it 
is primarily in two states, a bit of export we have started. There is still alignment going on with 
certain countries, but most of this growth, I would say 90% of this growth is coming from organic 
sales states only, as of now.There are plans to expand it to other geographies and we are aligning 
our route to market with the current setup. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, just to add to what Ankush has just said, I think huge vectors of growth possible in Badshah, 
and first of all, as you know, spice is very customized to different region. So, today we are only 
relegated to the western region and there is a potential of enhancing the portfolio from the 
western region relevant product portfolio to more North driven to South driven which is what 
we guys are working in terms of portfolio expansion. Then distribution expansion - we are only 
limited to Gujarat and Maharashtra. I think going forward we will extend ourselves to adjoining 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
states which is what the plan is to extend it to Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan also. We will 
extend distribution there and leverage the Dabur distribution and expand our distribution reach. 
The third vector is international business. International business to your question has a good 
potential. Currently it is 5-6% of Badshah sales and going forward it can go up to almost 30%. 
So, the potential is there. Therefore gradually, slowly, we will be inching up our international 
business. We are in the process of regulatorily confirming our portfolio to go to markets like US 
and UK as a regulatory conformance is in place and we have GMP practices. We will start 
exporting and the demand is there, but we are not able to export there. Then, the fourth vector is 
our gaps in our  pack price architecture. We have gaps in our portfolio in terms of Rs. 5, Rs. 10 
packs. I think that has to be plugged also. And then the fifth vector is advertising and demand 
generation. We have barely done advertising on the western and regional channels. National we 
have not even started advertising the brand. So, huge growth potential and we see in the category 
is very big. Our market shares are in the range of around 2-3%. So, I think there is huge headroom 
to grow there. 
Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs 
Arnab Mitra: 
I read the comment on your release which talks about rural growing ahead of urban by 200 bps, 
this is kind of obviously a bit contrary to what we have heard from other companies. If you could 
just help us understand, is it specific to you because of initiatives or there are certain categories 
where you are seeing rural grow ahead of urban and how do you see this pan out? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, I think Arnab that is specific to us, so our rural growth is in the range of around 6-6.5% as 
compared to urban which is around 3.8% which consolidates to around 5% growth.it is growing 
on back of our initiatives are being taken on back of building infrastructure and our reach in 
terms of distribution points have moved up from 100,000 to 1,17,000 villages. We have added 
around 7,000 Yoddhas in past quarter and overall, our Yoddha network has gone up to around 
18,700 Yoddhas now. So, I think the playbook for seeding or infrastructure investment in the 
rural is well on way. As far as direct reach is also concerned, our direct reach has moved up by 
2 lakhs, the highest in the FMCG sector and direct plus indirect as far as the reach is concerned. 
So, around 2 lakh outlet reach has increased. So, that is tremendous. I think a lot of execution 
has been done and then to leverage this infrastructure that we built, we have also curated a rural 
portfolio, which is accessible price points in all our power brands, so which creates, which is 
like a portfolio for people to carry in the rural and that has also helped the rural growth to surpass 
the urban growth for our case. But it may sound that urban growth is muted, but both are urban 
and rural growth is ahead of the category growth. Even in urban areas we have actually increased 
market share and our growths are higher than the FMCG growth in urban in our respective 
category. There it is up by 100 basis points and rural it is up by 400 basis points from our 
subscribed category growth rates. So, that is where we are. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Arnab Mitra: 
And just a follow up on that sir, this rural expansion that you have done, do you see this as a 
continuum where you continue to expand over the next few years or with this expansion, you 
now take a pause and try to get more throughput and use this infrastructure better? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, not really, I think we are on a path to only expand the distribution, there is a huge headroom 
and a lot of FMCG big boys are actually paving the way and showing us, the best-in-class 
examples and we have to just follow those examples and not much brain work happens here. So, 
there are 6 lakh villages, we are barely reaching out to 1.10 lakh villages, we have targeted 
ourselves to go up for 1.2 lakh villages going forward. Next year it will be 1.3. So, we will keep 
adding the number of villages here and the Yodha network and the playbook like I was saying 
is already in place for us. Portfolio has been curated, so we will be adding the price points in the 
portfolio to leverage because Rs. 5 is now Rs. 10, Rs. 10 is now Rs. 20, so the pricing ladder has 
to be created for the rural and that is what we are looking at which helps us increase the 
penetration. So, this journey will continue in the rural growth. And there is no question of taking 
a pause and consolidating the rural. I think expansion will be the name of the game in India and 
across geographies whether, even for South and I think there is a huge potential to grow. 
Arnab Mitra: 
And my last question is on margins. So, in the last two years, we have seen the fourth quarter 
margins suddenly to be much lower than the first 9 months because of probably some phasing 
in other expenses, so just wanted to understand, like your first 9 months EBITDA margin has 
been 20% despite the legal cost being there, is there any reason to believe this margin would be 
much lower in the fourth quarter because of phasing or the last two years for aberrations? 
Because this change wasn't there in the previous pre-COVID period as we have seen? 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes, so I think first of all, you can't see sequentially our margins. The margins are in our business 
pretty seasonal. The last quarter is heavier on certain product mix and hence it is lower. So, it 
can't be 20% even in Q4 and if you see our 3-4 years trajectory that has been the case. Q4 margins 
are the least while Q3 are the highest because we have Healthcare portfolio and so on and also 
some bit of expense phasing might happen, but I would summarize by saying that the expansion 
in margins will continue albeit at a slightly faster pace in Q4. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, and one of the reasons what Ankush alluded to is because of the seasonality, I think our 
food business becomes more salient because summer loading happens, so the consumption of 
food beverages happens there. That is why there is a little bit of lower margins, but upside on 
margins will continue the way you have seen in Quarter 3 because the raw material prices 
continue to be benign. We have already given you guidance of around 19.5 margin and any 
upside in gross margin will be deployed into media. We continue to do the same and make all 
of the efforts to reach to 19.5% margin despite the legal cost hitting up of around $10 million 
which is what the legal cost in YTD. It might go up to around 10-12 million actually. So, despite 
the legal cost, we are making all our efforts to reach around 19.5. 
 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Harit Kapoor from Investec 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just have two questions. I just wanted to get your sense on what is your prognosis and we were 
given almost 46% of the India portfolio is there, yourself are doing well, but the market as a 
whole has continued to be challenging. In the last one year most of the comments of FMCG 
companies have suggested that recovery is likely, maybe near to medium term, but it hasn't really 
come about, where do you think are the top two or three key indicators there that can turn to 
make this slightly more full-fledged recovery in the rural market, just wanted to get your thought 
on that? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, I will try to answer the question. So, please interrupt me in case I don't answer your question. 
I think the rural if you look at the rural, it got impacted and if you look at the FMCG, growth in 
urban and rural, rural actually has gone down in the past two quarters now. And I think my 
hypothesis or my prognosis is that it has gone down because food inflation has started once again 
or has not abated. So, if you get fruits, vegetables, spices, cereals, etc. we have seen inflation 
pick up in the range of around double digits now and when it is rural, per capita incomes are 
lower, the incomes are skewed towards consumption of essentials and therefore discretionaries 
gets impacted and that is why there is a slowdown. We have given a very contrarian sort of 
results because of the initiatives that are spoken to Abneesh’s question because of village 
expansion, our outlet expansion, our portfolio creation, that is why we could beat to what the 
market is saying. But that said, there is a year-on-year growth as far as the rural is concerned. 
That, I think, is a positive sign. If you look at the sentiment, consumer sentiment in the market 
where rural plays a very big part, that is improving, that is in the region of around 90% and 
elections are approaching. I think there will be a lot of government investment which will happen 
on infrastructure which will help rural and also some dole outs should be given by the 
government to the rural which will only increase the disposable income for the rural pick-up to 
happen.  But the gap, one very positive sign that I have seen once again is and the prognosis is 
that the gap between the urban and rural is reducing for last three quarters. We saw a gap between 
urban and rural of 800 basis points, it got reduced to 600, to 400. Now it is only 200 basis points, 
if you see. That is the difference. So, as the gap narrows between urban and rural with price 
going up, I think rural recovery is imminent to happen in the country but for one or two quarters. 
We will see the rural recovery is on way and election I think will only help the rural recovery 
and also will help the urban. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And one short question, you have dealt with this legal issue for the last two quarters, at least a 
few months now, just wanted to get your sense on where we are here and any visibility on how 
long we may have to kind of deal with these three quarters, six quarters, eight quarters, any sense 
on that? 
Ankush Jain: 
So, Harit, I think it has been now two-three quarters, while our teams have been in engagement 
with the lawyers. They have been in the middle of discovery phases, discussions with the 
lawyers, etc., but one or two positive news I can share. The courts have decided on corporate 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
separateness, which means that the case is now restricted only to products sold in US by Namaste 
Legal Entity. So, any of the Dabur affiliate or Dabur products are out of the scope of this case, 
which means it impacts way less than 1% of our turnover any which way, and it is only restricted 
to US as of now, and not for products sold anywhere else in the world. And even Namaste 
products sold outside of US are outside the purview of the legal entity. That is a positive 
development while we are still in discussion and some bit of relief we have.  
Sheela Rathi from Morgan Stanley 
Sheela Rathi: 
Just extending to the previous question on the litigation related issue, just want to be sure that 
with respect to the legal cost, is there any change in terms of how we should see the impact on 
the P&L, at least for the next 3-4 quarters? 
Ashok Jain: 
We have in the recent past changed our lawyers. Earlier we had one of the lawyers whose fees 
were much higher than the present lawyers whereas in the effectiveness of the two lawyers, they 
are as competitive as the earlier ones and the cost with effect from say October onwards has 
already reduced. And we do not see that the same cost will be there in the financial year 24-25. 
It will be lower than what has been in this current financial year, 2023-2024. 
Sheela Rathi: 
If you could just give us some idea as to how much that would be? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
As you see, roughly we are spending roughly around Rs. 20 crores is the cost that we people are 
incurring, so that cost will remain for the time till the case actually is lasting, but we already 
have product liability insurance in place. This cost is pertaining that we are incurring is 
pertaining to the lawyer fees, which is what we are incurring from our pocket, but any cost that 
comes in as outcome of the final judgment of the case, just in case, it comes will be covered by 
the insurance and we have a product liability insurance in place for that. 
Ashok Jain: 
And even on that I will add to what Mr. Malhotra said, the legal costs are also covered under the 
insurance policy. Currently to be on the conservative side, we have provided the full legal cost 
and whatever recovery we will have from the insurance company that will be as a profit to the 
company. 
Sheela Rathi: 
My second question again is a repeat on rural trends. Mohit, I just want to understand, are there 
specific markets for us, I believe particularly North India, which have been doing well for us? Is 
there any particular insight you could give us for us to believe that this trend will continue even 
going ahead? I understand the distribution expansion which we are talking about and a rural 
portfolio which we have created, but is there anything more detailed which you can help us to 
understand that this quarter we have seen 6% growth, and this is the gap we should continue to 
believe that it will continue even going into the ongoing quarter as well as the next? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, as far as the geographical mix, Sheela is concerned, I think our stronghold remains North 
India and East India. So, in East India and North India, which is also a rural salient kind of 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
geography, there we have made substantial progress in terms of our tentacles expanded and our 
footprint expanding here in the rural and that has actually given us the good growth. That said, 
even on back of Badshah distribution and now Badshah and Dabur is going into rural West, I 
think on back of that, we are saying the rural actually reached the people in West. South was a 
little not so great for Dabur because we don't have that kind of a brand to begin a strength in 
South. So, that apart, but the major part of the business, South only contributes to approximately 
20% of our business, 80% of the business comes from the other parts of India, where our rural 
distribution coupled with our brand equity and coupled with our portfolio creation has really 
worked well for us. And also advertising that we have increased by around 30% in India, helped 
offtakes to happen in the pan India Hindi belt so we say. So, I think it is more UP, MP, Bihar, 
Rajasthan, Maharashtra, I think that entire belt is pretty salient for us now there. I hope I have 
been able to address this. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And just the third question and the final one is with respect to us gaining a very strong market 
share with respect to the Odomos and Odonil portfolio and if we could also touch upon LVP 
(liquid vaporizer), it would be very helpful. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Sorry, Odomos, Odomos is the last half of the question I couldn’t gather? 
Sheela Rathi: 
I saw that brand name on the presentation. I think that's your liquid vaporizer. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
LVP, I get you. So, the earlier strategy for the business was to keep us as restricted to Odomos 
personal application product cream, which was the product application, dermatology application 
and we have changed our strategy from not just restricting to a small market of personal 
application creams, to increasing the addressable market to the larger market. That is where we 
have extended Odomos from a personal application cream to oils now, to gels now, to also now 
LVPs now. So, as far as Odomos is concerned, it is a mosquito repellent for us and that is the 
market that we are addressing. So, it is like a HI market for us that we are expanding itself to. 
On the back of that strategy, I think premiumization is working on Odomos for us and also 
format extension. On back of that, there has been a huge growth and thousand bps gained in the 
personal application category because all these extensions are added back to the mother brand 
and the mother brand is adding back to the extensions also. So, it is working very virtuously for 
us. As far as Odonil is concerned, we are again doing the same thing in the air freshener category. 
We are extending ourselves to all the formats. Earlier, Dabur was only restricted to Odonil 
blocks, which are basically toilet air fresheners. Now we have extended ourselves to air 
fresheners for rooms. We have extended ourselves to gels. We very recently added a gel pocket 
in it, which has done exceedingly well. Zipper pouches have done well, so all our innovations 
are actually firing. We are looking at driving solutions also here. So, all back of all that, I think 
the business is really trending well. Our NPD in overall home care would be in the range of 
around 3 to 4%, but under the power brand architecture, we don’t require additional investment. 
So, when we advertise a new variant like an LVP, we have just taken Kajol on the brand, and I 
would request the investor team to share the creatives of Kajol with you on LVP also to the 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
entire community. That is really adding back to our Odomos. We have generated, it has just been 
around the three months that we launched it and we have generated a business of around Rs. 7.5 
to Rs. 8 crores on LVP and that is our strategy which is firing in the home care for us here. And 
in Odonil there is a pathway for premiumization to happen, we have also introduced diffusers. 
So, if you can go to Amazon, you will find Odonil diffusers now. They have got listed on 
Amazon, and that is the news that we got today. So, that will be very premium in adding to gross 
margin. Likewise, all our key power brands will have premiumization as we speak by value-
added products being introduced in them. 
Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
On slide 9, your comment is newly set up therapeutic division has reported double digit growth, 
so I think last time when we met it was a lot of excitement we have seen around, so maybe if 
you can give more color what is the depth, what is the distribution, what are the products which 
are firing and maybe more color on that what is more needed to do in that newly carved out 
divisions? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, Shirish, there is still a lot of excitement around it. As you know, Philippe has joined us, who 
has been appointed as the Chief Executive of Himalaya. I think the news becomes old, but the 
excitement still remains. So, I think there is no lack of excitement here. Philippe is driving the 
business very well. We have created this advocacy vertical in which we are actually creating a 
bridge from Dabur to the allopathic doctor. Till now our connect used to be the Ayurvedic doctor. 
The change of strategy is that we will now do advocacy to allopathic doctor. It is going to be a 
slow burn, but surely a good return business in the long term. In one or two, three years, we will 
be able to bridge the gap that we had between the doctor and Dabur and Dabur ought to be 
considered only as Ayurvedic, but as a scientific Ayurvedic organization selling and doing 
advocacy and providing science of efficacy to the allopathic doctors, which is one of the reasons 
why they don't subscribe to complementary or supplementary medications to allopathic 
medicines. So, that was the whole logic of the strategy of building this advocacy vertical. We 
merged our Pharma division with our branded ethical business and also our Baby Care business, 
so all the three have been clubbed together. We are selling therapeutic dermatology products 
here and we are selling Baby Care products, and we are selling our branded ethical products in 
addition to single herbs and nutraceuticals through this portfolio. This portfolio is doing very 
well. We have got growth of around 40-50% on us, whereas the division has just come in place 
and we are looking at incremental turnover coming from the two. 
Ankush Jain: 
So, I think, Shirish, almost Rs. 95 crores we have done so far in 9 months, 30-35 cr average per 
quarter. And YTD growth is almost 21% of the whole portfolio while Q3 is 14%, the YTD 
growth is 21%. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Ankush, on the margin front though Mohit has said that we will maintain between 19.5-20%, 
but at this point of time if I need to check which are the raw materials looking inflationary or 
maybe if you can say that how much is the deflation which you are seeing? 
Ankush Jain: 
So, in the current quarter in India we have almost 4% odd of deflation while global level we had 
2% deflation. Going forward, while the mix of inflation is changing, it is moving. The 
inflationary trend is more towards food and imported concentrates etc. and spices. While we see 
that this should remain broadly this way at least in this quarter and the gross margin expansion, 
which was around 400 bps in India, consequently, should also remain slightly in this range, 
though it may moderate given that price increases overlap have broadly happened. 
Ankush Jain: 
And deflation will start coming into the base and most of the HPC categories, like mustard oil, 
oils, etc., LLP, most of the deflationary benefits have been come so far and some bit of it will 
remain in Q4  as well. Next year's budget we are still in the process of making, so it will be too 
early to say. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
That is helpful, Ankush, but I was just trying to understand if this is the stability which we are 
seeing, is there any room for price inflation next year we have budgeted? 
Ankush Jain: 
Price increase. Again, I think it is too early to comment on this point. Price increases, definitely 
will come. We continuously benchmarkour products with competition also. Wherever we are 
market leaders, we increase our prices plus as Mr. Mohit said, there will be a lot of 
premiumization opportunities as well. So, a combination of that will lead to some price increases, 
but yes, it will moderate. We have also taken roughly in this quarter, including the overlap, 
around 2.5% of MRP-led price increases. Part of it will also flow in the next quarter. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
What Ankur mentioned in addition to that, we have just taken a price increase on our foods 
portfolio, which is inflationary. So, in juice portfolio we have just taken a price increase, a fresh 
price increase. So, I think price increases going forward in the year will depend upon how the 
inflation is actually trending. If the inflation goes up in the food business then that portfolio will 
have a price increase. But as of now, for foods portfolio and spices portfolio, the rest of the raw 
material and the packaging material is benign for us. So, we will see expansion of gross margins 
on the back of the benign material cost. 
Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Just two small questions, firstly, on the e-commerce business, what has been the growth in 1H 
for the business and what is the contribution? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, e-commerce business in the current quarter, the contribution was around 8.5% and the 
growth is around 20% in e-commerce. This was a muted quarter as far as the quarter is 
concerned, but otherwise YTD you see contribution of around 9% to 9.5% coming from e-
commerce for us and the growth will be higher in the range of around 30%. 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Vishal Punmiya: 
And secondly, there have been a lot of media news regarding FMCG companies becoming 
slightly aggressive in terms of activations in the region of Ayodhya, and we have also launched 
spatial identification packs, but apart from 4Q benefit, do you see a sustainable benefit in FY25 
in this region? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Yes, Hindi Heartland is the core for Dabur, and this is like we invest behind power brands. These 
are our power markets. So, we will continue to invest behind our power markets, and they give 
us the maximum bank for the buck in these markets. And the entire UP belt, the East UP and 
West UP and East UP more, East UP and Bihar more have a very high salience of Dabur. So, 
we will continue to invest in our core markets. They are absolutely core for us and we feel that 
these activations will only give us a long-term enduring gain going forward. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
And this would be across the portfolio or is there any particular portfolio which is slightly more 
biased in this region? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
So, we are basically taking the power brands only. Within power brands, Our Red Toothpaste 
and Dabur Amla are the most salient because Chyawanprash and Honey becomes seasonal for 
us. In the power brand, this is more salient and juice saliency is also low in this region. So, it is 
basically the HPC portfolio which is more salient here. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
And lastly, just one clarification on the margins comment that you made earlier. so last year base 
obviously was a very low base quarter in terms of EBITDA margin in the region of around 15%. 
So, while I do understand that seasonally it is a lower margin quarter, but there would be a sharp 
increase in margin even if you build 19.5% margin in FY24? 
Ankush Jain: 
Vishal, it is the question of Q4. As I said earlier, you can see some margin expansion. Q4 
obviously is a different product profile and hence it is slightly lower than the overall first nine 
months margins. Having said that, our assessment at this point of time is that the expansion in 
margins would definitely be higher than what it has been in past nine months. So, if our 
expansion in margins, including the legal cost is 50 bps as of now. In quarter 4 it will be higher 
than that. 
Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital 
Priyank Chheda: 
Sir, my question is on the Ayurvedic or the therapeutic strategy that we had discussed while we 
met in the investor annual meet and I just want you to touch base upon the incremental sales that 
we were targeting, so from Rs. 2,500 crores to Rs. 5,000 crores, this is the incremental sales of 
Rs. 2,500 crores over 5 years, how will this be divided across the existing categories and also 
the new categories like Baby Care, Tea and the therapeutic, allopathic side? If you can help me 
on that, what has been the progress in terms of any numeric data that you would like to share 
that you would want us to track? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Ankush Jain: 
Right, so I think NPD contribution is innovation contribution, the growth will actually from the 
power brands because there you are already listing out the 4-5 power brands that you already 
have in the healthcare portfolio Like Honitus will drive the cough and cold, Hajmola will drive 
the digestives, Hajmola is there, Chyawanprash is there, Honey is there, these are the power 
brands and most of the growth will be centered around these power brands. NPD contribution 
will be in the range of around 3-5% is coming in, which will be driven by more Baby Care. Baby 
Care, we have already notched up a turnover of Rs. 27 odd crores, which is almost double of 
what we have done last year this time. So, that has done well for us. Then branded ethical 
division, which should contribute to the growth.  We have introduced Chai Tea. Dabur Vedic 
tea has introduced a turnover of around Rs. 10 odd crores and that is doing well and showing 
good traction in the marketplace. MFD is what we have introduced that should also come in and 
help us in the growth. The Nutraceutical verticals that we are adding to the therapeutic divisions 
is selling that and that should notch up in terms of sales and pretty much, so I think around 3.5% 
to 4% should come in from the NPD and rest will be the power brands in the healthcare portfolio 
should contribute to that growth in healthcare. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And if I heard it correctly, the therapeutic division is right now contributing Rs. 95 crores over 
the last 9 months, which means that we are at a run rate of Rs. 25-Rs. 30 crores per quarter, am 
I correct? 
Mohit Malhotra: 
Rs. 35 crores per quarter, correct. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And we had a team which was working with Philipe Haydon and the team, which was going to 
target the doctors, what is the count if you can help me with that? We had 500 people recruited 
for that and what has been the increase in doctor coverage? I mean numbers on that if you want 
to highlight. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
I think that the numbers have not changed significantly right now, but we are on the track of 
slowly increasing our coverage. We are right now consolidating the processes and the system. 
And by the end of the year, we will be able to give you a better update on where we stand on the 
coverage. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Does this mean that FY25 will have significant developments done on this whole of the 
therapeutic segment linked to the power brands? Should we see more developments happening 
and more action happening in FY25? 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Yes, certainly there will be new product launches, there will be ramp-ups of therapeutic division 
and of course a lot of investment behind power brands which will help us move towards our 
objectives for the next year. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And just a clarification again, on the Rs. 35 crores per quarter run rate or Rs. 100 crore sales via 
therapeutic segment are something which was not there in the previous years before we activated 
this new category or new segment, correct? 

 
Dabur India Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Ankush Jain: 
No, Priyank, it was in the base as well, but because of the enhanced focus, the growth has been 
around 20-21%. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Accelerated. 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes, it has accelerated our growth. So, it was in the base, and the growth has accelerated. 
Priyank Chheda: 
The sales were there in the base, but because it is going at 30%, so we should consider that it 
was earlier Rs. 70, Rs. 80 crores, which is now Rs. 100 crores? 
Ankush Jain: 
Yes, correct. 
Mohit Malhotra: 
We are reaching out to pediatricians, GPs, dermatologists and gynecologists. So, in the quarter, 
the number, if you want to know, 22,000 is the number of pediatricians we reach to and around 
12,000 are the dermats and around 22,000 are the gynecologists that we reach out to and that is 
what, so around 70,000-75,000 doctors broadly totaled is what we are reaching out to. And the 
universe is obviously very huge, so we are just scratching the surface and this we are reaching 
out with some additional recruitment and with the existing team. We will be adding personnel 
as the portfolio keeps expanding and recently we have added more people. So, that is broadly. 
Exact numbers I think as we are preparing the budget, we can share with you in the next concall. 
Gagan Ahluwalia: 
Thank you everyone for your participation in today's learning call. The webcast, audio recording 
and transcript of this call will be available soon on our website. Thank you and have a nice 
evening. 
 
