Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Computer Age Management Services Limited 
Q3 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMCHARAN SR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANISH SAWLANI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHIVANI KARWAT – ORIENT CAPITAL 
0 
orient capital 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Computer Age Management Services Limited hosted by Orient Capital. With us today, we have 
Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing Director; Mr. Ramcharan SR, CFO; and Mr. Anish Sawlani, Head 
of Investor Relations. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shivani Karwat from Orient Capital. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Shivani Karwat: 
Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call for Computer 
Age Management Services Limited. Before we proceed to this call, I would like to give a small 
disclaimer that this conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, which 
are difficult to predict. A detailed disclaimer has also been published in the investor presentation, 
which was released to the stock exchanges. I hope everybody had a chance to go through the 
presentation. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing Director. Thanks, everyone, and 
over to you, sir. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Shivani. Good morning to everyone who's joined this 
3Q earnings call of CAMS. I appreciate you taking your time out. We will follow the standard 
format for this call, which means that there is a structured presentation. I'll take you through that, 
7, 8 slides. I hand over to Ramcharan for his commentary on financials. And then we should 
have about 20 to 25 minutes available for taking Q&A. 
 
So I will begin. And on the chart, if you downloaded the pack, this is chart number six. I'll start 
by sharing with you that CAMS has won the mutual fund RTA mandate of Unifi Capital. As 
you know, Unifi is a very prominent PMS provider based in Chennai and has aspirations to 
operate a mutual fund. They were one of those 10, 11 entities which had applied for a license in 
the last about 18 months. 
 
So very happy to share with you that this has recently got announced and adds to the set of 
significant and marquee new logo wins in the mutual fund arena in the last 18 to 24 months 
period. So this makes it of the last 7 new mutual fund mandates which have been declared in the 
market. Overall, from an AUM perspective, you are aware that we still significantly during the 
last 9 months -- and mutual fund assets stand at about just short of INR34 trillion, INR33.95 
trillion. 
 
This is a 22% growth year-on-year. You would have seen in the release. Our overall market 
share stands at 68.2%. What is significantly heartening is that equity AUM has scaled much 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
faster, which means it does scaled ahead of the market, and it has scaled ahead of our normal 
base growth. This now stands at INR16.9 trillion. It has registered a 31% growth. And when you 
compare it with the rest of the industry growth, equity AUM to our equity AUM growth, the 
31% is significantly ahead of the 24% which the industry has achieved. 
 
From a market share perspective, equity AUM market share, we grew by 140 basis points on an 
annual basis and about 40 basis points quarter-on-quarter to touch 66%. You would know that 
this number has been creeping up steadily for the last about 2.5 to 3 years, but at 66% is a fairly 
significant number to quote. Also you're aware that SIP collections and SIP registrations are 
really the formative elements which are driving the growth of this market from a SIP live book 
perspective, which basically covers the counter SIPs that we have. 
 
This grew 29% year-on-year, again, at a significant delta. Industry grew by 19%. We grew by 
29%. And as you are aware, this really adds heft to monthly collections, net sales, AUM growth 
and all of that. So again, a fairly foundational number to continue watching. And as I come to 
collection numbers, etcetera, you will see how this number of SIP registrations and live book 
are really influencing asset numbers. Also the fact that of the, I quoted 5 out of 7 wins, out of 
those 5 wins, Helios Mutual Fund and Zerodha, both went live during the quarter. 
 
And again, fairly racing away towards the finish line, Helios grew to about -- very close to a 
INR1,000 crores AUM number. Now you know that for a new mutual fund to grow to INR1,000 
crores, it sometimes takes years; not just 1 year, but sometimes even longer than that. So for 
them to achieve this in a short while, again, fairly significant milestone from an achievement 
perspective, both the mutual funds went live during the quarter. 
 
If I move a little to beyond mutual funds, which is the non-mutual fund businesses. You are 
aware that we've had a sustained focus on expanding share of non-MF in the overall book. Also, 
we've stated to you that we will continue scaling non-MF ahead of the MF book. Again, very 
happy to share with you that year-on-year, this has grown about 3.3%, so 330 basis points. Share 
of non-MF is in the rate of 13% now. What comprises non-MF and what has significantly scaled? 
One of course is Alternatives. 
 
And I'll talk about Alternatives as we move forward, but at a broad bullet level, grew 21% year-
on-year, added a significantly large number of new mandates, which is 32, this includes 4 in 
GIFT City. So again, from a market win perspective, a very satisfied quarter across all aspects. 
The other business, which has done extremely well and where we have sharpened our offering 
and also sharpened our go-to-market route is CAMS KRA, where you've seen that we've 
declared over 100% revenue growth at 129%. 
 
From an entity, which used to largely cater to CAMS service mutual funds, we've gone to beyond 
CAMS service mutual funds across all of them. But now that alone, from a fintech brokerage, 
wealth advisory perspective, all these entities need KYC and KRA services and CAMS KRA 
has brought in a large number of customers in the last 12 months to both broaden our clientele 
and scale revenue, which is why you see that process on a smaller base. But that notwithstanding, 
the revenue has grown over 3% in the year -- in the quarter year-on-year, is a very, very 
significant achievement. 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Moving forward from an insurance repository perspective, we have declared that CAMSRep has 
gained entry, and you know that the non-life segment also now has KYC as a mandatory step 
before you purchase insurance. So we have won mandate for Oriental Insurance to do KYC for 
them, digital KYC. This is a joint go-to-market and a joint offering between CAMSRep and 
Think360. 
 
As you know, Think360 has had this product called KwikID, which was selling quite well in the 
financial services, which is NBFC and banking arena, but this is a nice entry into insurance. So 
that is what CAMSRep has won. And also very pleased to share with you that just broadening 
of the business for CAMSPay, we have won an exclusive partner status from LIC to execute 
customer account authentication. 
 
This is largely third-party verification of accounts of people who wanted to buy insurance that 
are stepping in digitally. But again, a fairly marquee contract, and it's an exclusive partnership. 
Riding on all these wins and all the tailwinds that we have faced from a SIP growth and AUM 
growth perspective, the financial highlights are pretty good. CAMS, the overall revenue book 
grew just short of 19%, at 18.9%. Within the MF, revenue grew 14.6% year-on-year. Non-MF 
grew a staggering 59% year-on-year. 
 
If I take up the impact of Think360, which is still a onetime addition to the book, we still grew 
about 41% year-on-year on a non-MF basis. Four out of the 6 non-MF businesses grew by more 
than 20%. So that's a significant achievement. Four of the SIPs grew by over 20%. Riding on 
the revenue growth, EBITDA grew 19.7% year-on-year. EBITDA percentage is historically at 
the highest. You would remember a number of 44.5% in the last quarter. And a year back, that 
number scaled up to 44.8%, that's about 30 basis points up. And profit after tax grew in absolute 
terms 21%, in percentage terms grew 40 basis points year-on-year. So that's a very solid set of 
financial metrics, just riding on strong sales and operating performance almost across the board. 
 
I will move forward. You would have -- once you've downloaded the pack, you would have seen 
that there is a significant financial data. I will just cover the chart number seven, and then what 
is there on 8, 9, 10, 11, I will leave it to you for reading. But on chart number eight, you will see 
that we saw historic highs in transactions. 
 
And the continuing lift in SIP numbers, equity AUM and new investor account, all of which, 
like you know, our foundational metric and our overall SIP registration was at a lifetime high of 
43.9%. So broadly, a 9% transaction volume growth, growing from just short of 141 million to 
153 million, vindicating all the activity which is happening in the market. 
 
Equity AUM, like I said, grew significantly ahead of RBS growth and the market growth of 
equities grew 31%. Equity AUM from 12.9% in last year's third quarter to 16.9% now. Equity 
net sales, which is a good measure of what is the fraction of net sales coming to us through 
CAMS service fund was in 3Q '23 was 73.2%, still holding quite well at 72%. 
 
Absolute growth of 26% but holding share. And like I said, our equity AUM market share is 
66%, while the net sales share is 5% or 6% ahead of that. It simply means that equity AUM 
share will continue to grow. So that's a good number. SIP registration, new SIPs, we crossed the 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
highest single month number of 2.5 million, INR25 lakhs SIPs were registered in December of 
'23. 
 
And from an SIP registration perspective, we were at a 61.8% market share in 2Q, which grew 
slightly by a small margin to 62%, but still holding up quite well. Live SIPs, we know net of 
calculations, in 3Q this number was 3.3 million, which is again the highest ever and again, bodes 
very well for future collections and future SIP-related growth. 
 
2Q, the absolute number of live SIPs was 40.5 million, like I said, grew to 43.9% in this quarter. 
And then SIP gross sales, which is the number you end up reading about every month as the 
releases come out, was 283 million in the second quarter, grew to about 312 million. 
 
So it crossed what is a magical number of INR10,000 crores a month and is heading in the 
direction of INR11,000 crores. And from a market share perspective, SIP gross sales was just 
over 60% in 2Q and that scaled to 60.5% to grow about 0.4%. So all of those are nice growth 
numbers to continue backing us in the story beyond this quarter. 
 
And like I said, they are all foundational numbers, which will perhaps continue to define growth 
as we move forward. After these two, I'm just skipping chart number 8, 9, 10 and 11, assuming 
that you have a copy and you would have gone through it. 
 
I will take you through individual businesses, just chart by chart, maybe about a minute on each. 
Starting with Alternatives, where we are reporting a revenue growth 21% year-on-year. I spoke 
about 32 new wins during the quarter, which is a very sustained new logo onboarding 
performance. 
 
CAMS well Served continues to herald the digitization momentum in the industry and has over 
110 sign-ups. There is now enough trend to see that over 30%, something -- 40% of new 
customers in AIF and PMS are coming through the digital route. So that's just revolutionizing 
the way onboarding happens in this asset class. 
 
In GIFT City, we now have over 15 clients. We added 4 new during the quarter. And then with 
Multifunds because we brought in the multi-country, multicurrency fund accounting capability, 
moving some of the existing and new clients on that platform, just to gain experience and gain 
heft in that class. 
Also from a Fintuple perspective, you know that Fintuple has been building these large 
platforms, connecting custody programs of large banks with domestic PMSs, and then followed 
by domestic AIFs. The first of these programs has -- with a very large bank has just gone into 
live. They are onboarding PMS -- AMC is now on to the platform. And all of this is now growing 
beyond just AIF and PMS and is growing into things like FPI, forex and treasury services. 
So Fintuple has been able to, however taken some time, have been able to build these four 
platforms, which have multiple components of assisting large custodies to integrate with FPIs, 
to integrate with AIFs and PMSs, as we believe that the offtake in terms of onboarding will now 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
start getting momentum. Also, overall, we've declared a INR2.2 trillion assets under service for 
our Alternatives business. 
From a CAMSPay perspective, I spoke about LIC onboarding CAMSPay as an exclusive partner 
to execute customer authentication services. CAMSPay registered strong revenue growth year-
on-year, onboarded a significant number of new clients for UPI Autopay. UPI Autopay is now 
emerging as a preferred mode. It has got significant strength and this quality is over the 
traditional NACH and E-NACH. So that portfolio continues to grow. And from an overall 
volumes and revenue perspective, it's been a strong quarter for CAMSPay. 
 
I'll go to the next, which is CAMS KRA. This, we have said, has performed -- I mean, has 
delivered a very strong performance, growing over 100% during the quarter over last year. You 
would have seen enough news in PR around our 10-minute KYC, which I think, is the 
foundational component which has helped us penetrate brokerages and fin-techs. So a large 
component of new PANs or -- which is really the gunpowder that KRA survives on, have started 
coming from all these other sectors outside of domestic mutual funds. 
Also from an AI-embedded offering perspective with the assisted face match, OCR, liveliness 
check, liveliness APIs, etcetera, we are finding that CAMS KRA is now getting accepted across 
the board as a skilled product in the marketplace, and the growth then just vindicates all of that. 
There are 25 new financial institutions of various colours, shoes, and types, which have now 
commenced business with us, which have signed up. 
And the onboarding journey now, the front end of the journey is powered by Think's KwikID. 
So that's a product which has earned its spurs across banks and NBFCs. Now we're using it as a 
standard front-end onboarding journey, while CAMS KRA provides all the back-end services 
that a KRA will. 
 
Going to the next on CAMSRep. We spoke about CAMSRep's entry into KYC and of the 
Oriental Insurance to do all the -- execute the entire digital KYC process through CAMSRep. 
This, again, is powered through Think's KwikID. Also from a Bima Central perspective, 
although progress isn't as fast as we had expected, the first few insurance companies are now 
fully integrated on to the Bima Central program. 
And this app is now available in the App Store and the Play Store and that's something you can 
try. From an EIA perspective, we continue to maintain a market share of 39% for policies and 
31% of the EIA accounts. As I move forward, I'm on Chart number 16, on CAMSfinserv. We've 
shown a sustained expansion in market share. You would have seen that. We have started with 
single digit. And now happy to share with you that we've grown to over 13% in the AA 
ecosystem in terms of share. 
We are the preferred AA partner when the account aggregator thing started. Very few people 
expected that things like F&O account opening will become a large use case. We are now the 
preferred partners in the industry, servicing multiple number of brokerages for this particular 
use case where a bank account has to be refreshed every year for all live F&O accounts. 25 FIU 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
clients were live in 3Q. And then we continue to report a number of new deals, both from an AA 
and TSP perspective. 
So, a solid quarter, still small revenue. But from a market share, total number of pulls, 
penetrating various segments, demonstrating new use cases, things like F&O and now finance 
management, I think a very satisfying period for the team. I will move forward from a Think360 
perspective, you would have remembered that we have declared that for the flagship product, 
which is Algo360. We have signed a deal with SBI Cards. 
That engagement is now live, which means usage will begun. And this was a very marquee 
customer for usage of this product. So we're expecting clear dynamics to now continue showing 
as time progresses. Similarly from a digitalization perspective, we now have contracts with three 
of the top 10 public sector banks in India for overall digitalization. This is largely the digital 
KYC journey. 
This is now fully kind of Canara Bank to -- we won -- these are both analytics, address 
management contracts, one with CreditAccess Grameen and the other with DCB for augmenting 
the overall risk analytics expertise. CAMS and Think360 have also built a product called 
Influence360, which is a geographic data product, which helps business strategize in terms of 
understanding buying power of the consumer and how the consumers are dispersed across cities 
and PIN codes. 
So that product is now ready for the market. And lastly, I will talk about CAMS NPS. We've 
seen our 2x growth in overall subscriber count year-on-year. We continue to hold the number 
two position in overall new eNPS sales. Our overall innovation in terms of making the CAMS-
enabled UPI Autopay, all of those things continue to be playing out in the market. And then 
from a POP perspective now, we are linked with several POPs and almost three-fourth of the 
overall traffic is now getting contributed by these 4Q, as you know, is this season for NPS. 
So we're expecting to continue broadening out and expanding the numbers as far as NPS is 
concerned. So I will pause here, hand it over to Ramcharan for his commentary on financials. 
And then once you are done, then we will take questions. 
Ramcharan SR.: 
Thank you, Anuj. The financials, Anuj touched up on the highlights in the earlier part of the 
presentation, I will just try to get into one level of detail of this. From a revenue, as indicated, 
we have kind of had a strong revenue growth during the quarter, 18.9% year-on-year at the back 
of growth in assets and the mutual fund revenue. The mutual fund revenue grew by 15%, almost 
14.6 percentage, again, on the back of growth in assets. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, our revenue grew by 5.3%. And mutual fund on a quarter-on-
quarter grew 5.4%, which is, again, backed by high growth in the AUM. This is actually a good 
point to us. If you remember, over the last few quarters, we have been indicating that from a 
yield pressure perspective, which was a common question from a lot of people, that the onetime 
reset of the yield, onetime large reset of the yield with one of our major customers has been 
completed, you will see the impact of this in the next few quarters. 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Happy to say that it's played out like that in this quarter, and you can see yield compression in 
this quarter. And thanks to the equity mix being favourable. The equity mix for CAMS is 50% 
almost, 49.9%. Were, in fact, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, seeing a very, very marginal increase 
in yields, which is, again, playing out the way that we anticipated. And going forward, we also 
do not see any large depletion in yields other than what will be driven by the telescopic pricing. 
So from a revenue perspective, the asset-based revenue, which is a major part of the mutual fund 
revenue, grew 13.2% year-on-year and 5.1% quarter-on-quarter, and INR212 crores of asset-
based revenue. The non-asset-based revenue on the back of a good climbed in transaction 
revenue as well as miscellaneous and applications value added that we sell to our customers, 
both had a very smart growth rate. 
So which means on a year-on-year basis, we grew 23% and on a quarter-on-quarter by 7%. So 
our non-asset-based revenue is currently at INR40.8 crores. So INR212 crores and INR40.8 
crores, the overall MF revenue stands at INR252 crores for the quarter, again, up almost 15%. 
The non-MF revenue, I think the earlier slides were kind of getting into the detail of the 
individual business lines that we have. 
But the highlight is being that we continue to deliver on non-MF growth, which we had kind of 
suggested -- a big increase of around 60% is what you saw on a year-on-year basis on non-MF 
revenue, which includes the revenue of Think Analytics, which we acquired at the beginning of 
this year. Even keeping this aside,, the overall revenue growth is upwards of 40%, which is, 
again, tracking to our entire projection of getting the non-MF revenue to 20% of the overall 
revenue within the next few years. 
We are well on track to achieving that. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, too, the non-MF revenue 
grew by 4.5%. Into the conference, Anuj touched upon in the earlier slides. Good growth on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis on a AIF, on a payment perspective. KRA grew more than 100 
percentage and the AA and TSP. So we had four businesses, which grew more than 20% quarter-
on-quarter with KRA doing very well with more than 100% growth when compared to last year 
the same quarter. 
So all in all, a very strong revenue growth of almost 19 percentage, driven by growth in MF as 
well as in the non-MF segments, which again leads to our profitability. Over the last -- for the 
seven quarters, this has been kind of the highest profitability that we have seen. On operating 
EBITDA, we ended the quarter with almost INR130 crores, INR129.6 crores of operating 
EBITDA, which is almost 20%, 19.7% growth over the same quarter last year. And sequentially, 
it was a growth of almost 6%, 5.8% growth. 
The margins creeped up again, as we had indicated, as and when the revenue starts growing into 
the non-MF as well as along with the operating leverage, we will have an operating EBITDA 
creep-up, which has again played out in the current quarter to as opposed to 44.5% in the earlier 
quarter, we are at a 44.8% operating EBITDA. PBT is in line with us. It's almost at 40%, 39.9%. 
And PAT, we ended the quarter with INR89.29 crores of PAT and 29.8%. 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Good growth of 21% impact on a year-on-year basis and 5.7% quarter-on-quarter. As I said, if 
you take the last seven current quarter, this is the highest margins that we have seen, not only in 
terms of absolute numbers, but even in terms of margin percentages, which again indicates to a 
very strong financial performance. 
On the return on net worth, as, we are used to the 40% kind of return on net worth, which we 
are continuing to see -- and we ended the quarter with a really cash and cash equivalent surplus 
of around INR580 crores in our balance sheet. One item on the cost that we would like to 
highlight is the cost, comparable costs for this year. Just like we eliminated the revenue for 
Think, that's the comparable cost of almost INR5 crores for the year. 
Hence, you will see some increase in the individual expenses. But that is a onetime -- that is the 
inclusion of Think for the first time in our consolidated financials. And also, we had the final 
tranche of the current ESOP scheme rolled out during the quarter. So you had a noncash charge 
of around INR4.3 crores that is coming into the current quarter books, which was INR1.7 crores 
more than what it was in the last quarter. 
So if you see overall from an expense creep perspective, if you consider the noncash charge of 
ESOP of INR1.7 crores and if you consider there is an increase in out-of-profit expenses or OPE, 
both from a CRA as well as MF perspective to the extent of INR2.5 crores, the expense growth 
quarter-on-quarter has been extremely muted, which is the reason why you see some amount of 
creep up in the margin. 
That is also playing out on a year-on-year basis. Year-on-year basis, you had the OPE expenses 
low by almost INR5 crores. If you actually take that out, you'll see a strong transmission of the 
increase in top line to the bottom line. That's the broad commentary on the financials. I will now 
hand it back to Tushar, and he may open it for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
So my first question is, you gave some color on how costs have tracked in this third quarter. But 
just if you could give us a split between the cost, how much of that is for the core MF RTA 
business and how much is for the non-MF business, that would also help us understand how the 
profit and the profitability is tracking in those two segments? That could be one of the questions. 
 
The other question is on the KRA business, you indicated that you have entered into 25 new 
relationships with fintech’s. Now I wanted to understand that what is driving your ability to enter 
into these new relationships with fintech’s? Is it product differentiation that is helping you here? 
Because from a KYC record perspective, you are still significantly lower than the market leader. 
So I wanted to understand what's your differentiation there? Those are the two questions. 
Ramcharan: 
Okay. There are two parts. I will take the first part on the non-MF profitability expense, and then 
Anuj will comment on the KRA and what's happening in that for us to grow this much. See, I 
will give you broad guidelines in terms of how the non-MF actually stand. We had indicated in 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
the earlier quarters, too, from an investment perspective, we are investing in Bima Central, which 
is the CAMSREP platform. 
We're investing in the AA, TSP. We are investing in the CRA platform. And we're also kind of 
continuing to make enhancements from a payment’s platform perspective. And AIF, we are 
launching new products. So what we had indicated was in the last year that the investments that 
we are making, and we do not kind of capitalize or amortize, we kind of take most of it to the 
P&L. 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, our spend was projected to be INR3 crores or INR4 crores. So for 
the current year for all these initiatives put together, we have spent more than INR5 crores, okay? 
What has changed is the top line growth. So what used to be very minimal, less than a very small 
revenue component from AA, TSP, is now almost tracking to INR70 lakhs per quarter. What is 
happening from MF Central perspective is tracking to over INR60 lakhs to INR70 lakhs per 
quarter. 
So things like that -- our AIF growing 21%. A lot of it is because of the new ramp-up that's 
happening on the products. So from a cost perspective, I don't think it's very different from what 
it was in earlier quarters. We continue to spend around INR5 crores, INR6 crores on these 
platforms that we are building out. But the revenue has crept up, which means that the 
profitability from a non-MF perspective, considering it's not a homogeneous bucket but just from 
an ease of understand perspective, if you take the bucket non-MF business, the profitability has 
crept up, and it will be in the high single digits -- high double digits -- less than teens. 
So we'll be around 10 percentage to 15 percentage of the bucket profitability, which is higher 
than what it was in earlier quarters. And as we get more and more revenue from a top line 
perspective, this to kind of get closer to the profitability. That's basically the understanding that 
we have. Whether it will happen in 2 quarters, 3 quarters, 4 quarters, it's how fast the revenue 
will ramp up, but that's the trajectory that we are foreseeing. On the KRA perspective, Anuj? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Yes, sure. So when you look at the KRA business, think of it as its the entire capital markets. In 
the capital markets, the large participants or brokerages and depositories, who you know that 
they add customers at a pace which is significantly ahead of what the mutual funds add, new 
customers add. 
Historically, we had rooted this business and designed it to serve CAM Service mutual funds. 
So a subset of the total. In the last 1.5 years, especially after we brought in Navi as a customer, 
we have now been going after the entire set of mutual funds, but also large brokerages and large 
fintech’s, some of these fintech’s are selling mutual funds, a lot of them are just registered 
brokers. 
So we have expanded the game to, let's say, the playing arena is 3x or 4x of what it used to be. 
And within the brokerage business, as you know, there are significant lumps, there are 5 or 6 
entities which are very large. And then there is a medium size set of entities and there's a long 
tail. So as you go after these, and you just can't go after these through a sales effort because your 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
product and your overall servicing turnaround times, quality of onboarding, time taken, etcetera, 
has to be world-class. 
We have built all of that, which is why we're seeing gain in share. Now are we going to become 
the number one very quickly? The answer is no, because it takes a period of time. The delta 
between the number one and number two today is significant. There is an incumbent number 
one. But what I can certainly assure you on is that there is not a flash in the pan performance. 
We've grown revenue 100% on the back of onboarding new PANs. 
When these investor PANs are reused either in the MF market or to -- for brokerages of opening 
demat accounts, that is really revenue accretive. So we are doing the right foundational things 
for the business. This year, the revenue growth is one indication. But my expectation is that we 
will continue to see this sustained in the same manner. You will see the gap lessening between 
the leader and -- when do we scale up to really challenge the leader, etcetera, that may take some 
time. 
But I think the initial metrics of onboarding high potential customers, expanding the number of 
PANs in our armoury and being able to sell them to reflect on revenue, I think those are great 
momentum causing events which have happened in the last 4 to 5 quarters. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Just a quick follow-up on one of the first question on investments. So on the non-MF 
side, I understand you are spending INR5 crores to INR6 crores additionally for some of these 
initiatives that listed. Now going forward, should we continue to see this these new investments 
and new initiatives and spend them in the next year? 
Anuj Kumar: 
If I may ask, can you just repeat the question? And because the -- I was not able to read you fully 
because the voice was not very clear. Is your question on yields? Or if you can please repeat it 
for us? 
Supratim Datta: 
Yes, yes. So on the -- just this is a follow-up on the first question. So on the investment, so you 
said INR5 crores, INR6 crores towards new initiatives. Just wanted to understand how should 
we think of it going forward? Should it continue at this level? And what would be those 
initiatives that you would be spending on this INR5 crores, INR6 crores? And on the MF side, 
if you could list how our thinking about the investment work to be some of the things that you 
would be investing in the MF side? That would my question. 
Ramcharan: 
So what we have kind of said consistently and will continue following is that the investment 
amount would not go down -- while this is a journey, this is not -- we've not yet reached the 
destination in terms of where we want to be in terms of the product. So basically, we will 
continue to invest in new products in AIF. 
We already have rolled out the onboarding platform. We are doing the wealth track and we are 
doing the fund accounting platform. Similarly, from other businesses, the CRA platform will get 
further embellished. We are doing various journeys on that. We will get -- we have started the 
POP; we will get the government and other schemes and flavors into it. 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
And from AA, TSP, several use cases are emerging. We are re-architecting a lot of these things. 
So the investments will not slow down. We will continue to invest this money in the platform 
that we are speaking about and we will see the beneficial impact in terms of ramp-up in the 
revenue. But you should assume that the same amount will continue to get invested on a quarter-
on-quarter basis, adjusted for obviously some inflation in salary costs as we go forward. On the 
second question of investments in MF, and what we are doing? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So like Ram said, you can't do well in the marketplace until you build cutting-edge products and 
until you've taken them to market. So sales and product development. and some degree of just 
PR spreading the news around are just natural investments. We've said in the past, non-MF, that 
will be in the range of INR15 crores to INR20 crores a year, which I think continues. 
The point that Ram has made is that against that, there used to be small offsetting revenue, as 
increasingly the offsetting revenue increases because those markets are growing. You've seen 
that in KRA, in AIF and in account aggregator definitely. We will see that offsetting revenues 
grow. And therefore, the quantum of the investment remains constant, but it becomes revenue 
accretive. 
 
On the mutual fund side, there is a significant amount of work that we continue to do to scale up 
and add leadership, which is, of course -- leadership and manpower. But from a risk, antifraud, 
cybersecurity, BCP, just the way we treat data and we are able to organize data and get analytics 
and insight from them. Those are standard, I would say, now you can count them as run rate 
investments inside the P&L, they continue to happen all the time. The sophistication that we 
need, let's say, from a security perspective continues to scale up in this world where you have to 
guard your perimeter very effectively and make sure there is no intrusion.  
So that will continue. But inside the P&L. I don't think you should read it as a separate line, 
which is kind of asynchronous to the growth of the business but is synchronous to the growth of 
business and will continue. Did that answer your question? 
Moderator: 
I think he's disconnected. We'll move on to the next question. Next question is from the line of 
Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead, sir. 
Sanketh Godha: 
My question is just if you can give an indicative number. Since today, we are at EBITDA margin 
of 44.7%. If I want to split the EBITDA margin of MF and non-MF, how it is? And as Anuj 
highlighted, if the growth starts picking up in the non-MF business, then how you see the overall 
EBITDA margins to play out from the current levels? Or we see -- or what the numbers what 
you are looking at are like peak numbers, significant expansion you don't expect to happen? Just 
some outlook on that.  
And second question is largely on non-MF revenue. If you look at AIF business or CAMSPay 
business, it seems to be plateauing on sequential basis -- around INR74 million, INR75 million, 
and even CAMSPay. Just wanted to understand how to see these numbers to pan out, though on 
year-on-year basis, this looks healthy, but on a sequential basis, it seems to be holding up at 
these numbers. Just if you can give a little better outlook on these businesses will be helpful.  
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
And lastly, on fund accounting, I think our competitor is a little aggressive on that particular 
piece. So if you can speak a little more on fund accounting as a new source of revenue, how you 
want to build this, it will be great? 
Ramcharan: 
Got it. So I'll answer the question on margin first, Sanketh. I think there are three questions that 
you asked, I'll just take the margins one first. So yes, we have seen a creep up in our non-MF 
margins what used to be -- even as a single bucket, and I would like to clarify again, they are not 
a homogeneous business or a unit.  
But for the purpose of ease of understanding, suppose we kind of club them under a single bucket 
and say it's non-MF bucket, our margins now on an EBITDA perspective are less than 15 
percentage, right? What used to be a single-digit number has now kind of gone up to close to 15 
percentage. And so the MF is kind of much more than the 44% that you're saying. 
Mathematically that's when your average is 44.8 percentage.  
Now going forward with trajectory, again -- this is again consistently what we've been saying 
for the last few quarters is that we will get the margins of the non-MF business creeping up as 
and when the revenue starts ramping up. Whether it happens rapidly over one or two quarters or 
over four, five quarters is what the market will tell us. But our trajectory of the non-MF margins, 
given that the spend is going to be plateauing and the revenue is going to be increasing, we 
expect that they will get 10 towards the 25 percentage in the next few quarters, for sure, right?  
There is going to be no dilution in margins as such from a pay perspective because of some 
investments, AIF margins could come down a little. But REP, once the Bima Central starts and 
some revenue starts kicking in and the other AA/TSP businesses, and the Sterling Software 
external businesses could actually give us an incremental 10 percentage increase in margins as 
we go forward. So that's the expectation. And obviously, I would just like to caution you with 
one thing, which is that the April quarter has always traditionally been the quarter in which we 
have had a close 2.5% increase in cost because of the annual appraisal.  
Now whether that is 2% or 3% or 2.5% and when that will happen? It's obviously a decision to 
be taken when you're closer to April. But the long-term trend suggests better increment on 
quarter 1. This is across the industry, it's not obviously unique to CAMS, is going to be around 
2.5 percentage. So keeping that in mind, I would not kind of predict that our operating EBITDA 
will go to 49, 50 percentage.  
But what we are confident of doing is see this creep up in the EBITDA, and we keep let’s say 
the salary increments for a moment to see this EBITDA creep up by what we are assume is 20, 
30 basis points over the next few quarters for sure. So that's the expectation. And we will see. 
We obviously hope and think that the revenue ramps up further, we will see a further ramp up 
in EBITDA. But I would still not suggest that we will be close to 50 percentage any time soon. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes. But now... 
Ramcharan: 
Sorry, you have a follow-on this? Or shall we to go to the next question? 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
So basically my simple point is that -- means if I include even the annual presence in FY'25, 
then you're saying that current margins can potentially be at least, if 20, 50 basis point 
improvement in the third quarter, then we can see probably a 1% better margin than what we 
can expect in FY'24 is what I wanted to just check? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So historically, Sanketh, you've seen that operating EBITDA has grown by about 1% a year. 
That is irrespective of the puts and takes, whether we've made investments, whether revenue has 
grown or not grown at the same pace. So just extrapolating the past into the future, you know 
what to expect, right, with what you said 30 basis points in the quarter and the 30 basis points 
repeat itself in all the four quarters.  
I think the only point Ram was saying is, in the first quarter, always tough to repeat the act. But 
we are at it and expecting about a 1% increase in the year just from a historical perspective is 
just par for the course. It’s happened for the last four, five years, likely can happen in the next 
year too. 
 
On CAMSPay and AIF, I think the formative metric you should look at is what are the pace we 
are winning at? Are we able to hold our prices? And are we introducing new products into the 
market? Because if you're doing these three or four things consistently in any marketplace, and 
then AIF you know that we come from a place of leadership, then it is not tough to expand 
revenue. You can always have a quarter which may not look the most stratospheric.  
But I would just encourage you to look at the numbers that we've shared. We said that four of 
the non-MF businesses grew over 20%. Alternatives on a large base at about 21%, pay even 
higher. So a narrow comparison, just in terms of overall growth I think is a good number to look 
at. We've shown you that the AIF business won almost 32 new clients. Look at the scale, our 
digital onboarding now has over 114 customers.  
And these are all revenue yielding contracts. Of course, revenue per sale isn't-- it's in line with 
what it used to in the past. So I'm quite confident that we will continue delivering the growth 
numbers that we have spoken about in the past for non-MF. Non-MF is a lump, we want to keep 
it over 20%. And from what I see coming, I think there is significant confidence that, that will 
continue happening. 
On fund accounting, today, we service almost 70 to 80 unique consumers from a fund accounting 
perspective. Earlier, this was done in a certain way. Three quarters back, we decided to bring in 
the Multifonds platform, which is now going into production. And about three or four of our 
clients are going to migrate on that. So again, very confident that we have the right offering, the 
right go-to-market strategy and the right teams to continue scaling this.  
That is how I would characterize fund accounting. I'm personally very excited with the 
alternatives business, both what the CAMS team is doing and what the Fintuple team does. And 
collectively between them, we are quite positive about the acceptance of the products in the 
marketplace and how we would scale? 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Ramcharan: 
Just one thing, Sanketh, if I may just add. I think from an AIF perspective, the quarter-on-quarter 
growth is not bad. It's I think upwards of 10%, if I'm not mistaken. So I think the 
foundationmetrics, as Anuj said is -- number is also decent from a quarter-on-quarter growth of 
AIF. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. And last one, given this Multifonds platform, I'm believing it is built completely in-house. 
So if you try to cross-sell to more AIF or other funds, then do you expect the revenue realization 
from the existing funds given the cross-sell opportunity, I believe you are largely in TA, transfer 
agency, it's RTA business in AIF. Now fund accounting, do you see this will play out much 
better than what we are anticipating or the run rate could be a little better because your ability to 
cross-sell? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So cross-selling was always happening. Like I said, we have about 80 unique consuming entities, 
which were buying fund accounting. The gap in the offering was that we did not have 
multicurrency. So think of someone who's trying to redomicile themselves from an overseas 
location into, let's say, GIFT city, etcetera. We did not have multicurrency reporting, etcetera. 
Multifonds, therefore, closes out that gap. So it is a niche. It is a part of the overall fund 
accounting offering. Will it create revenue scale of its own? The answer is yes. Will it make us 
more scalable? The answer is yes. But from a base perspective, that business will continue. And 
in domestic, pure single currency asset -- it will continue the way it has continued. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect. And this largely will be keeping to AIF, right? Or you want to expand this platform 
beyond AIF? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Yes. Right now, I think one thing at a time. You know our approach, right? We don't try  to spill 
into 100 places at the same time, one thing at a time. We want to make it a success. Have a 
number of market customers talking good things about us. And then if you're thinking of pension 
and MF, etcetera, it's a natural sequel, but we just want to get it first right in the base among the 
AIF and then move forward. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect, Anuj. Thanks for the answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. Please 
go-ahead sir. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Good morning everyone. My first question is, coming back to the non-MF businesses. Just 
putting all of them together, how would you kind of characterize the recurring or annuity nature 
of revenues versus something that is driven by volumes or transactions, if you can kind of give 
us some sense, broad sense on that piece of the business? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So if you are asking whether there is a connected to sale or recurring sale component? I would 
say some of thing’s businesses which are more project based, you win a 6-month or a 12-month 
analytic outsourcing contract, will perhaps characterize for that. But I would say that that's under 
10%.  
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
If you want to see the annuity character, KRA is the best example, where once I have, let's say, 
a base of 2 crores PANs, these individuals can go and open accounts anywhere. But the exchange 
of the PAN information of the KYC information that I store is revenue accretive. So 
theoretically, even if I stop selling for a day or a month, that revenue continues. Similarly, if you 
see CAMSRep and you see the insurance policies that we have in the base.  
They continue 
to be revenue accretive because we continue charging an AMC, even if theoretically, I were to 
stop selling for some time. So a similar trajectory goes through in payments, for example, if I 
have, let's say, a few crore SIPs in the base, so the SIPs have to be triggered every month or 
every week. If I theoretically stop selling to new clients or stop downloading new SIPs, that 
remains in the base.  
 
So the project base, non-annuity, self-sell revenue, which I would characterize it as not more 
than 10% to 15%. The rest of it is base revenue once you bought a logo win and once you master 
this basic metrics. Yes, most of it is not AUM related. Most of it will be transaction related. But 
those transactions are recurring in nature and the prices are fixed, that I see it as annuity revenue. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. That's helpful. Secondly, I think Ram mentioned a couple of times on the account 
aggregator business, something like a reworking of the platform. So if you could talk a little 
more about it because I thought -- I mean, this was anyways sort of a fresh investment that has 
happened in the past couple of years. So from a monetization point of view or from a revenue 
accrual margin point of view, do we see this platform sort of the monetization getting right 
shifted because of whatever investments that are happening? 
Ramcharan: 
So Abhijeet, let me clarify. So what I meant was with the several use cases and onboarding of 
various customers, we're just kind of making changes in the platform, which will make it easier 
to onboard new customers. And there'll, obviously, be a rationalization, of course, as we go along 
in terms of scalability, in terms of capability. So it's not as we are taking and trashing the platform 
and building a new platform. 
 
 I think it's more kind of an enhancement that we do and make it more efficient to keep 
onboarding or adding. For us currently to take a customer go-live is when things start getting 
interesting. Sign-ups are okay but go-live is when we start getting revenue. So this entire go-live 
process with all the disparate IT systems of so many people would require some amount of 
reorientation from a platform perspective.  
 
That's what I was mentioning. And it was in the context of why further investments would be 
made in these? I think that was the question. So in that context, I was saying that this could be 
what we are doing. However, we don't intend trashing the platform, building a new platform and 
obviously, it's a cloud-based scalable platform that we have, we continue to enhance that 
platform. And there is no -- in fact, we are at a very interesting place from a monetization 
perspective. 
 
The rates have sort of stable, the sign-ups are happened and now the go-live is happening from 
various  customers, use cases are evolving. So there's not as such change in the model of 
monetization or the trajectory that we foresee for monetization. We have grown 100% quarter-
on-quarter. And there's nothing that prevents us from repeating the tweak in the next few 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
quarters. So it's in a good shape now. The usual investments will continue to happen in tweaking 
the platform and making more efficient for onboarding. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. That's helpful. One couple of again, smaller data point questions, sir. Would you have the 
period-end AUM handy by any chance, overall and equity? 
Ramcharan: 
Oh, period end. So can I just refer that and get back to you, period-end AUM? 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
 Yes, yes. Not a problem. 
Ramcharan: 
It was on an increasing trajectory, if your question is it going to sustain, I think emphythe 
numbers will show that. The average AUM was much less than the period closing AUM, if that's 
your question. But I'll get back with the exact number. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
No problem. No problem. And then one more, again, sort of a clarification. When I look at the 
non-MF revenue breakup, for AIF, particularly, the -- the 21% number seems to be higher than 
what we get when calculating the number using the mix that you have disclosed. I think the 
calculated number seems to be somewhere around 14%, 15%. So are we missing something? 
Ramcharan: 
So I'll just clarify. So from our perspective, the segment is AIF. We will probably make the 
change in the presentation. So I feel people text service in the same segment. So that put together, 
you see, 21% that we are talking about. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Understood. Understood. And then last one is that under insurance Repository, the EIA piece 
that you mentioned, that -- that's not -- that doesn't make money, right? It's the other piece, which 
is where you make revenues on a per policy basis, right? 
Ramcharan: 
So I'll just take a minute. Yes, on a margin basis, I think the entire insurance repository business 
is close to breakeven. It's not making money. On the insurance repository, which is your EIA 
account and the per policy billing that we do, it's not at a critical stage where it's starting to make 
money. That is accurate. 
 
The other business which we have in the -- outsourcing business, which is a more pure 
outsourcing kind of a play where we do some policy servicing, persistency, calling, feet on street, 
etcetera, and implant of resources. So that's the thing that is making a small margin. But the AIF 
segment, which is the AMC for the policies that we have, the policy conversion charges that we 
have and the transaction charges that we have, currently is not making money.  
 
And that's why we're looking to the Bima Central platform, which should -- already started 
integration with a couple of -- 3 of the insurers and one has gone live. By April 1 when it's kind 
of a little more rounded in terms of an offering and transactions start flowing in, we hope to kind 
of see breakeven and start making money from the first quarter of next year. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Ok, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Santosh Kesari from Kesari Finance. 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Santosh Kesari: 
Okay. So I have 2 questions. One is about -- 1 question and 1 summation, actually. So the 
question is about EIA business and your alternatives business. So if you can share with us what 
is the total addressable market that we are trying to handle in terms of 2 years down the line, 3 
years down only, it would be very helpful in valuing this business? That's one. And secondly, in 
terms of solution, I have -- that now that CAMS have a lot of businesses.  
 
If you can share data points around these businesses in the PowerPoint itself in the presentation 
that you have, wherein the profitability of the different businesses and the operating drivers are 
also placed, it would be very helpful in terms of consistency of the information that is coming 
from your team, and we been able to look up quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year with focus. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Okay. So from an EIA perspective, think of it that you've seen in the past some statements made 
by regulators of there being a compulsory demat regime potentially to be ushered into insurance. 
That is when the entire effect of EIA and electronic policies will kind of play out. That count of 
policies in the country is close to INR55 crores, which means if you want to look at the base of 
business, which at one time could accrue to insurance repositories, that's about 55 crores policies.  
 
What accrues to them today is about INR3 crores. So that's about 5% of potential, which means 
the balance 95% has not been realized. Also the fact that because it has not become as popular 
as it could have and the level of integration with insurance companies, etcetera, is what it is, 
one’s ability to transact, which is to do either select a new policy or to make a claim, or to pay 
premiums or to look at a single screen and look at all your maturity values, etcetera, it isn't where 
it is, and that is why the transaction revenue is also not kicked in. 
 
 So that market is potentially a 15x to 20x market compared to what you're seeing today, taken 
with pinch a salt, that as a normal consumer movement, it has been going at a certain pace, 
making it mandatory at the regulatory industry level, will have a completely different impact. 
When will it happen? We can all collectively guess. So that's one. 
 
AIF on the other side, have been significantly embracing outsourcing. You will see that from a 
total registered count perspective, there are almost 1,000 AIFs in the country, everybody may 
not have launched. We service about 200 of them. A lot of them may have outsourced or may 
have bought outsourcing services only for onboarding and TA kind of services. Now of course, 
you know that demat has become mandatory. So that and then fund accounting and other fund 
administration services, I would still say that the non-outsourced part is still quite large, it is 
sitting there. 
 
Most of the new funds that get launched are getting launched in a captive manner, which means 
that they are priced and not coming to us, still they scale to, let's say, beyond 100 investors or 
beyond a critical mark. So that, again, from an outsource versus non-outsource revenue 
perspective, you can say that we've perhaps touched less than 50% what is out there. Most of the 
large AIFs, of course, have outsourced. So they are customers, but there is a significant number, 
several hundreds of them, which can potentially become clients over the coming years. That's 
fairly the addressable market for you. 
,i 
UrIVIo 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Santosh Kesari: 
Okay. great. Thank you so much. And regarding my suggestion on giving information in a 
tabular format for different businesses in the PowerPoint. That will be helpful. 
Ramcharan: 
So, yes, thanks for the suggestion. So we will give a tabular format of the revenue. And the other 
part of it, we will definitely have a look at it, sir, at the end of this quarter. Yes. 
Santosh Kesari: 
Yes, okay. Thank you so much and wish you all good success. 
Ramcharan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ramcharan for closing comments. 
Ramcharan: 
Yes. Thanks, Tushar, and thank you for the participation and continued interest in CAMS. We 
appreciate your time spent on this. And for any clarification, please reach out to our IR agency, 
Orient Capital, or Anish Sawlani, and we'll be happy to answer any questions that you may have. 
Once again, thanks for your time. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Computer Age Management Services Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Ramcharan: 
Thank you. 
,i 
UrIVIo 
