 
पंजीकृत काया[लय: सी -4, ͫ डिèĚÈट सɅटर, साकेत, नई Ǒदãलȣ - 110017, भारत 
Registered Office: C-4, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi - 110017, INDIA 
          Tel.: +91-11-26530266 Fax: +91-11-26854000, 26522000 | Email: info@ircon.org Web:www.ircon.org 
CIN: L45203DL1976GOI008171 
 
 
 
इरकॉन इंटरनेशनल ͧ लͧ मटेड 
(भारत सरकार का उपĐम) 
 
IRCON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
(A Govt. of India Undertaking)
An integrated Engineering and Construction Company 
IRCON/SECY/STEX/124                                                                                        15th February, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept./ Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग / कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग  
पी. जे. टावसŊ, दलाल ːŌीट, 
मुंबई– 400001 
Scrip code / ID: 541956 / IRCON 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/I, G Block 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400051 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड
िलİːंग िवभाग 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, ɘॉट नं. सी./ आई. जी. ɰॉक, 
बांūा-कुलाŊ कॉ̱ ɘेƛ, बांūा (पूवŊ), मुंबई-400051 
Scrip Code: IRCON 
 
Sub: -  Transcript of the Q3FY2024 Conference Call held on Friday, 9th February, 2024/ शुŢवार, 
9 फ़रवरी, 2024 को आयोिजत Q3FY2024 कांůŐ स कॉल की Ůितलेख 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 1st February, 2024, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the post result Conference Call held on Friday, 9th February, 2024 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended on 31st December, 2023.   
 
In accordance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Conference Call is also available on the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.ircon.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=226&Itemid=643&lang=en  
which can also be accessed through below mentioned path: 
 
www.ircon.org>> Investor Relations>> Presentation and Earning Calls>> Transcript of the Conference 
Call held on 9th February, 2024 for financial results for the quarter and nine months ended on 31st 
December, 2023.   
 
कृपया उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर लŐ। 
 
धɊवाद, 
भवदीय,  
 
 
(अंिकत जैन)/ (Ankit Jain) 
अनुपालन अिधकारी/ Compliance Officer  
सद˟ता Ţ./ Membership No.: A35053 
ANKIT JAIN 
2024.02.15 12:46:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
“Ircon International Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY'24 Analyst Conference Call” 
February 9, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Ircon international limited 
 
 
Mrs. Ragini Advani  
– Director Finance 
Mr. B. Mugunthan             – Chief Financial Officer and ED 
Finance  
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury   – CGM Finance  
                 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 28 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Dorwin the moderator for 
this conference call. I thank everyone for joining us today for the Ircon 
International Limited Q3 and 9 Month FY24 Analyst Conference Call. 
 
At this moment, all participants are in listen-only mode later we will 
conduct a question-and-answer session. At that time, if you have a 
question please press “*” then “1” on your telephone keypad. Today we 
have with us the senior management represented by Smt. Ragini 
Advani – Director Finance, Shri. B. Mugunthan – Chief Financial Officer 
and Executive Director Finance, Shri. Alin Roy Choudhury – CGM 
Finance.  
 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements that will be made 
in today’s discussion maybe forward looking in nature. It is subject to 
several risks and uncertainties and the actual results could materially 
differ. I would now like to hand the conference over to Smt. Ragini 
Advani – Director Finance for the opening remarks. 
 
After which we will have the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. 
Thank you and over to you, Madam.  
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Ragini Advani – 
Director Finance Ircon. On behalf of my team, I extend a warm welcome 
to all of you and thank you for your presence today at the Ircon’s 
earnings call for the third quarter and 9 Month period ended 31st 
December 2023.  
 
Let me introduce you to my team today. I have with me Shri. B. 
Mugunthan – CFO and ED (Finance), Shri. Alin Roy Choudhury and 
Shri. Sachin Garg – DGM (Finance). As you are aware in this quarter 
DP Government of India has upgraded Ircon to Navratna status on 12th 
October.  
 
With the grant of Navratna status the company will be able to undertake 
larger size PPP projects and there shall be market credibility 
enhancement as well. We extend our heartfelt gratitude to all the 
stakeholders for their continuous and unwavering support. I am pleased 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 28 
to once again convey that we have been reaching greater heights 
quarter-on-quarter and recorded the highest ever third quarter turnover.  
 
We hope to continue this growth story of ours. Financial results as well 
as the presentation has already been uploaded on the stock exchanges 
and I'm sure that all of you had the opportunity to review the same. Let 
me take you through our financial performance of Q3 FY24. The 
company has reported total revenue of 3,012 crores up by 24% as 
compared to Rs.2,422 crore same period last year. PAT has increased 
by 29% from Rs.190 crore in Q3 FY23 to Rs.245 crore in FY24 Q3 
FY24.  
 
Core EBITDA has also increased to Rs.296 crore vis-a-vis Rs.169 
crore. It has increased to 10.3% in Q3 FY24 an improvement of 304 bps 
over the last year. Earnings per share has gone up to Rs.2.60 per equity 
share as against Rs.2 per equity share for the corresponding period in 
Q3 FY24, this is on a face value of Rs.2 per share. The order book of 
the company as at 31st December 2023 stood at Rs.29,436 crores 
which includes 45% on nomination basis roughly and about 55% on 
competition basis. The split between domestic and international is 91% 
to 9%.  
 
Ircon has 11 subsidiaries currently mainly into roads highways project 
and one in renewable, and it has 7 joint venture companies again mainly 
into coal connectivity products and roads and highways. Without taking 
much time, I would now like to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Sujit Jain from Bajaj Allianz Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Sujit Jain: 
I wanted to know what is our scope in terms of project winning etcetera 
and opportunity in the India Middle East Europe corridor and is it taking 
shape it has been spoken about in GCC and even including in the 
recent budget, but is there a traction in terms of laying it out? 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 28 
Ragini Advani: 
As far as this corridor is concerned we are also aware as much as you 
are based on the announcements that were made in GCC and recently 
some activity is happening at a government level or at a ministry level, 
but not something at which we would be aware at this stage. So, we will 
not be able to comment on it any further till we get more details. 
Sujit Jain: 
Just to understand in this which Indian entity would be at the forefront? 
Would it be RVNL or would it be Ircon or would it be some other railway 
entity? 
Ragini Advani: 
Nothing has been so far discussed in those lines. I think it's still at a 
preliminary stage. I don't think those discussions have right now been 
done or deliberated. 
Sujit Jain: 
And ma’am just to understand the difference between us and RVNL, is 
it safe to understand that we engage in material sourcing and 
management of overall contracts as well and so therefore our staff is 
much higher than let's say an RVNL? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, our model is that we actually work like an EPC company. Therefore, 
we will do certain works in house. We will have material procurement, 
design and many other works that we like to do ourselves and that is 
the reason we have that kind of strength of manpower available with us. 
Sujit Jain: 
And do we also eventually intend to get into consulting business which 
is more like a DPR viability etcetera which is mainly done by RITES? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, there are two things. One, we offer a concept to commissioning to 
all our clients. Two, we have a subsidiary called IISL which does PMC 
as well as some of the initial consultancy work, but typically where the 
consultancy work is aloan standalone. Either we will have our IISL the 
subsidiary to do to some extent. 
 
But we may not like to do that directly in our company if it's pure 
consultancy because then a consultant versus an EPC there could be 
a conflict of interest going forward. So, that is where we tend to prefer 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 28 
going into EPC role because that's where our strength is, but if it is a 
part of the overall opportunity then we are definitely also doing that. 
Sujit Jain: 
And just to understand more about the 11 subsidiaries that you spoke 
about, are there any asset ownership businesses residing in those 
subsidiaries and what is our position there in terms of capital allocation? 
Will we undertake, will we not? 
Ragini Advani: 
Other than subsidiaries other than IISL which is a perfect management 
consultancy company essentially rest all are asset owned companies 
they all have assets, but these are long term PPP assets that you have. 
Sujit Jain: 
And in the field of railways or it is in the field of other infrastructure? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, our joint ventures are in railway connectivity projects. Our 
subsidiaries are mainly into roads and highways. There is one which is 
in renewable, and the rest are roads and highways. 
Sujit Jain: 
And in terms of more capital allocation to asset owned projects what is 
our thought process? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, we'll continue to do that as well and if you see that we started 
with some 2 or 3 projects then moved on to 5, then we took another 5. 
Currently we have something like total of about 9 road and highway 
projects, another 4 to 5 coal connectivity projects and we continue to 
doing that. As a part of our business, we will be doing both PPP as well 
as EPC. 
Sujit Jain: 
And ma'am one last question so as I understand international is 9%, 
10% not large. Right now the IMEC corridor is at a very conceptual 
stage. So, the main growth driver would be railway CAPEX and you 
have small portion in infrastructure. So, how do we view this company 
in terms of on a medium term let's say 3 to 4 year horizon from today 
from then, what kind of growth one can expect? Would this be a 13% to 
15% kind of a growth company? Would it be lesser, how do we view 
this? 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 28 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, I think we've mentioned earlier also that in the next 4 to 5 
years we see our doubling our turnover. 
Sujit Jain: 
And that is mainly riding on the CAPEX in budgeted CAPEX in the 
railway sector? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, it would be a mix of railway roads and highways and some related 
infrastructure activities that we may foray into, but yeah it would be 
driven mainly by railways, roads and highways. 
Sujit Jain: 
Because when you say doubling in 4 years, it's 18% CAGR? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. 
Sujit Jain: 
I'm sure you would have worked it backwards? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, 4 to 5 years if I may use that word. 
Sujit Jain: 
Yeah, 5 years then that would be about 14%, 15%? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah that is what we would like to target. 
Sujit Jain: 
And one last question is 45% nominated and remaining is a competitive 
bidding if you can give us a flavor which contracts with some examples 
where those are nominated contract and which contracts were 
competitively bided just to understand that in terms of future pipeline 
what would be coming directly to us on nomination basis and what 
would be bided out? 
Ragini Advani: 
Going forward nothing will come to us on nomination that practice has 
been stopped. So, whatever existing nomination business we have it 
should get completed in the next 2 to 3 years one of them being let's 
say, a Sivok project, USBRL we are in the process of completing, so it 
should get completed in this year and similarly we will have some other 
railway projects which were on nomination basis.  
 
Usually we have one nomination project internationally. This is the 
Myanmar project which has been given to us by MEA, but that is again 
an exception which has come to us. But typically, the way ahead as a 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 28 
rule would be competitive basis. Any new orders would be on a 
competitive basis.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from 
Antique. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My first question is more to do with what Ircon is doing as compared to 
competitors. For instance, I was on another call with RVNL they were 
saying they are looking at orders. In fact, they have bid for a $10 billion 
Trans-Kalahari in South Africa, $4 billion in Kyrgyzstan even a company 
like RITES they are in discussion with a country like Chile to export 
Vande Bharat whereas Ircon by design was supposed to be an 
international railway execution agency as well. We have had a rich 
history of doing projects in the past in international countries like Sri 
Lanka.  
 
We were talking about Malaysia, Singapore, one MDB that particular 
high speed rail contract, somewhere this international picture is 
nowhere to be seen in the discussion stage where exactly is that 
disconnect? 
Ragini Advani: 
While I may not like to comment on what RVNL, RITES are doing, but 
from Ircon perspective yes you are right. We were internationally very 
strong till about couple of years back so much so that we had most of 
our turnover coming from international projects and we continue to 
enjoy that credibility or that respect that we have in those countries. 
 
In the past jobs that we got internationally were of two types. One which 
were mainly funded through some kind of government grants for MEA 
funding. So, the projects which we negotiated on a one-to-one basis 
and managed to get good returns there on. There have been changing 
scenarios all over the world. It is not that your Ircon is not making efforts. 
We are making efforts right now we are doing it in our neighboring 
countries as well as in the Middle East.  
 
But having said that the window which is right now currently drying up 
is where Government of India or MEA used to fund projects. Though 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 28 
that kind of projects are not coming as of now. They may be coming in 
future, and we are very much in touch with MEA. As far as one to one 
projects are concerned typically most of these countries when they talk 
of such large size projects are also looking for project financing.  
 
It is not that they're sitting with this kind of finance, and they just want 
you to come and execute. The project financing by itself is a difficult 
task if Government of India is not a part of it and therefore when we are 
looking at international projects we are essentially trying to look at the 
projects where either they have already tied up.  
 
The financing from somewhere and we are doing the EPC or where we 
are confident we'll be able to manage some kind of a structuring in 
which those kind of financing would be possible. Having said that yes 
we still need to work a lot on our international business. Our business 
development and marketing teams are looking into it so is our CMD, but 
what is very important is to really understand that which are the projects 
which are tangible, and which are actually on paper and which are the 
projects where we are looking at some kind of an MoU and not knowing 
when they're actually going to come ahead. So, I think I'll leave at that 
point and I think it would be best if we speak with our results as and 
when they happen. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My second question is more to do with the domestic opportunities. 
There was a time when all this network debottlenecking, electrification, 
doubling, all those orders came to you nomination, but if you look at the 
National Rail Plan as such the scope of conventional works is very 
limited.  
 
Going ahead, the CAPEX is largely confined to high-speed rail, rolling 
stocks and dedicated freight corridor where technically speaking Ircon 
hasn't proved its credential probably dedicated freight corridor could be 
an exception? 
Ragini Advani: 
Both high speed and dedicated freight corridor, Ircon has the 
advantage. It's the only CPSE which has that credential. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 28 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Yes, there is one particular tender that you may be doing in Gujarat part, 
but when you look at the overall scheme of things, you will have to fight 
with the remaining players as such private player. You will have to the 
market share is dramatically reduced over there even within the overall 
scope of things? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, okay yes, there are two things. As you rightly pointed out when we 
talk about National Rail Plan or any of the railway CAPEX it is split 
between what I may call as rolling stock and the areas which Ircon may 
not be into and the areas where Ircon is into which would include 
doubling, tripling, whatever of the lines having new lines, modernization 
S&T works, electrical works and then having semi high-speed, high-
speed kind of networks as well as dedicated freight corridor.  
 
So, on the latter part, I would say as of now whatever has been there 
the budget is easily between 30% to 50% of the total. It's not a low 
number. So, I mean it is not that the cost the rolling stock has come 
these numbers are low. In fact, these are quite significant. As far as 
competition is concerned yes there is a competition amongst serious 
players, good players and that is what Government of India wants and 
we are happy to participate in the competition and get the jobs.  
 
The advantage with Ircon has been that one we have the credentials. 
Two we do a lot of work in House and we have that kind of requisite 
experience and the quality. So, per say the market share is depleting 
as of now for Ircon in certain area, but that's a very temporary 
phenomena because a lot of players are coming in small ticket size jobs 
wherein some of them have been quoting numbers which are not even 
covering the cost. If one was to look at those project estimates, but we 
are fairly confident of our skills as well as the fact that we should be able 
to get some of these complex and reasonably sized jobs. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Then finally, when you come to the order inflow part, we last time we 
said you have placed bids for 50,000 crore projects as such and you 
were confident to win some 5,000-crore kind of number, but when you 
look at the execution you require… 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 28 
Ragini Advani: 
We have never said that we bid for 50,000 crore. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My point here is the order inflow for this year this fiscal that is FY24. 
How what is that realistic number one should be looking at and second 
part of the question is are we really going into the road projects with 
BOT toll model is that in our cards? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, there are two things again. One I did give a message in the last 
concall as well as that we have been going low on our order secured or 
input and that is something which has further come down from the 
estimate that we thought in Q2.  
 
Till date, I think we've had order size that we've secured in this year of 
currently about in the range of 500 crores and since we're already sitting 
in mid-February and some of the big ticket jobs which we were 
anticipating should come this year are not likely to come because of 
various reasons.  
 
There could be political scenario, there could be delay in decision 
making at some of these client ends. So, I don't see this number going 
very high in this financial year, but some of our efforts of this year should 
give us good results next year in terms of order, in terms of the BOT 
projects.  
 
See we will continue to focus on road and highway projects. We will 
also be doing EPC as well as PPP projects. BOT specifically is 
something that we will be examining on a case-to-case basis. We have 
taken up 2 or 3 BOT projects in the past. So, based on how we see 
them we may be looking at them whether on a standalone or on a JV 
basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Akash Dhanuka an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
Ma’am, in the last conference call you had upgraded your guidance with 
respect to the revenue part to 15% over the last year which means that 
we'll have to achieve around 11,900 crores and that could mean that in 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 28 
Q4 you have to achieve over 3,300 crores. So, are we on track to 
achieve that, will we achieve that number? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes it could be a 200, 300 here or there, but we are there pretty much. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
So, I mean 11,600 will touch for sure? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah, 11,500 or is something that we should be touching, yeah. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
The other income part, ma'am, you also said that we'll be touching 550 
crore and till now we have touched 388 crores which means in the Q4 
we'll be needing 162 crores and in this quarter we had only 127. So, will 
we achieve that 550-crore number? 
Ragini Advani: 
In the other income part what is happening is at a consolidated level as 
we mentioned we started getting income from our interest element in 
annuity of HAM projects which if you see is has been a significant 
contributor in these 9 months also. So, if we are at about a 550 level, 
yeah we should be in the level of about 800 in March. You're already in 
the number of 388 so we should be in the range of 500.  
Akash Dhanuka: 
And now with respect to the guidance for FY25 ma'am, I mean, if we 
are touching 11,500 crore this year if you can help us with the guidance 
for the next year FY25? 
Ragini Advani: 
Sorry FY25?  
Akash Dhanuka: 
Yeah ma’am.  
Ragini Advani: 
So, next year I think we should be seen given the current order book 
that I have, I would say we would be at similar levels. I will be revising 
my judgment as and when I get more order in flows if any. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
With respect to the EBITDA part ma'am just give me a patient hearing 
on this ma'am, in public interest then there is a lot of confusion because 
of that HAM annuity part and why I'm saying this is because a section 
of media for the past few quarters is putting a figure of 7.4. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
Whereas we have in our presentation quoted 12.6 and that is because 
of two different and which is because we are taking the media is 
showing the revenue from EBITDA from operational part only whereas 
we are taking into account the other income and also the profit from the 
joint venture part.  
 
But this creates an anomaly and at the end affects the share prices does 
the investors interest. So, my request is if you can give the PAT 
percentage instead of EBITDA percentage it brings the clarity ma'am. I 
hope I have conveyed it correctly. 
Ragini Advani: 
I think we would be conveying PAT percentage as well. If we are not we 
shall do that. So, we'll do PAT percentage as well. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
So, if you can help me with that ma'am for this year and the next year I 
mean FY24? 
Ragini Advani: 
I have been as far as in my con-calls I've always been stating that the 
PAT percentage will be in the range of 7 to 7.5. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
And for the next year ma’am it remains the same? 
Ragini Advani: 
PAT percentage I've been saying that we'll be maintaining at that level.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma'am just wanted to understand since we have a lot of JV's into rail 
connectivity and I believe we were probably expecting them to be up 
and operational by 24 end or 25. So, is that on cards and how much of 
that income will we see in the JV share of profit coming through? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, in the cold connectivity projects two of my JV part one, I mean if I 
would call phasing of those projects are already commercial. So, in 
Chhattisgarh I have phase 1 which is already operational and MCRL 
though of course we have now mentioned that it may be taken over by 
Railways. Again, the phase 1 was operational or I can say still 
operational.  

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
Now in the Chhattisgarh project where the phase 1 is operational there 
have been certain losses because the traffic has been little lesser than 
the overall expenses. This has been the first quarter where we've had 
some good marginal profit, but otherwise ever since operations there 
were certain losses.  
 
The rest of the projects which are right now under construction they 
should be getting completed by some partly by the end of this year and 
some by the end of next year. So, the actual benefit of coal connectivity 
projects should come two years from now and it will take some time for 
them to stabilize because once you have these coal connectivity 
projects, the coal companies have to have that kind of the fact that some 
of the traffic is already going by truck and they also need to have certain 
accessories and certain yards and linings and all in place so there could 
be some mismatches that's why I'm saying it should take 2 years for it 
all to stabilize. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma'am in terms of your order inflows as you mentioned that probably 
there were certain projects which we were targeting and are yet to be 
ordered. So, in terms of the projects which have been awarded, so is it 
fair to assume that it is primarily because of competition or something 
else which we need to introspect into? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, couple of factors again the first thing is the big-ticket complex orders 
that we were looking at some of them are delayed and that is where our 
forte lies. Some of the projects where we bid again there were two 
categories. One where we were quite close to being L1, but did not get 
it. Some where you had something like 20 to 30 parties quoting and 
again it's gone at a very indecently low price.  
 
So, that is what I'm talking about the domestic segment per say and 
internationally again certain projects that we are tying we're trying to get 
that is something which we are trying to, I mean, it takes time because 
as I told you this is not coming through an MEA or a government grant 
too. So, it's taking us some time to get to moving even on the 
international front. Certain projects which we updated the results are 
still awaited. Now, given the kind of scenario right now in India in terms 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 28 
of political the elections coming up etcetera there could be further 
delays in certain tenders of bids that we were targeting or certain results 
which we were targeting that they will come in this year. So, it's a mix 
of everything. It's not just competition, but it's a mix of everything. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And ma'am in terms of clarification I mean when you mentioned that 
probably we expect to grow at some 15%, 20% CAGR for next and we 
need to double our revenues. So, if I just do a rough ballpark calculation 
probably we need order inflows to the tune of say around 15,000, 
20,000 odd crores on a yearly run rate basis. So, how confident are we 
in achieving that? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, there's been a year when we moved from 26,000 crore to 41,000 
crores in terms of order books. So, the confidence is there, but it is such 
a dynamic market where we are working in and as I also mentioned 
earlier that there are lot of these fly by the night players which are times 
travelers or in fact some of the serious players.  
 
So, given all these factors the confidence is there, the growth overall in 
infrastructure segments shall be there both internationally as well as 
domestic, but on the other hand, we want to be doing projects which 
are serious projects and where ultimately we are making profit.  
 
We don't want to increase our top line or the order book by knowing at 
stage 0 itself that it will be into a loss. So, given all these factors as I 
mentioned, that is what we target. There could be some ups and downs, 
but overall from a 5 year scenario should be doable. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And in terms of investments what have we done till date if you could 
break up in road SPVs and the other segments and at the same time 
our cash on the books, our own cash? 
Ragini Advani: 
Our own cash on the books is about 700 crores to 750 crores and in 
terms of the amount that we have already put in JVs and subsidiaries is 
about 2,300 crores. We have another 1,000 crores that we have to 
invest and I think in this year we've done about 200 crores, 150 crores 
to 200 crores. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 28 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So, this 2300 also include the road, right? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah, this is road and rail connectivity and renewable project that we 
have. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So, just to clarify 2300 odd cores is what we've invested, and 1000 odd 
is what we need to do over next 2 to 3 years? 
Ragini Advani: 
Next 2 years in fact it is lesser than 2 years. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And my last question from my side in terms of the solar Power project 
which we are doing for the status of the health, the construction started 
and when will it be operation? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, I will ask my CFO to address this question since he's directly looking 
into this. 
B. Mugunthan: 
Currently we have acquired or done the lease dates for about 70% of 
the total land requirement. We have already started constructing four 
blocks and our other assets like pulling substation and transmission 
lines are under construction.  
 
We were targeting to partially commission the project by 31st of March, 
but there are some impediments which are there which need to be 
sorted before it and in any case we are planning to complete the project 
by September, October of 24. So, that is the current status. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
But in terms of raw material is the entire thing procured or we are yet to 
procure it? 
B. Mugunthan: 
So, we have placed the orders for all the transmission equipments, 
transformers and all the modules also entire order is placed and we 
have already received the modules for about 50 megawatts also at the 
site and over the current month and the next month we do hope to install 
partially some of these modules also and our target is to kind of partially 
commission the project, but there are certain issues which are involving 
other agencies of government of Karnataka. We are trying to get those 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 28 
permissions so that we can partially commission. So, that is the current 
status. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And just to follow up on the same so sir just trying to understand there's 
no raw material risk because largely this projects generally fail because 
of raw material then second these are back-to-back signed contracts as 
in the PPA are backed by the state governments 100% procurement bill 
will be there right? 
B. Mugunthan: 
So, raw material I assume that you are referring to modules.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Right majorly modules.  
B. Mugunthan: 
So, we have already placed the orders and the supplies have already 
started. So, we don't foresee any disruption on that account. As far as 
the power evacuation and PPA we have already signed the PPA with 
the Indian Railways. So, they will buy whatever power is being 
generated, so that has already been tied. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari 
from SkyRidge Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
My first question is regarding the budget that was announced to 
2.55 lakh crore for this year. Can you give a dissection of this amount 
how much of it is going to infrastructure work that we do and or bulk of 
it is being used for conversion of old trains to Vande Bharat. So, how 
much of it will be helpful for us the kind of work that we do? 
Ragini Advani: 
The budget split is still not known of 2.55 lakh crore, but mainly they 
mentioned two things. One, of course for the Vande Bharat coaches 
and the trains and the second thing they mentioned was more 
connectivity projects to port and many other infrastructures. So, the 
second part since it's been mentioned especially as a part of the budget.  
 
I think it should have a significant share and that is where we are already 
there. We are already doing some of the coal connectivity projects also. 
So, once we also get to know we'll be looking at all those aspects. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 28 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Ma’am second question so whenever just for understanding 
sales whenever a budget is announced do you have some clarity on 
hand before the announcement that okay these projects are in pipeline, 
these are going to happen in the coming year or is it completely 
secretive process? 
Ragini Advani: 
We work like any other company does, so it is not that because we are 
a government company, we get to know anything before or just 
immediately after the budget. All of us will know it in due course as and 
when Ministry of Railway works it out. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
OK, ma'am, lastly now you're working on one high speed rail 
project for Ahmadabad, Mumbai. So, are there any more such projects 
in discussion even in discussion or is it first you will finish this project 
and then government will see if it is feasible to proceed with others? 
Ragini Advani: 
Parallelly the discussions have started on some more high-speed 
projects. I think at a DPR stage two projects are already being 
discussed. Overall, the government wants more of these projects, both 
semi high speed as well as high speed and in semi high speed like we 
have recently also done NCRTC electrification work. This is the Delhi 
Meerut corridor. 
 
So, I think a mix of semi high speed and high speed from a long term 
perspective is what government could want our country to have. So, it 
is here to stay and grow in a big way. The details will be known to us as 
and when they are announced, but yeah it is a promising area going 
forward. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
One last thing when if such projects are discussed generally, it's 
the conversion of existing lines into high-speed lines or you have to 
completely look for new line? 
Ragini Advani: 
No. This is a completely new project, and it is based on Japanese 
technology. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 28 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
No, I mean when you want to lay down the railway lines for such 
high-speed rails, are the existing lines, old lines converted to new lines 
or you have to look? 
Ragini Advani: 
That's what I'm saying. It's completely new. It's a Greenfield setup of 
lines. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
So, land acquisition must be a big challenge here. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, that's where you have a company National High Speed Rail 
Corporation Limited, which is doing these projects on a dedicated basis. 
So, we are doing the part of the EPC work, but there is a company. 
There is a set up within Government of India which does all this. It's 
something similar to when you have metro setups. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Periwal: 
In awards, ma'am can you clarify like in railway sector is there any data 
available that what was the total award for the sector as a whole in this 
year last year, anything that you can provide color? 
Ragini Advani: 
I think you are talking about Ministry of Railways awarding? 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes ma’am. 
Ragini Advani: 
No, I will not have that data with me because that data is I mean every 
zonal railway will have their own set of data then there will be certain 
centralized projects also different departments civil, mechanical, 
electrical will have their own set off. At company level I may not have 
that data. 
Vishal Periwal: 
But the CAPEX number which generally it's shared in the public and 
everywhere. So, that is combined of all the zonal railways and 
everything, right?  
Ragini Advani: 
Yes sir.  

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 28 
Vishal Periwal: 
And second you mentioned there were like 30 parties in one of the order 
that we bided. So, can you give some color like where exactly this 
competition is, is it in the station development side or a traditional 
railway work of laying lines if you can just give some color? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, it's this particular one that you're talking about it is a railway project, 
it's not in station development, I think. Let me just look into this one. 
Can you move ahead till I get back to you because this is a very specific 
question or we can take it off the conference call also because it’s 
something I need to fetch out the data. 
Vishal Periwal: 
In terms of to get more orders for us. So, is there any sector that we are 
building up a team for ourselves and then like we can get orders, 
anything that you can provide a color? 
Ragini Advani: 
See as much as you all are anxious about it. As company management, 
we would be even more anxious about it and would be making all efforts 
towards the side because we understand that is something which is 
important for us. So, while we are doing well on many of the stratas or 
the pillars that company has, this is the area where we've fallen short in 
this year and we need to gear up.  
 
So, a lot of internal deliberations activities some deliberations on how 
we are doing it and how should we be going ahead and what should be 
the identified team all that is happening, but again that's something 
which I mean I would rather have the results speak for it rather than get 
into that deliberation.  
 
As regards your previous question, this was the construction of road 
bridge major and minor bridges, ROBs, RUBs etcetera in the state of 
Maharashtra for Central Railways. So, those kinds of projects you are 
getting bidders in the range of about 15 to about 28, 30 odd percent.  
Vishal Periwal: 
So, is it like the norms are being relaxed or any changes which have 
happened? 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 28 
Ragini Advani: 
As we mentioned these are typically projects which have been taken by 
zonal railways. The project size is of a smaller scale and it's and it's also 
has a lot of routine work for normal bridges, the normal ROBs etcetera. 
So, the credentials and the EQC requirement are also not as stringent 
as they should be and typically the size could be anywhere between 
300 to about 600 crores, 700 crores. So, more people do get to 
participating including some of the local parties. 
Vishal Periwal: 
And ma’am in terms of awards only I think I'm asking that repetitive kind 
of question. So, can you give some color what could be the total bidded 
project that we have right now, what it could be like maybe 6 months 
before how it was, and any bid pipeline is it becoming more promising 
to you or still it’s conclusive? 
Ragini Advani: 
What I can tell you is that as of now there are 5,000 crore worth of 
projects for which we have bid, but the results are awaited and we are 
bidding for another 3,000 crores and in the past, we've already bid for 
about 15,000 to 18,000 crores in the cumulative 9-month period. 
Vishal Periwal: 
So, incrementally this 9-month period that awards in terms of actual 
results are out incrementally what we have is 3,000 plus 5,000 that you 
mentioned? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, 3,000 will be bidding and 15,000 the results are awaited. 
Vishal Periwal: 
And last thing from my side if it is covered pardon me. In terms of 
revenue, we did mention like 11,500 crore that we are targeting for 
FY24 is it? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. 
Vishal Periwal: 
So, that is on a standalone EPC work typically that the number that is 
being shared? 
Ragini Advani: 
No, we talk everything on a console basis. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 28 
Vishal Periwal: 
I mean fourth quarter number if we just imply then is it like you're seeing 
things to be a little kind of subdued or because the implied number looks 
to be little? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, what has happened is, I mean, the reason I'm giving this is again 
because I'm fairly confident that this is something I'll do, but if there is 
an upside I'll also be as happy as you are because they're sitting in mid 
of Feb and I've had some of my projects which have been affected 
geopolitically.  
 
Like Myanmar project there have been some political disturbances, 
insurgencies because of my work has temporarily been stopped almost 
and similarly in Sivok we were all aware that there were certain issues 
in the month of October, November after which lot of our resources were 
pulled in and given to NHAI to get the roads etcetera back.  
 
Our own work was told to be stopped because the national priority was 
to get the road back in place and even those roads right now are 
working on a very temporary basis only for the army, trucks, etcetera. 
So, even our own stuff cannot go up and down from those roads. So, 
these are things because we are working in some tougher terrains.  
 
So, these projects especially Sivok is an important project for me in this 
year for my revenue, so it did take a toll in my October to December 
quarter, and I see that happening till March because we're already in 
Feb and these activities are not picking up in this year. 
Vishal Periwal: 
But if I look at your quarter 3 numbers I think double-digit growth that 
we have shown. So, maybe there are certain projects which are 
compensating for that. So, can we expect the same continuing in 
quarter 4 also? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah that is the reason I'm saying the overall number would be in the 
range of about 11,500 plus, but yeah that is how it’s being doing and 
hopefully it will continue, but we should be there. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 28 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
So, I was looking at the numbers reported this year this quarter and 
when we look at the consolidated versus standalone for December 
2023, I noticed that the standalone number for December 2023 has 
dropped compared to December 2022, while the consolidated number 
has increased. Can you share some more information on how that 
changed? 
Ragini Advani: 
I just mentioned that on a standalone basis some of my projects were 
had a drop like I just give an example of Sivok and Myanmar more 
domestic as well as international. So, on standalone all those have 
taken a toll on my results. If you were to see it vis-a-vis the previous 
quarter, but on a consolidated basis I have two of my HAM projects 
which are fully operational, and I've started getting annuity incomes 
from them.  
 
Also, there have been some dividend inflows because of my joint 
ventures and subsidiaries. So, given all this consolidated I'm making it 
up but on a standalone I've taken that it. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
And when we talk about these auctions that you are being outfit by other 
players and you've mentioned a couple of times that these other players 
are getting ridiculous numbers which don't even cover the cost of the 
bid like project then can you give us some more information on why it 
couldn't be a case of less operational efficiency on your part?  
Ragini Advani: 
Sorry. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
I'm saying that if other companies are outbidding you in an auction and 
you're saying that the offers that we are making the numbers are very 
bad like it's not possible to even cover the cost of the project then could 
you give us a reason why or rather like some information on why this 
could be down to a more efficient operations from your compensation? 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 28 
Ragini Advani: 
No, all the serious players are the ones who have been in the industry 
and who are of our kind of size and credibility they are also not getting 
those jobs. I also mentioned that these are players who you would not 
have heard of and are taking the bids.  
Ayush Agarwal: 
So, please correct me if I'm wrong on this, but I have read that many 
times the government puts certain criteria on who can be qualified 
bidders for these projects. So, on that basis I would assume that these 
players whom no one has even heard of, wouldn't actually qualify for 
the bid? 
Ragini Advani: 
Again, as I mentioned there are couple of reasons. So, in certain 
projects where the project size is low or the EQC criteria such that some 
of these are very relaxed criteria where you have such kind of players 
who are coming and quoting ridiculously low and probably they would 
not be the players you would have heard of earlier as your serious long-
time competitors.  
 
So, that is one part which I mentioned, and I said that is where if there 
are 15, 16 players we would not even be L1, L2, L3. So, there is that 
class of orders which are happening right now in which we don't see 
ourselves standing a chance because of the kind of players who are 
coming, probably either they don't understand the business or they are 
trying to enter into the market by quoting low so that's something which 
I will not be able to comment upon, but long term serious players are 
not the ones who are winning this bids. 
 
But on the other hand there is a category of projects where the 
competition is good. The EQC is well laid out where we may not have 
won the jobs, but we may have been an L2 or L3. So, that’s another 
class of history that we've had recently.  
 
And third are certain projects where the tenders were expected to come 
out those are fairly complex or large size projects, but either they have 
not come out or if they came out then they have been rescheduled or 
retendered and that is where we see ourselves picking up a recent good 
file.  

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
So, it's all the three categories, but the category that you've been asking 
the question on the fact is that yes see there are many players 
especially local players and if the local zonal railways is taking it out you 
will have some many many players in that city or in that zone to do civil 
work.  
 
And you may see them doing the civil construction work and similar 
activities for railways as well when such tenders come out so they bid. 
The idea is to see if they'll be able to perform at that price. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
So, when you when you say that because of these projects getting 
delayed because of elections and environmental reasons and stuff, so 
does that mean there will be a spurt in a particular year or does that 
mean it will be a long-term increase year over year for these new 
projects which were delayed? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, what I'm trying to say is that as of now going forward for the next 
few months we expect there to be a lull and whatever projects we're 
already looking at we should be looking them coming after few months 
and then from there on onwards it should become a regular feature. So, 
this should be a short to midterm issue right now. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
My last question is regarding your EPC and modernization projects like 
the Japanese rail project that you're working on. I wanted to know as a 
business how much R&D is a part of your business strategy or do you 
generally rely on other parties to create technology and then you 
implement it in your project? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, the high speed project has been taken by Government of India 
based on JICA loan on Japanese technology only. So, there is no R&D 
or technology improvement that India is doing from their side. It's a well-
established technology in Japan and which is being imported into India 
and that is how the high speed is being set up. So, we are doing it on a 
project, technology as well as guidance from Japanese company and 
whosoever are associated in Japan for this project. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 28 
Ayush Agarwal: 
What I actually meant was how does this affect your technologies that 
you can offer in your bids for other project even in the conventional? 
Ragini Advani: 
Technology in our kind of jobs it is owner driven. What we do is an EPC, 
EPC may R&D and technology is not so significant part wherever it is 
done it is taken with the help of this thing, but per se it is not a critical 
factor for our kind of business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Akash Dhanuka an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
With respect to the PAT again ma'am we were. 8.12 in this current 
quarter and 8 in the previous quarter. So, are we a little conservative on 
guiding on 7.5? 
Ragini Advani: 
No, we are not. It really depends on the kind of where we are in the 
project cycle because when I'm talking of a PAT number we have a 7.61 
for the 9 months and we have 7.49 for the previous year 9 months and 
we had for FY23, 7.12. So, I am talking the same range. I don't know 
where you're putting 8.16. So, that’s on a quarter-to-quarter so quarter-
to-quarter really kind of project that we have, it could really vary. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
So, just correct me if I'm wrong on the conclusion part that we'll touch 
11,500 crores on the operational revenue, 500 crores on the other 
income part which brings us to 12,000 crores and on that we'll be 
earning 7.5% which amounts to a PAT of 900 crores? 
Ragini Advani: 
7 to 7.5 and it could be the overall revenue could be in the range of 
11,000 to 11,900. 
Akash Dhanuka: 
So, I mean as of now we have achieved a PAT of 682 crores. So, can 
we assume another let's say about 275 crores? 
Ragini Advani: 
Mathematics I'm sure you can do please. I'm confirming again and 
again the same. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niket Jadhav from 
Purnartha Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 28 
Niket Jadhav: 
So, if I'm not wrong out of the 8 road projects that we have 2 are 
completed. So, could you provide us the breakdown of how much 
income goes from the HAM model to operating and how much goes to 
other income? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, out of the 4 projects that are operational right now there are 2 are 
HAM projects. So, out of the 2 HAM projects that I have my interest 
income that I earned from them is roughly 130 odd crores, 140 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupali, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rupali: 
Can you please give us a flavor of contribution of roads, highways and 
railway projects in your total order book for FY25? 
Ragini Advani: 
I think roads and highways are about 15% to 20% so about 6,000 crore 
is highways out of 30,000 crores and about 2000 crores is others and 
balance about 21,000 is rail. 
Rupali: 
One more thing does this order book includes the overseas project as 
well? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah domestic as well as international. 
Rupali: 
International means which countries you are… 
Ragini Advani: 
So, we have Myanmar project. We are doing some works in Sri Lanka 
and Nepal, Bangladesh though some of them are under I mean they're 
at the fag-end of almost getting close and in Algeria. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma'am my question pertains to our standalone core EBITDA margins 
excluding other income. So, it seems to have being settling at say closer 
to 6.5 odd percent since the last 3, 4 quarters. So, assuming you know 
that we are expecting a 15% growth year over year, so can we expect 
that margins have stabilized here and once we heal up then economies 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 28 
of scale can play out and this margins can actually go upwards of say 
7.5? 
Ragini Advani: 
No, it's not about the economies of scale it is about the competition and 
the fact that the jobs are going at very, very thin and competitive 
margins. So, the very fact that we'll be able to protect them by itself and 
also continue to get good size of order book is the balancing that we'll 
be doing and we hope to continue doing that from a small-to-mid term 
perspective. It is not expected to go up the margins it would be a few 
percentage decline. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So, at least, as a stabilized year I would say 6.5 the core EBITDA 
margins or there is a scope of further going down? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, given our order book that we have right now and the margins therein 
we hope to be there, but having said that now we have to start securing 
more orders and the market is getting intense day-by-day. So, from a 
next 1 to 2-year perspective it should be there, but going forward I mean 
I'll only be able to tell as and when we pick up those orders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niket Jadhav from 
Purnartha Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Niket Jadhav: 
So, I had a question about our profit from associates and joint ventures. 
So, if we compare the 9 months of FY23 to the current 9 months of 
FY24. There's a jump from 18 crores to about 60 crores. So, could you 
tell me what is driving this increase in profit? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, there are two things. One as I told you that my two HAM projects 
are now fully operational and therefore, they are giving me a significant 
contribution to my PBT. Second in one of my coal projects CERL phase 
1, I had losses till about last quarter and the losses were significant 
while this quarter it has given me a profit. So, these are the two main 
reasons for this increase. 

                                                                                                   Ircon International Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 28 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. Over to you ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you so much for moderating the call, Mr. Dorwin. I would also 
like to thank all our shareholders, business partners, analyst, investor 
friends and the overall stakeholder community who have shown 
continuous faith on us and supported us throughout the journey.  
 
We assure you that we will continue to strive towards greater height and 
are doing all our efforts as management to carry on with this growth 
journey of ours. We would be happy to connect with you on one-to-one 
basis for any other further queries that you would have and take it 
forward. I conclude today's concall and thank you once again for your 
participation. Thank you, everyone and good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you all for being a part of the conference call. If you need any 
further 
information 
or 
clarification, 
please 
e-mail 
at 
sachin.garg@ircon.org. Thank you everyone for joining this call. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
