February 16, 2024
The Secretary
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001
Scrip Code: 540975
The Manager,
Listing Department,
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2023
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
This is further to our earlier letter dated February 09, 2024, regarding Video/ Audio recordings of
Earnings call of the Company for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, held on February 09,
2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said Earnings call.
The 
same 
is 
also 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.com/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Thank you
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited
Hemish Purushottam
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM
Digitally signed by HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2024.02.16 16:59:43 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 33 
  
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY24 Results Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 9, 2024 
 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
Management:   
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director  
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director  
Dr. Nitish Shetty – Chief Executive Officer, India 
Mr. Amitabh Johri – Joint CFO 
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Joint CFO 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief of Investor Relations and M&A 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Balachander R  
__________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 2 of 33 
Balachander R: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare earnings 
conference call for the third quarter of FY24. The company declared the Q3 
and 9M financial results for FY 2023-24. With us, we have the senior 
management of Aster DM Healthcare namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, Deputy 
Managing Director; Mr. T. J. Wilson, Non-Executive Director; Dr. Nitish Shetty, 
CEO of Aster India; Mr. Amitabh Johri, Joint CFO; Mr. Sunil Kumar, Joint CFO 
and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief of Investor Relations and M&A. Dr. Azad 
Moopen, our Chairman & Managing Director is unable to join today's earnings 
call due to some personal commitments. 
 
I would like to inform everyone about how we will conduct this call. All 
external attendees will be in listen-only mode for the duration of the entire 
call. We will start the call with opening remarks by management, followed by 
an interactive Q&A session. During the Q&A session, you will get a chance to 
ask a question by raising your hand by clicking on the raise hand icon in Zoom 
application at the bottom of your window. We will call out your name after 
which your line will be unmuted, and you will be able to ask your question. 
We request you to please limit your questions to two, but not more than three 
per participant at a time. 
                                           Certain forward-looking statements may be discussed in this meeting and 
such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government 
actions; local, political, or economic developments, technological risks and 
many other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. Aster 
DM Healthcare Limited, will not be in any way responsible for any action taken 
based on such statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update 
these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or 
circumstances.  
                                            With this, I will ask Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with opening remarks. Over 
to you Ms. Alisha. 
Ms. Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you Bala. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our Q3 
and 9M FY24 earnings call. Ladies and gentlemen, I will provide an update 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 3 of 33 
about the most important development which was the voting on the 
restructuring and the sale of the GCC business and of course, will be giving an 
update on the consolidated quarterly performance and also touching on the 
performance of our GCC operations before Dr. Nitish talks about India 
business for the quarter.  
                                           On the segregation of the GCC and the India business, I really want to express 
my profound gratitude to our esteemed shareholders for their resounding 
approval of our initiative to segregate our GCC operations. This endorsement 
not only grants us a necessary mandate, but also instills the enthusiasm to 
nurture and strengthen our operations in India, underscoring our 
commitment to align with your trust in our strategic direction. 
                                           The voting of the resolutions regarding the segregation of GCC got concluded 
on the 22nd of January 2024, with a significant voting in favor of separating 
the GCC business from our Indian operations and the resolution which 
involves approving the sale of a material subsidiary, shareholders showed a 
strong support with an impressive 99.96% of votes in favor. In the resolution 
which involves approving the sale of the GCC business as a related party 
transaction, we are very pleased to report an overwhelming support with an 
impressive 99.86% of eligible votes in favor.  
                                           It is very crucial to highlight that given the nature of this resolution as a related 
party transaction, the related parties were excluded from voting in favor of 
the transaction. Excluding those considered as related parties under the law, 
holders representing 26% of votes were entitled to vote on the majority of 
minority resolution, which encompasses 16% of institutional investors and 
10% retail holders. Of the same holders representing 22% shares voted 
towards the transaction, comprising 15% institutional investors and 7% retail 
holders. Remarkably, all the 20 institutional investors cast their vote in favor 
of the transaction, again, showing unanimous support amongst the major 
domestic and foreign institutional investors. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 4 of 33 
                                            Among the top 100 investors, nearly one investor voted against the 
transaction, again underscoring a widespread approval. Voting among the 
retail holders also yielded excellent results, with an impressive 99.97% of 
retail holders voting in favor of the transaction. Really, in summary, an 
overwhelming 99.86% of votes supported the majority of minority resolution, 
reflecting a strong confidence in an approval of the proposed transaction. 
Moving forward, post the successful closing of the proposed transaction, our 
intention, as published earlier is to distribute between 70% to 80% of the 
upfront consideration of $903 million as a dividend to our shareholders. This 
dividend is expected to be within the range of INR 110 to INR 120 per share, 
subject to the necessary corporate approvals mandated by the law. 
                                           The closing of the transaction is spending the fulfillment of certain condition 
precedent including approval from competent merger control authorities in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. I'm pleased to share that we're currently in 
advanced stage of completion of all these conditions. We're diligently working 
towards meeting all these requirements to ensure a very smooth and timely 
closure of the transaction by the end of this financial year FY24. The 
overwhelming support from our shareholders, really serves as a very strong 
affirmation of our strategic direction to segregate the India and the GCC 
businesses. This strategic move is aimed at unlocking value, demonstrating 
our commitment to creating sustainable growth and delivering enhanced 
returns for our shareholders. 
                                           Now moving into the consolidated financial performance for Q3 FY24. On a 
consolidated basis, our revenue has experienced significant growth, reaching 
3,711 crores, which represents a 16% year-on-year increase, supported by the 
ramp-up of the new hospitals, which were started in the last two financial 
years, which has allowed us to expand our capacity by more than 780 beds 
over the last year. The strong growth extended across both the Indian and the 
GCC regions and was further amplified by various cost-saving initiatives as 
well. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 5 of 33 
                                           As a result, our operating EBITDA has exhibited robust growth, increasing 28% 
year-on-year to reach INR 583 crores, up from INR 456 crores in Q3 FY23, 
resulting in expansion of our overall operating EBITDA margins to 15.7% 
compared to 14.3% in Q3 FY23. Our headline PAT performance has also 
demonstrated a strong growth with a 29% year-on-year increasing to INR 179 
Crores in Q3 FY24 as compared to INR 139 Crores in Q3 FY23. If we actually 
exclude the impact of the new hospital losses and the non-recurring 
exceptional costs which were incurred during the quarter, PAT has increased 
by 53% to INR 213 crores in Q3 FY24 as opposed to INR  139 crores in Q3 FY23.  
Coming to the GCC performance, our GCC business has achieved a 14% year-
on-year revenue growth in Q3 FY24, reaching INR 2,761 crores, primarily 
driven by improvement in our occupancy rate, which has reached 58% during 
the quarter, compared to 50% in Q3 FY23, indicating a very effective asset 
utilization following all our investments in the last year. Our operating EBITDA 
has surged by 24% to INR 415 crores, with EBITDA margins standing at 15% 
this quarter versus 13.8% in Q3 FY23 due to better performance from the 
hospital vertical, retail vertical, cost optimization initiatives, as well as 
operational leverage. Excluding one off exceptional items, the PAT saw a year-
on-year increase of 20%, standing at INR 131 crores as compared to INR 109 
crores in Q3FY23. Across the board, all our divisions have experienced notable 
growth, hospitals have increased by 15% year-on-year, pharmacies by 12%, 
and clinics have seen a 20% improvement year-over-year. 
Amitabh will be elaborating more on the GCC financials later. I'm also very 
happy to inform you that After Pharmacy was declared the winner in the Best 
Pharmacy Retailer of the Year and Best Omni-Channel Loyalty Program of the 
Year at the Middle East Retail and E-commerce Summit in 2023. I really want 
to express again my heartfelt gratitude once again to all of you for your trust 
that you've placed in us. We're genuinely excited about the journey ahead, 
and we are fully committed to delivering not only value but sustained growth 
in the years to come. Your confidence, it really fuels our determination, and 
we look forward to exceeding your expectations and creating shared success. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 6 of 33 
I would now request our India CEO, Dr. Nitish Shetty, to share more details on 
the India business and its growth perspective. Over to you Doctor.  
 
Dr. Nitish Shetty:            Thank you, Alisha. A very good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us 
for the Q3 FY 2024 earnings call. India's healthcare market is poised for 
remarkable growth. It's expected to reach USD 638 billion by 2025 with a 
CAGR of 22%. Recognizing this potential, we are committed to expanding our 
healthcare services in the region of our presence. Regarding Q3 FY 2024 
performance in India, we are thrilled to report a 23% year-to-year revenue 
increase reaching Rs 949 crores driven by our ongoing capacity expansion 
efforts of adding 750 plus beds this financial year. Our focus on cost 
optimization and operational leverage has boosted our operating EBITDA by 
37% to INR 168 crores resulting in an operating EBITDA margin of 17.7% up 
from 15.9% in Q3FY23. Notably, our mature hospitals achieved an operating 
EBITDA margin of 21.7%, contributing to the overall hospital margin of nearly 
20%. Our post NCI PAT has more than doubled, showing an impressive 105% 
year-to-year growth to Rs.62 crore in Q3 of FY24.  
                                            Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about our prospects in India. To 
capitalize on the vast population and low hospital bed densities, we are 
strategically investing in significant capital expenditure, aiming for total bed 
capacity of over 6,600 by the financial year 2027, which includes adding 
approximately 1,700 beds. Furthermore, we have strengthened the 
healthcare ecosystem by establishing 224 labs, patient experience centers 
and 223 pharmacies across Karnataka, Kerala and Telangana. These initiatives 
have contributed to 36% year-to-year revenue increase during the nine 
months of financial year 2024.  
                                           We are also proud to announce that Aster Medcity, a flagship hospital, has 
been ranked number 1 in the best multi-specialty hospital emerging category 
by Week Hansa research for the year 2023. This reflects our dedication to 
delivering quality healthcare services. As we move forward, we are confident 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 7 of 33 
that our focused approach in India will yield positive results. We look forward 
to sharing our progress with you in the upcoming quarters. Now I invite our 
joint CFOs Amitabh and Sunil to provide more insight into our financial 
performance. Thank you.                   
Amitabh Johri:                Thank you, Dr. Nitish and Alisha. Thanks for this. Good morning, everyone. 
First of all, I would like to thank you for joining the earnings call for Q3 FY24 
I'll be covering the consolidated performance for the business. Shall be also 
covering the GCC performance and then I will request Sunil to take over the 
India-related performance update. On a consolidated basis, our revenue from 
the operations for Q3FY24 was INR 3,711 crores, an increase of 16% year on 
year. Consolidated operating EBITDA for the quarter was at INR 583 crores, as 
against INR 456 crores during the same period last financial year, which is a 
growth of 28%. Consolidated PAT post-NCI is at INR 179 crores as compared 
to INR 139 crores in Q3FY23. PAT losses for new hospitals amounted to INR 
20 crores. Operational losses from affiliates, largely Aster Arabia, our joint 
venture in Saudi Arabia, has amounted to INR 8 crores. And one-time 
restructuring costs towards the segregation amounted to INR 6 crores that 
were recorded in this quarter. Excluding these items, the adjusted PAT post 
NCI stands at INR 213 crores in Q3FY24 as against INR 139 crores in Q3FY23, 
a strong growth of 53% on a year-on-year basis. Now, going specific on the 
GCC performance, revenue from our GCC operations in Q3 FY24 was INR 
2,761 crores, an increase of 14% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA from GCC 
operations stands at INR 415 crores as against INR 334 crores in Q3 FY23, a 
growth of 24% on year-on-year basis. PAT post NCI from GCC operations 
stands at INR 117 crores as against INR 109 crores in FY23 Q3, which is a 
growth of 7%. Post the adjustments that we had called out earlier, the non-
recurring items the PAT post NCI stands at INR 131 crores in Q3 FY24, a growth 
of 20%.  
Coming to segmental performance for the quarter. GCC hospital revenue was 
at INR 1,222 crores, a strong increase of 15% year on year basis and EBITDA 
stands at INR 210 crores compared to INR 171 crores in Q3 FY23 a growth of 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 8 of 33 
22% with an EBITDA margin of 17.1%. Our new hospitals that went 
operational late last year are seeing better performance while matured 
hospitals are seeing higher occupancy. Overall, GCC hospital occupancy has 
increased from 50% in Q3 FY23 to 58% in Q3 FY24.GCC clinics revenue stands 
at INR 792 crores, an increase of 20% year on year basis. EBITDA for GCC clinic 
segment stands at INR 180 crores compared to INR 142 crores in Q3 FY23, a 
growth of 27% and EBITDA margin of 22.7%. GCC pharmacies revenue stands 
at INR 932 crores, an increase of 12% year on year basis. EBITDA increased 
from INR 98 crores to INR 118 crores, an increase of 19% on year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA margin for this segment in Q3 FY24 was at 12.6%.  
                                           GCC net debt stands at USD 155 million as at 31st December 2023 compared 
to USD 163 million as at 31 March 2023. The capital expenses for Q3 FY24 
were at INR 78 crores. Now I would request joint CFO Mr. Sunil Kumar to take 
you through the India performance during the period. Thank you.  
Sunil Kumar M R        Thank you, Amitabh. Good morning everyone. For the quarter ended 31st 
December 2023, India revenues have increased to INR 949 crores up by 23% 
from INR 771 crores in Q3 FY23 and operating EBITDA has increased to INR 
168 crores with a margin of 17.7% compared to INR 123 crores with a margin 
of 15.9% in Q3 FY23 with a growth of 37%. PAT post NCI for Q3 FY24 is at INR 
62 crores compared to INR 30 crores in Q3 FY23 with a growth of 105% year 
on year. 
 
For 9 months ended 31st December 2023, India revenues have increased to 
INR 2,721 crores up by 25% as compared to 9M FY23. And operating EBITDA 
has increased to INR 453 crores with a margin of 16.6% as compared to INR 
342 crores in 9M FY23 with a growth of 32%. PAT post-NCI for 9M FY24 is at 
153 crores compared to 99 crores in 9M FY23 with a growth of 54% year on 
year. We have been actively pursuing margin expansion in our hospitals by 
implementing rigorous efficiency measures in the areas of revenue assurance, 
material cost and other overheads. This aims to enhance revenue, optimize 
operational cost, improve ROCE and ultimately strengthen the overall 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 9 of 33 
performance of our business in India. This is evidenced in the performance of 
our hospital and clinical segments. Specifically, the revenue from India 
hospitals and clinics excluding the O&M asset light hospitals stands at 869 
crores in Q3 FY24 with a growth of 19% year on year. And the operating 
EBITDA stands at 181 crores with a margin of 20.8% as compared to 143 
crores in Q3 FY23 with a growth of 27% year on year. ROCE for this segment 
stands at 21.8% in Q3 FY24 trailing 12 months compared to 17.9% in the same 
period last year. Moving on to the performance of our mature hospitals 
operating for over three years. For the quarter ended December 31st, 2023, 
revenue rose to 816 crores, marking 16% increase from INR 705 crores in Q3 
FY23. Operating EBITDA climbed to INR 177 crores with a margin of 21.7% 
compared to INR 141 crores with a margin of 20.1% in Q3FY23, reflecting a 
growth of 26%. Furthermore, ROCE of mature hospitals showed a significant 
improvement, reaching to 27.1% compared to 19.2% in the corresponding 
period last year. For the first 9 months of FY23, capital expenditure amounting 
to 287 crores has been incurred, with nearly 60% allocated to expanding our 
capacity. Aster India net debt stands at 632 crores as on 31st December 23 
compared to 510 crores as on 31st March 2023. On that note, I conclude my 
remarks. We would be happy to answer any questions that you may have. 
Now I request Balachander to open the question-and-answer session. Thank 
you.  
Balachander R:              Thanks, Sunil. We can move on to the Q&A session. Before moving on to the 
Q&A session, I would also like to highlight if all the participants can introduce 
yourself with your name and the company that you are associated with. If 
you're not associated with the company and if you're an individual investor, 
you can highlight that also. Moving on to the Q&A session, the first question 
is from Sanjay Shah. Sanjay, if you can unmute yourself and ask your question. 
Sanjay Shah:                   Yes, am I audible? 
Balachander R:   
Yes, Sanjay you are audible now. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 10 of 33 
Sanjay Shah: 
Hi, gentlemen. Good morning, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I would 
like to understand the strategy for Aster India and as you highlighted the 
growth path on the increasing the bed counts and can you elaborate how 
we are planning for next two, three years on hospital side, lab and even our 
pharmacy? That was my question and more it was related to, we came 
across the interview that you are planning to even invite some strategic 
partner as a promoter to carry forward this growth story. So, can you 
highlight upon that please? Thank you.  
Ms. Alisha Moopen:      So, thank you, thank you Sanjay. Maybe Dr. Nitish, I can ask you to answer the 
India strategy. 
Dr Nitish Shetty:          Thanks Alisha. So Sanjay, now in our earlier presentation also we are focused 
heavily on future plans. To put it in a nutshell, our future plan is to be among 
the top three in India. Our vision is very clear for the next five years. We want 
to be top three in India. Having said that, the immediate plan is to ramp up 
the existing capacity beds. That is from 4,800 to 6,600. We are planning to roll 
up 1,700 beds in the next three years, by year 2027. This is the combination 
of brownfield and greenfield projects, 60% of the beds are going to be added 
as a brownfield. Brownfield, when I say brownfield, it is the expansion of the 
existing capacity in existing hospitals. We are adding beds in Kerala Cluster, 
Medcity and a few of our hospitals there. Also, we are expanding the capacity 
beds with hospitals in Karnataka. Now, also we are planning a greenfield 
project basically in Kerala. We are adding close to 600 bed hospital, to start 
off with 460 beds in Trivandrum, and then we are adding 250 beds in Kasargod 
hospital in Kerala as a part of greenfield projects. These are the plan we have 
but we are also open for further inorganic expansion in the adjoining 
geography. 
 
We are already present in three states now, Karnataka, Kerala, and Andhra 
Pradesh. We have some presence in Maharashtra and Telangana also. But we 
are also actively looking at expanding our footprints in the neighboring 
geographies. We are also looking at having also presence in Northern India in 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 11 of 33 
states like Uttar Pradesh and also we are very actively making an opportunity 
in Maharashtra through inorganic growth, which can be through M&A and 
coming to the labs and the pharmacy vertical, this is something we have 
started to create an integrated healthcare ecosystem around the hospital. 
This is basically to enhance the patient’s experience and convenience. 
 
So, for that reason, we have deployed close to 223 labs and lab experience 
centers and then around close to 230 pharmacies. And all these pharmacies 
and labs are located in the geographic area already have a presence in terms 
of having a large hospital. So, this is a plan now, but right now we are focusing 
on pharmacies and labs to kind of break even, bring in the financial viability 
and sustainability, which we are confident of doing it in the lab next quarter 
itself, Q4 and when it comes to pharmacy, we might take another year or two 
to break even. But at the same time, if we are expanding our footprints in 
other geographies through hospitals, we will be also scaling up in terms of 
doing by Lab and pharmacy business in other geographies. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So, when we talk about growing your bed counts, especially in tier two and 
tier three cities. So is the rising cost of the bed is that proposition works well 
for us or we are going for some light asset model. And the other thing was 
about pharmacy. How do you see that change? Are we planning to go into 
B2C for general pharmacy or only to the customer or the patient who are 
housing in our hospitals, is that only is our forte? 
Nitish Shetty:                   It's a combination of both B2C and B2B because we are deploying this 
pharmacy on a standalone basis in the geographic where we have presence. 
So, it'll keep major to the B2C in the geographies, we are present, but also, 
we are leveraging on that B2B advantage what we have in terms of brand 
presence and brand growth. 
Sanjay Shah:                   And about tier 2, tier 3 expansion? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 12 of 33 
Nitish Shetty:                  Yeah, tier 2, tier 3, see, the biggest strength of Aster, if you really look at us, 
60 to 70 percent of our beds are in the tier 2, tier 1 cities already. And only 30 
percent of our beds are in the metro. We have that expertise to make a 
working model, viable model, a successful model in the tier 2, tier 1 cities. 
That gives us tremendous confidence in kind of exploring the opportunities in 
Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, which we have already done through asset light 
models. We have deployed four hospitals, different geographies.  
We have done two of those in Kerala, one in Andhra, and one in Karnataka. 
We had a mixed response to that. 50% of those models have done well and 
50% are taking some time to reach a state of giving us the confidence to 
pursue this model. As it is early days now, we are in the phase of just 
observing how this model will play out in the next one year. But we are 
confident that in the post one year this model will demonstrate the viability. 
We have this asset light model because it might not generate enough margins 
in terms of EBITDA, but this model is good for ROCE. So, we are looking at this 
model closely, but probably a year down the line we should reach.  
Sanjay Shah: 
I appreciate, sir my last question was regarding any landmark we have 
received or on getting any bids or any inquiries about our strategic 
partnership in India and for Indian operation. 
Dr. Nitish Shetty: 
That I would like to request Alisha.  
Alisha Moopen: 
Sure Dr. Nitish, so Sanjay, I think we've been very lucky as Aster we've had a 
couple of PE who been partners with us over the last 10, 15 years. Of course, 
you know, with all PEs they do at some point exit, some people who've been 
with us for a long time, so at that point we would look at having someone else 
join us. We are trying to look for the right strategic partner for us who would 
be able to assist us in further value creation as we are now looking into India 
only strategy. So early days, but we hope that we'll have someone coming on 
board when the time is right. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you, Ma’am, really helpful. I'll come back in queue. Thank you very 
much. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 13 of 33 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
Sanjay just also wanted to add to what Alisha, mentioned. We are seeing a lot 
of interest coming in from the PE investor side as well as many PE investors 
are keen to come into this kind of opportunity. But we are also evaluating 
from various perspectives which partner will make sense for our long-term 
growth journey. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Great, good luck to you sir. Thank you. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Sanjay. The next participant who is asking question is Amrish. 
Amrish, if you can unmute yourself. 
Amrish: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. My name is Amrish, and I'm an individual investor. Coming to 
nitpick on the sequential numbers, if you could throw some more color on 
the Karnataka operations. So just on a sequential basis, financial results are 
a little muted, partly understood because of the Whitefield expansion. But 
also, if I look at the operational metrics, if you could shed some light on the 
operational beds have gone down and our PECs have reduced quite 
significantly from, I think, 76 to 50. Is there something to look at over here 
or it's just a one off? 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you Amrish. Sunil maybe you can go into the. 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah, I'll start with that maybe Dr. Nitish can add to this also, Amrish, thanks 
for the question. So, with respect to Karnataka, Maharashtra yes, right, see 
Karnataka & Maharashtra all know that quarter three is a quarter of festival, 
right from October to November to December, we always see that occupancy 
dip happening there, right. And when you look at the occupancy also there is 
a dip which has happened that is reflecting on the little bit of the numbers 
also, for example, CMI had, I think, 8% to 10% dip specifically due to the 
festival season. And also, yes that Whitefield will come into picture it's diluting 
at the cluster level margins also, but the 9 Months when you look at, we are 
at 19.4% operating EBITDA margin for Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster. But 
if you exclude the Whitefield Block A&B, we are at 22.2% so that we were 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 14 of 33 
quite strong there and also, we are already seeing that Jan numbers coming 
in. We have a very good month for across India, not only Karnataka, 
Maharashtra, that is one bit if it.  
                                           Now coming to the other PEC numbers, yes PEC numbers have come down. I 
think we were at the peak. We were something like 250 plus. Now it has come 
down to 223 to 224 and that is basically because we have closed down certain 
franchise collection centers. So, you already know that out of the 220 odd 
numbers, we have 16 labs that are processing labs and balance 208 is basically 
your collection centers, which we call as a patient experience centers. And 
these things usually are done through franchise. Company doesn't invest in it, 
and you always know when you do a ramp-up, we always look at kind of the 
other franchise partner also looks for a breakeven very quickly, for certain 
locations may not really worked well. Those cases, we're trying to either close 
down or shift from that location to another location. And that is a change 
which is happening due to which only the numbers have come down. 
Amrish: 
Thanks, and the operational beds in Karnataka in there anything to read in 
that? 
Sunil Kumar: 
No, basically it has happened in Madegowda hospital, Aster Madegowda 
hospital had a total bed counts to 100 beds with the operational beds of 89. 
Now currently, it's occupancy is quite low, right. So, when I say occupancy it's 
between around 20 odd beds, so we can't keep all the 100 beds operational. 
So, we ensured that to save the cost we cordoned off certain beds basically 
and only kept around 40 beds currently operational to drive that. 
Amrish: 
Thank you. The second question, just a broader question on the use of funds. 
So, we're going to pay out 70% to 80% as a dividend. The balance 20% to 
30% as Dr. Nitish has already highlighted that perhaps we will use this for 
inorganic or will be used to reduce debt, or is there any other plan for this at 
the moment? 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 15 of 33 
Alisha Moopen:       I think Amrish, we're still working with the Board to look at to evaluate 
opportunities like what Dr. Nitish said that we have to be opportunistic in 
some of those decisions, so of course there will be a small fund that is 
available post this. But it's still kind of Board are still evaluating the various 
options. 
Amrish: 
Thank you, and I wish everyone the best. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Amrish. The next question is from Bino. Bino, if you can unmute 
yourself. 
Bino: 
Good morning, I hope I'm audible. 
Balachander R: 
Yes, you are audible.                                  
Bino: 
So, I just had a question around the broad strategy thought behind getting 
a PE partner in, so you already have a pretty good expansion plan in place 
and adding almost 40% more to the capacity more over the next three years. 
You have identified the geographic areas where to grow, etc? How would 
this change suppose you actually get into PE partnership? How will that 
investment change the strategic direction and how would it accelerate 
things? 
Hitesh Dhaddha: 
So, if I can take up this Alisha. Yeah, so Bino, thanks for the question. As Dr. 
Nitish laid out, you know, the organic plans are pretty much in place and the 
cash that business is generating, India is generating, I think, would be kind of 
self sufficient to be able to help us deliver on the organic growth plan. So, I 
think the PE partner will kind of help more on the inorganic front and some of 
the other new edge initiatives that we may want to take up in future. So, I 
think it's more going to be an add-on to what our existing strong growth plans 
are and you know how we can create more value for our shareholders in 
future for those initiatives. 
Bino: 
Got it, thank you. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 16 of 33 
Balachander R: 
The next question is from Alankar. Alankar, you may please unmute yourself. 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. This is Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Sir my first question is, I know you've delivered a 
pretty strong 20% EBITDA margins in a seasonally weak quarter in the India 
business I mean despite all that expansion, which have carried out in the last 
12 months or so. Now going forward, there is, as you said, that further 
expansion planned then on top of I mean, within that expansion, it's going 
to be a mix of 40% greenfield and some of the low margin O&M asset-light 
hospitals as well. So just if you could help us understand how the EBITDA 
margin trajectory, given all these moving parts in the India business is going 
to be over the next, say, two to three years? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yeah. Thank you, Alankar. For the question. Yes, so what you said is very right 
for the hospital clinic segment. We closed the quarter 20.8% and for nine 
months period we are 20.2%. And even at the consolidated level, we are at 
16.6%. And one of the things which we are able to expand margin is basically 
because of the multiple measures which were taken internally, whether 
which I talked about in my speech also on certain optimization measures, 
whether it's revenue assurance, or whether it's the manpower, material cost 
savings  we were driven down from our highest of 25% now, we are doing it 
almost like 20 to  21.5% so all those things are resulting in margin expansion 
And we see that still a lot of scope is there in terms of manpower and other 
overheads, which we are trying to do that now and keeping that in mind, 
when I look at the margin expansion, I can't give exact numbers. But broadly 
what we see, see we also have to understand that as Dr. Nitish called out our 
70% of the beds are in the non-metro and only 30% beds are in metros. But 
still we have a very good ARPOB of almost 40,000 and also with the large 
brownfield expansion happening in coming years, next two to three years, we 
see that there will be no much of EBITDA drag or margin drag and including 
all the expansion 1,700 beds, we are looking at the next two to three years, 
approximately, only in the hospital and clinic segment, we are looking at least 
300 to 400 basis points expansion, which is expected in the first two to three 
years. And in terms of consolidated also we can look at beyond that numbers 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 17 of 33 
because one of the thing, which is dragging at the consol level, is the new 
vertical which we started like labs and pharmacy. So those are the expected 
to stop the cash burn with that added to advantage, we should grow beyond 
20% in next two to three years. I hope that answers your question, Alankar. 
Alisha Moopen: 
I think we are very mindful, just to add to what Sunil said about making sure 
the margins continue to improve. So, I think we have designed the expansion 
also very much to ensure that there is no drag. I think we've got sufficient 
capacity now still got utilization to go as well as Sunil mentioned with all the 
cost-saving initiatives. We don't expect any expansion that we plan to do over 
the next few years which are penciled in to have a drag. So, we only see a 
margin expansion happening going forward. 
Alankar Garude: 
 I understood that's helpful. Maybe just taking that point, further, if you  
have to break down our margins across the three clusters in India even the 
flagship cluster, we are at 21% I think in the previous call, we did allude to 
certain factors which lead to the Kerala cluster margins being, lower than 
what we would ideally like. And then on top of that, we have Karnataka, 
Maharashtra and Andhra Telangana of course, is clearly suboptimal. So, 
when you talk about this 300-400 basis points, so are there any low hanging 
fruits across some of these clusters, which you would want to specifically 
highlight? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yes, Alankar. When we say low hanging. What we're seeing is that it's all about 
occupancy, right? If you look at currently, we are at a very optimal capacity of 
68% or 69% current or 70% in the current quarter and every occupancy which 
increases the volume we drive down or the revenue increment revenue which 
comes in, we see majority of it coming down to the bottom line.  
And specifically, for example, when we talk about expansion, you know, we 
have a 100-beds expansion happening in Kannur. So, Kannur is very near to, 
in the higher teens, is what the EBITDA margin is there. With adding 100 beds, 
what will happen is that there is no fixed cost increase, because of which we 
can expand the margin faster there. Then also, Aster Medcity, which is 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 18 of 33 
running at approximately 90% occupancy, they're also running 100 beds 
there. And that is expected to get operational in the next six months or seven 
months’ time. With that coming also, we are looking at a margin expansion 
very quickly because you don't have to add too many manpower, except for 
the direct manpower, like nurses and few junior doctors. Majority of the 
consultants are already there. So again, we don't see that. Same thing which 
is going to happen in our Whitefield also. Whitefield was a new unit started, 
the cash burn what we expected compared to that we are doing really well 
there. And even the ramp up which is happening there in terms of occupancy 
volumes and the revenue is really good. It will hit the numbers faster than 
CMI. What it took almost six years, it can do it really early. So, keeping that in 
mind, we see major expansion margins coming in Kerala because of the 
brownfield expansion and even in Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster also. 
Because all are these are very mature states in the occupancy where the 
incremental revenue, the flow down which will happen to the EBITDA is quite 
high. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, Thank you, sir.  
Nitish Shetty:               
Sunil made his observation. Other low hanging fruit is, 70% of our patients are 
cash patients, because of our presence in tier 2, tier 3 cities. And then, earlier 
challenges were the minimum wages of the nurses which has impacted our 
margin but that has to be corrected. Market has to observe that. So, there is 
a head route to correct the pricing. If you really look at the ARBOP, how the 
ARBOP was grown year to year in Kerala, that will continue to grow. In fact, it 
will do better in the coming years. That's another easy path. But we need to 
be mindful of the big capacity of the genre. But going by what we have our 
previous experience, the affordability is not a major challenge in a state like 
Kerala. That's another upside we have, which is going to unfold in the next 
months and years to come. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Sir, one final question. If I may if so, given that say 30%, as you 
said, of our beds are in the metros, if you were to compare, say at the Aster 
hospital in our Tier 2, Tier 3 market versus, say, a hospital in Bangalore in 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 19 of 33 
terms of the clinical mix or the surgical specialty mix. So how would you 
broadly compare these two sets of hospitals? 
Nitish Shetty: 
Yeah. I've taken an example of our flagship hospital, Medcity, which is Tier 1 
city, it's not in the Metro. But when it comes to clinical competence and 
specialty mix, it's at par with the metro hospital. In terms of the competency 
level, there's also specialty mix. There's nothing that Medcity can't do where 
it has to be referred to the hospital in metro Bangalore. In fact, it's in certain 
areas, it is better than any of the metro hospitals because of the clinical talent 
and infrastructure what we have there. Beyond Medcity, even in the tier two 
cities like Kannur and Calicut, the work we are closing towards being a 
quaternary care hospital is there. Even, when I say quaternary care, robotic 
surgeries, organ transplant, all this work that are happening in the tier two, 
tier three city of hospitals of us. So that's a conviction of what is going to 
happen in the future and how the things are going to evolve. I think Aster 
reflects what is going to play out in India in the coming years, the future. What 
happens in Aster is going to happen in the Indian healthcare landscape across 
the states also. But I think we will be the flag bearer of this change and we 
have a conviction that this work model we have created is here to stay and to 
keep on going forward. 
Alankar Garude:            That’s helpful. Thank you, Sir. 
Balachander R:            
Thank you, Alankar. The next question is from Naman. 
Naman:                       
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. And it's just a follow-up on the 
previous participant's question. So first is on the beds and expansion side. 
So, we have almost 4,800 bed capacity in India, and we have operationalized 
around 3,500 beds. So how many and where are the major beds 
operationalization we are seeing from the existing bed capacity over the 
next three years? 
Sunil Kumar:            
Yeah, thank you, Naman. See, when you looked at 4,800 beds only, if you say 
3,500 beds what you are looking at is operational census beds. There are also 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 20 of 33 
another 900 plus non-census beds which is operational. So, if you look at that 
way, almost 4,500 beds are operational. So, capacity which is yet to 
operationalize, which already have the capacity, equipment or the medical 
furnishings are already ready, we have to just operate that somewhere 
between 250 to 300 beds. That is basically in three places. One is in the 
Andhra, that is Guntur. Then you have our newly opened Aster Whitefield 
Hospital because in the phase one we opened almost 350 beds. Another 
phase two is there, which is in work in progress which is 150 beds. Out of 350 
beds, we have only operationalized 140 to 150 beds. Still there is a scope to 
operationalize. Another 50 beds which is pending is our Aster G Madegowda 
Hospital which is a O&M asset light model. So, Naman, I hope that answers 
the first part of your question. What was the second question? 
Naman:                       
Second part is, out of the pipeline of 1,700 beds, how much is it brownfield 
and greenfield? 
Sunil: 
So as of now I would say when you say greenfield really which we are driving 
it is basically coming in the capital or Aster capital, Trivandrum that is 450 
beds which is greenfield then you have got in another in the north of Kerala 
which is Kasargod which is 264 beds or 254 beds which is the greenfield. 
Otherwise, majority of these is the O&M projects or the Brownfield 
expansions which we are doing. 
Naman: 
Got it. And one last question. So as per your PPT, we have seen there are 
quite a few smaller format hospitals and there are 4 to 5 hospitals which 
have a huge bed capacity of more than 300 or 400 beds. So, we have seen 
hospitals talk about building larger format hospitals to have a larger 
operating leverage. So, any thoughts around this strategy that we would 
look going forward, increasing our bed capacity to hospitals which are just 
currently 100 or 200 bedded and moving them to 400 beds, 300 beds 
capacity to get a major leverage?  
Nitish Shetty: 
Yeah, Naman, you're right. The larger format hospital makes more sense in 
terms of financial viability and return on investment. That's a way forward. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 21 of 33 
But if you really look at our strategy, we believe in cluster approach. We are 
focused on particular geography and maximize our footprint there. In that 
context, a combo of both large and mid-sized hospital always helps. It's pretty 
like, it's like a hub and spoke model. But if you're going to get into entirely 
individual geography, a large format hospital is a must. 
                                            That's, we have worked for a period of time. Now we believe in that. That's a 
way of model going forward. Now the smaller hospitals, when you talk about 
smaller hospital in the Aster group. So, all about, apart from the asset light, 
because of mid-size hospitals, which are in the range of 200 to 300. 
                                            Right now, that's an ideal capacity in a tier 2, tier 3 cities. But when it comes 
to Metro, a hospital of 500 bed is a prerequisite, and it's a must now. In that 
context, the mix what you have is right, but if you are going to new geography, 
we'll be pursuing a larger model. But in the area where we are already 
dominant, we are not averse to adding a hospital of size of two hundred or 
three.  
Naman: 
That answers my question. Thanks, a lot. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you. Thanks, Naman. And we have a gentle reminder for the 
participants to click on the raise hand icon to be added to the Q&A question 
queue. The next question is from Harith. 
 Harith: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the labs and 
pharmacies division. So can you give a sense of our plans in terms of network 
expansion both on the pharmacy side as well as the lab business? When I 
look at the pharmacy count as of December 23 it's declined a bit on a YoY 
basis so is there any change in thought process there?  
  
Sunil Kumar: 
So, Harith, with respect to the pharmacy bit of it, at the peak level we were at 
257. Now we are at 220 plus. You know, when you open a retail store, we 
have to see that the yield per day per store, it has to increase at an expected 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 22 of 33 
number. When the ramp-up is slower, we try to do certain corrective 
measures to see that we can optimize on the revenue generation. If that is 
not working out, then there is no point in staying in that location and burn the 
money. So, the idea is to relocate those locations. At the same time, we 
always told that we are not trying to be a standalone pharmacy chain. That is 
not the idea at all. The whole idea of bringing the labs and pharmacy was 
basically to ensure that we build an ecosystem around our hospitals. So that 
from the initial teleconsultations to the OP and IP procedures and also the 
post discharge, the lab collections or the pharmacy delivery discharge 
medicines or even you have got the chronic patients, regular medications, 
those deliveries can happen. So, as we said that currently, 220 plus 
pharmacies are spread to only in the Karnataka, Kerala, and Telangana region. 
So, we'll be only expanding the pharmacies wherever the states or the cities 
where the hospitals are present and build ecosystem. Accordingly, and as per 
that our strategy next, I think we are told that six months’ time, we already 
more or less finalized the app also. Our myAster app is coming to India. With 
that launching in, I think we will be able to really augment the revenue and 
the services which we are looking at in terms of the growth.   
Nitish Shetty:                     Okay, so Yeah, I would like to add to what Sunil mentioned. See, the healthcare 
now can't be constrained to the hospital. So, it has to be contained and need 
to take the healthcare to door step of the patients for their convenience and 
the benefits it brings in terms of service availability. Now, we have created 
these pharmacies and labs to address this requirement in the future. And also 
at the same time, to increase the experience of the patient who comes to our 
hospital. 
 
Now, having said that, we deployed this, pharmacies and lab in a very short 
period of time. Just two years period, we scaled up to 250. We need to get it 
to that critical size so that the utility of that particular vertical is experienced 
by the patients. So having said that, when we deployed 250 and 300 the 
pharmacies and labs, some we got it perfectly right, few we couldn't get it 
right because of the locations. Also, at the place where we are grown, there's 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 23 of 33 
a lot of back-end areas we need to tighten, which right now we are started 
doing it. And then also parallelly focusing on the revenue enhancement. So, 
as we speak now, that has been done in the lab, with the pharmacy, with the 
virtue of, the way the business is and the competition in the market. It might 
take some time for us to go there to break even. But we are committed to this 
model, and we are going to keep continuing focusing on this model to 
strengthen our integrated healthcare ecosystem. Now, of course, later we are 
going to use this model to leverage our digital app experience of a patient. 
This is basically to give the patient experience and then make a model in 
future. 
Harith:                       
So, the INR 75 odd crores of revenues that you have for the segment, how 
that breaks up between the two businesses? 
Sunil Kumar:                   So, yeah, for example, we have closed 74 crores for the labs and pharmacy 
and around 3 crores EBITDA loss. So out of 74 crores, broadly around 30 crores 
are what is coming from the labs and balance is the wholesale pharmacy. 
Harith:                               Okay. And then Sunil, one more accounting-related question, if you can 
share the Ind AS benefit that's there in the India P&L so that we can calculate 
the pre Ind AS EBITDA for maybe the Q3 or 9M FY24 period? 
Sunil Kumar: 
See, broadly, when you talk about India's benefit, there are two parts. I will 
give a very broad number on the yearly number. You can break it up into the 
quarters. See, Ind AS rent reversal, what we get is approximately 65 to 70 
crores. That is a fixed rent, which gets reversed because of the Ind AS benefit, 
which we are getting it. At the same time, there is a variable fee also, which 
is coming approximately on yearly basis around 28 to 30 crores. That doesn't 
get reversed, that's where we show and call out that separately. 
Harith:                           
Yeah, Understood. And then the transaction of the divestment of GCC 
business, when do we expect the transaction to close, any rough timelines 
that you can share. 
Alisha Moopen:         
Amitabh, you want to.   

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 24 of 33 
Amitabh Johri:               Sure. Thank you, Alisha. So, Harith, we are in the process of completing the 
CPs. Presently, you know, we've made substantial progress on that. A couple 
of them are near completion, so we expect this to sometime happen in the 
month of late February or early March. 
Harith: 
Got it. That's all from my side. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Balachander R:                Thank you Harith. We'd like to highlight that we'll be giving preference to 
attendees who have not asked a question before. So, in that line the next 
question is from Rishabh Tiwari. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just a follow-up on the Ind AS discussion, I 
see that in Q3 in, India part, I think the Ind AS impact is around 12 crores. In 
one of the calls earlier, it was mentioned that the quarterly impact is around 
6 crores in India. If you could just throw some light on the current Ind AS 
impact that we have in GCC as well as India. 
Sunil Kumar: 
Well, I'll give the India numbers, Rishabh. As I told to the previous caller also, 
it is somewhere fixed rent which gets the impact of the post Ind AS 116 impact 
that is approximately coming to 65 to 70 crores because see, Whitefield we 
added very recently right, so the numbers kept changing that's why I'm giving 
a yearly figure to you approximately 65 to 70 crores is the rent reversal which 
we have that is a fixed rent. Over and above that we also have certain variable 
rents specifically in certain O&M assets and specifically bigger number which 
is coming from our CMI and RV Hospital. So that is on a yearly basis is 
amounting to around 28 to 30 crores. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
So that brings around INR 100 crores of impact yearly in India?  
Sunil Kumar: 
Yes, yes, yes.  
Rishabh Tiwari:                And what would the similar number be for GCC? 
Amitabh Johri: 
So, in GCC for the YTD December there's a rent reversal of almost 142 million 
that's it so they're on AED terms. So, close to 300 crores.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 25 of 33 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Okay, INR 300 crores for nine months. And if you could also just give some 
color on the corporate costs that we incurred in India and how would that 
be impacted our post the de-merger of GCC business? 
Sunil Kumar: 
Currently, the corporate cost what we incur is approximately 1.4% to 1.5% on 
our topline. That is a number, and we already have a very full-fledged team 
currently. As the Chairman has been always calling out, we have two different 
corporate leadership teams for handling the GCC and India. So, it's not that 
the cost is going to increase. Yes, there are certain rules will come into the 
picture certain costs will increase, but that may not be having too much 
impact, when I say currently at 1.4%, 1.5% is it’s with a complete leadership 
team, including the salaries and other corporate related costs is coming to 
1.4% to 1.5%. We see approximately another 20-30 basis points impact to 
that. So, there is no major increase, which is expected to happen for GCC 
segregation. 
Rishabh Tiwari:               This is for India business or was this for consol? 
Sunil Kumar:          
This is for the India business, which I'm calling out specifically. 
Rishabh Tiwari:               Okay, Thanks. 
Balachander R:             Thank you, Rishabh. The next question is from Jainil Shah. Jainil if you can 
unmute yourself.  
  
Jainil Shah: 
Hello., thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the payor mix. 
Can you give out the payor mix cluster wise?  
Sunil Kumar: 
I hope you are asking for the India thing. See across India we have a payor mix 
where in cash or walk-in patients what we call is coming approximately 48%. 
And the TPA insurance is approximately 27% to 28% and we have a MVT of 
5.4% and schemes where various state government schemes the ESIC, ECHS 
all put together ranges between 5% to 6% so that's a broad payor mix across 
India.  

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 26 of 33 
                                           But when you look at Kerala itself, the cash percentage is quite high at 
approximately we can take somewhere between 65% approximately will be 
cash, because north Kerala has got almost 80% plus cash and in the central 
Kerala, we have got only 60% cash. So that's where we still have majority cash 
there and the balance will be the TPAs and specifically in terms of MVT, the 
central Kerala does approximately 10% of the business in now as the MVT 
business and Bangalore, approximately 4% to 5%. In case of Bangalore or 
cluster, the payor mix will be something like 40% cash and balance is credit. 
 Jainil Shah: 
Sure, that's helpful. And what is in our pricing position and our strategy 
going ahead in each of these clusters? 
Sunil Kumar: 
See, as I called out, still we have almost 50 to 60% cash. So, we have that room 
to take the price increase. And what we also see in that is that post COVID, 
the insurance ramp up is quite high. At the same time, we don't have the 
burden of handling the large government schemes. As I said, it's only between 
five to six percentage. So, keeping that in mind, even in the terms of 
insurance, yes, you don't get every year increment. It's maybe 2 to 3 years 
based on the contracts what we have with different insurance providers. And 
every year, every 2 to 3 years, we get a good increment of anywhere between 
8 to 10% there. 
At the same time, with the cash, we take the usual inflation, which is expected 
to be somewhere around between 8 to 10% increase, which we take on the 
cash patients. So that's where you can see that ARPOB growth has been very 
consistent for last five years. We're able to go at a consistent 9% ARPOB 
growth. Even in the current nine months when you compare to the previous 
FY23 nine months period, December, it's a 9% ARPOB growth which we had.  
Jainil Shah: 
So, this 9% would be sustainable. 
Sunil Kumar: 
It's sustainable. 8 to 9% is very much sustainable. And if you ask in the current 
9M period, actually the ARPOB growth is more than 12% considering the 
optimization initiatives which were taken on the revenue assurance. But 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 27 of 33 
that's not reflecting because of the lower ARPOB from the O&M asset light. 
Because O&M asset light where we have in the Areekode or Kollam or 
Mandya and Narayanadri hospital which is in Tirupati, there the ARPOBs are 
just around 20,000. So that has got almost a 2,000 rupees ARPOB impact at 
the India level. So, if we exclude that we are at all more than 10%. So, we see 
that in the future somewhere around 8 to 9 percent is very much achievable  
Nitish Shetty: 
 Jainil, I would like to add here. See, there is a general perception that the 
insurance inflation increases if the patient comes to us and challenges the 
ARPOB. But for us what we have seen is because we are basically a quaternary 
care center, we focus on high end cases like transplants, robotic surgeons. 
The insurance penetration helps us in getting this category of patient 
affordability and accessibility of this patient who improves with insurance. 
Especially in big ticket procedures. So that is another reason which is which 
also contributes to the expansion of the ARPOB, growth of the ARPOB.  
Jainil Shah:                      Makes sense and just one more question and two to three years down the 
line, what according to you would be the difference in the ROCEs between 
your O&M asset-light model and O&M hospitals. 
Sunil Kumar: 
So, currently, our matured hospitals have a ROCE of more than 30% Jainil. But 
in case of the O&M asset light projects, you see to reach 30% it takes around 
5 to 6 years from the start. But in case of O&M asset light, even in the first 
year, the two out of the four hospitals which we have in the O&M asset light, 
two are already positive and broken even almost to a near 10% EBITDA 
margin. There the ROCEs are already doing double digits. I am talking about 
somewhere between 10 to 15% is the ROCE already which we have. Going 
forward, we see already at the hospital level, we have a 21% ROCE and mature 
hospitals are already at 27%. And we see that across India, we have 15% is the 
ROCE and that is going to expand into about 20% going forward. 
 Jainil Shah: 
 Okay. And just one last, if I may. What would be the difference in your In-
house business versus non-Aster business in your labs and pharmacies. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 28 of 33 
Sunil Kumar:                   See, pharmacies are specifically, we see currently the standalone pharmacy 
within the hospitals are already captured under the hospital revenue itself. 
So, it's not outsourced to the pharmacy. So, whatever the pharmacy revenue 
which we do, it's all non-Aster. But in case of the labs bit of it, 75% is the Aster 
and 25% is the non-Aster. 
Jainil Shah:                      Okay, that's helpful. Thank you so much. 
Balachandra R:                Thank you, Jainil. The next question is from Pushpendu. Pushpendu, can you 
please unmute yourself? 
 Pushpendu: 
Yeah, I have a two-part question, mainly on the Indian business. See, 
currently the Whitefield Bangalore and the new-age hospitals are not 
making profit and they are not contributing towards the bottom line. So, 
how soon can these new hospitals will start generating profit at the net 
level?   
Sunil Kumar M R: 
Yeah, Pushpendu. Pushpendu, Whitefield ramp up has been quite good as I 
already told. We expected a higher cash burn but from our budgets we are 
looking at only less than 40% is what we are spending with the good clinical 
set of doctors what we have from oncology to the neuro to plastic surgery. 
The ramp up has been very fast and we expect that you know the break-even 
or we will not start losing money within I would say 12 months period should 
be good enough here in Whitefield.  
Pushpendu:              
Sure, and what would be the revenue guidance for the next year for the 
entire operation of India, India business so for FY25, how should I look at the 
Indian business on a revenue front? 
Hitesh Dhaddha:             So Pushpendu, I think we generally tried to not give any specific guidance, but 
I think we are on a pretty good trajectory of growth as well as EBITDA margin 
improvement. You can see the last few years how business has ramped up. 
So, I think we generally believe that we'll continue to be on the similar growth 
path and the margin improvement, you know, it's kind of likely to happen 
along with the growth happening. So that's how we would like to comment 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 29 of 33 
on this probably Sunil, if you want to add anything. But I think we would stay 
away from giving any specific guidance on this issue. 
Sunil Kumar: 
I think you're right in that aspect historically we've grown at a 20% CAGR in 
revenue and almost 30% plus EBITDA. We expected a very strong 
performance in a couple of years. 
 Pushpendu: 
And why am I asking this question is that now because of Bangalore that 
that new age hospitals will keep on making losses? And then how are you 
planning to improve the profitability after incurring losses from this Metro 
hospital. 
Sunil Kumar: 
See, Pushpendu, if you look at the current losses what we are incurring except 
for the Whitefield, there are no other major losses apart from the two O&M 
asset light. Their losses are in few lakhs of rupees, not even in crores. First of 
all, O&M asset light will not be a drag. Already we have gone into positive 
margin in the quarter 3 with the publishing almost 4% EBITDA margin already 
achieved. So, we don't expect a major drag because we are not adding many 
more beds in that particular category. Coming back to other than O&M, the 
drag is only from the Whitefield, which I said is not a major point. So that's 
where I was very confident in the previous comment which I made, that we 
are looking at a very good expansion. Already we are at a 20.8% in this 
quarter, and a 20.2% for nine months period in hospital and clinical segment. 
And we expect at least another 300 to 400 basis points increase in the next 
two to three years period. 
Hitesh Dhaddha:            I think just to add on. I was just trying to add on to Sunil's point. You know, 
this Whitefield, I think, is probably one of the fastest ramp up that we've seen 
in across our major hospitals. You know, I think it has ramped up really well 
even in the first year of its operations. And I think, you know, the margins 
should be kind of coming to the Bangalore cluster margin very soon. You 
know, in the next couple of months or probably a year or so. And if you look 
at the other places, especially in Kerala, the way we are adding the beds, it's 
mostly, you know, a large part of it is actually brownfield there in Kerala. So, 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 30 of 33 
you know, the kind of expansion like in Medcity and some other units which 
is going to happen will help us amortize a lot of fixed costs and help us 
improve the margins because we don't have to take that many more doctors 
or staff to kind of ramp up the new beds that we are going to add in those 
existing hospitals. So, these are some of the initiatives. Plus, I think there are 
a lot of initiatives that are being taken up from the manpower cost 
optimization or the material cost is already kind of optimized dramatically and 
Sunil and team has been working a lot on the revenue assurance as well. So, 
there are a couple of those initiatives that we are working on, which is going 
to help us in margin improvement from here on. 
 Pushpendu: 
So, if I look at our peers, which are available in Bangalore, like Manipal or 
Apollo. So, what is the revenue potential from these two A & B wings that 
we are operating now, what would be the revenue potential? I suppose 
there is an utilization level reaches to close to 60% to 70% odd, just to get 
an idea of that, how impactful the contribution is going to be from this 
hospital? 
Nitish Shetty:             
So, Whitefield Hospital is a 500 bed hospital. If you really look at the CMI 
numbers, we have an aspiration to achieve CMI numbers in next three years. 
What CMI has done in seven years, we are looking at this hospital because of 
the clinical team we have, the location, where we are, and the patient mix, 
what is there, because the Whitefield is a very affluent area. If you really look 
at the competition, they have also done well in that particular geography. 
Considering all these factors, clinical data, infrastructure, size of the hospital 
and the location, we are expecting to do it in 3-4 years’ time, what CMI has 
done in 7 years.  
 Pushpendu:                    Any revenue guidance that you want to give Mr. Shetty. 
Nitish Shetty:             
Guidance is up there. I have given you the entire numbers. 
Balachander R:               Thank you, Pushpendu. We have Alankar back in the queue for the question. 
Alankar, please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 31 of 33 
 Alankar Garude: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity again. Just one bookkeeping question. 
If I look at the segmental results, the hospital PBT has increased 
significantly, both on a YoY as well as sequential basis that doesn't seem to 
be in sync with the EBITDA growth in the overall hospitals business. So, can 
you please help us understand what exactly has happened below the 
hospital EBITDA for the consol entity?  
Sunil Kumar:          
You are referring to the India segment Alankar? 
Alankar Garude:              No, I'm referring to the segmental highlights in the results uploaded on the 
exchanges. So, there you classify the EBITDA across hospitals, clinics, retail 
pharmacies and others. If I look at the hospitals EBITDA in this quarter, 
including in India as well as GCC, that's about INR 355 crores. Now there are 
INR 355 crores compared to INR 193 crores in the same quarter last year and 
about INR 116 crores in Q2 FY24. So just trying to reconcile that number 
because the EBITDA growth year on year and QoQ doesn't seem to be so 
high. 
Alisha Moopen:          
Can we look at it and come back to you, Alankar? I think it must have to do 
with some of the larger losses in the GCC hospitals that we've seen opened 
up. We'll show you the reconciliation and will share it. 
Amitabh Johri:         
Sure, we can do that. I am just looking at the numbers Alankar. So effectively, 
what you're saying is as of 31 December 2022, EBITDA was INR 193 crores, 
which is what has gone to INR355 crores in 31 December 2023. Is that what 
you're referring to? 
Alankar Garude:              Yes, yes, yes. 
Amitabh Johri:         
Okay. Allow me to come to you since it's a combination of India and GCC 
numbers.  I will come back with a clarification. 
Alankar Garude:              okay okay. All right. Thanks. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 32 of 33 
Balachander R: 
Thank you, Alankar. We again have Sanjay Shah on the question queue. 
Sanjay, if you can unmute yourself.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you again. Alisha my question is to you regarding the M&A, have 
management decided on any tax saving method to distribute the funds, 
which we received from GCC other than dividend options.  
Alisha Moopen:             So, Sanjay, I think we had explored various options. We found that dividend 
was probably the most effective one, but I will also let Amitabh maybe 
comment a little bit more on this. 
Amitabh Johri: 
Sure. Thank you, Alisha. So Sanjay, as Alisha called out, we have gone through 
this extensive study to say what could be the most effective way to provide 
the upstreaming of funds to the shareholders. And the dividend came as the 
most tax effective from both resident and non-resident because the individual 
tax positions come into the picture over there. While this is there, we also 
evaluated capital reduction, we evaluated shareholders buyback, but the 
dividend came out as the most tax effective from that perspective.  
Sanjay Shah: 
Okay, Thank you. 
Balachander R: 
Thank you Sanjay. We have Pushpendu's hand still raised. Pushpendu, you 
have another question?   
Pushpendu: 
No, no, no. I think the hand was raised earlier. 
Balachander R: 
Sure. If any of the other attendees would like to ask a question, please pick 
one and raise hands.  
                                           Okay, so I think there's no more questions to the management. Thank you all. 
This concludes the earnings call for this quarter for Aster DM Healthcare. I 
thank the management and all the attendees for joining us today. If you have 
any further queries or questions, please do get in touch with us. Thank you. 
 Sunil Kumar M R:           Thank you, everyone. 

 
 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Investors Conference Call on Q3 and 9M FY24 results                                    Page 33 of 33 
Alisha Moopen:               Yes, thank you, and thank you for your time. 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
