 
 
27th February 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 513519 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: PITTIENG 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub:  
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the Audio Conference call for investors on 23rd February 2024 
****** 
 
With reference to our letter dated 20th February 2024, intimating about the conference call with investors to 
be held on 23rd February 2024, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.pitti.in. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pitti Engineering Limited 
 
 
 
Mary Monica Braganza 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS 5532 
MARY MONICA 
BRAGANZA
Digitally signed by MARY 
MONICA BRAGANZA 
Date: 2024.02.27 13:00:31 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Pitti Engineering Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Pitti Engineering's Q3 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Please note that this 
conference call will be recorded. 
Joining us today on this call is Mr. Akshay S. Pitti – Vice Chairman & 
Managing Director. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. For a list of such considerations, please refer to 
the Earnings Presentation. 
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Akshay Pitti. Over to you, 
sir. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
A warm welcome to our Q3 Earnings Call. I will start by giving you an 
overview of our operational and financial performance before opening 
the floor for a Q&A session. 
Revenue for Q3 FY24 was Rs. 296.92 crores, registering a year-over-
year growth of 24.19%. Sales volume stood at 10,572 MT as compared 
to 9,150 MT in Q3FY23, an increase of 15.54%. Sales realization and 
EBITDA per tons for the quarter were Rs. 2,77,751 and Rs. 41,700 
respectively. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 44.09 crores, registering 
a 13.58% growth on a Y-o-Y basis. PAT was Rs. 13.32 crores, up by 
9.81%. I am pleased to note that both sales volume and EBITDA for the 
quarter were the highest ever recorded in the company's history. 
For 9 months of FY24, total revenue was Rs. 890 crores, EBITDA was 
Rs. 129.07 crores, and PAT was Rs. 49.84 crores. During the year, we 
have accounted for Rs. 13.09 crores of incentive income from our 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Aurangabad facility. We expect to further account Rs. 32.42 crores in 
Q4 FY24, subject to requisite approvals. Sales volume for 9 months was 
30,870 MT, putting us well on track of achieving our annual target of 
42,000 MT. Net debt as on 31st December, 2023 stood at Rs. 317.60 
crores. So far in the financial year, we have spent about Rs. 85 crores 
towards capital expenditure. The remaining approved CAPEX will be 
spent by H1 FY25. With this, we are on track for the expansion of our 
Aurangabad facility. 
As you are aware, the company has filed the scheme of amalgamation 
with Pitti Engineering and Pitti Castings and Pitti Rail with stock 
exchanges on 26th June 2023. We have received a no objection on the 
26th October 2023. Currently, the scheme is pending approval from 
NCLT. We anticipate completing the merger in H1 FY25. We are seeing 
strong growth in order books and projections from our clients, driven 
primarily by Rail, wind energy, and power generation sectors. Further, 
we have significant new customer acquisitions in automotive, power 
generation, and railway segments. The order book as of 31st December 
2023 was Rs. 898 crores. For FY25, we are targeting 50,000 MT as sales 
volume. With the expanded capacity in Aurangabad, increase in 
machine components business, further augmented by the merger of Pitti 
Castings, we expect significant improvement in the margin profile of the 
company in the coming years. 
I now open the floor for a Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Naysar Parikh with Native Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Naysar Parikh: 
I just want to understand from a steel prices perspective if tomorrow we 
were to see a sharp correction in steel prices or something like that, what 
kind of impacts do you foresee on margins, realization, etc.? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
On a gross margin basis, there will be no decline, as we have a price 
variation clause with the customer. If there is a sharp correction 
downward or an increase in steel price, on both sides, we are protected. 
Naysar Parikh: 
So, you will be able to revise your prices, basically, right? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes, we have already done that. If you see in the past 6 quarters, there is 
a continuous trend of decline in raw material pricing, and that has not 
affected our margins. And prior to that, when the steel prices were on an 
upward trend, it was similar. There was no impact on our margins. 
Naysar Parikh: 
From a capacity perspective, can you talk about the expansion that we 
are doing and then how and when will that start kicking in? We are at 
90% on the machining side. When will that kick in? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The capacity augmentation will be completed fully by H1 2025. Right 
now, in terms of sheet metal, we have 56,000 MT capacity which will 
be enhanced to about 72,000 MT. And on the machine hours side, we 
have about 4,60,000 machine hour capacity which will increase to 
6,15,000 machine hours. 
Naysar Parikh: 
And you did give some brief highlights of the sectors that you are seeing 
demand. Can you elaborate a bit in terms of your order book or order 
inflow? What is the order inflow like and what is the order book and 
what is the growth year on year? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Overall, if you see the consumer motors' or the industrial motors' side of 
the business, that is not growing as fast as the other segments. The 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
growth is primarily driven by railways and renewable energy and power 
generation segments. 
Naysar Parikh: 
What would be your order book or order intake growth? Besides the 
revenue, if we can look at some of those metrics, can you share those 
metrics? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
If you see the order book and you adjust it for the selling price for the 
quarter, we are seeing about 25% to 30% increase in the order book on 
an adjusted basis. For Q2 FY23, we had a closing order book of Rs. 716 
crores. And for Q3, it is about Rs. 898 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Dahake from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh Dahake: Sir, my first question is regarding gross margins in this quarter. We can 
see that our contribution from exports has also increased by 5% year on 
year as well as the contribution of value-added products has also 
increased by 2% points. What is the reason our gross margin only 
increased by 1%? That is my first question. Second is regarding our 
overheads. Our employee expenses have increased in line with our year-
on-year revenue growth. Any reason for the same? And our other 
expenses have also increased by let's say, 2% points. What is the reason 
behind the same? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The gross margin and export correlation that you are trying to do does 
not work. As you know, the selling price or the value addition that we 
do for the product, whether it's in the domestic market or the export 
market, is the same. So, you will not see a margin improvement just 
because exports are more or exports are less. It's got to do with the 
product mix. And if you see the increase in 1% gross margin, I think that 
is fair keeping in line with the kind of product mix that we have had. In 
terms of overhead and employee cost, there are normal increments that 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
are there. Plus, in addition to that, we are obviously going to start the 
staffing of our various departments ahead of the CAPEX. That would be 
the reason, probably, why you are seeing a marginal increase in 
employee cost and other expenses would be the same reason. If we talk 
about tracking perfectly as per your sales, obviously, all those expenses 
and other things have to happen prior to the CAPEX that we start doing. 
Prathamesh Dahake: Sir, what are the products that currently we are exporting? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
We are exporting products for all the other segments that we cater to like 
the railway segment, the wind energy segment, the power generation 
segment; mainly the motor and generator components and some 
machine components. 
Prathamesh Dahake: It is mostly loose lamination or something like that? Because, even if 
realization is not same for exports and domestic, still I am unable to 
understand if it would have been a better product, our GM should have 
improved, right? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
It's not a better product. It's the same product. If you take the customer, 
we supply to the same customer in India and in the US market. The 
profile of the product does not change. It is a similar product. It's just 
that the consumption point is in India or it's in the US. That's the only 
difference in our product. 
Prathamesh Dahake: Aren't realizations better in exports on a like-to-like basis? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
No, there's no difference in the realization of exports. The packaging 
cost, the interest cost, or the freight cost related to export would be 
added. There is additional cost also when the export is there. Whatever 
increase in the realizations you see are the corresponding costs, which is 
why you are seeing the other expenses also increasing. That is where 
you would account for those additional packaging, freight, etc. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
warehousing, all of those costs. The product that we make is the same 
for the Indian market and the export market. And the client also is the 
same. We have Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation, 
(Wabtec) as a client in India and the same client in the US. 
Prathamesh Dahake: My one last question would be, you have mentioned that there would 
be significant margin improvement on account of merger of PCPL. Can 
you please explain to us how this thing would pan out? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
It's not only on account of PCPL. If you see, I mentioned due to the 
increased volume, firstly, we are going from 42,000 MT to 50,000 MT 
next year. So, obviously the economies of scale will kick in and your 
overhead cost on a per-tonne basis would be further distributed. In 
addition to that, the increase in machine components business is going 
to add value. And when you merge Pitti Castings, obviously the 
EBITDA that company is doing will get added to our EBITDA. And if 
you see the sales profile of that company, approximately 70% of its 
revenue is derived from procurement from Pitti Engineering. When we 
consolidate two companies' balance sheets, the common sale would be 
removed and the EBITDA margin would get added. That itself, if you 
see, would yield a significant margin improvement, all these three 
measures put together would contribute for EBIDTA expansion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from DRChoksey 
FinServ Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Karan Kamdar: 
What I wanted to understand is other expenses. Can you throw some 
color? I think you already explained it's due to the new CAPEX. If you 
could throw in a little more of color that when can we expect it to 
stabilize as a percent of revenue, that would be helpful. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Other expenses will not typically be linked to percentage of revenue. It 
also has to do with, other expenses where we account for the packaging 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
costs, the forwarding cost carried outward, depending on the location, 
like if you see the exports are slightly higher in the last quarter; 
therefore, the corresponding expenditure related to those would be 
higher. There won't be a linear transition from revenue to other 
expenses. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Can you give a rough data on fixed and variable basis of other expenses. 
That would give more clarity as in how much of it would be fixed and 
how much of it would be variable. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Out of the Rs. 30 crores of other expenses in the last quarter, about Rs. 
15 odd crores would be fixed and the other would be variable in nature. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Do you see any increases in freight costs because of the geopolitical 
disruptions and are the costs increasing currently? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
As of now, we have not seen any significant increase in the cost. But, 
again, as far as any cost increase is concerned, we are able to pass it 
through to our clients. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umesh Jain from Kotak Life. Please 
go ahead. 
CA Umesh Jain: 
Congrats on a very good set of numbers as well as the guidance. My 
question is on Pitti Castings. If I remember correctly, the company had 
some unabsorbed losses and post-merger, I assume we will be able to 
set off with our existing listed operations. What's the total number of 
unabsorbed losses that we can utilize in the future? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
As of 31st March 2023, the unabsorbed losses in that company was 
approximately Rs. 80 crores. 
CA Umesh Jain: 
The entire Rs. 80 crores will be available for us to utilize in the listed 
operations. I assume the tax rate in FY25 for us should be lower. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Garbade, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Garbade: 
Sir, my first question is regarding how the business environment in 
machining business is and how is it panning out in Europe? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Machining business is quite buoyant. If you see today in the China-Plus-
One strategy that a lot of the MNCs are using, the biggest opportunity 
for us to grow our business is in machine components, whether it is 
castings that you machine or fabricated parts. As far as specifically 
Europe is concerned, it's a good market to enter. Overall European 
market is down, but because they are trying to divert some of their 
sourcing to India, we are seeing a good amount of demand coming from 
Europe and North America, both. 
Sanjeev Garbade: 
How many new components would we have added in the railways 
business, sir? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I don't have that number off-hand, but it would be at least about 50 
different kinds of components and assemblies put together. 
Sanjeev Garbade: 
Sir, one last question on the financial side. Our gross debt has been 
steadily building up over the last few years. What would be the net debt 
by the end of this financial year? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Net debt by the end of this financial year should be within line of what 
we had guided earlier. We are seeing a peak debt of Rs. 375 crores. What 
we had targeted earlier, we did not cross that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanish from Bees' Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Tanish: 
Can you give me a trend of current raw material prices versus last 
quarter? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
For the last quarter to this quarter, the raw material prices have remained 
stagnant. 
Tanish: 
How are the margins across different segments? Railways or other 
segments enjoy higher margins or is it similar across the segments? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
The margin profile depends on the type of product that we supply. The 
more value add we do obviously has more margin in that. In terms of 
machining versus lamination, machining would have a higher margin 
when compared to lamination. 
Tanish: 
I am talking about the segments like, say railways have higher margins 
or your power segment or is it similar across the profile? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
It is similar across the profile of the end market. It's only differentiated 
by the level of value add we do. And the other differentiation is in 
lamination versus machine component. Machine component is superior 
to lamination in terms of margins. And within lamination, the level of 
assembly and value addition defines the margin profile of that particular 
product. So, it is very possible that you supply a very highly assembled 
and value added product along with machining to any segment. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mukund, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Mukund: 
I just wanted to know your CAPEX plan for the next 3 years and also 
the debt profile for the next 3 years, if you can elaborate on that. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In terms of CAPEX for the next three years; firstly, let me just start by 
giving the six months' plan. By September 2024, we will finish the 
approved CAPEX that we had announced in the past. That amount is 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
about Rs. 120 crores, if I remember correctly, which will be completely 
capitalized by September, 2024. Beyond that, we are not looking at any 
significant CAPEX today. We will have probably Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 
40 crores' worth of CAPEX ongoing every year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Dahake from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh Dahake: My first question regarding CAPEX is, once we are done with all the 
CAPEX that we have decided, how much time will it take to be fully 
utilized? And what is the highest revenue potential from the same? My 
second question would be, globally all players like Euro Group, Temple 
Steel etc., are very bullish on lamination and on course for auto 
components. While our exposure to auto is minuscule, how do you see 
demand for auto as well as the related sectors shaping in the Indian 
context? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
From the CAPEX done to the time you asked when we can utilize the 
full capacity, our capacity utilization first is about 80% of installed 
capacity based on historic levels. That is what we target to achieve. For 
FY25, we have set a target of 50,000 MT. For FY26, we are already on 
record setting a target for 57,000 MT to 58,000 MT. That would be the 
peak utilization. When we come close to achieving that, we will look at 
any additional CAPEX, looking at the market on that date to further 
enhance the capacity. 
In terms of automotive business, you are right, Temple Steel and Euro 
Group, these companies are very bullish on automotive, especially EV 
traction motor related components. But if you see in India, the 
manufacturing of those EV motors, especially four-wheelers, is not 
happening in the country today. The opportunity in India for EV motors 
manufacturing lamination is a potential which can mature in some time. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Today we are trying to get into the automotive segment. If you see, we 
have some of the automotive players already listed as our clients now, 
and further, we are acquiring more clients, which we will be announcing 
in the next quarter. We are getting into their IC part of the business. We 
are getting into something like generator related products or stator motor 
related products to get into that ecosystem. And when those companies 
will start producing products for traction motors, we would be ready to 
supply those products to them. 
On the EV product side specifically, we are supplying for two-wheelers 
already. The numbers and volume in that segment is growing, but the 
revenue potential is very small. In terms of revenue potential per two-
wheeler, I think our product would not be more than Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 
1500 for 1 lamination core. In four-wheelers, it becomes significantly 
higher. 
Prathamesh Dahake: If we were to, let's say, on a very very broader level, divide our product 
portfolio into only loose lamination, semi assembled, and fully value 
assembled, how do you see the margins or gross margins varying? If you 
could give us some color as to if everything in our kitty goes into fully 
value added, how much margin improvement can we expect on the gross 
margin levels? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
On a segment basis, the quantum of fully assembled changes. If you take 
an appliance or consumer product, something like a fan, there's not that 
much value add that you can do on a particular product vis-a-vis 
something, say like a data center or renewable energy where there are 
large shafts, different kind of child parts, castings which you can 
integrate into the product. If you take in terms of the volume, the loose 
lamination to semi assembled to the fully assembled lamination, fully 
assembled would be about 10% of the revenues right now and semi 
assembled would be the remaining. We already gave you the breakup of 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
assembled and loose. Out of the total product, I think 75% is assembled 
of which about 10% is fully assembled – the stator core and shaft and all 
those things integrated, and 25% is loose. 
Prathamesh Dahake: In our major end sectors like railways and renewable energy, if I were 
to see margins, if I just give loose lamination versus if I give a fully 
assembled thing, how much extra do we enjoy in terms of gross margin? 
If you could give us some color on that. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In terms of revenue, I would be more comfortable giving instead of gross 
margin. Firstly, if you take loose lamination, the loose lamination would 
be somewhere around Rs. 1,80,000 per tonne in terms of selling price 
and in terms of a fully assembled product solution, on the stator and rotor 
both, that would be about close to Rs. 9 lakh to Rs. 10 lakh per tonne. 
That is probably to kind of get an idea as to the gross margin potential. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukund, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Mukund: 
A year ago in one of the con-calls, your long-term goal was in 10 years, 
we should be touching a revenue of Rs. 7,000 crores to Rs. 8000 crores 
which is like close to $1+ billion; and in terms of metric tons, 1,50,000 
MT was what was the goal that we wanted to achieve in the next 10 
years. It's been a year now. Are we on track of it or how are we 
progressing towards it? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I think 1,50,000 MT of sheet metal sales in 10 years is a goal that we are 
very confident of achieving. We are on track. There are developments 
which we are undertaking. Shortly you will see the result. It should kind 
of give you an idea as to where we are heading. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus 
Capital Management. Please go ahead. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. The first question is on the order 
book pickup that we have seen. Q on Q is almost 25% to 30% on an 
adjusted price basis. Would you call it some kind of one-off or 
seasonality or is there something to read into from a longer term basis 
that is possibly happening? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
On a longer term basis if you see, we are getting more order inquiries, 
as we had mentioned in the past also, from the European markets. Those 
orders are typically a longer cycle order book. That is the reason why 
you are seeing this growth. Especially from the marine segment and the 
wind power segment, we are seeing huge order input from the European 
markets. In addition to that, the overall wind energy market in India also 
is picking up significantly. And wind as a segment has a longer visibility 
in terms of order book. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
The export as a component of order book, how has that possibly 
changed? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
I don't have that number off-hand, but if I have to estimate it, I would 
say that out of the 30% growth that you are seeing in the adjusted value 
order book, more than half, maybe 60% or 65% is driven from the export 
side. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And this, you are seeing continuing into Q4 and forward into FY25 as 
well? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes. On the export side, the value-added product is more prevalent. We 
are seeing a lot of transition from loose to more assembled lamination 
and from assembled to even more assembled products in the export 
business going forward over the next 1 year. The value per tonne on 
export will keep going up. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And the size of it, what you talked about exports, whatever it be in terms 
of China-Plus-One or European costs going up, that structural aspect 
because they are finally playing out in orders, as you see right now? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Secondly, in terms of the non-motor part of the business, i.e., non-
laminations or anything to do with motors, how big is that now in FY24? 
How are you seeing that shape up over the next two years? Because, 
when you talk about targets purely in terms of tonnage, I am presuming 
that can be a bit misleading because that just talks about the motor side 
of the business. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Non-motor generator related revenue, we would be targeting Rs. 500 
crores top line by FY27. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
And where is that right now in FY24, broadly? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Right now, we don't have a number for pure non-motor because there 
are so many components that we do machining and castings which go 
into the motor component that we don't track them separately. But if I 
were to estimate it, it should be about Rs. 125 crores to Rs. 130 crores 
top line today. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
This Rs. 125 crores is what you are saying may go to Rs. 500 crores, 
effectively? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
That is the basic rationale for acquiring the foundry and merging it into 
the List Co. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Almost 30% of sales which is external, almost maybe Rs. 50 crores is 
added purely from an acquisition perspective? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Pulkit Singhal: 
It's still closer to Rs. 170 crores going to Rs. 500 crores. To that extent, 
the realization per tonne can significantly go up. The tonnage aspect will 
not be capturing this part of growth? 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Yes, exactly. And the EBITDA per tonne also will go up because of this. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
It will be good if we can start disclosing annually or quarterly because 
this is a different vector of growth and has nothing to do with tonnage. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
We are working on that. We are trying to put a metric where we can kind 
of separate these two verticals and kind of give ideas at least on the top 
line and the gross margins. Maybe we will not be able to distill it down 
to EBITDA basis but at least on a gross-margin basis to give you a 
segment. We are working on that. I think post the integration of the 
foundry, it will become easier for us to do that accounting and share with 
the team. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Naysar Parikh: 
In this quarter, around 50% is obviously railways, so Rs. 150 crores of 
run rate in the quarter. I just wanted to understand if this is sustainable 
and are we seeing this kind of an order book? And secondly, if you could 
give a rough breakup. Wabtec would be how much? Is it 60% to 70% 
Wabtec? Just some directional view would be helpful. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Wabtec would be about 55 odd percent in terms of the overall railway 
business. In terms of the railway being sustainable at 50%, I don't think 
that is sustainable. As our revenue will go up, railways will contribute 
even going forward maybe Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 160 crores of top line, 
but we are expecting the overall business value to increase. 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Naysar Parikh: 
So, the incremental growth then in this quarter would be, say driven by 
railways 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
Going forward, we are seeing values coming in from wind segment and 
power generation. If you see the current quarter, all of those segments 
are down when compared to the past. Those will pick up once again as 
the revenue goes up. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Bhavani Kumawat from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
CA Bhavani Kumawat: I just wanted to understand that recently, the government has 
announced in its budget to convert normal bogies into Vande Bharat 
kind of standards. Is there any opportunity lying for us in this segment? 
I just wanted to share your view on this. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
In that, we wouldn't have any significant opportunity as they are trying 
to upgrade the existing train system into the interior standards and 
quality of Vande Bharat. Where we have the opportunity is something 
like in Vande Bharat where the coaches themselves are self-propelled. 
On the self-propelled coaches, yes, we have an opportunity, and on the 
new locomotive, we have an opportunity. We don't do any parts which 
are on the inside of the locomotive like your berth or toilet or lighting; 
all of those kind of things, we don't do. 
CA Bhavani Kumawat: Also, sir, it will be helpful if you can give two or three revenue drivers 
going ahead from some segments or any order in pipeline that will be 
very helpful for us. 
Akshay S. Pitti: 
If you see, the railway business has grown significantly in the last 
quarter, which I see continuing going forward. In addition to this, in the 
power generation and wind power segments, we are seeing good growth 
coming over the next couple of quarters. We have some new customer 

 
Pitti Engineering Limited 
February 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
acquisitions also in both of those segments apart from regular product 
development happening. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached 
the end of the question & answer session. And on behalf of Pitti 
Engineering, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining the 
call. For further queries or visiting the plant, please be in touch with 
Rama Naidu from Intellect PR on 9920209623. Thank you for joining 
us, and have a wonderful day. 
