 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
1231, 3rd Floor, Solitaire Corporate Park, 167, Guru Hargovind Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East),  
Mumbai 400 093 I Tel.: +91 22 66919477/78 I CIN: L01110RJ2006PLC047173 I  
Web: www.bajajconsumercare.com 
Registered Office: Old Station Road, Sevashram Chouraha, Udaipur- 313 001, Rajasthan  
Tel.: +91 0294-2561631, 2561632 
                                       
 
           
 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 023 
 
Stock Code: 533229 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
 
Stock Code: BAJAJCON 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Conference Call transcripts (Scrip Code: NSE: BAJAJCON BSE: 533229) 
 
Please find attached a copy of the Conference Call transcripts in respect of Bajaj 
Consumer Care Limited dated February 6, 2024. 
 
The same may please be taken on record and disseminated to all. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Mishra 
Head-Legal & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A21901 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 
VIVEK 
MISHRA
Digitally signed 
by VIVEK MISHRA 
Date: 2024.02.13 
15:22:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
Q3 FY’24 Results Conference Call” 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIDEEP NANDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MR. DILIP KUMAR MALOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MR. RICHARD DSOUZA – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
bajaj caNsuMrn cARE 
bajaj caNsuMER cARE 
tl,c,c, Securities 
< ". •♦c C 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Bajaj Consumer Care Q3 FY'24 Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to the call. It's our pleasure at ICICI 
Securities to host Q3 FY'24 Results Conference Call of Bajaj Consumer Care. From the 
management, we have Mr. Jaideep Nandi, Managing Director; Mr. Dilip Kumar Maloo, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Richard Dsouza, AVP Finance. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jaideep Sir for opening remarks, post at which we can open 
for Q&A. Thank you. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you, Karan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks, everyone, for participating in this 
quarter 3 earnings call. Let me take you through the performance of the company for the quarter 
and 9 months ended 31st December 2023, before we open the floor for the questions. 
 
During the quarter, the demand conditions were mixed with urban markets seeing mid-single 
digit growth, while rural markets remain subdued due to consumer food price index remaining 
consistently high over the past few months.  
The company delivered a consolidated quarterly sales of INR236.4 crores with a 4.3% value 
growth and high-single digit volume growth. The volume growth was higher than value growth 
due to higher growth of the non-ADHO portfolio. 
 
For the 9 months ended December '23, consolidated sales stood at INR733.7 crores, resulting in 
a 4.4% value growth along with, again, a high-single digit volume growth. On a stand-alone 
basis, the gross margins grew by 30 basis points at 53.3% in quarter 3 FY'24. Gross margins for 
9 months FY'24 stood at 54.2%, an expansion of 110 basis points due to lower cost of key raw 
materials. 
 
On a stand-alone basis, the EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR38.4 crores, which is 13% 
growth over the same period last year. EBITDA margins saw an expansion of 140 basis points 
to 16.5% for the current quarter. For 9 months FY'24, the EBITDA stood at INR125.3 crores, 
which is 22% growth over the last year, while margins stood at 17.4%, an increase of 260 basis 
points over the same period last year. 
 
PAT for the quarter was INR37.6 crores, translating to an increase of 12% over the same period 
last year. For 9-month FY'24, PAT was at INR121.5 crores, registering a growth of 23% over 
the same period last year. General trade was flat on the secondary basis in quarter 3 on account 
of inventory corrections that we have taken up in the supporting distributors' working capital. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
In spite of credit crunch in the market, the company has maintained a strict discipline of ensuring 
zero credit to our distributors in GT, this should bode well for us as the markets improve and our 
credit discipline remains at where it is. In GT, while rural markets remain subdued, urban 
markets continue to perform better, driven by specific channel programs and initiatives in 
specific states as well as strong performance of the new products. 
 
Moderate trade continues to scale up well, registering a growth of 24% in Q3FY24 and 26% in 
the 9M FY24  over the same period last year. ADHO continues to gain market share in the key 
modern trade chains. Promoter-led activations for Almond Drop serum, shampoo plus 
conditioner and body lotion along with visibility spends and collaboration in Bajaj 100% pure 
Henna resulted in strong offtakes of these brands. 
 
The distribution for Bajaj 100% pure coconut oil continues to expand successfully resulting in 
double-digit growth. E-commerce once again registered a strong performance with a growth of 
25% for Q3FY24 and 27% for 9M FY24. 
 
E-commerce B2C demonstrated substantial growth of 38% for the quarter. E-commerce has 
grown over 2x over the past 8 quarters. Strong offtakes were recorded on key platforms during 
this quarter due to the festival demand. Our focus and usage of the AI power bid optimization 
tools helped us to win the best AI-powered marketing strategy at the DM Asia Sparkies Awards 
2023. 
 
The canteen businesses also did well, registered at 16% and 22% for the quarter and 9 months 
ended respectively. The growth was driven by robust performance in both CPC as well as CSD 
sub channel. 
 
International business continues to deliver strong performances registering a growth of 59% in 
the Q3 FY24 and 31% for 9M FY24. Middle East and Africa region achieved a 22% growth in 
Q3 led by revival across both the traditional trade as well as the modern trade channels. 
 
Saudi continues to do well with presence expanded in key modern trade accounts. In other 
regions, Nepal witnessed a strong recovery with good growth in general trade. Local operations 
in Bangladesh, as you are aware, was started about a year back. And now even in sales, we have 
started developing our own team, and this has started to yield promising results on the back of 
consumer demand generation through a mix of digital and online activities. Two new products 
have also been added in Bangladesh, 100% pure glycerin as well as 100% pure olive oil. These 
were launched in Q3 and have seen encouraging initial demands. 
 
At the brand level, ADHO remained flat for the 9 months ended December '23. Large packs over 
9 months have performed better with a mid-single-digit growth. ADHO was additionally 
supported with print media during the festival of ‘Abhyang Snan’ in Maharashtra. This ad 
featured in multiple inserts in local newspapers reaching about 31 lakh individuals. 
 
Digital marketing reach was then intensified with focus on influencer marketing targeted at new 
age customers for building the equity of the Almond Drop franchise. We deployed around 400 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
influencers in Q3, reaching out to 1.4 crores consumers as a part of our influencer marketing 
initiative. 
 
Driving social conversations via topical content led to a reach of 2.7 crores plus target audience 
with trending content. Diwali digital activation campaigns achieved a reach of 55 lakhs and 
garnered 15,000-plus instance of user-generated content. We continue to support the brand with 
strong media across TV, digital, print and increased investments in digital across various 
channels. 
 
Almond Drop extension portfolio continues to see promising offtakes. The Bajaj Almond Drop 
shampoo plus conditioner and body lotions were successfully listed on key e-commerce 
platforms and modern trade channels. These brands are supported with sampling display and 
digital media to generate product trials and sales. Digital campaigns reached over 1 crores 
targeted audience resulting in 6.5 lakh traffic generated towards e-commerce sites. 
 
Bajaj 100% pure coconut oil also sustained its growth momentum. TV and digital support 
continued in Q3 in select states. Exclusive consumer offers have been extended to consumers 
accompanied by on-ground rural activation in specific districts. Efforts such as enhancing 
visibility and sampling interventions in leading modern trade channels were met with positive 
responses. 
 
During the quarter, we launched Bajaj Gulab Jal in general trade and modern trade as a part of 
our strategy to expand our ethnic range. This new offering features natural oil extracts and 
hyaluronic acid providing effective moisturization and hydration for the skin. The product is 
suitable for all skin types and free from parabens and silicon. We have had good initial response 
from the product. 
 
The A&P spend for the quarter amounted to INR39.2 crores, which is 16.8% of sales. Our 
commitment to investing in ADHO and new brands remains firm, with an increased emphasis 
on digital media to align with the evolving preferences of customers. 
 
LLP prices in Quarter 3 remained flat as compared to the same period previous year. RMO prices 
saw a correction in Quarter 3, compared to the same quarter previous year due to balanced global 
demand supply of edible oils. We continued making progress on multiple initiatives in raw 
materials as well as packing materials through cost optimization and alternate vendor 
development for driving structural reduction in cost of goods sold. 
 
In line with our revamped ESG policy, we continue to implement measures in a minimizing 
water and energy consumption as well as reducing waste at our manufacturing facilities. Our 
efforts in energy optimization and efficiency improvement within manufacturing operations has 
resulted in reduced consumption of energy and water. 
 
We continue to make significant progress on our strategic pillars of growth, which sets up well 
as we expect market conditions to improve in the coming quarters. Specific pack level actions 
coupled with an increased distribution footprint as a part of our retail initiative, along with 
specific state level action plan is expected to drive top line growth for ADHO. New launches 
under the almond drop extension portfolio and Bajaj Ethnic range along with broad basing of 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
our hair oil continue to remain our growth drivers in the domestic market as a part of our 
expansion of the non-ADHO portfolio. 
 
The increased saliency of our non-ADHO portfolio is trending well as planned, increasing our 
footprint in international markets, which has been taken up since the last few quarters have 
already started bearing fruit and our high growth for the past few quarters are a testament to that. 
We expect the saliency of international business to continue to rapidly scale up in the near term. 
 
As we look into the next few quarters, we are quite optimistic that due to the government focus 
on rural housing and sectors such as agriculture and overall infrastructure, the macroeconomic 
factors will improve in our favour. The rural demand will also improve as a result. This will 
have a positive effect on consumption across the middle- and lower-income households. This 
growth in rural and household consumption should benefit us in the long term. 
 
This, along with our strategic initiatives, which have already started showing results should put 
us in a good strong position in the coming few quarters. 
 
With this, I end the opening remarks and open the session for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the portfolio mix. So you have really diversified your business quite well 
this year. So 9 months of core ADHO is flat in terms of value, while non-ADHO has seen very 
strong growth of 35%. So here, my question is, in this year, obviously, non-ADHO has done 
well because of two reasons. One is whenever deflation happens, smaller players do well and 
gain market share. 
 
So in coconut, you would have done quite well. You have done a lot of promotional offers also 
there. Now with the Copra expected to see inflation next year, that's what the market leader has 
expected and given the statement also, plus anyway this year, a lot of deflation has happened. 
Second is you did a lot of new launches in FY'24.  
So when these two drivers are playing out already in FY'24 in terms of new launches and share 
gains because of deflation. And that kind of changes in FY'25, how do you see growth happening 
in non-ADHO in FY'25? Do you expect 20%, 25% kind of growth continuing in FY'25? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Firstly, Abneesh, let's start with the first point that you said, whether smaller players get an 
advantage? While in terms of size, obviously, we are a smaller player, I would not like to really 
go by the tagline of a small player in case of any product which is distributed through our 
distribution system. We are, as you are aware, have a very, very strong distribution as far as hair 
oils are concerned, basically entire personal care. 
 
And in that, if you look at Copra as a raw material, I don't think there is any specific -- we have 
done -- as I've been talking about in the last two years, we have done a lot of work as well, Copra 
is concerned back end of Copra in terms of manufacturing as well as entire sourcing of Copra. 
So that there is not too much of a difference from the market in terms of our sourcing capability. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
So as far as sourcing capability, we are pretty pretty strong as far as Copra is concerned. So 
really speaking, if the Copra prices were either to go down or to go up as the market adjusts, we 
would also be able to adjust. So I do not see that as a hindering factor as far as growth is 
concerned. 
 
Our growth is coming not so much just because of the price, but because of our ability to have 
distribution across a large part of the country where we have been able to get traction as well, as 
far as coconut product is concerned. But just taking the coconut itself will actually be doing 
injustice to the kind of work that the team has been doing in the expansion of the portfolio. 
Coconut is just about one product in the entire work that is happening as far as the expansion of 
the portfolio is concerned. 
 
So you look at the entire planned strategic work that has happened in terms of the Bajaj Almond 
extension. So we were very, very methodical. We have said that our expansion will happen over 
a 2-, 3-year period and not in one shot, and exactly that is the path we are following as far as our 
expansion is concerned. We just launched our sixth product with the lotion, shampoo and 
conditioner. And these have not yet really come into our base. I mean, this is the quarter these 
products got launched. We are already seeing good offtakes that is happening. 
 
And I would think that these products will give much higher returns next year than this year 
because that is the first full year, they will see as far as the products are concerned, and this is 
where we are more investing in this product rather than getting results out of it. So I think that 
Almond Drop extensions itself is going to be a good leg for that as well as, I think, the ethnic 
range, which is just starting to give us some good results. 
 
Again, the premise that we had built with the ethnic range was that Bajaj is synonymous with 
Indianness, we'll have an immediate attraction towards anything that we put as an Indian product. 
And we would go into areas where gross margins are typically higher than ADHO. And that's 
where we are going and we are seeming to get some good responses, and that encourages us to 
launch further products in the ethnic range. 
 
We will obviously stagger it out so that we will be able to invest a bit as far as digitally is 
concerned in the initial stages. So the launches will get staggered, but we would want to remain 
with the products that we launch. So both the Almond Drop extension as well as the ethnic range 
both these will see launches even next year, some more while these bases pick up.  
And as far as the hair oils are concerned, while we'll continue to push the already launched hair 
oils well beyond ADHO that we have, we might also look at one of the other variants that we 
might want to add on to the hair oil fast enough. This is the portfolio. So I think next year, we 
should see even better numbers as far as the non-ADHO portfolio is concerned. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Two follow-ups on what you said. One was you said in terms of sourcing of Copra, now 
you're sourcing or say pricing, etc, is not very different versus market leader. So I wanted to 
understand that because market leader is so much larger. So the scale advantage plus the kind of 
relationship they have been having with the coconut producers. How you're able to overcome 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
that? And second is, when you say that market share gains have happened, any numbers you can 
give for the non-ADHO hair oils, some numbers on what are the gains? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
See, as far as sourcing is concerned, as you are aware, Copra is a very, very localized sourcing 
at a very specific location there. So hence, while obviously, scale is something that obviously 
cannot be matched in the near term, but every other parameter, whether it be the back-end 
coordination, back-end integration, understanding of how the Copra dynamics work, etc, I think 
is not complete rocket science. And over the last two years, our team has also understood that. 
 
As I would think some of the other companies as well. It's not only we are not an exception that 
we have understood that. So that monopolistic situation that existed may not remain on a 
continuous basis in the future. So I personally think there in the initial stages when we had 
launched, we were not sure whether we'll be able to get that kind of expertise, etc. 
 
But today, as nearly 1.5 years, 6 quarters have gone by and we have been able to manoeuvre that 
market, our understandings have become better and our understanding of the entire ecosystem 
right from the backend of the ecosystem to where it is like up to the manufacturing stage, I think 
we have got that more or less right. So I think we are pretty confident that, that is not going 
anywhere. 
 
In terms of market shares, if we look at our market shares are more or less remained where it is. 
It is about that 10.2%, 10.3% is where our market share remains, and because we have also at 
one stage, you will see that we are also slowly started focusing on products that would bring us 
higher gross margin.  
So for example, one of the ranges, which is the Amla range of products, which always typically 
has the lowest kind of gross margin. I have seen a lot of blood bath happening in that 
marketplace, and we have decided to remain away from that market because that kind of gross 
margin on the long term doesn't bode well for the long term of the organization. 
 
We would like to build brands where we can make some money. So we have stayed away from 
it. If and when we feel that there is money to be made in that. If there are specific SKUs, we'll 
go much more aggressively in that. So that's where we have left that market vacant. I have seen 
some of the other larger competition.  
I also get that back in market. And that's a company-level individual specific strategy people 
will take. But we have decided that there are enough space available for us where there are 
brands that we can build, which have structurally higher gross margin. So that's where we are. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My last question is on organized trade. So first is in terms of your share of modern trade 
plus e-commerce, how much is that? And what is the change over the last 9 months?  
Second is, you have said your stand-alone modern trade has grown at independent modern trade 
has grown at 50% versus the overall organized at 25%. So if you could elaborate what do you 
mean by in terms of the independent modern trade and what any different you're doing here? Or 
your presence was much more limited here and that's why the growth is much faster.  
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
And lastly, on this only, what is the quick commerce share? I understand your products are not 
that much impulse purchase, more of a planned purchase. But if you could tell us any specific 
strategic initiatives you are taking on quick commerce, given it's a more difficult channel for 
your kind of products. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So starting with your first question, what is our organized trade contribution. So today, our 
modern trade and e-commerce contributes to about 20% and additionally, another 3%, 4% comes 
out of -- comes out of our canteen business, so nearly about that will nearly -- close to one-fourth 
of our business is modern trade plus e-commerce plus canteen business, just a little less, I would 
think. 
 
As far as independent chains are concerned in modern trade, we talk of anybody who is not, let's 
say, a reliance or Vishal or a DMart, I mean not any of these large guys, Metro or Spencer, etc. 
Anybody outside that we consider as independent chain. So we have been doing very, very well 
in accounts like Saravana Bhavan, Otis, National Handloom, VMart, also in terms of Apollo 
Pharmacy.  
So these are the ones where Apollo is not a pure independent chain, but also a large pharmacy 
chain, which we have been doing. So this 52% growth comes out of as we have said last time 
also that our focus to enter the South would also be through some of these southern based strong 
MT independent chains. 
 
So our focus has been towards that because of an entry there and then maybe we'll see how we 
can improve it. So most of the attempt last year was to take our independent chains at a higher 
growth rate and that's what we have been able to do. And -- two things. One is entry into a certain 
geography. The other is also that we wanted to broad base our modern trade customer base itself. 
I mean DMart, Reliance are obviously two of the largest ones, along with Vishal, etc. playing in 
the fringe players.  
But we wanted to broaden the base so that at least our growth prospects do not get too much 
altered by behavior of a particular market. So in that process, two things have happened. One is 
the geography has expanded. Diversification of chains has happened and also we have been able 
to push our larger portfolios beyond ADHO. So quite a few of the boxes have got ticked in that. 
 
In Quick Com, yes, it's not a very large portion of our e-commerce business out of our entire 
B2C business. It's just about 5% of the business comes from mainly from Swiggy, Zepto so on. 
And that is something which is more organic, I would say, it's not so much of a specific effort 
that we put into that. Most of our effort goes into the larger of the e-commerce partners, which 
is where Amazon, Flipkart, Nykaa, Myntra, etc. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Most of the question has been asked by Abneesh. But starting with -- we have added three 
additional directors. So Jaideep, I need to have your thoughts Mr. Jagdish and Anupam Dutta 
and K.S. Narayanan have come on board. So what is it that we want to do? And what is it that 
expertise we want to utilize when they are on the board? 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So one of the things that we wanted to do is have a professionalized boards a far stronger board 
in terms of stronger may not be the right word, more suitable for our business with a growth 
trajectory that we want to take on. Quite a few levers have already been pushed, whether it be in 
terms of the channels that you see, whether it be in the international markets, whether it be it a 
new product diversification of portfolio, etc. most of these levers have been pushed. 
 
There is a macroeconomic headwind that we are facing as we think it is transient, it will pass 
way. We need to be ready for that next phase of growth. While as a company, we are working 
on that, we have a strategy leg also added to the team. We wanted also some outside in 
perspective who sit in the Board, and giving us a perspective from a little outside the Personal 
Care business. So we have people -- all these three gentlemen that you mentioned have a long 
experience as CEOs or Head of businesses in consumer industries. 
 
So all of them -- so they being a varied experiences across FMCG, other consumer businesses, 
domestic, international, running international businesses outside the countries that we can 
explore all the facets of whatever other levers we can push. We did not want more birds of the 
same feather, because most of the -- our industry, we have some understanding, and we would 
like to push that and maybe we can help take help from the consultant. 
 
We wanted completely outside in views, what is the view from the food side of the industry, 
what is the view from other consumer businesses, what is the view from the international, and 
that's where they come in to our board. All three of them are professionals with 30-plus -- 30, 
40-plus years of experiences. And I think that will add a lot of value to this Board. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. Wonderful. Just one follow-up here, if I'm right, about three quarters before we had a 
strategy head. So in the current context, if the markets are not picking up, hair oil consumption 
is declining. So what is the new strategy we want to drive? Or is the same strategy we would 
like to drive and wait for the market to turn positive? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So as we like to talk internally, if we talk about what we had put up at the first stage, which is 
those 3, 4 levers, which is expansion of hair oil, getting into the AD extensions getting into the 
ethnic range and maybe a bit of digital -- paddling a little bit in the digital world. So that we term 
ourselves as the first phase of growth and at least we know directionally what needs to be done, 
at least a lot of these levers are already working. 
 
What we are now looking at is getting a little more aggressive and looking at the second phase 
of growth beyond this, which all portfolio is a little more focused portfolio rather than approach 
it from where Bajaj has strength, rather than look at it inside out, as to which are the portfolios 
we would like to invest for the long term. So we -- internally, we have looked at a large range 
of FMCG categories and seen where we can do that. And now we are in the process of analyzing. 
 
See 2, 3 broader categories as a company, we would want to enter. When we would enter is 
absolutely right, we'll have to time our entry so that we are clear that this is when the tailwinds 
are coming in. So maybe the strategy that you will see coming out from our side may wait for 
another few quarters, but at least internal work is happening so that we are ready to ride the next 
tide when.  
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Anyway, as a company, we would like to expand aggressively. So that lever will anyway get 
pulled whether be it very -- whether there is a headwind or not. Unless there is very, very hard, 
very, very strong headwinds, we would really like to get into the second phase of the strategy, 
which is expansion beyond that.  
We would want the first strategic products that we are launching to gain some momentum, get 
some legs while on the other side, international, which has already started doing very well, 
gaining some legs and then maybe get into the second type of strategy, which is a far more 
structured approach towards what product ranges we would want to get in. It can be organic, it 
can be inorganic, both. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My last question on the margin front. If I look back 2 years before you instituted and you 
pushed the strategy from one brand to many brands, and that has yielded some fruit. But 
however, in the medium term, we have lost the margin. If I place your commentary last 3 
quarters, you've said that directionally, we will inch up.  
But again, this quarter, the margin has been not that high. So in the short term, whether you will 
chase the growth and allow the margins to be at a similar level or you will chase the margin and 
wait for the market recovery? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
We'll keep a mix of both. As we said, in terms of our guidance, we are looking at the 16% to 
18% is where we will keep our EBITDA in the near to medium term while we keep investing in 
the brand. So obviously, a bit of tailwind will be required in terms of getting a large amount of 
growth.  
But at least if you can see from the levers that we are pushing, given that a single brand company, 
which had very little manoeuvrability as far as, in this kind of a market situation. We are still 
coming shoulder-to-shoulder in terms of growth rate coming out of the various initiatives that 
we are pushing. 
 
Now most of them, as you see, are in the infancy stage. So they are just in the growth momentum. 
They are catching the growth momentum. And we are seeing quite a few products giving us 
encouraging results. Same thing is happening as far as the international market is concerned. I 
mean this is where we are investing.  
We have started -- and that is the commentary I had made even eight quarters back saying that 
this is not -- this time that we will take up international, we'll take it up one year later, which is 
what we did about five, six quarters and we have started already seen growth momentum coming 
in. 
 
The 2%, 3% salience that we have had in international has already crossed five and we are 
looking at that going rapidly higher. So in overall terms, we'll chase sales from one side, I mean, 
a few this thing as well as an EBITDA to ensure that ADHO itself becomes far stronger. Some 
work is happening in ADHO brand itself. I mean you would think that overall, we will keep that 
balance of keeping EBITDA about 16% to 18% thereabouts and ensuring that the growth 
momentum stays. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Majid Ahmed from SmartSync Investment Advisory 
Services. 
Majid Ahmed: 
So my first question that I have is now we are moving into the space of shampoos, lotions and 
other things, all of it. Any plan to make it into a sachet format so that your distribution goes to 
the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities able to do that. Any plans like that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes. So that question is relevant as far as we are concerned only to the shampoo segment, not 
so much for hair conditioners I presume. At least we are not looking into hair conditioner. As 
you have rightly pointed out, INR10,000 crores shampoo market, sachets contribute to about 
65% to 70%. And without being into sachets really speaking, you would not touch too much of 
the -- too much, you will not make too much of a difference. 
 
Our aim is obviously is hence twofold. We initially wanted to test our product, test our consumer 
responses to get an understanding of how the brand is performing overall in terms of pricing, in 
terms of the quality, in terms of packaging, etc. And that obviously -- that obviously -- that phase 
is nearly now getting over. While we move into Phase 2 as far as shampoo is concerned, is where 
we look at looking at a general trade launch and the moment it comes to general trade, obviously, 
your answer is that we'll have to get into the sachet pack. 
 
So we are looking at what kind of pricing ensures that our gross margin that we have targeted to 
ensure at least a 40% to 45% for a shampoo is concerned is maintained, and that is where we are 
looking at to ensure that, that is managed in once we launch in GT. So this is something that we 
should be seeing coming up in the next financial year. Yes. 
Majid Ahmed: 
That helps. So your gross margin in shampoo is 40%, 45% currently? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
It's a little higher at this stage. But with the launch of the sachet etc, we think it will come down 
to about between 40% to 45%. 
Majid Ahmed: 
 Okay. One other question that I have was on the GCC market, we're talking about Saudi Arabia, 
so any other geographies GCC like Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar. Are you planning to diversify there 
or you are presently present? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So if you look at the six markets of Gulf Cooperation Council, GCC that is. So we started by 
initially addressing the core, which is where we wanted to change our distributor in UAE, but 
this focus has been -- as far as GCC is concerned, that we ensure that you tie up with a pure 
FMCG distributor and yet he is not too large that we are completely ignored or I mean, you 
typically have two kinds of distributors. 
 
One is very, very large distributors who find it difficult to work with smaller players like us. On 
the other side, you have players who are really not into distribution of FMCG products. We have 
been stuck with either of these problems in most of these markets, we wanted to change it, have 
exactly what we wanted. 
 
Smaller players who see our business as a decent amount as a percentage of the business, 
typically touching double digit or close to that as a percentage of their business so that they are 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
interested, that fortunately we have been -- and that is something that we have been working 
very, very meticulously on that. 
 
In UAE, we have had a good track as far as that is concerned. So we have a fantastic distributor 
working with exactly our prerogative. So new products are getting launched and we'll launch 
further -- and I have not talked too much about UAE new product launch because it is still small, 
but I think you will see more and more of UAE as it's really coming up. 
 
Saudi Arabia following that, we have a very good distributor that we have put in. I don't think 
distribution is still the best in Saudi all parts of Saudi, some good distribution happening in the 
Riyadh area, but the Jeddah and Dammam area, I think we need to become a little stronger. That 
is what we are working on. 
 
Qatar, Doha we have had a good distributor so that is something that is going good. Kuwait, we 
are changing our distributor, it's not yet that strong. Oman, we also had a very good distributor 
that we have put up about 5 odd quarters back. So, great reasons across Muscat- Doha and 
Muscat-Salalah, Nizwa-Sohar, etc. So that is going good. Bahrain, small country, really 
speaking, not that focus, we have a decent distributors and trade. 
 
So Gulf is more or less well covered. We are getting further deeper into Middle East, some of 
the other countries we are looking into and a bit of North Africa. So I think the GCC market for 
us will do good business in the coming years. 
Majid Ahmed: 
The last question that I have, what's the marketing strategy going forward to improve the brand 
visibility? Like, any other strategies apart from digital marketing? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Sorry, can you repeat that? I didn't -- brand strategy? What was the question? 
Majid Ahmed: 
My question is, so regarding better brand visibility, Bajaj Consumer Care, what other strategies 
do you have apart from digital marketing and influencers? Any other strategies we have? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So if you're looking at it's a complete 360 strategy as far as we are concerned. So we'll obviously 
be present in traditional media. And as we have said, traditional media, obviously, being the 
spend, we have to be a little careful. National TV will only happen for ADHO. Regional 
television will be given -- support will be given to a few brands where we see good traction 
coming up. Coconut got some regional TV visibility. We are looking at one of the other brands 
where we'll support regionally. 
 
Digitally, we have taken all the brands, every single brand that we have talked about, we have 
increased our digital spend and ensured that digitally, we are covering all of them both in terms 
of on platform as well as off-platform, which is pure digital advertising. So I think we have been 
extremely active as far as social media is concerned, whether be it Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, 
you'll see us YouTube, a lot of content that is getting pushed in. 
 
So we are, as an organization, changing in terms of how we are seeing by the new-age customers, 
and we are seeing good responses coming up as we look at the social chatter, we see good 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
responses. And I think that is going to bode well for us as the company revitalize, reinvent itself. 
I think we'll see good traction, which we have already started slowly seeing in the future. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Yes. So if I can squeeze one more question. Can I? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes. 
Majid Ahmed: 
So another question that I have is what's the bifurcation in North Indian and South Indian 
markets? And what our strategy is to get more into a South Indian market as well? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Sorry, what was your -- I understood the second question what's the strategy in South Indian 
market. What's the first question about North India, South India? 
Majid Ahmed: 
Yes, bifurcation, bifurcation of your sales. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So South India contributes still a very marginal amount. It's still in single digits to our 
contribution. And I think there are other parts of India, which is West India, East India, which is 
what I would like to think very, very different. So we as is well known as far as Almond Drop 
is concerned, we are very, very strong in the North, relatively that is western, East comes next 
very similar and then much lower market shares in South. 
 
So as I was answering the previous question, one of the approaches that we have taken is get 
through the modern trade and e-commerce route into the Southern pockets, and we are seeing a 
bit of traction as far as we are concerned. Also, the fact that we have been able to expand our 
portfolio is also slowly showing results as far the Southern markets are concerned. This will be 
a long haul, but we are clear that we also want to crack South. 
We cannot keep South completely vacant, like we have. So there is a gradual approach. It is not 
that it has resulted in great numbers in the close term, but at least whatever we are tracking in 
terms of the kind of growth that we would want to have from the South in from the modern trade 
and e-commerce channels are tracking very well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Khandelwal from Laburnum Capital. 
Siddharth Khandelwal: 
First question is, could you please tell me the NPD revenue contribution for this quarter? And 
second question would be, could you please tell me more about the profitability of NPD at the 
gross and EBITDA level even a rough number would do. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
So first and foremost, I would not be able to tell you the gross contribution this thing. I will give 
you some indications of how it works. So most of the new products that we launch, we plan to 
have at least a gross margin between 45% to 50%, one or two might range in the range of a little 
lesser. But more or less, that's the target. 
 
Some of these NPDs have a gross margin, which is higher than Almond Drops, which is typically 
taking 55% to 60% based on both the raw material prices as well as the pack mix that we are 
selling. So this is roughly what we aim to keep it at 45% to 50% as far as the gross margin for 
these various products. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
So this is what it is. As far as the saliency is concerned, you should be able to derive the numbers, 
17% in the nine-month period comes out of our non-ADHO portfolio, which is one-sixth of our 
portfolio comes out of ADHO and 5/6 of it by reverse number is from ADHO. And in this 
particular quarter, actually, the saliency of non-ADHO which has been even higher is about 19%. 
And this is what we had also spoken off quite some time back that in the midterm, we would 
like to take the non-ADHO saliency to 30-40% and I think we are tracking well in that direction 
because most of the non-ADHO as you have seen are just in the infancy stage, and they are 
catching up. So with this kind of a launch, we think quite a few of them will already be showing 
good encouraging signals and with our support, I think should be doing well in the coming 2, 3 
years. 
Siddharth Khandelwal: 
I understood. That was helpful. Another question I had was more on, I mean, how do we sort of 
approach the NPDs strategically? I mean how do we decide whether these new products are 
working or not? At what point do we scale up investment? And what points do we think just 
trying to shut it down, could you tell me more about how our strategy really is in NPD? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So if it's a product, which is in only channel, which is a general trade, modern trade & e-
commerce itself, who I think the number of at least INR50 crores kind of a number over a three-
year period is a good number to target. And if that number is exceeded, and we have had 
situations in which those numbers get exceeded at times, we think we're in the good thing. 
 
As far as e-commerce and modern trade specific numbers are concerned, we would think a 
number of about INR25 crores for that specific product itself is a good number to achieve over 
the next three-year period. And that with a guardrail of a gross margin of about 40% to 50% -- 
45% to 50% is what we think is a good number to have in quite a few cases, those numbers are 
tracking well. We are going with them. 
One of the cases we have seen they are not tracking in these direction. We have actual dropped. 
So you'll see a coco onion has got dropped from this thing we have not been focusing too much 
on Natyv Soul. So we might come back on Natyv Soul but not at this stage. Given the headwinds 
we see as far as the general trade market is concerned, overall, we are not spending too much on 
Natyv Soul. 
 
So some of them, we have put in the backburner and some of them we have shut down, but a lot 
of the products that I mentioned are all running at this moment. 
Siddharth Khandelwal: 
This is helpful. My final question is, which product is getting most revenue traction in our NPD. 
If it is coconut, could you please share its approximate contribution in the NPD revenue pool? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So it is not only coconut that is scaling well. As I said, all of these products we are seeing. In 
fact, only Amla, which we had specifically not pushed because of extremely low gross margins. 
And I don't see -- because the product is mainly LLP and RMO-based, one of them and the other 
one is also LLP and RMO, or a little less of RMO. With that kind of a structure and with our 
sourcing, we have a good understanding what the raw material structure of that product can be. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
And when we see the marketplace where the prices are going so low, we are very, very clear 
that the gross margins cannot be something that is either sustainable or should be taken up at 
least for a company like ours, which is much smaller and does not need to get into that kind of 
value volume growth business -- growth aberration. So that is the only portfolio you see that we 
have not been pushing very, very aggressively. 
Other than that, we are seeing good scale-up happening, whether be the newer range that we 
have launched or some of the little older range of products there. Some of them are a little smaller 
like products like serum, etc, but I have seen fantastic uptake of serums that are coming up, and 
we are very, very in fact, some of it is actually very pleasantly surprising to us the kind of 
behaviour that products like serum, products like lotion is displaying. 
 
And we think that this will become a strong platform for us in the maybe one or two years to 
come. So Almond Drop extensions, ethnic range, coconut itself, all of them have been showing 
good results. Amla is something that we see good prospects, but we are going a little slow at this 
stage, especially the INR10, INR20 pack where there is no money to be made and we don't want 
to really push too much into categories with no money. 
 
Rather, let me rephrase it saying that we cannot afford to push ranges just for value growth in 
categories where there is no money to be made. I understand that in rural, INR10, INR20 is a 
large pack. I understand that they are looking for cheaper products, but we really don't want to 
play that game. We will get the value, but clearly speaking, not much structural strength we are 
building in the organisation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL Limited. 
Nikhil: 
I hope I'm audible? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, you are. 
Nikhil: 
Yes. Just an extension of the previous participant question. And my understanding would be 
wrong here. Jaideep sir, you had mentioned that most of this the Bajaj ethnic range and coconut 
and almond extensions were a GT kind of a product, which will help us grow the distribution 
and also move in the similar distribution, which we have already developed for ADHO. 
But if I -- now if I look at our quarterly number based on what we shared, the GT sales have 
been flat and the NPD sales is growing. Is it right to say that in GT specifically, ADHO sales is 
de-growing? This is the derivation which I believe, and I could be wrong here, and if it is so, 
what are we trying to do to arrest this decline? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Okay. So a little far, very minor, no, overall, your question is in the right direction, except that 
a minor correction, not all the products that have been launched are only all for GT. So for 
example, the ethnic range you are absolutely right, it is for GT, the hair oils that we have 
launched are for GT. Bajaj extension, some of them are, at this moment, non-GT as we discussed, 
shampoo was not GT, lotion is not a GT, lotion will not see GT even in the future as far as we're 
concerned. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Shampoo definitely will see; serum is going to get launched but not yet got launched. So some 
of the products in the Almond Drop extension range that you see have not yet gone into GT. 
Some of them, as I had mentioned in the previous call, will get into GT. Not yet. So this is first 
part of answer. 
Second thing is you're absolutely right. ADHO has not had -- it is flat as far as nine months is 
concerned, it is tracking very similarly to that. I mean, in fact, some of the pack and the 
interesting part is, overall, if you look at as, again, as a part of our strategy, we don't want to 
focus too much on just the INR10, INR20 pack, which is the lowest margin overall.  
Obviously, we have to play. It's not something that we would not like to play. But overall, as a 
strategy, we are trying to see where we can make more margin. And that's why the large pack 
focus in there, we have grown well in the large pack. Mid-pack is where we have seen a little bit 
of a decline, and that's what we will address with some corrections. 
But large pack is what we have been focusing where we are a little better, and that's what our 
focus has been. Yes. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. But sir, why I'm asking is, see, we have an internal estimation of being in the range of 
16% to 18% EBITDA margin. Now that will be a play of either getting better sales growth, 
which on the modern trade and the international part we are getting. But it's a GT part, which is 
not growing at all or either we improve our gross margins, which even in your initial 
commentary, you said most of the RM was flat, but still the gross margins even sequentially 
have not improved. 
It's like, it's a deterioration of 100 basis points. So if we have to sustain in that 16% to 18%, 
either we grow our sales or either we improve our gross margins. How will we balance between 
these two? Because the product ranges, which we are launching are either in the 45% to 50% 
gross margin bracket? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So absolutely right. So either you grow your sales or you grow your gross margin. In this case, 
it will be a combination of both. So you're looking at expansion of your sales through expansion 
of your portfolio 45% to 50% gross margin, through nominal profit in the kitty where you have 
the fixed cost absorbed and some of the variables also beyond a certain point absorbed. 
So some of your economies of scale will straightaway come up and the 16% to 18% is still in 
the radar. We are still at 16% to 18%. So it's not something that we are planning to go much 
higher than what we existing are. So with this current situation where LLP prices are also 
becoming a little more benign, we think that we should be over-performing in that, but this range 
we would remain. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And last question. See, what my understanding and this could be wrong, was that one 
place was Almond Drop and sustaining the strength of the Almond Drop brand through line 
extensions or through product extensions. The second one, the Bajaj Ethnic Range, where we 
were looking at using the Bajaj equity, but here the gross margins of the products which will be 
launched would be lower, probably should get... 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Sorry, just correcting you interrupting you gross margins in the ethnic range will be much higher. 
In fact, it will be higher than ADHO. The product categories might be smaller, the competition 
will be lesser and the gross margins will be higher. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. Okay. So okay. My understanding was wrong here. And just last on the e-commerce 
brand, you said on Natyv Soul and all, we've put them on a back burner. But we had discussed 
that we would like to own a category like Argan and all, how are we going about it? And we've 
not talked about launches on those segments? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Argan category Natyv Soul still continue. It's not that we have closed on the Argan category. It's 
just that our entire spend, etc. So what we have decided is, absolutely right. I mean initially, 
when we had launched Natyv Soul, maybe we launched too many of the hero ingredients to start 
with. As a learning we cannot support so many hero ingredients, like most of the digital brands, 
they have taken either onion or Vitamin C, etc, etc, establish and then proliferated. 
 
We also wanted by pushing only the Argan range, so that story still remains, the products still 
remain. They're still available in the marketplace, except that we would like -- we are not scaling 
it up too much. We are not spending too much of digital money in that. And as and when we 
think that it fits into our portfolio, we can give it a thrust, we will take it up forward.  
Nikhil: 
Can I ask you why we are not pushing or investing behind those? Because I thought probably 
the idea was to create a D2C brands, which could be scalable and the gross margins were also 
good there. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
It's a question of see, it's all a question of juggling the balls. With the kind of business that we 
are in, which ADHO is the only money spinner for you, you need to decide which are the path 
you would like to track. I mean, on one side, we are talking about the 16% to 18% EBITDA to 
be met. 
And I think that's a fair call because we it's not because of anything else, but to ensure that at 
least the basic structure of the business remains. In case we really see traction coming up and 
we'll value the EBITDA going forward, where we are getting, let's say, mid-teens growth, etc, 
that's a separate call. 
 
At this moment, we see when the market conditions are difficult, we would like to ensure that 
growth happens without too much of dilution of our EBITDA margin. And yet create strength 
as far as various brands are concerned, where there will be different levers to pull when the 
market conditions come back anyway in a cyclical curve at some point of time, the market will 
come back. And when it comes back, we should be in a position to capitalize most. 
 
As far as Natyv Soul is concerned, we could have put some interest in, but our EBITDA would 
have kept on diluting. And I don't know whether we have been able to sustain for, let's say, a six 
quarter, eight quarter of investments without too much of large returns coming on from that. 
So instead of that, and that's the call we have taken, and that can always be questioned, that we 
have decided that instead of pushing a completely new brand and pushing, getting the concept 
in with the kind of business that is generated out of e-commerce because the dynamics and 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
structure of e-commerce profitability is as it is, we thought that it was much better to push ranges 
that are lower hanging fruit for us. 
We can make little with more top line sales as well as better bottom line. So that's what we have 
taken up. And in case we feel that, that also can be afforded in this entire game of having top 
line growth as well as the 16% to 18% EBITDA we put that in. At this moment, it is not fitting 
in that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Just one question from my end. In your initial comments, you mentioned that there was an impact 
of inventory correction. So what would be the impact on the overall volume growth? And when 
can we expect this inventory correction to stabilize? And from there, we should see a better kind 
of a growth  
Jaideep Nandi: 
Just to give you a factual number, just to give you a number which I was avoiding until now, we 
are a secondary sales of INR8 crores more than our primary sales this quarter. So if our primary 
sale was equal to secondary sale that would straightaway translate into another 3.5% growth as 
far as the business is concerned for the quarter. 
 
Now obviously, that was the easiest incentive for us or easiest thing. But as a company, we have 
decided that we will not bite into any of the short-term measures to improve our numbers, we 
wanted to make it a structurally stronger company. So secondly is INR8 crores higher. We have 
reduced the inventory. 
We have not succumbed to the pressures of not giving credit to our distributors. We don't see 
that happening in much of the -- a lot of companies we see today have increased the credit period 
of the distributors. And we are also seeing a fallout of that because the credit crunch is ensuring 
that slowly the distributor inventories are building up, and we are seeing some -- in some cases, 
it is bursting from the scenes for some of the competition. 
So we'll see how it goes. But as far as we are concerned, we are very, very clear that we remain 
in an extremely strong position with zero credit to the general trade.  And in this case, where 
credit crunch has happened where the inventory correction has happened. It's a good thing as we 
are concerned. Yes, the numbers are 3.5% subdued as far as numbers are concerned, but I am 
completely comfortable with that. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So thank you so much for patiently being party to this entire conference, it was a pleasure 
interacting with all of you. So as we look at quarter four and the coming years and being an 
election year with the kind of budget that has come out with the commitments that have come 
out from the government, and those spending's truly fructifying and results coming in and there 
will be more money in the hands of the poor, specifically in the Northern belts, etc, in the states, 
which are a little more stressed to than maybe the Southern states. 
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
We feel that we are in a coming into a very, very comfortable and a good position where we 
have a much more expanded portfolio, much better executions that are happening across most 
of the markets as well as the expansion. So quite a few growth levers have been initiated, are 
tracking well, and I think as market condition as the macroeconomic conditions improve, we 
should be taking advantage of it. 
 
So with that, I wish you a very, very good year and good ending of the year. And thank you so 
much for joining the call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies in the English 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking / recording/transcribing  
bajaj coNsUMER CARE 
