                    
  
 
                                                                 NTPC Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 (A Government of India Enterprise) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                      CORPORATE CENTRE 
Registered Office: NTPC Bhawan, SCOPE Complex, 7, Institutional Area. Lodi Road, New Delhi-110003 
Corporate Identification Number: L40101DL1975GOI007966, Telephone No.-01124387333, Fax: 011-24361018, E-mail: isd@ntpc.co.in  
Website: www.ntpc.co.in 
 
 
 
 
Ref. No.:01/ FA/ISD/Compliance/2023-24  
                                                          Dated: 05.02.2024 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Code - NTPC 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited, Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code - 532555 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Analysts & Investors on 30 January 2024  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, this is to 
inform that a conference call was held on 30 January 2024, wherein Management of NTPC Ltd. discussed the 
Company's results for the quarter and nine-month ended 31 December 2023 with the Analysts and Investors.  
 
Transcript of the above-mentioned conference call is attached herewith and can also be accessed at: 
https://www.ntpc.co.in/investor-updates/transcripts 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
 
(Aditya Dar) 
Executive Director (Finance)  
ADITYA 
DAR
Digitally signed 
by ADITYA DAR 
Date: 2024.02.05 
10:41:49 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
NTPC Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
30 January 2024 
 
 
Management: Mr. Jaikumar Srinivasan, Director (Finance) 
                         Mr. Dillip Kumar Patel, Director (Human Resources) 
                         Mr. Ramesh Babu V., Director (Operations) 
                         Mr. Shivam Srivastava, Director (Fuel)   
                         Mr. K. Shanmugha Sundaram, Director (Projects)  
                          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call of NTPC Limited, hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
                                     I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Dole from IIFL Securities Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harsh Dole: 
Thanks, moderator. Greetings, everyone. I'm Harsh Dole. On behalf of IIFL 
Securities, I welcome you all to the 3Q FY24 earnings call of NTPC. To discuss 
the performance of the quarter gone by and share the outlook, we have the entire 
senior management team of NTPC. I would request Mr. Jaikumar Srinivasan, 
Director, Finance, to make the opening remarks, subsequent to which the floor 
will be open for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to all the esteemed participants. I am Jaikumar 
Srinivasan, Director (Finance) at NTPC Ltd. It is my pleasure to extend a warm 
welcome to each of you for the Q3/9M FY24 Conference Call. Thank you for 
joining us today. 
I have with me Shri Dillip Kumar Patel, Director (Human Resources), Shri 
Ramesh Babu V., Director (Operations), Shri Shivam Srivastava, Director 
(Fuel), Shri K. Shanmugha Sundaram, Director (Projects). I also have with me 
other key members of the NTPC team.  
Yesterday, the Company announced the unaudited financial results for Q3/9M 
FY24. The Key Performance Highlights for Q3FY24 and 9M FY24 have already 
been disclosed on both stock exchanges.  
NTPC has completed yet another remarkable quarter with a resilient operational 
and financial performance.  
Operational Highlights of Q3/9M FY24 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
➢ As on 31 December 2023, the commercial capacity of NTPC stands at 57838 
MW on a standalone basis and 73874 MW for the Group. 
➢ NTPC Group generated 315 Billion Units in 9M FY24 as compared to 295 
Billion Units in 9M FY23, an increase of 7%. 
NTPC’s standalone gross generation in 9M FY24 is 268 Billion Units as 
compared to 255 Billion Units in the corresponding previous period, an increase 
of 5% 
➢ During 9M FY24, PLF of coal stations of NTPC was 76.40% as against the 
National Average of 68.51%. For 9M FY24, 4 coal stations of NTPC group viz. 
Bhilai, Korba, Rihand, and Singrauli, were among the top 10 performing stations 
in the country in terms of PLF. 
➢ During the 9M FY24, there has been lower power surrender by beneficiaries due 
to lower un-requisitioned power of 66 Billion Units against 72 Billion Units in 
the corresponding previous period. There was a generation loss due to Fuel 
Supply of 0.33 Billion Units against 2 Billion Units in the corresponding period 
of the previous year. 
Status of Fuel Supply: 
➢ During Q3 FY24, materialization of coal against Annual Contracted Quantity 
was 95% as against 98% in the corresponding previous period.   
➢ Coal supply during Q3 FY24 was 62.37 MMT including 2.15 MMT of imported 
coal. The coal supply during the corresponding previous period was 54.02 MMT 
including 1.57 MMT of imported coal.  
➢ NTPC Group has registered the highest-ever coal production of 25.36 Million 
Metric Tonnes (MMT) in 9M FY24 with growth of over 74% as against 14.55 
MMT in previous nine months. A cumulative expenditure of ₹10,612.52 crore 
has been incurred on the development of coal mines till 31 December 2023.  
Coming to the Financial Highlights: 

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
➢ Total Income for Q3 FY24 is ₹40,288 crore as against ₹42,149 crore in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. On a Nine-Month basis, the Total 
Income is ₹1,21,486 crore as compared to ₹1,24,685 crore in 9M FY23. 
➢ PAT for Q3 FY24 is ₹4,572 crore, as against ₹4,476 crore in the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year, registering an increase of 2.14%.  On nine-month 
basis, PAT is ₹12,523 crore as against ₹11,524 crore in 9M FY23, registering an 
increase of 8.66%. 
➢ Total Income of the group for 9M FY24 is ₹1,32,349 crore as against ₹1,33,231 
crore in the corresponding previous period. PAT of the group for 9M FY24 is 
₹14,842 crore as against the corresponding previous period PAT of ₹12,250 
crore, registering an increase of 21.16%. 
➢ During Q3 FY24 our subsidiaries earned a profit of ₹1,516 crore as compared to 
₹1,290 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year, registering an 
increase of 17.45%.  NTPC’s share of profit in JVs has increased from ₹481 crore 
in 9M FY23 to ₹1,424 crore in 9M FY24. 
➢ During 9M FY24, we have accounted dividend income of ₹662 crore as against 
₹1053 crore during 9M FY23. 
➢ We had declared first interim dividend of Rs.2.25 per share for the financial year 
2023-24 after second quarter results. Further, we have declared second interim 
dividend of Rs.2.25 per share yesterday. Thus, total interim dividend of Rs.4.50 
per share has been declared for the financial year 2023-24. 
The regulated equity as on 31 December 2023 was ₹82,094 crore for NTPC on 
standalone basis and ₹98,712 crore on group basis.  
Fund Mobilization  
➢ Average rate of interest during 9M FY24 is 6.66% as compared to 6.32% in 9M 
FY23. 
CAPEX 
➢ The Capital outlay of NTPC Group has been estimated at ₹28,373 crore for 
FY24. 

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
➢ In 9M FY24, we have incurred a group CAPEX of ₹21,552 crore as compared 
to ₹26,058 crore in the corresponding previous period. 
Further, I would like to list a few other highlights 
➢ The NTPC group is deeply committed to advancing Renewable Energy 
initiatives. As of now, we have successfully commissioned 3364 MW of 
Renewable Energy projects. Currently, an additional 7808 MW of Renewable 
Energy projects are in various stages of construction. Moreover, we have 8225 
MW of Renewable Energy Projects in the tendering process, and a substantial 
3350 MW Equivalent Land Bank, presenting a tangible pipeline of 22747 MW. 
 
➢ As part of our overall energy security plans, we are actively considering 
awarding thermal capacity of 16.8 GW in near future. This is in addition to 10 
GW thermal capacity already under construction for the group. Furthermore, to 
have greater fuel security we are enhancing our coal mining capacity as well and 
expect to reach an annual production of 50 Million Tonnes in the next 3 years. 
➢ On December 15, 2023, MDO contract was awarded for the Badam Coal Mining 
Project marking a significant milestone as all six coal mining projects of NTPC 
now have MDO contracts in place. 
➢ "Going Higher on Generation, Lowering GHG (Green House Gas) Intensity,” 
remains our motto for environment management & drives our efforts to comply 
with new environment norms. We have taken significant steps to control SOx 
and NOx emissions. Over the next 3 years, we plan to commission FGD systems 
for our entire operational and under-construction capacity, ensuring a substantial 
reduction in SOx emissions. 65200 MW has been awarded, out of which 5960 
MW has already been commissioned & 59240 MW is under implementation. 
➢ NTPC Group achieved 300 Billion Unit power generation in FY 2023-24 in 
record time of 262 days, which is 18 days early as compared to the last financial 
year.  
➢ Erection work for 22 TPD Biomass Pellet Plant at Bhatinda, Punjab has been 
completed and the project is likely to be commissioned in Q4 of FY 2023-24.  
Erection activity for setting up of 50 TPD pellet plant at NTPC Dadri and 100 
TPD pellet plant at APCPL Jhajjar are in progress. 

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Awards received by NTPC in Q3 FY 24 
➢ NTPC received Gold Award for Annual Report at the Corporate Governance 
Disclosures Competition 2022 organised by the South Asian Federation of 
Accountants (SAFA). The annual report of NTPC for the year 2021-22 has been 
conferred with Gold award (Public Sector Entities Category) under SAFA Best 
Presented Annual Report Awards, Integrated Reporting Awards & SAARC 
anniversary awards for corporate governance disclosures competition 2022. 
➢ NTPC Coal Mines bagged Star Rating Awards under the Star Rating System 
instituted by the Ministry of Coal (MOC) to promote green, safe and sustainable 
mining practices. NTPC Dulanga Coal Mining Project has been awarded Star 
Rating Awards (3rd rank) under the category of Open cast mines for the year 
2019-20, 2020-21 and 2021-22. NTPC Talaipalli Coal Mining Project has also 
been awarded Star Rating (Achievers Rank) under the Open cast category for the 
year 2019-20. 
➢ NTPC has been recognized as one of the “World’s Best Employers 2023” in the 
Forbes World’s Best Employers list 2023. It ranked 261st out of top 700 
companies in the World ranking and is the only Indian PSU to figure in the list. 
This is a testimony that the people practice at NTPC are at par with the top 
companies in the world. 
These were some of the key highlights I wanted to share before we begin with 
the question-and-answer session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Anuj, ICICI. Please 
go ahead.  
Anuj: 
I just had a couple of questions. First, if I see your stand-alone P&L, point 
number 5, profit before regulatory deferral account balances, that seems to have 
declined both on a quarter-on-quarter basis and on a Y-o-Y basis. While I 
understand there is point six as well, which talks about some regulatory deferral 
account balances, my question is, how should I be looking at the profit? Should 
I be looking at profit for the whole period, including regulatory deferral? 
                                    And second question is, how do I project this number? Because this number has 
been very volatile in the last few quarters. If I see last year, it was of a loss of 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
about INR1,750 crores, and this quarter, it is a profit of about INR1,466 crores. 
So that's point number one. And second question is if you can just quantify the 
incentives for this quarter, given that your PAF, the plant availability factor, was 
down about 6%, 7% from a quarter-on-quarter perspective. So, these two 
questions. Thank you. 
Management: 
Yes. So, first question was on the stand-alone profitability, how you should be 
looking at the profitability? So, in fact, a mark of comparison, you should be 
looking at overall profitability, which is up by INR998.55 crores. The regulatory 
deferral, there was a peculiar thing in the last year that we had changed the 
methodology of accounting whereby all the sale of ash collections were 
accounted for under regulatory deferral. But subsequently, this was by account 
transfer, it was all shifted to the actual revenue. So, to that extent, there will be a 
variation seen. But on an overall basis, the profitability remains progressive. 
                                    Coming to your next question regarding incentives. The trend of incentive is for 
the third quarter, it is INR124 crores. And overall, for the nine months, the 
incentive is INR462 crores, which is higher compared to the last year. The trend 
is on an increasing trend. If you are to look at the figures of incentive for the last 
three years, it has grown from INR164 crores, INR354 crores, then INR424 
crores and now it is INR462 crores. 
Anuj: 
Okay. Thank you. Just one clarification. This net movement in regulatory 
deferral would remain elevated at these levels. Would it be fair to assume that? 
Or should it reverse going forward in the future quarters? 
Management: 
No. The regulatory deferral is based on two, three components. One, it can be 
due to foreign currency movement. So, we can't capture that as a trend per se. 
Anuj: 
Sir, basically, you were saying that there has been some accounting difference 
between last year same quarter and this year this quarter. So that's why I was just 
asking. So, you're saying it's difficult to comment. 
Management: 
No, to that extent, that peculiar transaction is one-time. It will not be repeated. 
Anuj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good afternoon, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, what 
was the under recovery in the nine months? And what was this number in H1? 
Management: 
Under recovery in sense of disincentive, you mean? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. 
Management: 
Under recovery in the third quarter was close to INR256 crores. And overall, it 
is around INR740 crores, which we should see the reversal during the fourth 
quarter. This was essentially due to a more number of outages that were taken in 
the third quarter because it's kind of an over planning that during the first quarter 
of the next year, the demand is likely to be upside. So, as preparatory measures, 
more number of outages are taken in the third quarter. So, you should see a lot 
of reversals in the fourth quarter. 
Management: 
I think I would like to give some clarification on this. Government of India has 
said to the power companies that they should not take any overhauls for the 
month of March onwards. So, some of the overhauls that were supposed to be 
taken in March, that was preponed. Similarly, in the beginning of the year up to 
June, we were not allowed to take any overhauls because of the prevailing grid 
conditions. So, some of these overhauls were also adjusted in these months. So, 
we have taken more overhauls during this period. And once these units come 
back on bar, you will see a lot of reversal of these under recoveries. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is that the fact that the under recovery has been higher in the 
last five years. And one of the key reasons could be that peak, off peak, lower 
season, high season and in the new regulation, the lower season, high season has 
gone off. Do you think this will help materially for us to report a lower under 
recovery in the next tariff period if the draft regulation prevails in the final? 
Management: 
Yes, it could actually help the Company. In fact, with the government giving us 
the directions to schedule our overhauls, we were facing some problems. And 
we're actually telling the government also that this high demand, low demand 
thing should go. And in this 24-29 regulation, that has been removed. So, to this 
extent, yes, the under recovery will be less. We do not have this high demand, 
low demand. 

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Management: 
Just to add to what Director (Operations) said, yes, the changed regulations will 
give us a better latitude to manage our grid condition because earlier, whatever 
was the declared peak and non-peak and as compared to what was the real grid 
situation, so this will be a better latitude to operate. 
Mohit Kumar: 
The last question is the government is saying about adding 88 GW of coal in next 
10 years. Are we revising our capacity addition target for coal-based power plant 
as of now? Or do you think we will revise it later? 
Management: 
Out of which, NTPC is going to add 16.8 GW thermal directly. And indirectly, 
we'll be supporting the state government utilities in awarding 7 GW. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Thanks, and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ravikanth from Tara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravikanth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Ravikanth Desai. This is my one small question. Is 
there any planning of merger of THDC and NEEPCO in NTPC? 
Management: 
No, to our information, there is no such and whatever is there, it can just be a 
speculative kind of thing. Officially, there is nothing with us. 
Ravikanth: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Yes. Sir, what was the recurring PAT in the quarter, if you could share that 
number? Normally, you adjust for some one-off, etc. 
Management: 
Yes. See, if you are referring to what can you term as adjusted profit, our adjusted 
profit for the current Q3, it was INR4,468 crores as compared to INR4,424 crores 
in the previous Q3. If you talk of a nine-month basis, our adjusted profit is 
INR11,760 crores, which compares favourably with previous year, it was 
INR11,418 crores. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay and sir, this 16.8 GW award plan, so like which are some of the key projects 
like which you could award over, say, next six months to one year out of this 
pipeline? 

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Management: 
This would be Singrauli 3, 1,600 MW; Sipat 3, 800 MW; Darlipalli, 800 MW. 
So, this would be typically in the Q1, Q2 tendering for the forthcoming year. 
There is one more, Meja, 2,400 MW; and Nabinagar 2, 2,400 MW; Telangana 2, 
2,400 MW. So besides this, there will be Gadarwara, Anpara, Obra, Patratu. So, 
totalling to 16.8 GW. So out of this, 9.6 GW would be on a stand-alone NTPC, 
and 7.2 GW would be implemented through the JV/subsidiary. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. 
Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Thank you so much. Sir, basically, out of the 16.8, the breakup is the 9.6 and 7 
GW, right? That's how one should read in terms of this? 
Management: 
Yes, 9.6 and 7.2 is the breakup between stand-alone and the JV/subsidiary. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And what is the timeline of the award for all of this, and which one will be the 
first one to go? 
Management: 
5600 MW should be tendered out in the Q1 and Q2 of next year and 6,400 MW 
should be up to Q2 of FY26, and 4,800 MW could be there in FY27. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. So, for the first 5.6 GW, what are the stages of approval that you need to 
cross and where are you on those? 
Management: 
In case of Singrauli, there is no need for studies. All studies have been completed. 
For Sipat, we are waiting for the EC and for Darlipalli, we need certain amount 
of land acquisition as well as EC. Meja, certain amount of land for is required. 
However, as committed, we'll be able to award it by next six months. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. So, you're expecting EC and land acquisition also to get completed and in 
Singrauli, you have EC already in place? 
Management: 
Yes, we have the EC. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. Secondly, if it's possible to break up your other income in form of income 
from subsidiaries and rest of the income, it would be very helpful. 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Management: 
See, the breakup of dividend would be that the dividend from subsidiaries, 
INR190 crores, and the dividend from JVs would be INR463 crores. The gross 
will be INR662 crores. What was your other question? 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes, and then there will be surcharge income, etc., right? 
Management: 
Surcharge for nine months is INR186 crores compared to INR459 crores last 
year. So, the surcharge is on a reduction trend because of the good collection 
efficiency now. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Right. Understood. My last question is on your renewable capacity that's still 
about 3.3 GW. You're sitting on 3 GW quite a bit. Are you happy with the pace 
of commissioning? Or do you expect that pace of commissioning to change in 
the year ahead? You have 4 GW of pipeline already. 
Management: 
We have a commissioned capacity of 3.3 GW, but we are gearing up, as I was 
telling in my initial remarks that 7.8 GW is already under execution with PPA 
available, construction contracts are all awarded. Another 11.9 GW is in the 
pipeline where we have won the bid either or the LOA has been received, PPA 
has been signed. Some of them are through JVs, so JVA has been signed. Term 
sheet and some consents received. So, these are under well state of preparation, 
so under execution also. But nevertheless, I'll request my CEO of NGEL to 
elaborate on this, Mr. Mohit Bhargava. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And also on the 7,800 MW, which is under construction, what should be the 
timeline of commissioning for FY25 and FY26 and if at all anything more can 
come in FY26? 
Management: 
Yes. Good afternoon. First things first, no, we are not happy with the pace of 
execution, but these are things which are not in our control and now hopefully, 
we are back on track. The major issue, of course, was the module supply. So, we 
started receiving the supplies now. Out of the 7.8 GW, which is already awarded, 
progressively, we hope to commission them over the next 24 months. But about 
1 gigawatt definitely will come by March. 
                                    That's what our target is because of what is going on. Then another of course, the 
idea is to have close to another 3 GW next year and balance thereafter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lavina from Jefferies. 

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Lavina: 
Just wanted to check again on this slower pace of execution. Outside of receipt 
of modules, is there anything on the land acquisition side or certain other fronts 
maybe delaying the execution? Just wanted a perspective that your three-year 
target is in place, your '25-'26 target? 
Management: 
No, the major challenge was module only because there has been a change in 
what the regulations have been put in place by the government. So, this is what 
delayed the module procurement. Other than that, I would say these are routine 
issues. Land and execution challenges through the EPC contractors are always 
there, but that's our job to take care of those. So, we don't perceive anything 
specific, which is out of hand there. 
Lavina: 
Okay. So, your 2025-26 target would be in place, right, what you'll have in mind, 
what you have been guiding for? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Upadhyay from Investec. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Sir, my first question belongs to the under recovery, which you mentioned in 
nine months, we had around INR740 crores of under recovery, and we target to 
bring it down. Any number you want to put or where we would like to end up 
FY24 figures for the under recovery? 
Management: 
It would be around INR400 crores to INR450 crores. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
INR400 crores to INR450 crores. Okay. Second is on the capacity addition, sir. 
So, while the renewable target has been mentioned, how about the conventional 
things? So, like year-to-date, we have added close to 1.6 gigawatt of capacity. 
And if I'm correct, we had given a consolidated target of adding somewhere close 
to 6 to 7 GW on an annual basis, of which roughly 3 gigawatt was renewable. 
                                    So how are the balance 4 GW of conventional capacity panning out? Are we 
sticking to the timeline for FY24, FY25, FY26 numbers? Or there is some kind 
of a change we expect? 
Management: 
The current year target was 3580 MW in conventional, which we will be able to 
achieve. North Karanpura Unit 2, Telangana Unit 2 and Maitree Unit 2 in 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Bangladesh are pending. These three are on track. They are expected to be 
commissioned by the month of February. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay. So, they have been synchronized, Sir, right? 
Management: 
North Karanpura has achieved full load also. Telangana as well is going to 
achieve full load in two to three days. Maitree was not able to go to trial operation 
because of coal issues. Now they are also starting. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Fine, Sir and for FY25 & FY26? 
Management: 
For FY25, we have a target of around 4 GW and for FY26 around 2.7 GW plus.  
Anuj Upadhyay: 
All right, Sir and the PPA and FSA are all in place for this capacity, which are 
likely to come up by FY26, right, sir? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay and only for the new projects which we have announced, 16.8 gigawatt, 
we need to seek the approval for the PPA and FSA? 
Management: 
Yes. It's on the cards, no issue. 
Anuj Upadhyay: 
Okay and lastly, on the cash flow front, so factoring the thing that we are adding 
close to 6-7 gigawatt on an annual basis, how would our cash flow be placed so 
that we can meet the equity capex for this capacity? If you can throw some light 
on this, it would be helpful, sir. 
Management: 
We have a comfortable projection, depending on all the capacity additions, and 
better regulated equity, we will keep on adding. So, our cash flow projection is 
comfortable and would be able to take care of our 30% equity for all this 
requirement. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from AMBIT Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
First question on renewable energy. On the 7.8 GW that you're looking at for the 
next two odd years, given we've seen correction in module prices, and you've 
finally secured modules, any idea the IRR on these projects that you're looking 
at? Would it be better than the projects you already have executed, or could it be 
better than the existing projects? That's the first one. 

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Management: 
If the module prices remain corrected and maybe go down further, definitely, 
there will be better IRR. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
When you are biddings for RE projects, what is the IRR you're looking at right 
now? 
Management: 
See, the renewable side is a competitive arena, and the IRR is something which 
I can only give you a range. I cannot be very specific about this. So, we are 
looking for a very healthy IRR, which would be comparable with what we are 
earning in the cost-plus segment. I cannot be more specific. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. On the 16.8 GW of capacity for coal you mentioned, any idea how much 
of that could be pithead and how much non-pithead? 
Management: 
Singrauli is pithead, Sipat is also pithead, Darlipalli is pithead, Meja is non-
pithead, Telangana is pithead, Gadarwara is non-pithead, Nabinagar is non 
pithead, Patratu is pithead. Obra and Anpara are pithead, so we can tally it up 
and on a ballpark basis, 60% to 65% is on a pithead basis, and remaining 35% is 
non-pithead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Just one clarification on the capacity expansions. You mentioned 4 
gigawatt for FY24. Is it largely on time when we look at Telangana and North 
Karanpura? Can you maybe just talk about how much are you looking at 
commissioning in the first half of FY25? 
Management: 
The next year you are talking, first half? 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Yes. 
Management: 
First half, it will be Barh and North Karanpura. Telangana will be commissioned 
in this year itself. Telangana, North Karanpura Unit 2 by this year itself. Next 
year, it will be 1 unit of North Karanpura, 1 unit of Barh, 1 unit of Patratu and 1 
unit of THDC Khurja. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Bernstein. 
Nikhil: 
My first question is on pumped storage project. Last time, we had announced that 
there's about 14 GW of opportunities under various stages of discussion. I wanted 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
to check, what is the status on that? Any progress that has been made on those 
pumped storage opportunities? 
Management: 
After going through all the studies and analysis and the interaction, right now, 
we are aiming at 7 GW, out of which Tamil Nadu contributes 3 GW, and the 
MOU is at the last stage. Maharashtra, 800 MW, MOU has been signed 
yesterday. Chhattisgarh, around 1,200 MW; Gujarat, 1,000 MW; Meghalaya, 
1,000 MW are the probable customers for us. It's around 7 gigawatts we are 
aiming at now. Out of which, Maharashtra has materialized. Rest are in different 
stages. Tamil Nadu we will get it very soon. Meghalaya, Chhattisgarh and 
Gujarat, we're following it up. Just one update on Maharashtra. Maharashtra is 
actually 2 GW. That's what we signed yesterday. 
Nikhil: 
So overall, 8 GW, which are under active stages? 
Management: 
Yes.  
Nikhil: 
Understood and in terms of timeline, what should we expect to see?  
Management: 
Generally, the time taken is two years for DPR and construction period is 
between five to six years. Totalling, around seven, eight. 
Nikhil: 
Got it. Understood. My second question is on the renewable front. So, I had a 
couple of clarifications there. Just firstly, on FY26, just wanted to clarify what 
number are we then targeting? Is it about 15 GW of renewable by FY26, which 
we had communicated in the last call? Or if that number revised downwards now 
in terms of total operating capacity by FY26 end? 
Management: 
No, no. We are still in that ballpark. 
Nikhil: 
Got it and second question on renewable there is on transmission front. Is 
transmission a reason for delay or which could potentially delay our aspirations 
on the renewable front? 
Management: 
Difficult to say upfront, but yes, the transmission is a challenge for actually all 
the developers, and the government and the transmission basically are focusing 
on that. Most of the power projects have connectivity in place, but yes, in a few 
of them probably, there might be minor delay in connectivity, but we don't 
anticipate that to materially impact us. 

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Nikhil: 
Got it. That's helpful. Maybe one last question from my side. On the module 
price question, which came up earlier as well, given the crash in module prices, 
as you said, should benefit us, the 7.8 GW, which is under construction on 
renewables, for them, am I correct to understand it's typically on a turnkey basis, 
where the module price is already locked? 
Management: 
No. In fact, most of that is in the 2-package mode where we are procuring 
modules directly. 
Nikhil: 
Understood and would the orders have been placed already on the module front 
as well?  
Management: 
No, not for all. We have placed order for about 2.5 GW. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Swati Jhunjhunwala from BOB Capital. 
Swati: 
First question is on the coal mining. So, for 9 months, we have done 20 MMT 
against our target of 34 million tons for the entire year. So, is that target still 
intact or are we revising it? 
Management: 
25.36 million is 9 months, and right now, we are at 27 million. 
Swati: 
Got it. So, the 34 million ton is intact? This will be achieved by the end of the 
year. 
Management: 
Absolutely. Yes. 
Swati: 
Okay. Got it. And second question is on the renewable front. So, we're planning 
to commission around about 15 gigawatt by FY26. But the pumped storage 
capacities that are coming up for 8 gigawatt, as you said, will take another 6 to 7 
years. So, the kind of PPA that you are signing, is it on an RTC basis or is it on 
a project-to-project basis? 
Management: 
No, the PPAs which we have signed also include RTC power, but for those RTC 
PPAs, we are not looking at our own pumped storage as of now. In fact, as we 
had mentioned last time also, we've already tied up for a 500-megawatt pumped 
storage, and we have another 1,500 MW storage bid in the market. So, we'll be 
using that capacity for meeting our PPA requirements. 

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Swati: 
All right. Understood and last question on the 16.8 GW thermal capacity. So, of 
this, is the entire 16.8 under RTM or is only the 9.6 that is the stand-alone part is 
under the regulators? 
Management: 
No. The entire capacity would be predominantly on a cost-plus basis. 
Swati: 
On a cost-plus basis. All right. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv from HDFC AMC. 
Dhruv: 
Sir, 10 gigawatt of thermal capacities are already under construction, and 16.8 
gigawatt we have to tender in the next 2, 3 years. That's over and above about 10 
gigawatt. Sir, any status on this 16.8 in terms of the PPAs, the states which are 
coming up to sign PPAs? Is there a willingness or just some status there? 
Management: 
We have PPAs for some of them, like Darlipalli, Singrauli, and we'll be signing 
PPAs for others like Sipat and Telangana 2 and other projects. 
Dhruv: 
But the states are coming forward to sign PPAs, is it or I mean, where are we 
right now in terms of their willingness to sign PPAs? 
Management: 
Yes, yes, they are willing to sign PPAs. 
Dhruv: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, the other thing, a small point was what was the PAF under 
recovery, the fixed charge under recovery in the last year same quarter, 3Q 
FY23? 
Management: 
Okay. Last year, Q3 was INR168 crores. 
Dhruv: 
Fixed charge under recovery? 
Management: 
Last year was improvement, not under recovery. It was an improvement. 
Dhruv: 
INR168 crores. Got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshat Vyas from Reliance Nippon Life 
Insurance. 
Akshat Vyas: 
Sir, just wanted to know your capex for the next year would be how much?  

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Management: 
The standalone capex for next year would be close to INR22,700 crores and for 
FY26, it could be close to INR26,300 crores. 
Akshat Vyas: 
And sir, how the fund raising would be done? 
Management: 
Debt, equity, 70-30. 
Akshat Vyas: 
Debt, equity, 70-30. Okay, Sir. 
Management: 
That's the normative as far as the cost-plus projects are concerned, but renewable, 
it could be slightly different. We can go for higher leveraging, if possible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Falguni Dutta from Man Sarovar Financial. 
Falguni Dutta: 
I just have one question. So, what's your view on the overall demand supply in 
power for the next 2 years, let's say, if we even include the renewable capacity 
therein? 
Management: 
When you talk about demand supply, I presume you're talking at the country 
level? 
Falguni Dutta: 
For country, yes. 
Management: 
Okay. Now I'll give you two projections. So, one is by the end of 2026-27, the 
overall electricity demand in terms of peak demand, it would be 277 GW and on 
an energy basis, it would be 1,908 billion units. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Okay sir. 
Management: 
And if you take a projection up to 2031-32, the peak demand is estimated at 366 
gigawatts, and the energy demand would be 2,474 billion units. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Sir, again, for FY '27 I just wanted to know, how are we placed for the country, 
will the demand overshoot the supply, I just wanted to take a view in terms of 
merchant power rates and thereabout? 
Management: 
I can only share that right now, 27 GW of coal capacity is already under 
construction and another 31 GW, close to that, is under advanced stage of 
planning, and another 18 GW is required to be planned. So that would essentially 

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
mean that the coal capacity would be closer to 283 GW by the end of 2032. These 
are broad numbers available at the planning stage. 
Falguni Dutta: 
No, sir, just with your last statement, were all for coal you mentioned, right? 
Management: 
That's right. All for coal, on all India basis and the estimated closing capacity at 
the end 2032 should be closer to 283 GW. This would factor some amount of 
retirement, possible retirement depending on the health of the plants. So, we have 
factored around 2 GW of retirement as well in this. 
                                    On the renewable side or we can say on non-fossil fuel side, solar target addition 
would be 246 GW, wind around 46 GW and from other non-fossil fuel sources 
of 52 GW. So, the total addition targeted for the country as a whole is 343 GW. 
So, this should take the overall RE capacity considering the existing capacity to 
530 GW by the end of 2032. 
                                    On aggregate basis, the total target capacity at the end of FY32 would be 838 
GW. Total of 412 GW would be the target addition, considering the conventional 
as well as RE side. 
Falguni Dutta: 
So, 412 GW is the target addition till 2032? 
Management: 
That's right. 
Falguni Dutta: 
Okay. Sir, you don't think that with more solar coming in, I mean, what we hear 
is various companies putting up solar capacity. So, is there a case that the thermal 
capacity demand comes off a little bit, it gets offset with solar and therefore, we 
see some lesser demand for thermal, I mean, do you see such a situation? 
Management: 
Madam, one of your questions was we'll be able to supply the demand. See, as 
of now, the current additions in the renewable sector and the thermal, there is no 
issue of meeting the demand during solar hours. Probably during non-solar hours, 
the short time, there could be some crunch. But even that, provided all the 
thermal units on bar, that's not an issue. If thermal units are under maintenance 
more than the required, then there's an issue. That is what is the demands of the 
situation. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Aditya Welekar from Axis Securities. 

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Aditya Welekar: 
Sir, any colour on the green hydrogen? There was an announcement yesterday 
that government of Maharashtra will be putting some INR80,000 crores 
investment in NTPC Green Energy. So, how should we see this green hydrogen 
space shaping up in future? 
Management: 
Yes, I think there's one correction upfront. Maharashtra government does not 
intend to invest anything in NTPC. The MOU which has been signed says that 
we will be investing up to INR80,000 crores in Maharashtra for setting up green 
hydrogen projects backed by renewable and pumped storage and so on. 
                                    So that is the broad objective in the MoU and the broad timeline is to do it within 
the next 5 years. Maharashtra recently came out with a new hydrogen policy, and 
this is broadly an outcome of that NTPC Green has committed to take up.  
                                    On a more generic note, green hydrogen is still evolving, and all the IPPs, 
including NTPC, are looking at off-take agreements. Meanwhile, the government 
is also looking at putting up mandates for the domestic companies. 
                                    So, once all these things happen, demand will be created because there are a lot 
of people who are willing to set up hydrogen projects, ammonia projects, but 
ultimately without off-take, this may not be easy to get off the ground.  
Moderator: 
As that was the last question, I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh 
Dole from IIFL Securities Limited for closing comments. 
Harsh Dole: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities, I'd like to thank all the participants. 
And I'd also like to thank NTPC management for giving us an opportunity to host 
this call. Really appreciate, Sir. Before we conclude the call, would you like to 
extend any last message? 
Management: 
I would on behalf of the management of NTPC to thank all the participants for 
their very well-informed questions and if there are any remaining queries, which 
are yet to be answered, we will be supplementing it through a direct reply to that. 
So, thank you once again. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*********************************** 
