            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office : Plot No-18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel. : +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail : devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website : www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
[[  
             __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-I, New Delhi-110020 (India) Tel. : +91 11 41706720-725 
 
 
February 9, 2024 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on February 2, 2024, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter 
and Nine Month ended December 31, 2023, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2659, 
pseudonym=RMiYpdHy7f8dLXcxKPxs2gKTewd
o4tgl, 
2.5.4.20=039b8b79599311a1663813cc5616228
df6997ba3966868e27bd5278bd188095c, 
postalCode=121001, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=662a532e90644d78d21acc7a66f
8fa746a569f819b8498cde6d1a476746030b2, 
cn=Pankaj Virmani 
Date: 2024.02.09 17:18:35 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Devyani International Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria – Non-executive Chairman of the Company,  
Mr. Varun Jaipuria – Non-executive Director, Mr. Raj Gandhi – Non-executive 
Director, Mr. Virag Joshi – CEO and Whole-time Director, Mr. Manish Dawar – CFO 
and Whole-time Director and Mr. Rahul Shinde – CEO Yum! Brands and Whole-time 
Director of the Company.  
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Chairman followed by key 
financial highlights from the CFO. Following this we'll have the forum open for a 
question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I will now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to you all to our Earnings Conference 
Call to discuss the business performance of DIL for Q3 & 9M FY24.  
At the outset, I feel very excited to share with you all that we have successfully 
completed the acquisition of Restaurants Development Co. Ltd. (RD), one of the 
franchise partners of KFC in Thailand. This has led to the addition of 283 KFC stores 
as of December 31st and 274 stores as of September 30th to our overall store 
portfolio. 
We have also maintained the store expansion pace for DIL. We opened 94 net new 
stores in Quarter 3 across our brand portfolio. With this, we have added 209 net new 
stores in the nine-month period, taking the total store count to 1,452 as of December 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
31st. With the Thailand KFC acquisition our total store count now stands at 1,735. 
Please note that the Thailand deal was completed in January 2024.  
We are making steady progress investing in our Core Brands and expanding our 
reach to cover our target consumers to capitalize on the growth potential in India. 
We are now present in more than 250 cities in India.  
The consolidated revenue for DIL stood at Rs. 843 crore for the quarter with a growth 
of 6.6% on a year-to-year basis. Over the same period, our largest business, i.e., 
DIL India witnessed a growth of 9.2%. From April to December, i.e., cumulative nine 
months of the year, the consolidated revenue was Rs. 2,509 crore with a growth of 
11.9% over the same period of the previous year.  
Consumer sentiment remains subdued, despite Quarter 3 traditionally being a strong 
and festive quarter. We have also seen the impact of certain international geopolitical 
events on the American brands that we deal with. The Nigerian currency continues 
to weaken post a significant devaluation a couple of quarters back again, impacting 
the current results of DIL. 
Overall, we believe that the weak consumer sentiment and depressed consumer 
spending is temporary and short lived, and we are optimistic about witnessing a 
recovery over the next few quarters. Amid these challenges our operating and 
financial performances has remained stable and we continue to invest in the 
business for long term growth. To successfully navigate the dynamic and evolving 
QSR landscape, we have implemented multiple initiatives this year including 
optimizing menu pricing, reducing wastage, enhancing cost controls, and improving 
operational efficiency.  
To sum up, our store addition strategy stands as a testament to our belief in the long-
term potential of our Indian QSR industry. As we actively grow our presence, we are 
strategically positioned to tap into this vast opportunity, ensuring sustainable growth 
and value creation for our stakeholders.  
We are on track to inaugurate 250 to 275 new outlets in the current fiscal year. This 
ambitious expansion coupled with our commitment to customer satisfaction and 
innovation, positions us for success in the ever-changing QSR sector.  
We had previously set ourselves an ambitious goal of reaching 2,000 stores by 2026. 
You’ll be happy to note that, following the completion of the Thailand acquisition, we 
are confident of achieving this major milestone by the end of the calendar year 2024.  
With this, I would like to conclude my address and I now hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you very much.  
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome and thank 
you for your valuable time for attending DIL's Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call, 
our 10th call since the listing in August 2021.  
In Quarter 3 FY24 we opened 94 net new stores across our brand portfolio. We now 
have a footprint of 1,371 stores across our four brands with a total store count of 
1,452 stores across DIL. This consists of 647 stores for KFC, 570 stores for Pizza 
Hut and 154 stores for Costa Coffee in our portfolio as at the end of Quarter 3 FY24. 
Our store distribution India continues to remain marginally in favor of non-metro 
destinations at 52% of the total core store count. We have added seven new cities 
in Quarter 3. 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
As Mr. Jaipuria alluded earlier having completed the Thailand acquisition, our total 
store count now stands at 1,735 stores as at December end. As a result of this 
acquisition, the total store count for KFC stands at 930 stores out of the total store 
portfolio that we have. Having announced the transaction in December 2023, we 
completed the Thailand acquisition as of 17th January 2024 and we will start 
consolidating the Thailand numbers from Quarter 4 of FY23-24. Therefore, next 
quarter you will see Thailand getting consolidated for approximately 2.5 months. We 
see Thailand as a great opportunity market for DIL. Apart from KFC we do see the 
potential to introduce new brands from our existing portfolio over a period of time. 
The existing Thailand business and the team provides us with a strong foundation 
from that perspective.  
Coming back to the operating revenues for Quarter 3 FY24 stood at Rs. 843 crore 
representing a 6.6% year-on-year increase. This was supported by new store 
openings. The Indian business witnessed a growth of 9.2% over the same period of 
the previous financial year. The October-December quarter saw subdued sentiment 
within the FMCG/mass discretionary consumer sector, marked by a visible pullback 
in consumer spending. This period traditionally buoyed by festival spending saw 
some contraction in consumer enthusiasm, reflecting broader economic concerns 
and a cautious approach to mass discretionary spending. The impact of this 
cautiousness extended beyond traditional retail and included the QSR sector as well. 
We have also seen a strong correlation of some of the international geopolitical 
events on our business because of some large American brands that we partner 
with.  
Post a strong currency devaluation in Quarter 1, the Nigerian Naira has seen further 
deterioration and further weakening. As you all know Nigeria is highly food 
dependent economy and the currency impact has resulted in a contraction in the 
local spending power and consumption. As a result of this we have seen an all-round 
impact on our Nigerian business performance as far as the revenue and the margins 
are concerned. The currency impact because of the restatement of dollar 
denominated liabilities has been captured as part of pre Ind-AS EBITDA and the 
same has affected DIL’s consolidated results as well. As we stated earlier, we have 
to support Nigeria business financially given the local situation for the next couple of 
years until the local situation stabilizes.  
The gross margin for the consolidated business was flat on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis and improved by almost 130 basis points over the year-on-year quarter. 
However, the deleverage in top line as a result of lower radius numbers across KFC 
and Pizza Hut has led to the impact on brand contribution margins. The brand 
contribution in Quarter 3 stood at 15.4% flat versus the previous quarter. Reported 
EBITDA which is post Ind-AS for Quarter 3 for the current financial year was Rs.146 
crore with the margins at 17.4% versus Rs. 159 crore in the previous quarter. 
Consolidated operating EBITDA on a pre Ind-As basis was Rs. 79 crore versus Rs. 
95 crore in the previous quarter. Operating EBITDA margin at 9.3% for the quarter 
was lower by 2.2% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. This is mainly on account of the 
booking of FOREX loss as a result of the further weakening of Nigerian currency and 
the ADS deleverage impact.  
Taking the discussion to our core brands: 
KFC in India added 50 new stores in quarter FY24 reaching a total store count of 
590 stores as at the end of the quarter. Average daily sales for Quarter 3 FY24 was 
Rs. 104,000 versus Rs. 109,000 in the previous quarter. Revenues at Rs. 524 crore 
grew 14.1% or on a year-on-year basis. Gross margins for KFC at 69.4% improved 
by 40 basis points over the previous quarter. Brand contribution margins at 19% for 
the current quarter was lower by 0.4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, mainly due to 

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
deleverage arising out of the lower ADS. On premise consumption was 60% versus 
61% in the previous quarter.  
During the quarter Pizza Hut added 30 new stores. Revenue at Rs. 180 crore was 
lower by 2.2% on a year-on-year basis. ADS was Rs. 37,000 versus 39,000 in the 
previous quarter. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 75.8% flat versus the 
previous quarter. Brand contribution was Rs. 11 crore for the quarter with margins at 
6.1% which was lower by 1.6% on a quarter-on-quarter basis mainly due to ADS 
deleverage impact.  
Costa Coffee added eight new stores during the quarter reaching a cumulative store 
count of 154 stores as at 31st December 2023. Quarter 3 FY24 revenue was at  
Rs. 40 crore with a growth of 14.6% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 36.4% on a 
year-on-year basis, driven by expansion of new stores. The gross margin was 
77.2%, an improvement of 0.9% versus the previous quarter. Quarter 3 FY24 brand 
contribution stood at 14.9%. As you all know, the new stores take some time to 
stabilize and reach their maturity level. Hence the rapid expansion of Costa stores 
has impacted the overall brand performance. We expect this to stabilize as we go 
along.  
To conclude, we want to reiterate our commitment to our ambitious growth within the 
Indian QSR market. We have set a target of reaching 2000 stores by 2026, a 
milestone that signifies the tremendous potential and demand for our brands. With 
Thai acquisition, we will be able to meet this target by end of calendar year 2024. 
The Thailand acquisition will result in external debt in the books of DIL. On a 
consolidated level the Thailand debt will also get consolidated once we start to 
consolidate the balance sheet as we consolidate the numbers from next quarter. The 
gearing ratio remains in a comfortable zone despite Thailand acquisition and 
consolidation. As we continue to expand, we remain committed to improving our 
financial performance reflecting our emphasis on prudent financial management and 
creating long-term value for our shareholders. 
On that note I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any questions 
or suggestions that you may have. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
First question is on Pizza Hut; given where the brand is in its journey YOY or a 
quarter-on-quarter decline in ADS to a level that it has come to and the fact that you 
have added stores at an overall level unlike KFC where you have added stores and 
revenues are increasing despite decline in ADS. In the case of Pizza Hut that has 
not happened. What are your medium-term aspirations or ambitions over here with 
this brand?  
Manish Dawar: 
So, Pizza Hut while we've added 30 stores in the quarter, but you would have seen 
that overall, our additions are much lower compared to what we have guided and 
what we've added in the past. So, we are cautious about what is happening on Pizza 
Hut. We also recognize that there's strong competition which is emerging. However, 
we've taken steps in terms of the visibility for Pizza Hut as a brand. We've taken 
steps in terms of the in-store experience as far as the consumers are concerned. 
And therefore, we are confident that Pizza Hut top line and the ADS numbers will 
come back once the overall macro sentiment improves and we will start to kind of 
trend in line with the overall category growth.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Manish, there is also concern for your competition that the aggregators have actually 
in a way democratized and the pizza offerings have gone up quite a bit. In such a 

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
setup I would have thought that you would have better chance because of whatever 
product fatigue or brand fatigue, or you are a challenger brand. So, you could have 
also participated in that. Where are you on this issue versus the competition and the 
fact that the market is probably getting a bit fragmented? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, if you see Vivek typically for example post the COVID time, the local competition 
virtually got eliminated because of the various constraints that the overall business 
was under, whereas now we are seeing that is coming back and therefore the food 
aggregators have a good opportunity from that point of view. Overall, from our 
strategy point of view as we said earlier that for example during the hyperinflation 
time, we introduced Fun Flavor pizza and we saw down trading happening within our 
portfolio. We've compensated that through the premium end side. We've also 
compensated by reducing the number of offerings that we've had on the fun flavor 
side. And that's how that gives us the comfort that we will be able to come back on 
Pizza Hut.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And on the KFC side Manish, likewise the ADS at let's say at 104k which is I think 
lowest at least in the last 12-13 quarters. Do you think that 3rd Quarter captures the 
worst and ADS should not go down any further or you still think that things are tough? 
Manish Dawar:  
The overall macro environment continues to be challenging. One obviously is from 
the consumer spending part and then on top of that as we've discussed in our 
comments, we've seen some bit of impact on the American brands as well because 
of the overall global geopolitical situation. And we've analyzed our numbers, we've 
seen a very strong correlation between what is happening outside to what is 
happening with the brand. So, therefore, we are more in the process of consolidating 
and making sure that we grow from here. But we will need to see when the macro 
environment improves, and it'll take a couple of quarters by the time it stabilizes.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And last one Manish and Mr. Jaipuria, big picture on Thailand how you are thinking 
about, what is the aspiration over here? What will be the medium thought process in 
terms of growth and profitability, anything that you can talk about now that the 
acquisition is done? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Vivek from our perspective Thailand gives us a good opportunity. One obviously 
it is an Asian economy. It is still not a developed economy as the western world or 
Singapore or for example some of the Middle-east countries. So, there is a great 
scope for growth in Thailand. Second if you look at from the economy perspective, 
the way the exchange rates and the interest rate environment is, it is a lot more 
benign versus what we've seen in India. At the same time if we look at the local 
consumption from a perspective of outside home food consumption, the incidence in 
Thailand is sitting at almost about 8 to 9 times in a week. And this I'm talking about 
Thailand as an overall country versus let's say if you were to compare that to India, 
given our target population which is roughly about 12%-15% of the Indian population 
and that incidence sits at once in 35 to 40 days. So, from that point of view, 
economically it's in a good zone, the growth potential is still available. Poultry is a 
dominant consumption medium as far as the meat consumption is concerned and 
that is true with some of the Asian markets. KFC is a market leader in that country 
with close to almost +1000 stores. McDonald’s, which is a distant #2 at about 25%-
30% of the store count. So, we saw Thailand as a great opportunity. We also see 
that within that there is an opportunity to introduce our own brands in Thai portfolio. 
And that's the reason we are bullish, and we did the deal. On an overall basis it was 
a great valuation, I mean you've seen the multiples that we've acquired this business 
at. That is where our confidence stems from as far as the Thailand deal was 
concerned.  

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
And just one small follow-up; in terms of margins, I think that business is about 15% 
give or take whereas India margins are about 20% at brand contribution level. So, 
what is the thought process on the margin bit? 
Manish Dawar:  
Over a period of time, Vivek we are very confident we'll be able to get to the India 
levels. And please remember that Thailand as an economy is highly tourism 
dependent. If you look at the data the COVID impact is still there. They have still not 
fully recovered from tourism perspective as well. So, as the overall tourism recovers, 
the brand numbers start to improve. The positive leverage would also come in for 
the brand. Therefore, in our view the margin levels should improve from where the 
numbers are.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Just a feedback from some investors who have this worry that the Thailand foray 
doesn't in any way represent your concern or whatever the slowing QSR and 
Devyani's position in India. So, that's just one thing that some investors have 
expressed concerns about. I don't know if you can address it here or not but yes 
that's about it.  
Manish Dawar: 
So, we are not slowing down on India and obviously India is an independent strategy. 
It's not that the Thailand acquisition will impact whatever plans or the growth 
aspirations we have for the Indian business. So, that will continue. But at the same 
time, given the current environment, it's a good hedging bet as well.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Wanted to check, as in this calendar year also we are targeting aggressive store 
expansion. So, are formats like Pizza Hut, Costa Coffee sort of generating enough 
free cash flow to sort of support this expansion that we are planning to? 
Manish Dawar: 
Devanshu, they are. KFC has not changed compared to our model, whereas Pizza 
Hut has been impacted. As far as the Indian overall potential is concerned, then we 
have to continuously invest because this business is a store-by-store business. We 
have to build brick by brick store by store. So, it is not that once the India potential 
emerges we'll be able to say that we can add now 3000 stores in a year together. 
We have to be at it at the same time as we alluded in the past that we follow a 
dynamic store addition strategy. So, we've tapered down Pizza Hut a little bit and 
increased KFC a little bit. If the current situation continues, we will adjust some bit of 
numbers here and there but overall, our investment is more from a long-term point 
of view. We still believe that as far as Indian market is concerned the long-term 
potential is huge and QSR is underpenetrated and therefore we need to invest. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And from margin perspective; while there was a SSD decline for both formats, KFC 
Pizza Hut. But in KFC we have been sort of able to deliver a relatively better margin 
performance compared to Pizza Hut. So, wanted to check is there any kind of 
difference in operating models for the two brands where costs are more variable for 
KFC vis-à-vis Pizza Hut?  
Manish Dawar: 
The leverage impact or the deleverage impact whatever you may call it is much 
stronger on Pizza Hut because if you look at the KFC ADS numbers, they are much 
stronger. Whereas Pizza Hut are lower numbers and therefore, a small change as 
far as the top line is concerned impacts the margin more dramatically. So, once we 
are able to cross those threshold levels, even Pizza Hut also will get into that zone. 
But to that extent KFC is insulated. KFC is a better business obviously and that is 
one of the considerations that we factored when we acquired and got the Thailand 
opportunity, as it was a good KFC opportunity.  

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Manish, can you also talk about the funding of capital required for Thailand as in 
where is the capital going to be raised and what is the interest rate associated with 
that?  
Manish Dawar: 
The total value of the business was about Rs. 1,060 crore. Out of this DIL is investing 
Rs. 340 crore roughly and this is what we borrowed locally from the banks in India. 
Temasek represented by CAMAS is investing another about Rs. 325-330 crore. And 
therefore, they are participating with us at Dubai level. And then there was a local 
debt which was sitting in Thailand, which is replaced by a lower cost debt now as 
part of the deal.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
My question was whether if you can quantify the geopolitical impact you were talking 
about on KFC and on Pizza Hut? 
Manish Dawar: 
In the middle of the macro environment that we have in terms of what is happening 
on the inflation side and on the consumer spending patterns, though it is difficult to 
quantify but we can draw correlations between these two. We can talk about this 
more in detail in one-on-one sessions. But there is a strong correlation.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
The second question is on Pizza Hut, just wanted to know is there a minimum target 
committed to Yum? Is that why the expansion can't be completely paused? I'm not 
suggesting completely pause it but just theoretically can it be completely paused?  
Manish Dawar: 
Theoretically you can completely pause it and obviously when we work with Yum, 
there are targets defined. And we are working on these targets, we can see that for 
the last 25-26 years and we have never ever defaulted on these targets. It's the fact 
that we believe in business and we believe in the brand and that is the reason we 
are expanding.  
Saurabh Kundan: 
Where in the reported P&L is the Nigerian currency impact recorded? It's about 2% 
of sales, is it?  
Manish Dawar: 
Yes. It's a good point that you've raised. So, if you look at a few quarters back, when 
the devaluation had set in, we had reported this as discussed with the auditors at 
start of the quarter. Whereas now because it is business as usual although not official 
devaluation, but the currency is still weakening, we have merged this with our overall 
operational numbers. So, when you look at our presentation of the numbers it sits as 
part of the overall G&A, which is the brand and corporate G&A which is the difference 
between the brand contribution and the pre Ind-AS EBITDA. The reason the 
expenses are at an elevated level is because it has an element of number coming 
out of Nigerian currency.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL.  
Percy Panthaki: 
One quick accounting related question. If I basically derive your corporate or 
common costs by deducting the restaurant EBITDA margin from the total company's 
EBITDA margin, that number around Rs. 50 crore is much higher than your usual 
run rate of around Rs. 30 crore. So, can you explain that?  
Manish Dawar: 
Percy as I said, this number accounts for the Nigerian currency devaluation impact. 
This is an exceptional item which earlier used to be below the EBITDA.  
Percy Panthaki: 
How many more quarters we will see this unallocated or corporate costs at this 
inflated level? 

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Manish Dawar: 
I will not be able to predict as to how the currency behaves going forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Assuming that the currency is remaining where it is today, then will you see, is this a 
permanent rebasing upwards or it will anniversarize and the cost will come down at 
some point of time?  
Manish Dawar: 
Let me just give you some numbers so that you're able to understand it better. So, 
pre the devaluation, the Nigerian Naira to a dollar was roughly around 450-460, 
somewhere in that range. Post the devaluation it got pegged at about 660-670 
whereas currently it is sitting at almost close to +900. So, it's a very significant 
devaluation which has happened. But just to give you a broad guidance in terms of 
what is the normalized number as far as the G&A is concerned, you can take roughly 
at about 5% on the current top line basis.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And this would include whatever currency impact is there? 
Manish Dawar: 
No, this is without the currency impact.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Now my question was that supposing if this remains around 900, do you see this 
extra Rs. 20-odd crore continuing into perpetuity or does this anniversarize and come 
down? I just wanted to understand the accounting of this.  
Manish Dawar: 
So, if it remains at a 900 level, you will not see a further impact. And therefore, as 
far as the currency is concerned it will revert to the original level and same as the 
balance sheet because we've taken the impact of 900 at all line levels and already 
factored that in.  
Percy Panthaki: 
So, this will come down by which quarter, immediately in Q4 or it will take a couple 
of quarters for it to come down? 
Manish Dawar: 
You're talking about the currency?  
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes, this extra Rs. 20 crore in the corporate cost is what I'm talking about.  
Manish Dawar: 
Let me just elaborate it better. So, next quarter if the currency remains at 900 then 
you will not see further impact in the books.  
Percy Panthaki: 
So, then it will come back to the original Rs. 30-35 crore kind of a number.  
Manish Dawar: 
Exactly. If the currency comes down to say 700 level, you will see the benefit coming 
in. If the currency goes to the 1000 level you will see the hit coming in.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly, I just wanted to ask on Thailand. It's a good acquisition in terms of the 
valuation and the good part is that it's a decent margin business already. You don't 
have to do any major surgery on it, but just wanted to understand from growth point 
of view. KFC is a very strong brand, already having very high market shares in the 
QSR space. From here on increasing market share even if it does is not going to be 
a major delta. Secondly, as you mentioned, the eating out frequency is also decently 
high. I don't know how much upside there is on that also and there are many stores 
also. In terms of increasing the number of stores, I don't know if that is a big lever. 
Would I be right in assuming that Thailand will not be a very high growth geography 
for you? I just wanted to understand on Thailand one is that the brand already has a 
pretty high market share. Secondly the number of KFC restaurants are also sort of 
decently high. And thirdly the number of eating out occasions are also much higher 
than what they are in India. Considering all this would I be right in assuming that this 
franchise will not be a fast-growing franchise for you? 

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Manish Dawar: 
Let me explain you the dynamics of Thailand Percy. As part of the overall diligence 
and acquisition we had got an independent market study done in terms of what is 
the potential for KFC in Thailand. And that study indicated that we can actually 
double the store count. I'm talking about KFC as a brand and not RD as a company. 
So, if there are total about 1000 KFC outlets in Thailand, over the next 7 to 8 years 
we can actually double that count. This is what the market study indicates. Therefore, 
that is one potential. Second if you look at when we talk about outside home 
consumption which I said is almost sitting at 10 times, this is not the consumer that 
is coming to QSR readily. So, for example when we talk about outside home food 
consumption, this would include the street food, this would include the fine dining, 
this would also include if you were to pick up a sandwich from a 7/11 or Marks and 
Spencer for that matter. Over a period of time as the income levels grow the 
consumers will keep on graduating and will keep on up-trending to the premium 
brands and to the KFC because it already is a very strong brand there. At the same 
time if you see the dominant contributor to the street food also in Thailand is fried 
chicken. As the consumers upgrade, they would come to KFC and therefore, all of 
that kind of gives us the confidence that from a growth perspective the opportunity is 
still there.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
My question is on Thailand acquisition and broader framework. So, with this 
acquisition the international contribution to EBITDA will be over 25% or so. I know 
India business EBITDA is depressed at this point of time. But do you have a sort of 
framework in mind or would you keep consider or evaluate more opportunities in the 
Yum! ecosystem outside of India? Is there a threshold that international may not 
cross 30%-35% in the medium term in terms of future investments?  
Manish Dawar: 
Jay, as a strategy as we said earlier, we are not diluting as far as the India strategy 
is concerned and there's no change as far as the India growth aspirations is 
concerned. You would have noticed that there are multiple questions that even in a 
subdued macro environment we have continued to invest, this is  because we believe 
in the long-term potential of this country. Having said that, Thailand came up, it was 
a great deal and we managed to structure it well. It was addition to where India sits. 
It has an opportunity from other brands perspective also. So, therefore, we've not 
laid a framework and our focus continues to be India. As of now we are not evaluating 
anything else.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Secondly, there is a lot of noise in numbers, geopolitical sort of headwinds as well 
as weakness. But when you look at your January numbers SSSG or December, 
where the base was weak. By any chance can you give us some color if you were to 
adjust it for geopolitical headwinds that you probably may have? Is there a sort of 
further deterioration in SSSG trends even on a weak base or is it similar to what it 
was in August-September or is there any optically improvement in SSSG?  
Manish Dawar: 
Jay, it is kind of too early to talk about the January numbers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
My first question was that if I look at KFC last quarter, we had the impact of Adhik 
Maas where we still delivered a decent performance. And maybe the expectation 
was that despite the base being favorable and the fact you don't have the impact, 
the performance would have improved. So, is it just in your experience the worsening 
of the macro situation or any other specific factors which has led to say the worsening 
of the SSSG performance for KFC specifically?  

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Manish Dawar: 
I think it's a combination of macro elements Nihal. In terms of the spending power, 
in terms of what is happening on the lending side if you look at the overall consumer 
debt, it is sitting at almost all time high. There are multiple macro events which are 
kind of there and then as we talked about this whole geopolitical event which is there. 
It's a combination of various macro situations which is impacting the overall 
performance.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Related question on Pizza Hut, now with fun-flavor being in the base, you did 
highlight that some of the initiatives that we are taking in terms of maybe increasing 
the visibility of the brand. What else in your understanding at least if you look at 
competitor data and the performance are the missing points which you can improve 
which can get Pizza Hut back to the trajectory, we were seeing a few quarters back? 
Manish Dawar: 
In terms of missing points Nihal, as such there are no missing points. But as you 
mean the local competition also is getting very significant and with Zomato and 
Swiggy obviously kind of extending their reach and helping the local competition, to 
some extent that is also impacting the overall brand. Then of course the macro 
elements that we've talked about KFC they get applied to Pizza Hut also. It is not 
that the pizza category is isolated category. If at all I would say the traction is more 
on non-pizza category than the pizza category.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Just one final question if I may that when we look at the dynamics you mentioned 
about why you went ahead and acquired the KFC operations in Thailand. This kind 
of a framework maybe even applies to some of the other southeast Asian countries 
and now the African because we don't have say a currency issue here also. So, if 
you apply the very framework are you then wanting to explore some of the other 
opportunities available or would it be that once the Thailand acquisition in a way 
fructify or we see the results will we go ahead and look at the next leg of international 
acquisitions for us?  
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, every country, every business and every brand is different and how they are 
positioned in the local market is also different. Overall, we will not be able to compare 
what some of the other acquisitions or some of the other players have resulted and 
what their experience is. We are bullish for the reasons that I've explained on the call 
earlier. Let's see how it pans out. As I said earlier as of now, we are not evaluating 
anything and our focus obviously is India and the focus is to kind of understand and 
learn the Thailand business, integrate it with the Indian business and make sure that 
we are able to leverage on the opportunities which are there in Thai market, both 
from margin as well as the top line and the new brands that I talked about. There is 
an agenda for Thailand as well, we are focused right now on that only.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark.  
Tejash Shah: 
Manish, you spoke about consumer sentiment being one of the reasons for the 
challenging ADS for KFC and Pizza Hut. But surprisingly and positively we are not 
seeing the same trend playing out in Costa. So, would you say that the competitive 
landscape has a higher weightage for the drag down there versus in something like 
Costa where perhaps it is, I'm just assuming it is relatively better.  
Manish Dawar: 
Coffee penetration versus a pizza penetration or versus a chicken penetration is 
sitting at a very different level. And we are highly underpenetrated as far as Costa is 
concerned. At the same time for example if you look at Costa has a good presence 
at the airports and high footfall locations. From a travel perspective, the airports are 
doing well. So, therefore, to that extent Costa is kind of less impacted versus the 
other categories. 

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Tejash Shah: 
But how would ADS and penetration, is it that after 200-300-500 store benchmark as 
we go along the ADS potential for the incremental store actually drags down the 
average?  
Manish Dawar: 
No, let me explain you, for example if you look at the presence of Costa Coffee at 
the airports for example. If you look at our airport performance versus a High-Street 
performance for Costa is very different. The High-Street performance of Costa would 
mirror what is happening with KFC and Pizza Hut whereas the airport performance 
for Costa is very different. The airport presence for KFC and Pizza Hut is much lower 
compared to what Costa’s presence is.  
Tejash Shah: 
And second, in this quarter have we closed down any store across different formats?  
Manish Dawar: 
We have closed some stores for Pizza Hut. As we've kind of guided in the past that 
our store closure target is always under about 6%-7% of the new stores that we 
open, so we are well within that.  
Tejash Shah: 
And the vintage of the stores that we have shut down, were they opened after the 
COVID or before COVID? 
Manish Dawar: 
It's a combination of both.  
Tejash Shah: 
Lastly despite the subdued consumer sentiment that you called out, our store 
expansion is getting accelerated. It also kind of as you said that it qualifies your belief 
in that turnaround is imminent. Any quantitative data that you look at to get that 
confidence or is it just a cycle that we are hoping that it will turn around at some 
stage?  
Manish Dawar: 
I agree with you that we are bullish on the store expansion, but we have kind of 
tapered it down as far as Pizza Hut is concerned because we are seeing a higher 
impact on Pizza Hut. If you remember around the IPO time, even IPO and post that 
almost for whatever more than a year, we were targeting Pizza Hut to open almost 
+100 stores every year whereas now we are talking about opening 60-70 Pizza Hut 
stores. We have tapered it down and to that extent we have adjusted the opening 
numbers. On an overall basis if you look at Costa, we have upped the numbers which 
kind of compensates for that. On KFC we have upped the numbers a little bit. So, 
from a portfolio perspective what you are saying is right. But within that we are kind 
of adjusting the numbers to whatever is required to be done.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock Broking.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
My question is again back to Thailand. You have already mentioned what kind of 
growth and all you would be envisaging from Thailand. It's an immense growth 
opportunity. My question is related to the funding of that growth whether the Thailand 
business is enough cash flow generating business where there no additional capital 
requirement would be required or whether it would be self-funded from Thailand 
business itself? 
Manish Dawar: 
It will be self-funded from Thailand. Again, as I said we have to kind of get into greater 
details with the business. But the models that we worked out, one as far as the store 
expansion strategy is concerned for Thailand, they will be able to self-fund it. At the 
same time whatever debt also is sitting in the books of Thailand, they will be able to 
repay that also from the cash flows that they are generating. It's just been a couple 
of weeks when we have completed the transaction. We have to do some more work. 
But as of now it appears that we will be able to kind of put Thailand in a self-funding 
zone.  

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And for other geography like Nigeria is facing right now headwind but in future down 
the line for other international business, for Nepal or Nigeria, whether that would 
require future funding from the India's cash flow, or it would be again if there is no 
enough cash flow generation from that business, we will take a pause on their 
expansion? 
Manish Dawar: 
Even Nigeria and Nepal also we've talked about in the past that they are kind of self-
funding in terms of whatever expansion they are doing. Nigeria we've got into this 
situation because of the unforeseen and very significant currency devaluation. That's 
the reason we are talking about some funding. Otherwise, once this situation 
stabilizes even Nigeria also will be self-funding only and that is how it was in the past 
as well.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
On Pizza Hut, if I look at competitors’ data their SSSG decline as well as ADS decline 
is much lower than what we have witnessed. So, despite fun flavor pizza we have 
been kind of losing market share to the market leader. What kind of strategy you are 
trying to play apart from fun flavor pizza to increase footfall or gain market share in 
that Pizza Hut segment?  
Manish Dawar: 
Overall, Dheeraj as you mean despite the fact that pizza is the largest category in 
the Indian QSR space, it is still a growth category. And relative to each other what 
you're saying is right. But there's a strong emergence of local players and they are 
also kind of fueling the entire growth in the category. Our strategy is mainly around 
innovation and value as far as the pizza market is concerned. That is what I have 
alluded to earlier. The brand still remains a strong brand as far as the consumer 
recall is concerned. The customer experience is great from a dining perspective. 
Therefore, that's what gives us the confidence that we should continue to kind of 
expand Pizza Hut.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
One last question from my side. Like KFC in this quarter, we have added 50 stores. 
We have witnessed gross margin expansion on a quarter-on-quarter as well as on 
YOY basis. But the EBITDA margin has contracted a bit. Is this EBITDA margin 
contraction purely because of the store addition what we have done during the 
quarter or is there any other factor as well?  
Manish Dawar: 
It's mainly coming out of deleverage Dhiraj because for example as you know, and 
you've seen the ADS and the SSSG has come down while we've managed to 
maintain the margins. But overall, because of these two reasons deleverage also 
sets in and that is what gets impacted for the fixed expenses and that's how it is.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Majid Ahamed from Smart Sync Investment 
Advisory Services.  
Majid Ahamed: 
My first question is what's your view on Nepal market? I'm seeing there is slow 
growth there in the market and what's your plan there?  
Manish Dawar: 
Nepal Majid as you know is a small country and has a very limited opportunity. We 
operate both KFCs and Pizza Huts in the Nepal market. We have got about 25 stores 
across our brand portfolio and from an opportunity standpoint that market presents 
about 2-3 stores a year. So, it's not a huge opportunity versus India and it gets 
managed largely out of the eastern region from India. So, there are no big overheads 
that we incur. But on its own it's a great market. KFC is a very strong brand so 
therefore it kind of works very well for us.  
Majid Ahamed: 
One more question that I have is what's the view on Vaango? There's not any store 
addition and nothing is happening there. Any thoughts you can give on Vaango?  

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Vaango is a good medium to long term bet and as you know, the Indian food 
brands are difficult to scale up because of highly regionalized and highly 
domesticated flavors. And therefore Vaango, we are building cautiously. So, there is 
a value proposition that we are creating with Vaango, and we are optimizing all of 
that. In the long term we believe that as the overall dynamics for QSR play out there 
is a strong potential for Indian brands also and that is how we are building Vaango.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I think we have been in the business for many years, and we understand the 
consumer psyche, how it is moving and what is. We could do lot of things around 
Pizza Hut but I was a bit surprised on the KFC part of the business with the negative 
SSSG. So, what is it that, though the external factors are important but in terms of 
value layer what we have introduced but this time it has not responded. My therefore 
straight question is that is it that the niche consumer is not attractive finding a solution 
for moving to KFC? I understand Pizza Hut will have a problem but these all factors 
are not working, so, what more needs to be done? 
Manish Dawar: 
Shirish, you come from consumer background, and you know that the consumer 
brands take number of years to kind of get built with a particular proposition. So, to 
your question in terms of what is happening, obviously there is a macro level 
environment which is impacting KFC as well and that is the reason the numbers are 
where they are. But to your other point from a lunch perspective, we've introduced 
the lunch, but it will not happen overnight. We are bullish that there is a space 
available and therefore we will be able to capitalize on that space over a period of 
time. But it'll get built, and we are very confident about it. If you were to look at our 
Wednesday proposition, we've been at our Wednesday proposition for a number of 
years now and that is today how Wednesday has become a very sizable contributor 
to our weekly sales. So, therefore, from a consumer perspective you have to 
introduce, you have to optimize, you have to be at it and that's how we are 
approaching KFC.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from J.P. Morgan.  
Latika Chopra: 
For Pizza Hut, it seems the off-premise sales actually were under pressure in the 
quarter versus on-premise sales. Anything specific that drove this kind of trend?  
Manish Dawar: 
If you look at our overall off-premise has remained at the same level as a percentage 
to the overall brand sales. I think the off-premise has gone up by about one 
percentage point versus let's say the previous quarter. Therefore, there's nothing. 
It's overall directionally the ADS is lower, and it is getting contributed from both 
channels which is off-premise and on-premise.  
Latika Chopra: 
I was comparing it probably to a year ago trend on a YOY basis. So, that's why I was 
just trying to understand why the share kind of moderated by a percentage point.  
Manish Dawar: 
Because as far as Pizza Hut portfolio is concerned, our trends if you were to look at, 
it's part of our presentation also. They have pretty much remained the same between 
off and on-premise.  
Latika Chopra: 
The second thing was could you give us any fixed opening targets that are in mind 
for FY25 and the split across the core formats? I know this number could be dynamic 
depending on the demand situation but at this point how are you thinking about FY25 
store openings?  

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Manish Dawar: 
So, as we've said in the past, Latika we are looking at overall about close to 275 or 
maybe 250 to 300 stores. That's a little larger bracket for 25 also. The broad 
constituent will be about 120 to 130 for KFCs, another 70-80 for Pizza Hut, 50-60 
store for Costa Coffee. So, that's a broad constituent that we are looking at.  
Latika Chopra: 
At this point we are maintaining that rollout plan and then keep reviewing it every 
quarter.  
Manish Dawar: 
Yes. That’s correct. 
Latika Chopra: 
And the last bit if I may, I understand there was an impact due to some of those 
external factors that you alluded to for KFC and Pizza Hut. But in your assessment 
if you adjust for them and you look at the underlying SSSG, what impacted that 
more? Was it a reduction in average ticket size or was it reduction in footfalls 
adjusting for those external factors to the best possible assessment for KFC and 
Pizza Hut? Also, if you could also talk a little bit about the product mix that will be 
useful.  
Manish Dawar: 
So, for the external factors that we've talked about it's largely we are seeing very 
clear correlation with the transactions because the transactions have dipped to that 
extent. There is a trend and a correlation available and that is what has resulted in 
the overall impact as well. So, as far as APC is concerned, obviously it is kind of 
trending better versus the transactions in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing comments.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman and all the investors, analysts who have been on the call. 
I do hope that we have been able to respond to your questions satisfactorily. Should 
you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about our Company 
please feel free to contact our investor relations team. Thank you once again for your 
time today to join us on this call and participate in our growth journey. Thank you 
very much.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
