 
 
 
 
 
Ref: HIL/SE/2023-24/101 
 
February 12, 2024 
 
To 
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 509675 
Scrip Symbol: HIL 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 6, 2024 on Financial Results for Q3 and 
9M FY24 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 29, 2024 and February 6, 2024, please find 
enclosed transcript of earnings call held on Tuesday, February 6, 2024 on the Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023.  
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in    
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
 
                 
For HIL Limited 
 
 
 
Nidhi Bisaria 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.5634 
 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI BISARIA 
Date: 2024.02.12 
21:21:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Mit Shah 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to HIL Limited’s Q3 
& 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call for Investors and Analysts. 
Today, we have with us, Mr. Akshat Seth - Managing Director and CEO of the 
company and Mr. Ajay Kapadia - Chief Financial Officer. We will have Mr. Akshat 
making the open comments and he will be followed by Mr. Ajay, who will take you 
through the financial perspective. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to point out that certain statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature and the details in this regard are 
available in the “Earnings Presentation” shared with you earlier. 
I would like to invite Mr. Akshat to present his views on the performance and the 
strategic imperatives that lie ahead. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth 
Thank you, Mit and a very good morning to everyone on today's call, warm welcome 
to HIL's Quarter 3 and Nine Months FY24 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking the 
time to join us today and I sincerely hope that all of you are doing well. 
Today in this call, we will talk about the performance for the quarter gone by, reflect 
on the year gone by and also share a glimpse of the transformation agenda 
underway to chart out a phase of fast-paced value building growth. 
Before I start, I will like to apologize in advance for my bad throat, the coughing and 
the bad throat is in no way a reflection of the sentiment with which we bring in 
these results. The sentiments are very positive and confident of what lies ahead for 
HIL. 
In Quarter 3, HIL India witnessed the revenue growth of 7% year-on-year and 9.4% 
quarter-on-quarter, and we finished at a revenue of Rs. 509 crore with a PBT of Rs. 
8 crore. In Parador, Q3 saw the first signs of turnaround and hence the quarter-on-
quarter story is more pertinent. Parador revenue in rupee terms grew 6.7% quarter-

 
Page 2 of 20 
on-quarter to Rs. 275 crore. The PBT loss, I am happy to report at Parador stood at 
Rs. 19 crore, which is down about 57% from the quarter 2 results. 
Overall, our Quarter 3 performance reflects an early glimpse of the ongoing 
transformation at HIL across segments and geographies. This transformation is 
anchored around the agenda of growth, value enhancement, building stronger 
consumer brands and a modern aspirational workplace.  
In India and at Parador, we have registered volume growth in most product 
segments. Strong efforts on sourcing, cost management and value enhancement 
initiatives have ensured improvement in profitability across the board, especially at 
the gross margin level. However, there have been headwinds in the shape of pricing 
pressure in India and the continued sluggishness in European market which has 
meant that the impact of these initiatives is not yet fully visible, but the first signs 
are there, and we will talk you through them. 
The most significant milestone of this quarter is the positive operating profits at 
Parador. Sustained effort on sales, branding and new product launch in our core 
and new geographies has meant growth in volume about 10% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. We have gained market share in our core European markets and are 
also winning newer businesses in North America, China and Middle East, including 
with commercial clients. Order intake is outpacing turnover and that augurs well 
for the upcoming quarters. 
The expected improvement in consumer sentiment in the Eurozone will further 
accelerate this turnaround. The revenue uptick is coupled with a positive margin 
story driven by a relentless push to manage costs across manpower, financing costs 
and so on and so forth to drive efficiencies and reduce working capital. Quarter-on-
quarter as I said, PBT percent has improved by nearly 1,000 basis points. In coming 
quarters we would continue to push for sales uplift as the number one priority. 
Apart from the volumes, overall P&L is in a strong healthy trajectory. I will reiterate 
that these short-term turbulences aside, the mid to long-term prospects of Parador 
remain strong. 
In our Pipes and Fitting segment, we have delivered our highest quarterly sales 
volume in this quarter while also delivering top quartile sales realizations. This has 
come on the back of our expanding distribution network and an expensive product 
portfolio. Our Pipes and Fittings realization at about Rs. 159 per kg, during this 
quarter, will rank amongst the top three in the industry and better than large 
players such as Prince, Supreme and Finolex. We have sustained a favorable 40% 
plus share of CPVC in our portfolio and that would also be amongst the best in the 
industry. Driven by value enhancing initiatives across material, supply chain, 
manpower and other costs, we are steadily increasing our profitability. It is 100% 
improvement on a year-on-year basis on that count. 

 
Page 3 of 20 
Also, during the current quarter, we have received the prestigious GreenPro award 
for CPVC Pipes & Fittings, which puts us in an elite list of industry leaders. We 
believe PVC and CPVC prices have largely bottomed out and we expect a healthy 
market volume growth somewhere in the double digit zone in the months to come. 
In this market, we are confident of outpacing the other industry players as we have 
done in recent quarters. The focus for us in this segment is to aggressively grow 
scale through both organic and inorganic means and create significant shareholder 
value. 
In Roofing Solutions, our brand Charminar has shown a volume growth of 1% and 
NSR growth of 5%. We are the clear market leaders with the 24% market share on 
a year-to-date basis and we command significant price premium over our peers. 
The strong brand equity of Charminar together with an unparalleled market reach 
are the strategic assets that drive this superior performance. We expect both 
volume and price growth in quarter 4, leading to a stronger margin performance. 
We will also be introducing some exciting new products in this segment to sustain 
our differentiated positioning. 
In Building Solutions, we have seen a sharp volume growth for HIL. For instance, in 
blocks are volumes grew by 14% year-on-year. However, there were headwinds on 
pricing, which have led to a muted profitability this quarter. Birla Aerocon continues 
to be a truly premium brand due to its quality and continued efforts made by our 
technical sales team, which helps us command our price premium over 
competition. We are excited at the role we play in institution building for the nation 
with prestigious projects such as IIT Bhubaneshwar, the RBI Data Center in Orissa, 
the newly constructed Railway Station at Puri and scores of hospitals around the 
country. Further, we continue to scout for opportunities for both inorganic and 
organic capacity expansion to accelerate our growth trajectory. 
The Putty business reported a strong growth of 10% in volume during this quarter, 
despite the reduction in prices driven by increased competitive intensity. Structural 
fine-tuning, including realignment of the sales team and geographical expansion 
has started yielding results and we expect strong growth coming in coming quarters 
as well. Efforts on recipe optimization and sourcing have meant profitability in Putty 
has improved significantly over last year. 
Our Construction Chemicals business is on a strong growth trajectory with a year-
on-year growth of over 100% and quarter-on-quarter growth of 20% plus. We 
continue to scale the business month-on-month and expand our product 
assortment and grow our footprint in newer geographies in South and East India. 
Overall, we expect Q4 to be the breakthrough period for this new business. 
Before I conclude, I want to take a minute to give you all a sneak peek of what is 
happening behind the scenes at HIL, things that don't show up as headlines when 

 
Page 4 of 20 
we talk of financial performance, but things that enable this performance and will 
determine our success quarter after quarter. Last time, I had talked about how our 
agile teams focused on new product development efforts, institutional and 
government sales effort, net loss reduction and other such value initiatives. In this 
quarter, we have undertaken a comprehensive cost diagnostic and benchmarking 
exercise with an external partner to identify larger pools of value sitting within our 
P&L. In Q3, we also initiated the project to double the capacity of our Chennai 
blocks plant. The challenge for our cross functional team is to shave off 30% of 
execution time usually associated with such projects. Hence, we are confident that 
the full revenue impact of this expansion should be visible from Quarter 3 FY25 
onwards. 
Parador as a brand is known for being designed forward. Hence, the upcoming 
product launch of more than 150 new designs is a significant date in the calendar 
for flooring industry in Europe. It will be a big statement of intent from the brand 
and is expected to provide a strong boost to our sales efforts.  
Let me now request our CFO, Ajay, to provide a detailed overview of our financial 
performance during the quarter and nine months and both of us will be available 
after that to answer any questions you may have. Thank you for your attention and 
time. Over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Kapadia 
Thank you, Akshat. Good morning and thank you all for joining today's call. 
I would like to take this opportunity to present an overview of our Financial 
Performance and Operational Highlights for Quarter 3 and 9 months of the year. 
In Quarter 3, HIL India has achieved 7% year-on-year growth in revenue to Rs. 509 
crore as compared to Rs. 475 crore with positive volume growth in all business 
segments. The reported EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 29 crore as against Rs. 48 crore 
in Quarter 3 last year. At this point, I would like to highlight that the last year EBITDA 
included Rs. 16 crore one-time reversal of provisions relating to inventory 
incentives and ESOPs. If we remove this impact, the profitability is largely in the 
same zone. 
The Roofing Solutions business grew by 10% year-on-year to Rs. 227 crore in 
Quarter 3 FY24. Despite sluggish demand, we continue to grow in volume and 
thereby further strengthening our market leadership position in the quarter and 
continue to enjoy customer loyalty. PBT margin in Quarter 3 last year was higher on 
account of onetime reversals of inventory provisions of Rs. 10 crore. If we remove 
the one-time adjustment, the year-on-year profitability remains the same. Our 
margins in the segment are the highest amongst all roofing players by far. 

 
Page 5 of 20 
The Building Solution business grew by 6% year-on-year to Rs. 138 crore in Quarter 
3. Additions of new capacities in block business by competitors led to lower ASP in 
the market which has negatively impacted margins. However, we have been able 
to partially recover the negative impact by focusing on the development of 
alternate supply sources to keep our input cost lower. We are confident of getting 
double digit growth and better margins in the coming months. 
The Polymer Solution business grew by 4% year-on-year with revenue of Rs. 144 
crore during the quarter with better operating margins. We believe that we are in 
the right profitability zone in this segment and we will seek to further improve with 
a growing scale. 
In Quarter 3, Parador sustained its volume and price compared to last quarter. The 
quarter-on-quarter volume grew by 10% and quarter-on-quarter revenue grew by 
7% to Rs. 275 crore. We have for the first time reported quarterly positive EBITDA 
during the year. Our focus on working capital optimization continued during the 
quarter and inventories are at the lowest level.  
Our debt at a consolidated level stood at Rs. 416 crore. The total debt to equity 
ratio stands at 0.33 as on 31st December. We are confident in our ability to grow 
our performance footprint and create healthy cash flows going forward.  
I would like to conclude my opening remarks. Now, I request the moderator to open 
the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We 
have the first question from the line of Satish Kumar from InCred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Satish Kumar 
I just have a question on Parador, whether the cost rationalization is now over and 
can we expect further cost decline or the cost will remain at the same level? And 
my second question will be what kind of run rate you are seeing right now in the 
sales in Parador? 
Akshat Seth 
So, cost rationalization, a big chunk of work has been done and that is showing up 
in better margins for us. However, as a topic, it is a continuous improvement topic 
and we will continue pushing on it. The third angle is from a raw material 
perspective, we feel that now from an external point of view, the cost seems to 
have bottomed out. So, that is on the cost picture. On revenue, what we are 
witnessing and in recent months and the order book is essentially suggesting that 
we are in the zone of Euro 12 to Euro 14 million of sales per month. That is the 
absolute near-term outlook that is ahead of us. 

 
Page 6 of 20 
Satish Kumar 
And another question I had, if you can permit me, then how the rural demand in 
India is looking right now, we were hearing a lot about the slowdown etc., how we 
are witnessing growth in this quarter, sales growth? 
Akshat Seth 
So, what we have seen, at least in the post Diwali phase, there has been a certain 
level of hesitance as far as demand is concerned in the rural segment. Now, some 
of it can be attributed to transient factors. Typically post Diwali, there is a little bit 
of lull, there have been weather factors and so on and so forth. We are now 
watching. This is now the period, so February onwards is where the vibrancy is 
expected to come back, but you are right, the last two or three months including 
what we have seen in January have been a little on the hesitant and sluggish side. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Krisha Kansara from 
Molecule Ventures PMS. Please go ahead. 
Krisha Kansara 
Before you mentioned that Parador has turned EBITDA positive in this quarter, 
could you please tell me the number, how much was the EBITDA for Parador in this 
quarter? 
Ajay Kapadia 
It is Rs 1 crore Krisha. 
Krisha Kansara 
Parador sales were down by 6% if we compare on Y-o-Y basis and there was only 
slightly up on a sequential basis, so if you could guide us on the reasons for such 
performance in Parador and along with the outlook on this Flooring segment going 
forward also, so how does the demand shaping up and how was it in the Q3 
quarter? 
Akshat Seth 
The 6.7% I mentioned in terms of volume growth is on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
The context is important because the last 12 months in the Eurozone have been a 
difficult period from a demand perspective. Why this quarter is significant because 
this is the first time we have seen a positive trajectory and I can speak from a 
Parador perspective of all, at an aggregate level this quarter we have sold more 
volumes than in the previous quarter. Again, even if we compare 3 out of the 4 key 
product categories that we deal in even compared to last year, there has been a 
slight volume growth. The one segment which continues to be in the sluggish zone 
is Engineered Wood, which accounts for roughly a quarter of our overall portfolio. 
What we are looking ahead to the general consensus seems to be that as far as the 
demand and market outlook is concerned, we seem to be at the bottom end. 
Everyone believes that we have seen the bottom now. How fast the recovery 
happens is something that we will all have to wait and watch. There are some 
positive signs. The inflation is at its lowest and that should signal a softening regime 
on the interest rate side and what we have seen in our sales for last quarter which 
is higher volume increase and also a more robust order intake and order book 

 
Page 7 of 20 
seems to indicate that we are moving in a positive trajectory. We would of course 
want greater momentum around it, but it is on an improving trend. 
Krisha Kansara 
And sir, volume growth you mentioned 6.7%, correct? 
Akshat Seth 
Volume growth is, I mentioned 6.7 on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Krisha Kansara 
And sir, next question is on the Construction Chemical side, so how much sales did 
we do in this segment in this quarter and also for the 9 months of FY24? 
Akshat Seth 
I am just getting the numbers. So, overall for us it is Putty and Construction 
Chemical put together for this quarter, the number is Ajay. 
Ajay Kapadia 
It is Rs. 56 crore for the quarter. 
Krisha Kansara 
And for 9 months? 
Ajay Kapadia 
Rs. 145 crore. 
Krisha Kansara 
And sir, one last question and sir, do we still maintain our guidance for FY26 
regarding the margin which is 12% EBITDA level, is there any change in that 
guidance? 
Akshat Seth 
There is no change in the guidance. That is the aspiration with which we are moving 
towards and a slew of initiatives and early wins give us confidence that we are on 
track towards that guidance. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi 
Sir, I wanted to understand, in our Building product division, the AAC blocks, last 
quarter, we guided that our margins were down because of strike at our Chennai 
plant, but constantly when we look at the longer-term perspective our margins 
have underperformed our competitor, so why is that and what are we trying to do 
to make sure that our margins grow par like you have guided 10-11% margin, but 
still I am not, if you could provide me some guidance on that? 
Akshat Seth 
So, in Building Solutions, this quarter, the margins have been softer primarily 
because of pricing pressure we have seen in the market. You would recall that this 
quarter especially the November to December period, there have been several 
factors that have played out. There have been construction bans in various parts of 
the country. There have been weather related disruptions as well. And there has 
been some additional capacity that has come to the market leading to greater 
competition and as a result, price realization is where the margins have been 
impacted. As we now enter from a construction point of view, a better part of the 

 
Page 8 of 20 
year, which is February onwards, we expect those pricing to start resuming the 
normal trajectory and we get to a better margin profile, but all of the margin 
pressure in Building Solutions is largely due to the pricing related factors in the 
market. 
Mathur Rathi 
Sir, but when I look at our competitor, they are constantly being around 20% odd 
of margin, so is it because in the Western region there is a lower competition or is 
there something else that is affecting our margins in that segment? 
Akshat Seth 
I think there are very few like to like competitors. For instance, there are players 
who for us Building Solutions is a combination of Block, Panels and Boards and that 
blended percentage comes in. Second, there are players who are largely regional in 
nature. We are a national player. So, somewhere we are exposed to different price 
points and cost structure across various parts of the country. But that said apart 
from pricing, there are a few things that we are working on internally which gives 
us some line of sight of nearly 200 to 300 basis point improvement on the margin 
in the short to medium term, but those are improvement initiatives that are being 
undertaken. 
Mathur Rathi 
And sir, when can we see these improvements reflecting in our financials? So, when 
will we see this margin improvement in our Building product? 
Akshat Seth 
So, it should start playing out in the next 2-3 quarters. So, this quarter 4, we are 
watching from a pricing perspective, some of the structural things that we are 
working on internally will take a couple of quarters to start playing out and become 
visible. So, my sense is Q1 to Q2 next financial year is when this should become 
visible. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bhavnish Kumar from Vivek 
Art. Please go ahead. 
Bhavnish Kumar 
First of all I would like to congratulate and appreciate that HIL puts a brave face 
every time we are on a concalI. I just had two feedbacks and one question for you. 
The feedback is like, as you mentioned the market share of Charminar sheets in the 
presentation, I would appreciate it if you could give the market share for other 
products also in the presentation. 
Akshat Seth 
Okay. 
Bhavnish Kumar 
Secondly, we give the revenue wise, I mean we give there in rupee terms, but if you 
could also mention the volume terms that would be easier for investors to compare 
the performance Q-on-Q and Y-on-Y because the prices keep on fluctuating, so it is 
not right to compare the revenue year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. The volume 
would be a better parameter. 

 
Page 9 of 20 
Akshat Seth 
Understood. 
Bhavnish Kumar 
My question is that like we had given a guidance of $1 billion enterprise by FY26 
and also some EBITDA margins, are we still on track for that because as of now it 
would be difficult to achieve even half a billion dollars of revenue in this financial 
year, so doubling from here in two years. I just wanted your views on this. 
Akshat Seth 
So, I think the aspiration was for around FY26-27, but whatever, we as it may what 
we are targeting and there is a clear breakdown internally for us as to how will we 
get there, but we are targeting to be double in 3 years, so in the next 3 years, that 
is where. So, the guidance and the aspiration remain there. There is no change in 
that one. There will be a few things that will sort of be shared with all of you in the 
coming months. That will also give you a line of sight of some of these things as you 
can appreciate, some of them are currently under work and you will get greater 
confidence in the months to come. 
Bhavnish Kumar 
And just one more question Akshat, is it possible that we can separate our Parador 
and Indian division because of Parador we are not able to see the value of Indian 
division? 
Akshat Seth 
I think the alternative is something that we should also consider, which is let us wait 
out and you will also see a scenario where the Parador division is punching above 
its weight in the overall value creation of HIL. We are confident of it. We will request 
maybe just a little bit of patience around it. As I have said in my previous calls that 
picture maybe is about 12 to 18 months away, but you will start seeing signs of that. 
And I am also not trying to paint a picture which has not been done in the past. We 
have had of the 4 or 5 years that we have held onto Parador a significant overlap 
was that with COVID we have had 2 or 3 blockbuster years where Parador has 
contributed handsomely to the HIL story. So, let us not think of separating the two, 
let us think of how synergies can be built and how we can make it a powerful 
combination. That is at least how we are focused on. 
Bhavnish Kumar 
Great to see the confidence, Akshat. Thank you so much. I was a worried investor, 
but I am a loyal investor. I would still invest it. Thank you so much. 
Akshat Seth 
Bhavnish, I know you have been a loyal investor for a long time. All I can say is don't 
be worried. Keep us honest, but there is no reason to be worried. These are cycles 
and we will navigate past the cycle. Hopefully, the last 12 months also give you the 
confidence that we are trying to navigate what is not easy situation with great 
amount of rigor and diligence. So, that will continue and that should give you more 
confidence and anxiety. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Deven from Marcellus. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
Deven 
Just two questions, first on the Roofing Solutions, so if I see on the historical 
perspective, 2 years back, the margins were in double digits, but now in this quarter, 
we are seeing at the single digit margin, so any reason for such low margins in 
Roofing? 
Akshat Seth 
I think in Roofing what will help is if you look at the YTD picture because there are 
seasonality involved in this product. At an YTD level compared to the peaks we may 
be 2% to 4% off from the peak margin level. As I have explained in the past, there 
was a cycle of cost increase outpacing the price increase. The extent of that cost 
increase was about 5 to 6% on a P&L basis. We have recovered nearly 3.5% of that. 
The remaining 1.5% is expected to be recovered by the time we hit the next season, 
which is Q1 of FY25. So, the expectation is that we should resume the normal 
trajectory in the next couple of quarters. 
Deven 
So, by normally using double digit margins that you have seen historically? 
Akshat Seth 
Yes. 
Deven 
And are you seeing any pricing pressures specifically in last two quarters in terms 
of realizations? 
Akshat Seth 
Sorry, is the question that are there margin pressures in Roofing? 
Deven 
Yes. 
Akshat Seth 
So, margin pressure usually comes from two sources. One inputs, I would say on 
the input side there is relative predictability and stability. So, there is no surprise 
expected on that nor has it played out in the last 6-9 months. It is on the pricing 
side where we would want greater traction and somewhere as I was alluding 
previously, the slight hesitance in rural market demand in the last 2-3 months has 
been a headwind. We expect that to recover and greater ability of the market to 
absorb higher prices. That is where the expectation is. So, the margin pressure is 
essentially in the short run-on pricing, not from an input cost perspective. 
Deven 
And if you could throw some light on the Building Solutions margins as well, which 
have reduced on a Y-o-Y basis, what could be the reason for that? And if you could 
just further breakdown into the Blocks as well as the Boards and Panels? 
Akshat Seth 
So, as I said on Building Solutions compared to our previous peak performance, the 
only delta is on pricing and we have experienced in this quarter some headwinds 
on the pricing side as far as especially on Blocks side, which is why the margins are 
lower. At the operating level, we are looking at about 8% odd which is off by about 
3 to 4% from the peak that we have experienced and that 3 to 4% is largely 
attributable to the NSR pricing. 

 
Page 11 of 20 
Deven 
And finally on the revenue front, if you could break down the growth in Building 
Solutions between AAC blocks and the Boards and Panels, like how much volume 
growth did we get in both these product categories in Building Solutions? 
Akshat Seth 
So, Building Solutions, the highest growth was in Blocks for this quarter, which was 
nearing the 15% mark. I mentioned 14.5% earlier in my opening remarks. On Panels 
we have grown at about 4 to 5% and on Boards we are largely flat. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gada 
Sir, my first question is on the Roofing part, just to the previous participants 
question regarding margins, now when you say that the gap is around 1-2% and 
which should be sort of mitigated if the demand improves, but still when we look 
at Roofing, which has been our bread and butter business, the margins have seen a 
very sharp decline over the last two years from 20-21% margins we are now maybe, 
we will close around 12-13% in FY24, so is there a glide path or do you see this sort 
of quickly going back to those 18-20% levels in the next couple of years? Otherwise, 
the overall guidance which you are talking about of 12% EBITDA margin looks a bit 
sort of difficult to achieve. 
Akshat Seth 
See from our FY23, the margin was around 15%. We are looking to close this year 
at around 12 to 13% level. And that is the 2% odd that I am talking about, 2 to 3%, 
part of it is also there is, anyways let me not, a 2% price increase will help us bridge 
this gap and that is the long and short of that story. What we are also pushing for is 
greater volumes in the market, so that will also help offset. We are reasonably 
confident that we will at least resume the FY23 trajectory quickly. Now, with that 
the 12% plus guidance that we have for HIL overall it is not just Roofing, but other 
segments will also have to contribute handsomely. Building Solution has to be in 
that zone. Polymer as we are scaling up will also start hitting that zone. That is when 
we will hit it. If only Roofing has to pull that weight, it will not reach that level. 
Including Parador will have to start hitting double digit numbers. There is 
reasonable confidence in the system that we will hit it, there is line of sight. In each 
one of them, the glide path is available for us internally. So, the story of that 12% 
plus margin will have to be a contribution from each of the segments. It cannot be 
just one. 
Nikhil Gada 
But for us to achieve that 12%, in terms of calculation, if you can give us a back of 
envelope calculation, what would be Roofing in that it, should it be 18%, should it 
be 15% is good enough if we achieve margins of 15% Roofing, still we will be able 
to achieve 12% margin? 

 
Page 12 of 20 
Akshat Seth 
I would say at a baseline if we achieve 15% or so in Roofing and the others pull their 
weight in the desired direction, then we should be okay. So, in our own internal 
calculations, the blended of 12% plus assumes Roofing at about 15%. 
Nikhil Gada 
Secondly, in Parador, so you mentioned, sorry, I might be wrong if I have heard it 
correctly or not. You mentioned that the monthly run rate is around 12 to 14 million 
Euros, does that mean that we are looking at Rs. 340-Rs. 350 crore sort of sales in 
fourth quarter FY24 in Parador? 
Akshat Seth 
We would look at In the zone of about Rs. 315 and Rs. 325 crore. 
Nikhil Gada 
And in that case, what kind of margins can we achieve? Is it around 5-7% margins 
that we believe that we will be able to achieve? 
Akshat Seth 
At an operating margin level, that should be the range. At the moment in Quarter 
3, we were just about EBITDA positive. We should be comfortably EBITDA positive 
at that range. My sense is it should be in the 3% to 4% range. 
Nikhil Gada 
And just on the Parador piece itself, you mentioned that we are also gaining market 
share in the European markets as well, but in terms of the overall outlook of 
demand from Europe, do you think that the worst is behind or do we see any green 
shoots per se from there because whatever you still heard about Germany and all 
the markets continue to remain very weak over there? 
Akshat Seth 
So, several parts to your question. Have we seen the worst and have we left the 
worst behind us? That answer is fairly consistent and unanimous that yes, that 
seems to be the indication. Second, are we seeing some green shoots, at least in 
our business? We are, the fact that for the first time this year, there is volume 
growth, is a green shoot. The fact that 3 out of our 4 product categories have done 
better than the previous year also in this quarter, is a green shoot. The fact that our 
order book is consistent for the last 3-4 months clocking at a higher clip than our 
revenue in that month, is a green shoot. At a macroeconomic level, the bottoming 
out of the inflation rate is a positive trend. The fact that interest rates have not 
been increased is a good trend. The fact that people are talking about a drop in 
interest rate is again a good trend. And let me offer a slight contrarian view and 
there are now analysts who are talking about this that Europe might actually 
surprise us in this calendar year. And there are a few factors that are contributing 
to it, one, unlike US, where a lot of the subsidies that were given out last two or 
three years wherein US people actually went and spent that money; in Europe, 
people have saved that money, so the savings rate is actually much higher. Second, 
the impact of high interest rates has actually been absorbed in Europe and it was 
done in a hard manner over the last 12-18 months and that again is a positive sign. 
So, if you look at some recent analysts, including I think there was something 
released by Ruchir Sharma, they talk about Europe positively surprising us. Now 

 
Page 13 of 20 
that of course remains to be seen, but I am just saying that if that plays out, that is 
a big tailwind for us. 
Nikhil Gada 
Just one last question on the Polymer side of the business, firstly, I think you gave 
the numbers for Construction Chemicals and Putty in revenue, can we get the same 
for the EBIT as well? 
Akshat Seth 
We are not reporting that separately. 
Nikhil Gada 
The loss if you can share in construction chemicals, what was the loss? 
Akshat Seth 
I think we are largely breakeven in Construction Chemical. So, there is no loss at the 
current levels. 
Nikhil Gada 
And just on the Polymer part of the business as well, so we sort of mentioned the 
growth that we are seeing in Pipes business, can you sort of share what are the, I 
think you mentioned also about the branding initiatives as well, so if you can sort 
of give a view for the next couple of years, how do you want to scale this business 
up and what are the initiatives that you are taking for making this sort of a Pan India 
player? 
Akshat Seth 
So, the initiatives have to be done in a 360-degree manner. First step, what is really 
the aspiration and in that sorry, I think we were asked about the billion dollars we. 
The effort that we are and the ambition is important through state, because that 
will also put in perspective the kind of efforts we are putting in. We are aspiring to 
be four to five times larger than what we currently are. Now, in order to do that, 
first there has to be a strong effort on demand generation and brand build side. 
And that work is underway in not 3 months, but in 6 month’s time you will start 
seeing a lot of that and this is being done both from a Polymer side perspective, but 
also at an overall HIL level.  
There is a big brand strategy work that we are doing and you will see renewed 
momentum around marketing activities. That is point one. On the sales side, there 
is extensive effort being done to increase the addressable market. First, in the retail 
trade channel that we play in, we are growing into new geographies and growing 
deeper into the existing geographies. So, there is effort around growing the 
penetration on the retail trade side. On the B2B side, as HIL have strength in our 
Building Solutions and other segments, those are being cross leveraged. So, B2B 
there is renewed focus. Third institutional and government sales is something that 
we had not done. We are opening that up as a new channel. The idea really is that 
we should be relevant in all those three channels.  
The third angle on this growth story is the product angle where we need to expand 
further the product categories that we are in, and that product category expansion 

 
Page 14 of 20 
has to pass through two filters. One is scalability and where volumes are available, 
second also look at niches which are more profitable.  
And again, I will urge each one of you to keep a watch on announcements from our 
side on the new product launches in the next 6 to 9 months and you will see a 
complete gear shift on that front.  
The fourth is then our own manufacturing capacity and the quality of products that 
we are coming out. There is a significant effort out there and as we scale up, we will 
have to meet the capacity demand also. So, there will be investments on that front 
as well. So, it is a multipronged approach. It is that we are small, but we are aiming 
to be much bigger and there is a huge amount of organizational effort that is going 
in that direction. What I would also like to assure and give confidence to this group 
is that Pipes and Fittings will remain as one of the key anchors of growth as we chart 
out the next 3 to 4 years journey for HIL. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil 
Two questions. One is on Parador. Even this quarter number if we look at, it looks 
like we did Rs. 275 crores of sales. This is YoY lower by around 6%. And if I add, there 
are two aspects. One was the existing DIY retail market where we were already 
present and the new initiatives on the commercial and the new geographies. So, if 
I do a rough calculation it looks like the market in DIY is still down something like 
20-25%. Would that be right. If we have to say the revenue from new initiatives and 
from the existing geographies, how does this split up? 
Akshat Seth 
I am not able to follow how did you arrive at? 
Nikhil 
What I am trying to understand is that out of this Rs. 275 crore, the new initiatives 
which we started in last one year in terms of new geographies, commercial and all, 
how much of it revenue contribution has already done and the markets where you 
are already present is the market still down by 15-20%? 
Akshat Seth 
So, let me explain. One, your question on how the volume growth reconciles with 
the drop from last year on the revenue side and one key element there is the 
product mix. As I said, Engineered Wood is still tracking lower volumes and that is 
the highest realization; may not be the highest margin, but highest realization 
product and that is why there is a mismatch between the two.  
To your question on these new initiatives and these new initiatives can be broadly 
under 2 categories, the new channel focus which is on commercial and the second 
is on the new geographies of North America, Middle East and China, now if you 
understandably, these geographies were at a much lower pace, but they have done 

 
Page 15 of 20 
almost two to three times what we used to do previously in these geographies. So, 
that is the early wins in that market. On commercial, we have done better, but as 
you can imagine, commercial also takes a little bit of gestation time for it, so while 
the pipeline is strong and pipelines have started converting in places like Middle 
East, has it fundamentally altered the revenue profile just yet? The answer is no. 
So, a lot of the recovery that we see actually comes from the Central European 
markets and the DIY channels, etc., have also started coming back. So, in short, the 
new geographies are commercially tracking ahead of plan, these together will still 
be only about 15-20% of the total portfolio. 
Nikhil 
So, the commercial new geographies, all these new initiatives should start 
contributing at least by first Q of FY25? 
Akshat Seth 
They are contributing even as we speak, the share of these in the overall portfolio 
is steadily increasing. 
Nikhil 
And secondly, question on the 12% EBIT margin, you mentioned that we are doing 
multiple efforts and I think we are walking the talk on that, but see on a contrarian 
view, if we look at it, many of these things like Building Solution pricing or Polymer 
pricing, these have impacted us on and off. How much of that 12% margin 
achievement will be driven by internal factor and how much of it is dependent upon 
that the external environment has to play favorable for us to achieve that margin 
aspiration? 
Akshat Seth 
If you ask us from an aspiration point of view, the aspiration is that when we state 
that ambition, it is not dependent on what happens in the marketplace. It should 
be independent and if the market forces are favorable, then we only do better. And 
there are a few things that are being done in that regard. First, the effort around 
brand build, marketing essentially to ensure that places where we have a price 
premium, we sort of maintain that. Again, there is effort on new product 
development which will give us differentiators to play within the market and also 
on margin front, preimmunizing the portfolio that we have. These are things which 
will give us an insulation from a lot of the market-related volatilities that are 
inevitable in the segments that we play in. So, the aspiration on margin that we 
stated is not contingent on one great year where everything is falling nicely from a 
market perspective and we hit that number, but it should be the baseline around 
which we operate. So, I will give an example. You mentioned Pipes, Pipes despite 
the ups and downs on the resin price margins, now we seem to have had a good 
handle for four straight quarters. Our margins are actually in a robust zone when I 
look at contribution margins and gross margins, but the choice of new product 
segment that we will get into will give us greater insulation on the margin side. 
Nikhil 
And last question, in Roofing, if I compare the performance, we have grown year-
on-year, so around Rs. 15-Rs. 16 crore of additional absolute sales wise growth. In 

 
Page 16 of 20 
last 2-3 quarters, you have been mentioning that the RM cost inflation was very 
high and we were catching up on the pricing and this quarter, we said about 5% was 
the price growth, but still on the margin side, we are at 7% and if I compare it, the 
quantum of sales and look at in 2020 or 21, even at this quantum of sales are 
margins were actually much higher than this 7%. So, how are you looking at the 
margin profile improvement here because one thing you also mentioned that the 
RM is now stable. So, the new contracts would, probably there is not much price 
escalation and the pricing gap in RM inflation is also around 1% now. But the 
margins are still on the lower end. So, what has to play out for us to achieve that 
12-15% margin? 
Akshat Seth 
Maybe also Nikhil take this offline and get into a more detailed discussion on how 
these calculations work, but let me at least say that in Roofing, to look at quarter-
on-quarter margin, so in this quarter you are looking at about 7% odd is probably 
not the right way of looking at it. At an YTD level and at a full year level is where the 
comparison should be. Even at the current trajectory, if I take the full year last year, 
we were at about 15% margin. We hope to complete this year at about 12.5%. So, 
addition quarter-on-quarter on an YTD or a cumulative basis is an important 
exercise to be done. What will get us? At this moment the only thing I can say is 
pricing. There is nothing else that is left there. From a cost perspective, from a raw 
material perspective, we feel we are 100% optimized. We also feel from a 
comparative point of view, when you look at other players in the industry. We are 
already clocking much better than any of our peers. And you will have numbers to 
sort of corroborate that. The good part is of the 5 to 6% impact that happened 
because of that price escalation, we seem to have recovered about 3.5%. It is now 
down to that last 1.5 to 2%. 
 I will make one last statement on this. You started off by volume growth and so on. 
This volume growth this year that we have registered is actually in the context of 
what we believe is the industry degrowth this year. So, at an aggregate level, that 
is why we have ended up increasing our market share. To somewhere the single 
digit volume growth has to be seen in the context of a single digit industry degrowth 
that has happened for this category. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Kushal Kapoor, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kushal Kapoor 
My first question is in the Building Solutions segment, what is the contribution, 
what is the product which is dragging the profitability of the Building Solution 
segment, is it Panels or AAC Blocks? And the second question is regarding the 
capacity utilization of AAC Blocks right now? 
Akshat Seth 
The capacity utilization let me answer across our Building Solution category is in the 
zone of 90% plus across the three lines that we run. So, that is one capacity. Your 

 
Page 17 of 20 
first question was which is the lowest profitability, or can you repeat the first part 
of the question, please? 
Kushal Kapoor 
Dragging on the profitability in the Building Solution segment, What segment is it? 
Is it Boards or is it Panels or is it AAC Blocks? And what are the margins we are 
currently enjoying in the AAC blocks at the moment? 
Ajay Kapadia 
Kushal, the contribution margin which we see in Building Solutions segment, it is 
lowest right now is in Blocks business. Panels and boards are quite a healthy margin. 
Kushal Kapoor 
Like exactly, what is the margin in the AAC look like? I think the last quarter it was 
somewhere around 8% to 10% if I am not wrong in the AAC Blocks? Is it somewhere 
in the same range or is it bit lower than that as well, right now? 
Ajay Kapadia 
It is in the same range. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sanjay Kumar from iThought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar 
Few questions on Parador, can you give the cost structure for this quarter, say gross 
margin, employee cost, and other cost? 
Akshat Seth 
For this quarter, so at a gross margin level, so material cost is now at about 55%, so 
material cost for this quarter is 59%. 
Sanjay Kumar 
59% in India, all gross margins? 
Akshat Seth 
No, sorry, we are talking Parador, so it is not. 
Ajay Kapadia 
Parador is 55% material. 
Sanjay Kumar 
Employee costs and other costs? 
Ajay Kapadia 
Employee cost in Parador for the quarter is around Rs. 67 crore whereas other 
expenses are in the range of Rs. 59 crore. 
Sanjay Kumar 
And Akshat, we had spoken about 2.5 million USD cost savings, is all of it done or is 
anything more left in Parador? 
Akshat Seth 
It is on track. Those initiatives, I think we have now realized the big chunk of it and 
by the time we finish this financial year, we are on track to realize it completely. 
Sanjay Kumar 
And why is the employee cost so high, historically it was 18-19%, now it is higher 
because of lower sales, any levers to reduce the sale automation or is the process, 

 
Page 18 of 20 
batch oriented which results in this high employee cost or are you looking to ship 
to a low-cost geography? 
Akshat Seth 
So, there are two parts to it, the cost which is related to blue collared workers, there 
it is basically matching with how the volumes are going up or down. So, that bit is 
largely variabilized in nature and we are taking proactive measures every month to 
either bring it up, bring it down in line with what the demand profile is. On the non-
worker side, there have been some investments we have done and those are 
obviously by nature you would agree, come ahead of actual revenue impact. These 
are largely on sales and promotion side. As we cultivate these new markets, there 
have been some new resources that have been brought into start pushing volumes 
in that. The impact of that and at this moment, because we are probably at our 
lowest from our revenue point of view, these percentages do not look flattering, 
but as revenue picks up, these numbers will fall in the right orbit. So, are we looking 
to reduce it? No. Are we at a stable state? Yes. These resources will start becoming 
productive in weeks and months to come. They are already productive. You will see 
a bigger impact of that. 
Sanjay Kumar 
And just lastly, so at Rs. 400 crore quarterly run rate, can we do 10% EBITDA margin 
or double digit EBITDA margins? 
Akshat Seth 
At Rs. 400 crore, yes. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsheel Mehta from Mehta Vakil 
and Company. Please go ahead. 
Harsheel Mehta 
Most of my questions have been answered. I just had one question regarding the 
commercial order pipeline at Parador, in one of our earlier calls which said it was 
around Euro 85 million, so has there been any increase to this number? What would 
the figure be at current year? 
Akshat Seth 
So, the current pipeline and qualified pipeline will look to be in the same tune as 
Euro 85 million number. This of course keeps into account that there have been a 
few conversions that have happened at least to the tune of 8 to 10 that we have 
already seen, and some would have dropped off. So, this is like a constant addition 
deletion that happens from the pipeline, but the current pipeline would be of that 
order of magnitude. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jagdish Sharma, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Jagdish Sharma 
So, asbestos raw material prices have inched upwards after Russia-Ukraine war, 
how are they behaving now and is there a scope for reducing those prices? 

 
Page 19 of 20 
Akshat Seth 
If there a scope none that is visible to us. They are now in a zone where there are 
the usual inflationary adjustments. There is no volatility or sharp spike that is 
expected on that. Then one of the things that we constantly watch out for, one is 
of course the source cost, then there is the shipping cost and you would be aware 
that in recent months there has been some volatility around shipping with the Suez 
canal issue etc. Those are things that we continue to watch, but I will also assure 
that the recent developments have had, we have managed that situation well, so 
there has been no P&L impact of that, but these are risks that we continue to watch 
out for. 
Jagdish Sharma 
So, when do you think it will come down? It is like any visibility you are saying like 
in two quarters or three quarters, visibility you are saying? 
Akshat Seth 
At the moment cost coming down, there is no such visibility. There is no such 
outlook as well. 
Jagdish Sharma 
So, one last question, sir, what did the EBITDA margin for this Asbestos business, it 
just means revert back to its own average like what is the EBITDA margin you 
expect? 
Akshat Seth 
Before I share the number, I do want to make a small correction. We are not in the 
business of asbestos. It is not the asbestos business for us. For us we are in the 
Roofing Business and Roofing Business for us at EBITDA level, does anywhere 
between 15 to 16% margin. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take our last question from the line of Deven from Marcellus. 
Please go ahead. 
Deven 
Sir, just a follow up question on the boards and panels, you have mentioned that 
we had a single digit volume growth in this quarter, just wanted to understand what 
was the reason for this low growth? And overall more long-term perspective, 3 to 
5 years, what are our volume growth expectations for this segment? 
Akshat Seth 
So, again, important to keep the context in mind, in boards and panels, we are 
running at near full capacity. The next wave of growth in volumes from a sales 
perspective will essentially come with some capacity addition that will come. In 
panels, we have some line of sight. Our new plant at Balasore, the phase 2 of its 
ramp up will happen in the coming financial year. So, that should give a little bit of 
step up. Over the next 2-3 years, in boards there are conversations of putting up 
additional capacity, so that will also bring some additional volumes. So, here the 
volume increase will essentially be a consequence of capacity addition and there 
are plans to do that in the next 2–3-year time horizon that we talk about. 

 
Page 20 of 20 
Deven 
So, I understand that there is no demand side issue in this segment, so what is 
stopping us from ramping up capacities rapidly? 
Akshat Seth 
Overall, I think we as a company, there will be capital allocation. We have already 
spoken about the two big areas of Pipes and Fittings where we are investing 
Construction Chemical, Putty where we are investing, and Blocks where we are 
investing. Panels and boards will probably come in that order, so we also want to 
remain focused in where we are growing rather than fighting on all the vendors. 
Moderator 
Thank you. I now hand over the call to the management for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth 
Thank you and a big thanks to all of you for joining me in. As always, it has been a 
pleasure interacting with all of you and your interest, your questions are extremely 
encouraging for us. We will request that you please continue your support and 
guidance for HIL as a company and keep following this space. There will be a lot of 
action and a lot of updates that we will keep coming back to you. Meanwhile, if you 
have questions, please reach out to our Investor Relations desk. Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of HIL Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
