              GPT Infraprojects Limited 
       
         
Regd. Office: GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN : L20103WB1980PLC032872 
 
            
Phone : +91-33-4050-7000, Email : info@gptgroup.co.in , Visit us: www.gptgroup.co.in   
  
 
 
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2023-24                                                                               February 02, 2024 
 
The Department of Corporate Services,                         National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited,                                                                    Exchange Plaza,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                             Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street                                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400001                                                              Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Update on Conference Call held on January 31, 2024 – Call Transcript  
Ref.: Scrip Code – 533761; Symbol – GPTINFRA 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of 
Conference Call held on Wednesday, January 31, 2024. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For GPT Infraprojects Limited, 
 
 
Mohit Arora 
    Company Secretary 
 
Encl. – As Above 
 
MOHIT ARORA
Digitally signed by MOHIT ARORA 
Date: 2024.02.02 18:11:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited 
Q3 and 9 Months FY24 Conference Call” 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - GPT INFRAPROJECTS 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the GPT Infraprojects Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY24 Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia, Executive Director and CFO. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to the GPT Infraprojects Limited 
Earnings Conference Call for the Third Quarter and the 9 Months ended December 31, 2023. I 
hope you all had the opportunity to review our financials and the investor presentations, which 
is also uploaded on our website and that of the stock exchanges yesterday. Today with me on 
the call is a representative from Stellar IR, our Investor Relation advisers. 
I will briefly cover the key highlights for the quarter, and then we will discuss the questions that 
you might have. So on the back of a thriving order book and improving cash flow on account of 
the better executions, we have had a reduced debt positions. And we are well positioned to 
navigate the dynamic business landscape in the infrastructure industry. 
Now let's delve into our financial performance for the third quarter and the 9 Months ended FY 
2024. Our stand-alone revenues for Q3 FY24 amounted to Rs 249 Crores, marking a 28% 
increase year-on-year compared to Rs 195 Crores last year. On a consolidated basis, the revenues 
were at Rs 254 Crores, reflecting a growth of 26% year-on-year from Rs 202 Crores last year. 
 
For the 9 Months ended December 31, 2023, stand-alone revenues totalled at Rs 713 Crores, 
representing a significant increase of 33% year-on-year from the Rs 534 Crores last year. 
Similarly, on a consolidated basis, revenue stood at Rs 729 Crores, a jump of 34% from Rs 544 
Crores last year. 
In both the segment -- in both the standalone and consolidated numbers, we are on track to 
achieve our guidance of a growth of 25% in the current financial year. This growth will largely 
be driven by better execution in the Infrastructure segment, which accounted for close to 90% 
of our total business. 
Our standalone EBITDA for the quarter ended was at Rs 32 Crores compared to Rs 24 Crores 
last year, representing a growth of 32% year-on-year, and an EBITDA for the 9 Months was at 
Rs 91 Crores compared to Rs 68 Crores last year, that is a growth of 34%. In terms of our 
consolidated EBITDA, that came in at Rs 30 Crores for the quarter compared to Rs 23 Crores 
last year, representing a growth of 31%. And the EBITDA for the 9 Months stood at Rs 92 
Crores compared to Rs 66 Crores on a consolidated basis last year, representing a growth of 
40%. 
So we are quite close to the full year EBITDA for the -- which was achieved last year of Rs 96 
Crores. We are confident of maintaining our long-term EBITDA margin of 12% to 13%, which 
is what we have guided historically, and we have achieved that over the last decade. With the 
receipt of arbitration awards and also strong cash flow, the company has followed a path of fiscal 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
prudence by reducing debt, and the interest cost is reduced by 11% for the quarter despite 
increased working in the business. 
With the improvement in revenues, the operational efficiencies that have helped us to ensure 
long-term EBITDA, and we expect the same to be maintained going forward. We are also on 
track to reduce our working capital cycle to double digits in the long term, and also achieve long-
term ROCE and ROE closer to 20%, positiong ourselves as one of the best performing 
infrastructure companies in the country. The key factors contributing to this return are cost 
optimization and lower overhead costs and faster execution of our contracts. 
As announced earlier, we are pleased to announce that both the arbitration awards that were 
settled by the company under the ‘Vivad se Vishwas Scheme II’ of the Government of India, 
which was announced in the last budget have been settled, and the funds have been received for 
the same. This is a very positive step for the industry and EPC contractors like us as long pending 
arbitrations and disputes do not help either party and only leads to higher legal costs. 
With this, the company has repaid Rs 35 Crores of debt, and the balance has been used to 
strengthen the working capital cycle, especially on the back of receipt of large orders in the 
recent quarters. The company has declared a second interim dividend of Re. 1 per share. The 
record date for the same has been fixed on 9th February 2024, maintaining our dividend policy 
of rewarding shareholders. This takes the total dividend payout for this financial year to Rs 2 
per share. 
Turning to our balance sheet.  
Our management continues its strong focus on cash flows and receivables while ensuring that 
projects have achieved the hurdle rate of EBITDA of 12% to 13%. This focus has led to strong 
numbers over the last 3 years. 
Our cash flow to EBITDA conversion remains one of the highest in the industry, especially this 
year on account of the receipt of receivables, it will be closer to 125% and thus providing 
comfortable liquidity for the operations. The bank limits continue to be utilized to the extent of 
almost 65% to 70%, thus enabling the operations to go on smoothly. And we also expect external 
rating to move up shortly. 
 
Now coming to our segmental performance. Our Infrastructure segment continues to 
demonstrate strong execution prowess with a remarkable 10% increase in revenues reaching Rs 
232 Crores for the quarter ended 31st December 2023. This segment continues to be the 
backbone of our business, contributing almost 90% of our total revenues. 
The Sleeper segment has generated revenue of Rs 21 Crores for the third quarter, and we are 
anticipating the increase in momentum in the Sleeper segment. It is backed by commencement 
of the operation in South Africa as well as expected operations in Ghana as well. We expect this 
segment to contribute 10% of our revenues for the full year. And the Ghana revenues to kick in 
from the last -- in March of this year or first quarter next year as well. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
The EBIT for both the segments has been strong and in line with our guided EBIT for the full 
year as well. Infrastructure segment amounted to Rs 25 Crores in terms of EBIT. Sleeper 
segment amounted to Rs 4 Crores in terms of EBIT. 
Key contracts for the Infrastructure segment continue to perform well with contracts like 
Prayagraj, Ghazipur, Mathura-Jhansi, Nimtita, Byculla driving a major part of our revenues. As 
we move forward, we are confident in our ability to capitalize on the positive momentum 
generated by these factors. Our focus on maintaining a robust order book, coupled with the 
continuous efforts to optimize our financial structure. This is a foundation for our growth 
trajectory. 
Now coming to our order book. In Q3 FY24, we have achieved one of the highest order books 
for us in the last decade, which stands at Rs 2,991 Crores with order inflow of Rs 1,439 Crores 
during the year, representing almost 3.6x our FY'23 revenues, providing strong visibility to 
investors. We are glad to announce that in the last quarter, we have secured an order from 
MORTH for construction of a 4 lane Raniganj Bypass for Rs 267 Crores, which is to be 
completed over a period of 24 Months. 
To enhance profitability, we've implemented key measures such as optimizing working capital 
and reducing outstanding with various customers. And then by doing cost effective measures to 
keep overheads in check. We continue to be positive, driven by our strong outstanding order 
book, improving financial conditions, stronger cash flows and lower debt position as a result of 
receivables management. 
We expect the expenditure of the government on capex to be largely in line with the last year in 
the interim budget and expect the focus of the government to stay on this sector. This is a decade 
which belongs to India and especially due to the large addition of very large infrastructure 
contracts happening in the country, we expect that this sector continues to be a very strong focus 
for the government. 
Our company exclusively operates with the realm of government infrastructure contracts, 
national infrastructure pipeline with a sanctioned amount of the Rs 102 lakh Crores, a blueprint 
for transformative development across key sectors such as energy, transportation and urban 
infrastructure continues to be the backbone of our business. This ambitious program is not just 
a testament to India's commitment to robust infrastructure, but also a beacon for potential 
investments and opportunities for businesses like us. 
I would like to reiterate that this quarter has been one of the strongest quarters for us. And with 
the strong execution on the back of the largest ever order book in the history of our company, 
we are on track to cross the Rs 1,000 Crores revenues, which we have targeted for this year and 
maintain the growth momentum going forward as well. 
With this, I would now like to address any questions that you might have on our financial 
performance and future prospects. I will request the moderator to kindly open the floor to 
questions and answers. Thank you. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Bhalchandra Vasant Shinde from Kotak Life. 
Please go ahead.  
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please proceed. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Yes. Sorry for that. Congrats for strong set of results. So would like to know about the pipeline 
prospect-wise how you see over the next 1 to 2 years, the pipeline-wise and order inflow growth 
trajectory-wise also, how we see that perspective -- like will we be able to maintain the kind of 
growth which we showed on a YTD in order inflow growth? So that growth is it possible for us 
to maintain over the next 1 to 2 years? 
Atul Tantia: 
Sure. So thank you for the compliment. In terms of the pipeline, we have L1 and almost Rs 400 
Crores of new orders. And we expect that to translate into contracts for us in the next -- in this 
financial year itself. 
Like I said earlier, the focus of the government continues to be on this sector. And we like to 
maintain a book-to-bill of almost 3.2 to 3.5x. So projecting the revenue of Rs 1,000 Crores this 
year, we expect to close with an order book of almost Rs 3,200 Crores- Rs 3,300 Crores at the 
end of the financial year. This will give us a visibility of almost the next 2-2.5 Years. And 
obviously, with the order book next year should also grow in tandem with the projected growth 
of 20% CAGR over the next 3 years that we have targeted. And we should achieve that number 
of closing order book next year of almost Rs 4,000 Crores. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
And even on the NHAI side, as NHAI Chairman suggested that relatively trajectory on the 
tendering-wise and ordering-wise will improve from June onwards. So in that perspective, can 
we expect this -- target for this guidance as a relatively conservative because like NHAI ordering 
was not that great over the last 1 year. So can that add to the trajectory or we are considering a 
pickup in traction? 
Atul Tantia: 
There could be some positive surprise in that trajectory, obviously, which I'm guiding. But at 
the end of the day, we are quite mindful of our margins and the cash flow. So we do bid for 
contracts with a strike rate of almost 10% to 12%, but we need to have a – with a hurdle rate of 
EBITDA of 12.5%- 13%. Unless we kind of achieve that hurdle rate, we are happy to let go of 
contracts. 
 
So we don't want to just build up the order book, we also want profitable contracts, which can 
give the cash flow and return for the shareholders. So at end of the day, it needs to be a balanced 
and disciplined growth, and we will not compromise on the margins that we want for growth in 
the order book as well. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
And we will be able to maintain the cash flow to EBITDA conversion, which we have around 
80%, 90%, right, over the next 2-3 years? 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes, we should be maintaining that. This year has been an aberration due to the collection of the 
arbitration receivables. That's why I said that this year would be north of 125%, but that's an 
aberration due to the receipt of the arbitration receivables of almost Rs 65 Crores this year. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Got it. And because of this receivable of arbitration, if you can provide some light on or how the 
plate scenario will change and rating wise also. And by then one can expect further improvement. 
And does it add us or give us a cushion to wait for more orders because our sanction limit has 
improved right because of this receivable. 
Atul Tantia: 
So in terms of rating, obviously, the rating agency CRISIL is evaluating the rating, and it will -
- obviously, the rating committee will take a call appropriately. But the feedback that we have, 
that there should be a positive upgrade of the rating, but we have already done the management 
meeting and taken the necessary documents to placing before the rating committee now there's 
a call that rating agency will take, we have no  say in that. 
 
That would obviously lead to lower interest costs as well as release of some of the pledge of 
shares that are there from the promoter side in order to provide collateral for the bank limits 
enjoyed by the company. That -- the rating upgrade really doesn't affect the bidding capacity. 
That is more a function of how the order pipeline and the revenue that we do book and the 
credentials that we have in terms of completing contracts. We have enough credentials to now 
bid for contracts of more than Rs 1,000 Crores in our own name. 
 
I'm sure you're aware that we have recently got a Rs 740 Crores contract from NHAI, and we 
are bidding for a couple of large contracts as well. We hope to secure the same as such. In terms 
of banking limits, we are also using some of these surety bond limits from insurance companies. 
We also obviously have headroom in terms of banking limits available as such. So that's not a 
challenge. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda Family Office. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Congratulations on very strong execution and healthy order book and a very strong set of 
numbers, sir. Sir, my question is like this quarter, we saw some dip in the margin. So any specific 
reason or maybe the kind of operation and then we will continue to have a yearly 12% to 13% 
margin what you have guided. 
Atul Tantia: 
So this quarter also, honestly, EBITDA margin was in terms of standalone was about 12.9%. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
11 point something. 
Atul Tantia: 
No, 12.9% in standalone, consolidated was about 12%. Consolidated slightly lower on account 
of the -- just started the Ghana execution and Ghana overheads, etc. We expect that to, like I 
said, get on line by end of the March or first quarter next year. So once that happens, the 
consolidated will actually get in line with a standalone, which is about 13%. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And some other expenses are higher compared to last quarter or maybe last year -- last quarter 
also. So maybe related to Ghana starting expenses or... 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
Atul Tantia: 
So you're talking about consolidated or you talking about standalone? 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Consolidated. 
Atul Tantia: 
So other expenses are also on account of Ghana and also some foreign exchange fluctuation that 
gets factored in there. We do not have any -- it is nothing extraordinary per se. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great, sir. And lastly, sir, I just listened to your previous answer. So your trajectory -- growth 
trajectory would be 20 – 25% for the next couple of years? Is that a visibility you have? 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes. For the next 3 to 4 years, we expect that -- to maintain that kind of growth momentum given 
the strong focus of the government on this sector. Obviously, like the previous gentleman asked, 
if there is further impetus by the government on the sector, there could be some positive surprise 
on the number that we have guided. But we need to be disciplined in terms of our margins and 
cash flows. So while maintaining the discipline in terms of margin and cash flow, if you able to 
back some larger contracts and more contracts, we'll be more than happy to do it. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great. And interest outlook, if you can share because that money which has come now will go 
for debt repayment. So the interest will be quite less than what we are having this year. So can 
you for the next year, if you then provide interest and debt outlook? 
Atul Tantia: 
So like I said in my opening remarks, we have already reduced debt by Rs 35 Crores from the 
receipt of the arbitration money that we had got from NHAI. We expect interest to be around -- 
interest cost this year to be around Rs 30 Crores, which was Rs 37 Crores last year on a 
standalone basis. On a consolidated basis also, it will be along the same lines. 
 
In terms of FY25, interest cost would be further lower by almost Rs 4 Crores to Rs 5 Crores. So 
we expect interest on a consolidated basis to be in the range of about Rs 25 Crores to Rs 26 
Crores for FY25. 
Sudhir Bheda:                       Great. Great 
Atul Tantia:                             It was Rs 37 Crores last year. So there will be a saving of almost Rs 12 Crores over 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. 
Darshil Pandya: 
So can you please give me the debt as on date? 
Atul Tantia: 
Debt as on date or as of 31st December? 
Darshil Pandya: 
That would help. 
Atul Tantia: 
Pardon? Yes, debt as on date or as of 31st December, what are you asking, sorry? 
Darshil Pandya: 
Yes, as of 31st December kind of. 
Atul Tantia: 
As of 31st December, debt would be close to Rs 230 Crores. Right now, it would be close to Rs 
190 Crores. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Darshil Pandya: 
Right now, it should be Rs 190 Crores. Okay. And sir, one more question that in the earlier calls, 
the management said that you foresee order inflow of around of Rs 1,600 Crores by year-end. 
So with the recent order inflow, we are standing at Rs 1,700 Crores. So do you anticipate any 
new orders in this quarter as well? 
Atul Tantia: 
We're not standing Rs 1,700 Crores, we're starting at Rs 1,439 Crores with the new order inflow 
that we have had. This Rs 1,439 Crores obviously includes a Rs 267 Crores, which is technically 
in January, but this is part of the Rs 1,439 Crores. So we are starting at Rs 1,439 Crores with a 
recent order inflow. And we expect some more orders like I said in the L1 and we expect that to 
also come through in March. The L1 is all close to Rs 400 Crores of orders. We expect that to 
also transfer into orders for us in March itself. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. And as you said, the Ghana opportunity will be contributing around Rs 20 Crores for this 
fiscal. So on a full year basis, as guided, it should be at Rs 60-65 Crores run rate. 
Atul Tantia: 
This fiscal, Ghana operations will not contribute Rs 20 Crores. This fiscal will be slightly lower. 
The Ghana operations technical testing is underway. This fiscal can be hardly any revenue that 
is booked. Next fiscal, it will be about Rs 50-odd Crores from Ghana. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. So this fiscal year, you're saying that it will be the Rs 20 Crores? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, no, this fiscal will be hardly anything from Ghana, I said. It won't be Rs 20 Crores. 
Darshil Pandya: 
In your press release, you have just mentioned this, so I just asked for that. 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes. But like I said, the technical testing has been slightly delayed in Germany. That is -- we're 
expecting that to come through by end of February, early March. So this fiscal will be hardly 
any revenue that is booked because once the manufacturing happens, it takes about 1.5 months 
to book the revenues and dispatches for the customer. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khushbu Gandhi from Share India Securities Limited. 
Khushbu Gandhi: 
So my question is related to... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Ms. Gandhi, we're not able to hear you. Your audio is sounding very soft. 
Khushbu Gandhi: 
Hello? 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes. We can hear you. Go ahead, go ahead. 
Khushbu Gandhi: 
So my question is related to concrete sleeper [inaudible 0:23:26] expecting Ghana to recover 
base in FY25. So are we expecting up-movement in the margins like from 12%, 13% to at least 
13.5% because concrete sleepers will be now gaining a higher uptick in the margin? 
Atul Tantia: 
So concrete sleepers will be almost 10% to 12% of our revenues. The Ghana obviously will start 
contributing better. But like I said to the previous gentleman that it is about Rs 50 Crores of 
revenue even with a higher margin, that did not move the EBITDA by 50 basis points, maybe 
by 10 to 15 basis points. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
Khushbu Gandhi: 
Okay. And sir, any orders which we are looking in concrete sleepers going ahead? 
Atul Tantia: 
So we have bid for a couple of contracts in Namibia as well as South Africa and also locally in 
India as well for the existing factory in Panagarh which we expect to materialize in the next 
couple of months. In terms of newer opportunities in India, as you are aware, the government is 
evaluating 3 new freight corridors, which is after the completion of the Eastern and the Western 
corridors. Once that comes, obviously, we will target to get 1 or 2 factories in that new freight 
corridor on the tenders when that do happen, but that is some time away. 
Khushbu Gandhi: 
Okay. And sir, last question is relating to the infra side. Sir, we are looking that we will be 
growing at 20 – 25%. Any capex, which will be occurring for the same, for any machineries 
going forward? What's the capex, which you're looking? 
Atul Tantia: 
Capex would be in the range of about Rs 20 –25 Crores. We have done Capex in the 9 months 
of almost Rs 12 odd Crores. For the full year, the capex target is about Rs 20 Crores to Rs 25 
Crores for the new contracts that we are getting. And obviously, some maintenance capex for 
machines that need to be replaced, etc. So it's not a really high number for the capex. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prathamesh Diwar from Tiger Assets. 
Prathamesh Diwar: 
Congratulations for your great set of numbers. Sorry, sir, if I missed it earlier, can you please 
give a guidance on the order book for FY25? 
Atul Tantia: 
So FY25, we expect the order book to be -- closing order book to be almost Rs 4,000 Crores, 
close to Rs 4,000 Crores, which is right now Rs 2,991 Crores. We expect FY25 closing order 
book to be close to Rs 4,000 Crores. 
Prathamesh Diwar: 
Got it. And my second question is, will the revenue share of -- revenue mix of concrete sleepers 
and infrastructure will remain same? Or how is it going to be in coming year? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, concrete sleepers will be about 10% to 12% of revenues. 
Prathamesh Diwar: 
Okay. And sir, can I know which -- out of both of the segments, which gives us higher margins? 
Atul Tantia: 
Both the segments do give us a margin of almost 13% at EBITDA level. Concrete sleepers can 
give a lower EBIT because of higher depreciation in the African subsidiaries, but at EBITDA 
level, both give almost the same margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Congrats for good set of numbers. Sir, in terms of guidance for this year, you're saying 25%, but 
our 9 months is like 30% plus, 32-33%. So is it like a conservative guidance? Or do we expect 
some growth reduction in the fourth quarter? 
Atul Tantia: 
Obviously, fourth quarter there will be a slight effect of elections, but we are mindful of that as 
well. We are -- we expect to be in the range of 25% to 30%, maybe 27%, 28% for the full year. 
But -- so we have done Rs 728 Crores, and we expect to close like I said, 1,000 plus. So we 
would be in the range of 27%, 28%, close to that. 

 
 
GPT Infraprojects Limited
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the next year, should we like expect this Rs 1,000 Crores to go to like Rs 
1,250 Crores or like what should be growth assumption for the next year? 
Atul Tantia: 
So like I said earlier as well, we expect over the next 3 years to have a CAGR growth of 20% in 
terms of revenue, 20% to 22%, but that is over the next 3 years. So obviously, every year, we 
should grow in that tandem. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the execution side, like Rs 3,000 Crores, what is the time line for this full 
acquisition of this order book? 
Atul Tantia: 
Typically 2.5 – 3 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhalchandra Vasant Shinde from Kotak Life. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Sir, regarding this fourth quarter execution, if we are expecting order inflow of around Rs 400 
Crores, then are we expecting model growth for fourth quarter execution because then only we 
can assume around Rs 3,200 Crores something kind of order. 
Atul Tantia: 
No, we are -- Rs 400 Crores is what we are in L1 in. There could be some more which we have 
submitted technical bids, but we are not L1. There could be some more orders inflow as well. 
We don't expect any moderate or subdued growth in Q4. Like I said to the previous gentleman 
as well, we expect the Q4 to be also in line with what we've done earlier. So fourth quarter would 
also be a jump growth of almost 20%. We are mindful that last year, the fourth quarter was a 
very good quarter for us. We did Rs 260 Crores of revenues last year, which was a very good 
quarter for us last year. So obviously, that base effect will be there, but it will not -- it will still 
be about ~20% in terms of growth for the full year -- for the quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanika from Sapphire Capital. 
Sanika: 
Congratulations for the set of numbers. I just want -- I just have a follow-up question. You said 
that in quarter 4, you're going to see a 20% growth. So that is on a quarter-on-quarter basis or is 
it on year-on-year basis? 
Atul Tantia: 
It's on the -- Q4 last year, we did Rs 260 Crores. Q4 this year, we should do about 20% growth 
like I said, about Rs 310 Crores, Rs 312 Crores. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia for his 
closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to suitably address all your queries. In case you 
have any further queries, please do get in touch with Stellar IR or directly with us. Thank you 
for your continued support and trust in the company's vision and capabilities. We look forward 
to achieving much higher milestones for the country, and becoming a nation builder, and creating 
everlasting value. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of GPT 
Infraprojects, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
