 
 
February 21, 2024 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza Bldg.  
 
5th Floor, Plot No.C-1   
 
‘G’ Block, Near Wockhardt, 
Bandra Kurla Complex  
 
 
Mumbai 400 051 
Fax: 26598237/38                                                  
Symbol: DCW 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Fax : 22723121/3719/2037/2039 
Scrip Code : 500117 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Investor(s)/Analyst(s) Call – Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
 
In Compliance with the Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed 
herewith, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, February 15, 2024 at 
02:00 p.m. (IST) with Investor(s)/ Analyst(s), to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
Q3 - FY24. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
through the following link:  https://dcwltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/Concall-
DCW-Ltd.pdf  
 
You are requested to take the aforesaid information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For DCW Limited 
 
 
 
Dilip Darji 
Sr. General Manager (Legal) & Company Secretary 
Membership No. ACS-22527 
 
DCW LIMITED 
HEAD OFFICE : 
[OJ 
DCW 
LIMITED 
"NIRMAL" 3RD FLOOR, NARIMAN POINT, MUMBAl-400 021. 
TEL.: 2287 1914, 2287 1916, 2202 0743 TELEFAX: 22 2202 8838 
REGISTERED OFFICE: DHRANGADHRA- 363 315 (GUJRAT STATE) 
Email: ho@dcwltd.com, Website: www.dcwltd.com, CIN-L24110GJ1939PLC000748 
DILIP 
VISHNUBHAI 
DARJI
Digitally signed by DILIP 
VISHNUBHAI DARJI 
Date: 2024.02.21 
11:25:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
DCW Limited 
Q3 and 9-Months FY 2024 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and Nine Months FY 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call of DCW Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of DCW Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I’d like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings call 
for the 3rd Quarter and nine months ending of Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today’s earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs 
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings call is purely 
to educate and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Saatvik Jain, President; 
Mr. Amitabh Gupta, CEO; Mr. Sudarshan Ganapathy, Chief Operating Officer; and Mr. 
Pradipto Mukherjee, Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Saatvik Jain to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, Saatvik. 

 
Page 2 of 10 
Saatvik Jain: 
Thanks, Anuj. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining our Earnings Call to discuss the 
3rd Quarter performance of FY 2024. Before handing it over to Pradipto Mukherjee for 
financial performance. 
As you may already be aware, the chemical sector in India is currently going through one of 
its worst periods in over a decade. The pain continues into Q3 and has lasted much longer 
than anticipated. Though domestic demand remains resilient and underlying industries are 
growing, the weak global demand environment has resulted in continued excess imports 
across our product range that are putting significant pressure on pricing. Apart from the price 
erosion in the commodity products due to imports, sluggish demand for our exports also 
continued into Q3, resulting in further reductions in sales volumes. 
To add to the pain, the Tuticorin region in Tamil Nadu, where our facility is located, witnessed 
unprecedented rains and floods, which completely halted our operations for 10 days, causing 
production disruption and delay in some of our sales spinning over into Q4. Thankfully, our 
impact on stock loss is minimal, as we are adequately covered with necessary insurance, and 
the expected impact is provided as an exceptional loss in this quarter. The price erosion 
coupled with lower sales volumes on our exports and impact of the floods has resulted in a 
4% lower revenue and 48% lower EBITDA over the last quarter. 
Moving to the market situation on our products. The domestic industry f or PVC and soda ash 
are both severely hit due to huge quantities of imports being dumped into India from China, 
Russia, Iran, etc. Unfortunately, until we see the global demand-supply situation getting 
adjusted, this scenario will continue, especially as the domestic demand for both these 
products remains strong, with a strong push from the government on the user industries. As 
for caustic soda, the realizations also continue to be under pressure due to overall slowness 
in global demand and oversupply situation in India. 
Coming to synthetic rutile, our sales were negligible in Q3, resulting in significant inventory 
build-up as we have continued our production. Weak demand in China is not only putting 
pressure on pricing, but also put pressure on our sales. However, the titanium metal demand 
remains strong and we are seeing some green shots from this quarter onwards. Our inroads 
into specialty chemicals is playing out and has given us a cushion to the bottom-line in tough 
times. C-PVC and SIOP remain strong and consistent contributors to our EBITDA and have 
added Rs. 32 crores to EBITDA in the last quarter. With our new volumes of C-PVC kicking in 
towards the end of Q3, we have declared the highest ever sales of C-PVC in a quarter in Q3. 
As our production ramps up, we will see volumes improving over the coming quarters. Our 
SIOP de-bottlenecking project is also almost complete with production volumes ramping up 
towards the end of this quarter, though sales will pick up with a lag effect. This has been an 
extremely tough year for the industry. However, even in this situation, DCW has prepared 
itself well with value added products. With these capacities commercializing and with the 

 
Page 3 of 10 
export of synthetic rutile improving, we are hopeful that the situation will turn for the better 
from Q4 onwards. 
With that, I now request our CFO, Mr. Pradipto Mukherjee to brief you on our financial 
performance. Over to you, Pradipto. Thanks. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
Thank you, Saatvik and good afternoon, everyone. The financial highlights for quarter three of 
FY 2024 is as follows: The realizations across the company’s commodity chemical segment 
continue to erode. However, with the lower fees and settled for the quarter at a stretched 
level across all our products. The caustic prices for the quarter stood at Rs. 30,000 per tonne, 
which is 10% down quarter-on-quarter. Synthetic rutile witnessed a significant reduction in 
export demand and the company could only achieve negligible volumes at stretched prices. 
The PVC realization for the quarter was around Rs. 70,000 a tonne, showing a correction of 
10% gain quarter-on-quarter. However, the company did not witness any disruption in 
domestic demand. The soda ash prices further soften by 7% quarter-on-quarter and stood at 
averaged at around Rs. 26,000 per tonne. However, the company was also operating at 85% 
capacity due to its gearbox failure. And as was informed to the exchanges, this situation will 
continue for the next couple of quarters. The company continues its journey to strengthen 
the specialty segment by commercializing the C-PVC expansion plan, which we initiated a 
year back and the effect of which has been partly witnessed in the 3rd Quarter and will 
gradually phase off in the coming quarters. The C-PVC sales volume for the quarter was 
highest for the company, resulting in a 25% increase in volumes quarter-on-quarter. The net 
realizations, however, corrected downwards with a decrease of 8% quarter-on-quarter. 
The SIOP sales volumes stood at 4,700 tonnes, showing early signs of recovery in the export 
demand. The prices more or less remained firm quarter-on-quarter. As Saatvik has also told, 
there was an unprecedented rain and water logging in the last 10 days of the quarter at the 
Tuticorin belt which resulted in loss of production and sales in our facility as well. The loss of 
stock on account for flood, however was limited since the company maintained adequate 
insurance coverage on its inventory as well as fixed assets. And the estimated impact of the 
same has been factored exceptional loss for the quarter. Further the disruption on account of 
the flood has resulted into spilling over of sales from quarter three to quarter four. 
The operating revenue for the company at quarter three stood at Rs. 398 crores, vis-à-vis the 
previous quarter at Rs. 415 crores, down by 4% and Q3 of the preceding year down by 32%. 
As discussed, the price erosion across all our product segments to the range of 8% to 10% 
barring SIOP, add a pressure on the top-line, but the revenues just did by 4% since volume 
increased both in caustic and PVC by 8% and in C-PVC by 25%. Coming to the operating 
profits, the EBITDA for Q3 from specialty segment as was mentioned earlier continued to be 
maintained at Rs. 32 crores as against Rs. 27 crores in quarter three of FY 2023. While the 

 
Page 4 of 10 
commodity segment clocked a loss of Rs. 8 crores which basically gives a swing from Rs. 18 
crores of profit in the last quarter. 
The nine-month number for the company is as follows, the top line is Rs. 1,250 crores for the 
company with an EBITDA of Rs. 125 crores. The finance cost clocked at Rs. 53 crores for the 
nine-months and again Rs. 107 crores a year ago. This was predominantly because of the 
refinancing activity which we undertook in September last year. Depreciation more or less 
remained flat at Rs. 69 crores and we have a profit before tax which is just Rs. 50 crores. 
With this, we request the participants to question any areas they would like to seek further 
clarification. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from KamayaKya Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, I just wanted to know, like in terms of revenue contributions, what would be your 
commodity chemicals and specialty chemicals, maybe in average percentage contribution. 
And how do you see that moving towards the specialty in the next two years to three years? 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, I think for the quarter gone by, as we discussed, the specialty chemicals which we 
basically add up, the SIOP and the C-PVC that EBITDA remained at Rs. 32 crores quarter-on-
quarter. I mean both the quarters are Rs. 32 crores. Last year the operating profits were 
around Rs. 27 crores. So, as we are adding volumes to our C-PVC segment and also SIOP going 
forward, I think the way we have previously guided as well, we see that the EBITDA 
contribution from the specialty in the outer two years would be north of 55%. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir in this PVC, caustic soda and soda ash, all the prices are corrected like heavily. Just wanted 
to know, do you see this as a bottom of the price cycle or just wanted to know your view, sir. 
Amitabh Gupta: 
Good afternoon. Amitabh Gupta here. You see, on the commodity, the prices are dependent 
upon, very much dependent upon the import of the product in India. Today, unfortunately, 
international prices, international markets are very, very weak, especially China economy 
doing very, very bad. So, the prices of these two products are not showing any signs of 
recovery. But this cannot last very long. And I think in the next three months, four months, 
we will see some recovery in commodity prices. So, I think in the next three months, four 
months, we will see some recovery in the prices of both soda ash and caustic soda. May not 
be very great, but then certainly it will be better than what it is today. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, just one last question. In your investor presentation, you mentioned the land bank of near 
to 2,500 acres. Sir, what would be the price of that? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Land bank price? 

 
Page 5 of 10 
Tushar Raghatate: 
The valuation might be. 
Saatvik Jain: 
Valuation. So, the land bank pricing, so you’re talking of fixed assets? 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Yes, you mentioned it was in Rs. 500 crores of acres of land available in your investor 
presentation. 
Saatvik Jain: 
Yeah. So, basically that’s your land bank which we have. We are carrying those land banks as 
parts in our books. Obviously, the valuation would be Rs. 1,400 crores put together for both 
the plants. This is the banking estimates which has been done last. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Damani from SKD 
Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, regarding caustic, how much of caustic also do we consume in-house or we entirely sell it 
outside only? 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, we do not consume caustic in-house, we entirely sell it out. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
How much chlorine is used by you as on today and in next quarter what are the estimate, the 
consumption in-house will go up for chlorine. Thank you. 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, basically we have been consuming around 60% - 65% of our chlorines in-house. The 30% - 
35% is where we are not balanced, we are selling it. Going forward as we ramp up our C-PVC 
capacity, the idea is basically to become chlorine neutral. So, with this capacity we would inch 
up to around 80% - 85% and the balance is what we need to continue to sell it in the market. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. Sir, do we also have to consume PVC for making C-PVC? And if yes, how much 
percentage of our production we consume in-house? 
Saatvik Jain: 
As of now we are in the process of testing our PVC because you need a special quality of PVC 
for using the C-PVC. So, R&D worked on to improve our product to fall in the quality 
requirements for C-PVC. So, if that happens, maybe in the next year we will consume close to 
10,000 tonnes of our PVC in-house.  
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. So, this thought has just now, I mean these days only this thought has come or it has 
been long that you are already working it on? 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, typically our first 10,000 tonnes of C-PVC what we are producing and selling historically 
was through a process which does not allow us to use our own PVC. Now, we have got into 
this expansion doubling of capacity where first of all our endeavor was to get the capacity 
and commercialize the product. Now we are doing R&D of using our own PVC in the new wet 

 
Page 6 of 10 
process and sell it. So, that’s the R&D which will take a quarter or six months for us to get 
comfortable with. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, in the last concall you had mentioned that you have some more ideas, you are doing a lot 
of R&D for producing certain more chemicals in the same complex. So, I mean, can you throw 
some light, is there any development? 
Saatvik Jain: 
I think we have always been maintaining a chance that first of all we have obviously certain 
projects or CAPEx’s in the pipeline. First of all, we have completed commercialized the C-PVC 
within a year’s as we have communicated to the market. SIOP, we will do the capitalization of 
18,000 tonnes to 28,000 tonnes by 31st of March. The benefits of which you will see in partly 
in this year and full-fledged for next year. Apart from that, whatever projects we have are 
more into the value-added segment and also keeping in mind that we have to become 
chlorine neutral. And as of now, it will be premature to mention what we are thinking. In next 
quarter, I think you can expect the communication from our side on the future readings. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you very much. And I think you have concluded, but currently, sir, I mean, caustic soda 
capacity utilization will increase in the next quarter or will it remain stagnant? 
Saatvik Jain: 
It should remain stagnant because we don’t see any immediate recovery in the caustic soda. 
Maybe from quarter one of next financial year, maybe we can see some improvements. For 
the benefit of the viewer as well, we just wanted to say that we have also invested in solar 
renewable energy to take care of 25% of our power requirement. That would have some 
significant benefits coming into our power cost, but that would only happen from quarter two 
of next year. That only will give us a leverage to go full capacity utilization per caustic, 
because as of now, we’re trying to balance the extra cloning utilization plus the C-PVC coming 
in, and this power cost reduction and we’ll see how well we can enhance the production. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, last time I had mentioned about roof top solar also within the factory premises. Is there 
anything being done for that? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Roof top solar doesn’t produce enough for our requirement. Plus, whatever is generated 
within the complex, you cannot bank. Because solar, the entire business model works on 
you’re having an ability to bank the additional generation for that which you can use when 
the solar is not getting generated. So, for that, essentially, there has to be an export of the 
surplus power, which is not allowed as per the current rules in the Tamil Nadu government. 
So far necessarily have to put a project outside your complex. By which you can draw the 
power through the grid and whatever is the surplus, you can bank and which you can utilize 
in the PM hours when there is no solar grid. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
This will be a set off from our consumption. And in Gujarat also, this is not suitable, sir, at our 
Dhrangadhra plant? 

 
Page 7 of 10 
Saatvik Jain: 
Gujarat, we don’t consume so much of power because Gujarat, our soda ash is more steam 
dependent. So, it makes no commercial sense for us to go for any solar, because our power 
requirement is not significant. In any case, we need to generate power for the sake of 
generating steam. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
For generating steam, these days, many people are shifting to LNG. I mean, if at all this is a 
feasible idea for us to save energy. 
Saatvik Jain: 
Firstly, it is appearing to be expensive. We are also evaluating, but it looks to be an expensive 
proposal as on date because the generation of power and steam is more cheaper in terms of 
generating only steam using LNG. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Largely, we use coal everywhere for our power requirement and steam requirement. Is that 
correct, sir? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Yes. Coal in Dhrangadhra, we use a combination of lignite and coal. Okay. In our Sahupuram 
complex, we use coal. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
That also fully imported, I think, we use fully imported only. 
Saatvik Jain: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sahil Jain, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Jain: 
So, a couple of questions from my side. So, the first one is when do you anticipate a recovery 
or improvement in the pricing dynamics for the chemical products? 
Saatvik Jain: 
See, we are seeing some early signs of some recovery, but like told by our CEO, I think we 
expect the price recovery to gradually happen somewhere from quarter one of next year. The 
demand remains strong, it is only the price what is really pulling us down. Because for all our 
products, we are seeing significant continuity of domestic demand. The only thing is because 
of dumping from most of China and other countries, we are seeing a pressure on our 
realization. 
Sahil Jain: 
Okay. And the other question is, do we anticipate further correction in the prices of chemicals 
in the coming quarters? 
Saatvik Jain: 
I don’t think so, there could be some marginal correction, but I think prices have more or less 
bottomed out. I think from henceforth, we will see some period of prices getting stable and 
then we can see, if the international demand improves, we can see some signs of a price 
recovery. First they need to get the prices stabilized, which we think that will happen in the 
next quarter. 

 
Page 8 of 10 
Sahil Jain: 
And also in the light of prevailing conditions in the chemical industry, could you provide 
insights into the company’s revenue guidance for FY 2025? 
Saatvik Jain: 
So, we would like to refrain from giving any guidance on the top-line or the bottom-line for 
the next year. All what we can say is that the C-PVC CAPEX what has been computed, in 
current year, you will get the benefits of a couple of months of revenue and bottom line. Next 
year, you have an annualization benefit of that. That means we would be having the benefits 
of C-PVC top-line and bottom-line going up. It’s a 35% margin business for us, even at current 
prices and we think that will boost significantly our bottom-line. Secondly, we have the SIOP 
capacity built up for 28,000 tonnes from 18,000 tonnes. And that’s also a 35% to 40% 
business for our into specialty segment. So, there is a runway of 7,000 tonnes and 8,000 
tonnes of additional production to be sold. So, I think the numbers would look significantly 
better even if the prices continue to be maintained at this level. 
We will also have the advantage of the power cost reduction by way of investment into the 
renewable. So, all put together, I think the numbers would look pretty much better than what 
we see today for our financials. The important thing is that we have got the work done this 
year, amidst all these problems, we have almost concluded all our projects and invested in 
the renewable. The benefits of this will get reaped in the next year financials. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Parth Vasani, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Parth Vasani: 
I just wanted to understand in terms of like, I was just trying to understand the realization for 
the caustic soda. So, the revenue that we made for Q3 is around Rs. 75 crores and the 
quantity is around 17,280 that I can see from the presentation. So, if I divide that then the 
realization generally comes around Rs. 43,500 crores. So, is it the right way of looking at it? 
Saatvik Jain: 
No. Caustic division comprises of revenue from all other projects as well. So, it is not let’s say 
only the caustic soda price. We also have synthetic rutile, chlorine, trichloroethylene, utox. 
There are many products which form part of the caustic division. So, it will not be prudent to 
divide the revenue by quantity. 
Parth Vasani: 
So, what would be the realization for Q3, if we can give? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Of what, come again? 
Parth Vasani: 
For caustic soda, what would be the realization in FY24? 
Saatvik Jain: 
It was around Rs. 30,000. 
Parth Vasani: 
Rs. 30,000. Okay, so that is the ECU after considering the ECU portion, right? 

 
Page 9 of 10 
Saatvik Jain: 
No, the ECU will be lower because this is accounting realization what we are talking because 
the chlorine will also have a separate realization. The loss of sell of chlorine has to be 
deducted from Rs. 30,000. 
Parth Vasani: 
And chlorine would be generally somewhere around Rs. 3,000 or Rs. 4,000 kind of a negative, 
right? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Yeah. 
Parth Vasani: 
And the second question, similar lines as I saw from the presentation, the C-PVC, the top line 
is around Rs. 51 crore in Q3 and the production quantity is around Rs. 4,000. So, the 
realization is that I derived so that comes to around Rs. 1,27,000 kind of a thing. So, is that 
the right way of looking it? 
Saatvik Jain: 
No, that may not be the right way because not all it produced would have got sold. So, I think 
that is not the right way. I think that the realization it will be, I would say, north of Rs. 130,000 
– Rs. 135,000. 
Parth Vasani: 
So, how much percentage it would have come compared to the last quarter? 
Saatvik Jain: 
It has come down by 8% quarter-on-quarter. 
Parth Vasani: 
8%? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Yes. 
Parth Vasani: 
Okay. And I mean, I can see the new plant that we have commissioned, that we have started 
getting the production from that as well, if I am not wrong, right? 
Saatvik Jain: 
Yes. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
Yes. 
Parth Vasani: 
Okay. And by what time do you expect that also to ramp up similar to what we need? 
Saatvik Jain: 
We have commissioned the plant on 31st October to be precise. And then I think we had only 
30 -35 clear working days because we were lost 10-12 days for plant and all those and there 
will be a gradual ramping up. What we expect is that quarter four we would see around for 
the new facility around 50%, 60% phased up. And maybe from quarter one of next year you 
see the full capacity sold out in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 10 of 10 
Saatvik Jain: 
We hope, that we have answered all your questions. And if you have any further questions or 
would like to know or ask about the company, please reach out to our IR manager’s Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you. 
Pradipto Mukherjee: 
Thank you. 
Saatvik Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DCW Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines.  
