January 20, 2024 
 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE SCRIP Code: 543425 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: MAPMYINDIA 
 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript for Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to our letter dated January 6, 2024, please find enclosed herewith 
communication relating to Q3 FY2024 Earning Call. The said conference call with 
Institutional Investor / Analyst was held on January 16, 2024 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
The aforesaid information is also disclosed on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.mapmyindia.com 
 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Surendra Somani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Saurabh 
Surendra 
Somani
Digitally signed 
by Saurabh 
Surendra Somani 
Date: 2024.01.20 
19:08:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“C.E. Info Systems Limited 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH VERMA – CO-FOUNDER AND 
CHAIRMAN –MAPMYINDIA 
MR. ROHAN VERMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – MAPMYINDIA 
MR. ANUJ JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MAPMYINDIA 
MR. SAURABH SOMANI – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – MAPMYINDIA 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHOBIT SINGHAL – ANAND RATHI SHARES AND 
STOCK BROKERS 
 
 
 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the C.E. Info Systems, MapmyIndia Q3 FY'24 
Earnings Call hosted by Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Anand Rathi Institutional Equities, we welcome you all 
to Q3 FY'24 Conference Call of C.E. Info Systems, MapmyIndia. We have with us today Mr. 
Rakesh Verma, Co-Founder and Chairman of the company; Mr. Rohan Verma, CEO and 
Executive Director of the company; Mr. Anuj Jain, CFO; and Saurabh Somani, Company 
Secretary. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rakesh Verma for his opening remarks. Post that, we will 
open the floor for Q&A session. So thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Thank you, Shobit, and welcome all the participants in today's earnings call for Q3 '24 for 
MapmyIndia. We are happy that MapmyIndia crossed for the first time a milestone of INR100 
crores-plus quarterly total income and again achieved an all-time high in revenue in Q3 FY'24, 
growing 36% year-on-year to INR92 crores, while year-to-date revenue has touched INR272.5 
crores. EBITDA in Q3 FY'24 grew 38% to INR38.6 crores and year-to-date grew 32% to 
INR116.6 crores with overall year-to-date EBITDA margin at 43%. 
Year-to-date, Map-led EBITDA margin remained strong at 55.1%. IoT-led EBITDA margin has 
expanded to 10% in Q3 FY'24 versus 8.2% in Q2 FY'24 and 6.3% in Q1 FY'24 and year-to-date 
stands at 8.2%, expanding 730 bps year-on-year. Year-to-date PAT is robust at INR96.2 crores, 
growing 21% year-on-year with PAT margin at 32%. 
Q4 FY'24 will also be very exciting as we foresee the future. Not just we are happy with the 
growth of our core B2B and B2B2C business, we are also pleased to see our consumer business 
take shape with increased brand awareness and product uptake.  
A little more depth into what I said just now. 
Revenue for the nine months year-to-date FY'24 was at INR272.5 crores with a healthy growth 
of 30% year-on-year. Q3 FY'24 revenue hit all-time high of INR92 crores, driven by higher 
growth in C&E market. EBITDA margins expanded by 50 bps to 43% in 9MFY'24 versus 
9MFY'23. EBITDA and PAT grew by 32% to INR116.6 crores and 21% to INR96.2 crores, 
respectively, for the year-to-date 9MFY'24 year-on-year.  
Cash and cash equivalents at INR516.1 crores at the end of the quarter despite dividend payout. 
I would just like to help all the participants with a clarification in the sense that the information 
that we have submitted on the stock exchange and the investor presentation, we stick to our 42% 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 3 of 17 
 
EBITDA for this quarter, while some of the calculations in the absence of not having the full 
information is being mainly calculated at 39% for Q3. The reason is we had taken a provision 
for approximately INR2.5 crores in the previous period, and we have been able to sell those 
inventories into the market, resulting in removal of that provision from our P&L. We booked 
that in the other income category rather than reducing the expenses. So, what you see other 
income of INR822 crores in the previous quarter, it shows as mainly INR11,54,00,000 in the Q3 
of FY'24. What one has to do is subtract INR2.5 crores from that INR11 crores in order to arrive 
at the correct EBITDA. I just thought it would help you understand why the EBITDA is 42%. 
As regards to IoT business, as I said before, we are seeing a continuous improvement in the 
EBITDA of IoT business from 6.3% in Q1 to 8.2% in Q2 to 10% in Q3. Now one side, the 
revenue growth is happening in IoT. The other side, the EBITDA margin is improving. So, all 
this is telling us that our strategy of the IoT business, along with Map-led business, is giving us 
good dividends. 
I think with this, I will close my opening remarks and let Rohan talk further more in detail about 
the business. 
Rohan Verma: 
Thank you, Mr. Verma. Good evening, everybody. This is Rohan here. Like he said, we're 
excited about Q4 FY'24. We've got a strong order book build up based on very large new wins. 
And we look forward to sharing those developments with you soon. 
Year-to-date revenue growth was broad-based. A&M was up 19.5% and C&E is up 43.1%, on 
the market side. Map & Data was up 37.6% and Platform & IoT was up 26.5%, on the product 
side. We've had multiple wins and go-lives in Q3 across our Auto OEM NCASE suite, covering 
maps and IoT. And as I said, there's an exciting funnel ahead for that. Also, on the consumer 
tech enterprises and government side, we've had multiple wins and go-lives covering both Map-
led and IoT-led digital transformation. 
As regards to brand and B2C, we started a strong 360-degree marketing push for our consumer 
business. This has been highly effective as well as cost-efficient in increasing the Mappls 
MapmyIndia brand awareness and product traction as I hope all of you as consumers and 
interested citizens may have noticed. We're happy to see the start of ad revenue monetization of 
our app as well as sales growth of our gadgets. 
So let me take you through A&M in a little bit more detail. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, it grew 
12.5%. This is ahead of industry volume growth. And just to share, our Auto OEM licenses in 
9MFY'24 have crossed the previous full year FY'23 already. 
We've had multiple wins and go-lives. For example, a large Indian four-wheeler OEM, existing 
customer of ours for more than a decade, signed up for even more multiple new vehicle models 
across ICE and EV. And their new EV four-wheeler has also gone live. So that's an exciting 
continuity and expansion for us.  
A European two-wheeler OEM signed up for navigation with us. And there have been multiple 
go-lives for multiple EV two-wheeler OEMs.  

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 4 of 17 
 
And then on video telematics for employee transport safety as well as tracking of employee 
transport vehicles from large manufacturing companies, we've been doing in the mobility area. 
And also, revenue from OEMs for our Mappls KOGO travel assistant and commerce solution 
has started. And of course, there will be this large win in Auto OEM space that we'll share with 
you soon. 
On the C&E side, it's actually seen a sharp growth of 70.9% in this quarter. And this is based on 
nature of certain contracts. And hence, between A&M and C&E, we always see this kind of 
balance, overall leading to a strong revenue growth. And it doesn't bother us too much when one 
or the other has a slight dip or a slight increase. Overall, this is what we have looked for. And 
growth in C&E remains strong at 43.1% on year-to-date, year-on-year basis. 
Multiple wins across industries, as I said, including for defense and drones. A large e-commerce 
and D2C sector companies have signed up for our map APIs to cover better address capture, 
location-based personalization and map-driven user experience improvement. We have seen 
drone 3D mapping and risk monitoring for large logistics company warehouse as well as 
payment in fintech industry for location data-based scoring. 
A win for IoT-led logistics monitoring, including control tower solutions across cement, sugar 
and steel industries and also for the PMGSY road construction and food/civil supplies 
distribution monitoring. Also, the government's Viksit Bharat campaign, where they are 
promoting all the schemes and campaigns pan-India, this is using our Map-led and IoT-led 
solutions, showing how we are an integral part of the governance digital transformation. And 
also, for UP State Tourism & Ayodhya Metaverse, we've had business wins and delivered that. 
So we're happy to be generating revenue from that area as well. 
Map & Data and Platform & IoT have been seeing steady growth as well, on the product side. 
And our investments in both these categories, of course, continues full hog. On the B2C side, 
we saw our brand and app see traction in Q3, a strong ATL and BTL marketing push. As you 
can see, we did ads in mainstream cricket, in TV news. We've done BTL at point of sale through 
on-ground events and outreach as well as you must be seeing us on social media as well as 
moment marketing like during the Cricket World Cup, we were there with the Metaverse, etc. 
Our Mappls app, which is India's own maps app, seeing strong fit and traction with users through 
our own India-specific road safety features. And we're doing multiple MoUs with traffic police. 
And finally, as I said, our in-app advertising revenue was kick started. We did a great campaign 
along with Cadbury’s, where they were promoting local businesses, entrepreneurs on Mappls. It 
was only done on Mappls, not on any other map or map app. And this is a win-win-win for 
consumers, for the client brand as well as Mappls. 
So with that, I'll turn it back to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now being the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers. Please go ahead. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Yes. Thank you. Sir, I have two questions from my side. Sir, in Q2 earnings call, sir, you have 
given a revenue growth guidance of around 40% for FY'24. So right now, if I see nine months, 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 5 of 17 
 
we have done around 31% kind of year-on-year growth. So are we still maintaining this revenue 
growth guidance? 
Rohan Verma: 
Shobit, the first and foremost thing that we shared in June '23 was our overall visibility of and 
planned goal to cross INR1,000 crores in the next four to five years, FY'27, FY'28. And that, if 
you see, comes out to be at 35% to 40% CAGR. 
Rakesh Verma: 
No, depending on four years or five years. 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes, depending on four years or five years. So that extrapolated down to every year is a number 
that can come out. We are still gunning for our targets. There's nothing that has changed. We are 
quite excited for Q4. But I mean, holding us to a specific number when we have given an overall 
guidance, I think is going to be difficult or challenging. But yes, we are still gunning for it. We 
think that Q4 will be exciting. But also, our aim is, first and foremost, to be well positioned for 
the next four to five years. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Okay. And also, you have spoken about the consumer advertisement income. So how do you see 
the revenue contribution from it going forward, though right now, it's on an initial stage? 
Rohan Verma: 
It's on initial stage, but it's quite promising. And this is why we are keen to further invest in our 
consumer business. It has multiple benefits for the company. Stand-alone, it's an interesting 
business but also the synergy with our B2B, with more people using our products, the data that 
we generate and the benefit it has to our B2B business. So we do see that going hand-in-hand as 
the consumer business and consumer awareness, consumer usage increases. There is built-in 
monetization through ads, through gadget subscription, gadget sales and other commerce 
activities that we'll be able to leverage. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. So that's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from Alchemy Capital 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on your marketing and business 
promotion expenses. We've typically done about INR20 crores to INR25 crores every quarter 
since we have started reporting numbers. This quarter, it was about INR50 crores. So I just 
wanted to get a sense on what should be the outlook there, given that you're going aggressive 
for advertising matters. 
The second question is you spoke about monetization of the same. So is there a possibility that 
you could quantify what was the revenue from sales of gadgets and ad sales because of Mappls 
for nine months or quarter, whatever data you would like to share on that front? Thank you so 
much. 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes. Vimal, I'll clarify. Our marketing and business promotion expense for Q3 was INR5.3 
crores, not INR50 crores. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Yes, I'm sorry. Yes, it's INR5.3 crores, my bad. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Rohan Verma: 
INR5.3 crores. And if you look at stand-alone, you'll get a better sense, it's INR4 crores, which 
as I told you was all about the ATL and BTL activities that we are doing. So I think the value 
that we've got in is quite cost-effective. I don't know how many companies are able to be creative 
with their ATL/BTL, social, online, offline, cricket, TV news, which are mainstream, yet spend 
such less but get large bang on the buck. So that's on marketing. 
And we continue to be efficient, creative, etc, to try to drive a lot more awareness in a controlled 
cost manner. And so the number is quite small, as you can see, compared to the overall numbers 
of revenue, etc. And as for the monetization value of the ad sales, it's right now small. It's not a 
severe number, but it's also not a number yet that is worth talking about from a materiality point 
of view. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
So just to clarify or rather a follow-up over there, Rohan. When you say it's been very cost-
effective, what are the benchmarks that we're using when you say cost-effective? Is it the revenue 
that you are getting? Or what exactly are we looking for? 
Rohan Verma: 
Now the focus is brand awareness and consumer reach or consumer download. So we look at 
what is the reach, what is the awareness of the number of people who now know Mappls 
MapmyIndia versus what they knew a quarter or two quarters ago. That has significantly 
expanded. If you ask in your circles or when you do these dipsticks, there will be a vast difference 
in the awareness now versus earlier. 
Of course, we had announced kind of in the previous quarter, the milestone we crossed when it 
comes to the Mappls app downloads. I think we had announced last quarter that we had crossed 
10Mn on Android and 1Mn on iOS, so 11 in total. We're not announcing the numbers for this 
quarter, but we are quite happy with it. And so on all those metrics of brand awareness and the 
app traction is how we look at cost-effectiveness versus the amount we are spending. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
All right. Thank you so much. I'll join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So I have a few questions. Firstly, if you can highlight the 
reason for increase in the cloud hosting charges, so now the run rate has come to INR4-odd 
crores. And how should we look at it going forward? 
Rohan Verma: 
You mean the communication, including cloud hosting expenses, right? 
Anmol Garg: 
Yes, that's it. 
Rohan Verma: 
INR3.94 crores. Yes, see, over time, it will increase. I mean, I would not say it will increase in 
line with revenue or any such thing. There's a lot of optimization that we continuously do. And 
it's a mix of public cloud and private data centers, hybrid cloud. So there's a lot of optimization 
at the engineering side that we have that we can do. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So it will increase, obviously, as the size and scope of our business and of our technology 
deployment, whether on B2B or B2C increases, whether API calls or NCASE calls or digital 
transformation calls or app calls. It will increase. But there's enough engineering leverage we 
have to control this. Because public cloud is not the only way to go. I think we have enough 
expertise on private kind of deployments, etce. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, sure. Also Rohan, if you can indicate how much of our auto revenue is coming now from 
the EV segment. Because we talked about a couple of wins in this quarter and last quarter as 
well. And if you can also highlight if there is any price difference between EVs and passenger 
vehicles for our maps. 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes. EVs require more services from us, more features. So the realization can be higher in EVs 
versus ICE vehicles. EVs across four-wheelers and two-wheelers, if you look at the overall 
portfolio, I mean, even if you look at the industry, forget about us, I don't know what the total 
base, how much percentage it is. It's in the single digits if you look at the industry. 
So for us, I mean, our attach rates in EVs is let's say it’s in a similar proportion, but I wouldn't 
know and I don't want to give. But outside, I don't specifically know right now what is the exact 
share in our business of EV and non-EV. It's just that almost every EV getting launched or is 
planned to be launched now in the industry is going with our solution. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. And also, previously, you have highlighted some parts on the international expansion. So 
are you planning to build more comprehensive maps for our neighbouring countries, which 
might require more on-ground people to collect address and data? Or are we planning to take 
our solutions based on the current maps that we already have? So just wanted to get a view on 
how we are trying to expand internationally. 
Rohan Verma: 
See, international, we have a couple of legs. Our software stack itself is quite powerful, right? I 
mean, in India, we are doing map, we are doing software, we are doing IoT and then we'll do 
drones. So there's like four legs to our business if you look at it from a map, data, then software, 
then IoT, hardware and then drone-based solutions. 
In international, we have the option to go with customers in different geographies with any or 
multiple parts of our offerings. So each of these have different levels of either investment 
required as well as return. And the general approach that we've taken is, yes, we are product-
first, but we are also customer-led. So we are working with our customers who want to work 
with us internationally, based on what solutions they need. And when we have these customers, 
it gives us a reason to build out the solution that they need from us. It is not necessarily that they 
want a map from us. It is, in many cases now internationally, they are choosing to work with us 
because our software is world-class. And as part of our software solution, if we also have to 
enhance the global map that we already have and you know that we have anyway created maps 
for 8, 10, 12 other countries outside of India in the last multiple years. 
And for rest of 180, 190, 200 other countries and territories, we have complied or integrated the 
map into our solution to make it global. So if they require us to enhance that, we will do that. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 8 of 17 
 
But software itself is something that customers are already asking for. And where they will ask 
for map, we will do that as well. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, Rohan. And lastly, if you can indicate that should we assume that advertisement cost would 
be in the INR5 crores sort of quarterly range? Or it can again come down in the next few 
quarters? 
Rohan Verma: 
It's calibrated every quarter. I'm not going to give you specific numbers. We really look at that 
quarter, what our objectives are, what is the marketing mix or spend mix, I would say, and will 
it help us achieve our objectives. So, it's not that we pre-decide that we will spend this much 
money. Besides overall macro financials for the company, but also we're looking at what is our 
objective for that quarter and what do we need to achieve that. So it's a bit calibrated quarter-by-
quarter. 
Anmol Garg: 
 
Sure. Thanks, Rohan. I'll join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Sharma from MC Pro Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Yes, hi. Congrats on good set of numbers. Two questions. First of all, I would want to understand 
with the increase in the engagement with the government, how should we see the revenue 
contribution from the government to the overall top line for, say, next one to two years? 
Rohan Verma: 
Yes. I mean, it's really good that the government is having a digital transformation agenda. So 
that way, our maps and technologies are increasingly relevant in the government space. But 
we've told you some principles that we follow before and when we look at government business. 
We go in as an OEM, a product and platform company. Second is we focus on the quality of 
government business that we want to pick up because not just in our industry also or at least on 
the services side, I mean, there's not many product platform companies. But you have seen how 
people, when they don't look at the quality of business, what happens to their financials. So we 
are careful on what quality of business we are picking up. 
In many cases, we work with systems integrators. So we are kind of dealers a little bit, and also, 
it's not going to be a large proportion of our overall business. I mean, that kind of portfolio 
between automotive, corporate, government, retail is something that we keep in mind. So we 
pick as much business and there is more business to be had. But we are able to pick and choose 
and compete where we want to compete. 
Nitin Sharma: 
So is it fair to assume that you will continue to remain 5% to 10% kind of a range or it has 
increased? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, let me add a little flavor to this, this 5%, 6% was something historical. Now if you're 
asking me how much it can go up, it depends on the kind of business we pick up from the 
government. As Rohan said very clearly, it's the product mix, it's the quality of that particular 
opportunity. We are very selective in picking up the businesses. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 9 of 17 
 
We just don't do any CVs, one. Second, we always do things based on revenue-based projects 
or work in the government. So that's why you may not be noticing us in some of the areas, which 
probably do not excite us. It's not a question whether we have the technology or not. We do 
have. But we don't try to get into those and waste our time. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Understood. Secondly, the drone 3D mapping and risk monitoring business that you won with a 
large logistics company, can you please help us understand how is it? Is it a one-time business 
or is it annuity based? Some color around that would be helpful. 
Rohan Verma: 
I mean see, once somebody starts wanting to do these continuous inspections and monitoring, it 
starts becoming a recurring business. But obviously, this drone business starts off with first time 
and then as it becomes part of their SOPs to do the risk assessment, and risk assessment can't be 
a one-time activity. It has to continuously happen. So, at this stage, it's early stage with that 
customer, it's also not fully deployed across. There are also n number of upsells there in terms 
of multiple warehouses, multiple yards, and then multiple times. And then there's additional 
upsells of the software stack with that for analytics and other things, which are non-drone-based. 
So it's good that we are having these multiple entry points or multiple use cases across different 
products, for that same customer or different customers. 
That's what's exciting to us about our business that using this, we got into this customer, who 
was not a customer before. But we know there are n number of more things to upsell. And even 
within the drone, there's a recurring business that can happen. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moez Chandani from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Moez Chandani: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
You are audible, sir. Please go ahead. 
Moez Chandani: 
Yes, sure. Good evening and thank you for taking my question. So my first question was on 
KOGO and Indrones. So can you just give a sense of how you're looking to monetize these 
products and also how soon do you expect them to become profitable? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, you asked about KOGO and Indrones. KOGO is in one kind of a business and Indrones is 
in another kind of business. Now we invested there with the clear objective that it will help us 
in our ecosystem, the businesses to grow in their respective areas. To be specific, Kogo has to 
do with Mappls App on one side. Indrones has to do with our drone business, it can kind of 
become a pillar to our drone business. So, both of them are startups. They will take some time 
to grow their business. And with time, we should be able to leverage them. 
Rohan Verma: 
I'll say it in my way or a different way. See, drone is an important pillar for us as a company. 
Mr. Verma talked about it multiple times, maps, IoT and the third pillar, drones. Even 4, 5 years 
ago, we had an investment in a drone company. And even now, we have this investment in 
Indrones. Our objective as MapmyIndia is to become a serious significant leader in the drone 
area. That's a combination of organic and inorganic. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Investments in companies are just one way to learn. That's not the only play that we have in 
drone business. And we are seeing MapmyIndia's own ability to generate business through 
drones in the last 1, 1.5 years, standalone supplying drones to the client, doing drone as a service 
solutions or incorporating drone into our overall smart city GIS or 3D digital twin solution, 
which is paid, we are earning money from. 
All of that is happening. So doing an inorganic investment has multiple reasons. One is it could 
be looked at from a financial point of view. It could be looked at from a capability point of view 
or even a learning point of view. So overall, if our drone business is growing, we are happy 
about that. 
And as for the KOGO part goes, as Mr. Verma said, one aspect is it's an AI-powered travel 
assistant and commerce solution, allowing people a new way to travel, a new way to book, 
discover, plan and book travel. This will be a great kind of add-on to Mappls App, a capability 
that isn't there in our competitors. You can think of it like a ChatGPT for travel with commerce, 
bookings, etc. And it's also a great add-on to our automotive NCASE solutions, which we have 
been able to give to OEMs. 
So overall, if it is satisfying that requirement, that itself is good for us. Because Mappls App, 
our consumer business will grow and our automotive business will grow. Then beyond that, how 
the financial investment pans out, how their stand-alone business pans out, those are add-ons 
that we look at. 
Moez Chandani: 
Sure, okay. Thank you for that. Also on your consumer mapping business, so you mentioned 
that downloads have been particularly strong. But is there any data point in terms of MAUs or 
DAUs that you can share with us for the Mappls App? 
Rohan Verma: 
Fairly engaged audience. As you can imagine, navigation is quite a frequent use case. It's not 
just to download and not do anything use case. And even for gadgets, if you’ve bought and 
invested in a gadget who you want to use to monitor your vehicle, you can imagine, it's a highly 
engaged audience. So we are tracking those. At the appropriate time, we will start sharing those 
on a more frequent basis. 
We wanted to give a sense last quarter that we have reached a certain size and scale. And we've 
only been growing since then on all metrics when it comes to downloads and usage or 
engagement. And as we kind of strengthen the focus on consumer business, then those things 
also we'll start tracking and reporting. 
Moez Chandani: 
All right, great. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Majid Ahamed from Smart Sync Investment 
Advisory Services. Please go ahead. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Sir, you are not very clear, sir. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Majid Ahamed: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
This is a little better, so please go ahead. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Yes, yes. Thanks for the opportunity, really good numbers. So my first question is how far is the 
client retention in the automotive business? And I need a breakup of client retention as well as 
new customers or new clientele that's coming to the automotive business? So that's the first 
question. 
Rohan Verma: 
I think all the OEMs that we have worked with, we are working with,  
Rakesh Verma: 
You are asking about retention? If you look at even just last two, three years. I will say its 100%. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Okay. That's good. And secondly, the question that I have is as far as the UI experience of the 
Mappls software that you have, I think when I saw some of your reviews, some of the locations 
and everything that's out, how far are you going to improve the experience? 
When I saw some of the locations, the location review, this was the feedback, how far are you 
to improve those tech platforms going forward so that it becomes more robust, and it increases 
network effects for the customers? 
Rohan Verma: 
I mean, I think if you look at kind of the qualitative and quantitative reviews on social media, 
App Store, Play Store for Mappls App, you'll be fairly happy as a whole. People are really loving 
it. But to answer your question, is the map ever perfect? The answer is no. That is our continuous 
endeavor, to keep updating and enhancing and improving the map. And also, on the same time 
is the software perfect? My answer is again no. We can keep improving our UI, our UX, our 
features, our bugs. And this is a continuous engineering effort to build new things but also to 
keep the existing things improving. So there's a long road map that we have that we want to 
achieve. And hence, you are seeing every few weeks new updates going out on Play Store and 
App Store. 
And also on the map, of course, we have this monthly release cycle as well as real-time rich 
release cycle, like for example, when this Mumbai bridge opened, the MTHL, Atal Setu, the 
moment it was inaugurated by the PM, it was there on our map, available for people to navigate. 
Whereas in others, you wouldn't have seen that. 
And the other thing is we also updated the toll information so that when people were kind of 
doing their time and toll fee cost/benefit analysis, they could see that on Mappls, which they 
couldn't see on others. So I mean, it's a continuous effort. And we have to keep working on it. 
Any feedback to us via social media or otherwise, we're now getting it and teams get on to it 
immediately on Map or software. 
Majid Ahamed: 
That's great. Last and final question, I just wanted to get more information about the use cases 
of the NBFCs and the food delivery business. I just want a little more detail on it. 
Rohan Verma: 
We talked about a lot of use cases covering this e-commerce, covering BFSI sector, I think you 
can refer to that. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Majid Ahamed: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ridhima Goyal from Acquaint Bee 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Hi, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. I have two questions. One is I just wanted 
to know what is the repeat business from the automotive and mobility segment customers? Like 
for example, if Mahindra & Mahindra has your map services, then how frequent they come with 
you and get the map on their vehicle? 
Rohan Verma: 
I mean, I think for every vehicle that they produce from the factory for that model, I mean, not 
naming any specific OEMs, goes built-in with our solution. And then the updates happen through 
the software, through the cloud. I mean, mostly nowadays, it's connected vehicle. So nowadays, 
for new vehicles that are rolling out, updates are happening from the cloud. 
But still, there's a large legacy of vehicles where the updates have to happen through the service 
center, etc, where people have to go in and they'll flash the new update. But more and more, you 
will see over the next 1, 2, 3 years, all of this happen real-time, just like it happens in our app. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
So we do contract with them for particular model. And for every new model, we have to do a 
new contract. Is it right? 
Rohan Verma: 
The platform which has multiple models, and so it's not specifically sometimes every model. A 
platform could cover multiple models. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Understood. And just wanted to know like what is our mix between fixed and variable income 
in terms of both these segments, automotive and this C&E part? Like how much is coming from 
the fixed part of revenue and how much is coming from the variable, like per vehicle or per app 
or per delivery kind of thing? 
Rohan Verma: 
I think if you look at A&M, a large amount will be volume-based. And if you look at C&E, it's 
a mix. I mean, specific numbers anyways, I think we share yearly, annually with the order book, 
etc, but just to give you some flavor on it. 
Rakesh Verma: 
See, overall, if you think of MapmyIndia, I mean, overall, there might be exceptions. That it is 
always annuity SaaS kind of a business, where even if it is automotive, the vehicle that comes 
out, if I signed up a 5-year contract and for every vehicle that leaves the factory, I'm getting x 
rupees, it’s kind of annuity from a conceptual perspective. So that's how MapmyIndia's future 
business is pretty much predictable. Until the time something new happens, then that adds more 
to the flavor. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Okay. So is it like we enter for a 5-year period and the customer will give annuity every year for 
one particular vehicle only? 
Rakesh Verma: 
No, no, if an automotive OEM is going to sell 100,000 vehicles over 5 years, and every year, 
they're selling 20,000 vehicles, then every year on a monthly basis, they will give us x amount 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 13 of 17 
 
of money for those 20,000 vehicles. I just told you that on a conceptual basis, you think of 
annuity or you think of in terms of volume-based contract. 
Rohan Verma: 
I mean, but there are per vehicle per month or per vehicle per year fees also. So I mean, it's not 
as straightforward. 
Rakesh Verma: 
I think generally, you take it like that at this point of time. In the future, you'll be hearing also 
that add-on thing, where there might be additional revenue coming from certain services that's 
being rendered on top of this. But at this point of time, that's what you can consider. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
Okay, understood. And my second question is related to your drone business. Actually, I'm not 
getting it. Like how are we monetizing our drone business revenue? Is it like we are selling 
drones to the customer or we have our own drones and we are just doing maybe any kind of 
analytics that we are selling? How is it working? 
Rohan Verma: 
That's a mix of three ways. Yes, we are selling drones to customers who want the drone. The 
second is we are providing drone-based services or drone-based analytics, as we put it, where 
customers, for example, they don't want to buy the drone, they want the output based on the 
drone data selected. And the third is we monetize as part of our overall solution that we have to 
give to the customer, where drone is one way of data collection, let's put it like that. So all three 
ways, we are able to. So we have our own drones, we sell drones at times and we provide 
solutions based on drones. 
Ridhima Goyal: 
And how much is the... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt ma'am we request you to please rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. The 
next question is from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy: from Ampersand. Please go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Hi sir, thanks a lot for the opportunity. Can you hear me? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Yes. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Yes. Sir, my question is that the company balance sheet has so much cash. And still, the company 
is looking at almost INR500 crores of equity capital fundraising. Can I just hear your thoughts 
on that in terms of what are the kind of deployment that you are looking at in terms of capex or 
anything else? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, yes, the company has INR500 crores, it has generated over the last x number of years from 
its own internal accrual. Now for that, the company gave a nice plan, a road map saying that we 
want to achieve INR1,000 crores revenue over the next 4, 5 years. So this is one part. The 
company historically has always worked on the next 5, 10 years and that's the kind of a thinking 
the company has had always. So in the current context, we came up with this whole thinking 
that if we want to grow in the international market, if we want to really accelerate the drone 
business, if we want to get active into the consumer business, then there would be money 
required for these businesses, which will help us not just in the next 5 years but beyond 5 years. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So what we might end up after raising this fund is over the next 2, 3 years, we will invest this 
amount organically or inorganically so that our business gets built for the subsequent 5, 10 years 
again. So that's the reason we are doing it. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Understood. And sir, my second question is that in your opening remarks as well as press release, 
you have mentioned that you are really excited about quarter 4. And in fact, you had mentioned 
that at the end of previous quarter as well. Is there anything more to it in terms of the specifics 
that you can share with us? Or is it just that it's a subjective thing you have mentioned? 
Rakesh Verma: 
So when we say we are excited or we are happy about what's going to happen in Q4, we had 
mentioned it in the last earnings call also that H2 is always better than H1. And also, we have 
mentioned that Q4 is always better than Q3. These are some of the statements we have made last 
time also. Obviously, certain things happen in Q4 and that's why we mentioned that we are 
excited about Q4 also. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
So nothing extraordinary or different from the historical trends? 
Rakesh Verma: 
No, not historical, otherwise, also we say that Q4 is always better. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Understood. Thanks a lot sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Thawani: from Clear Blue Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Thawani: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. I was just reading the road map to INR1,000 crores. And 
I was looking at the biggest contributor, I believe, is the mobility segment. Can you just quantify 
the opportunity at INR6,000 crores? And can you also quantify the addressable market at 34 
crores devices with the industry adoption of 3 crore devices. Can you tell me what kind of 
devices are we talking about out here? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Okay. First, let me help you understand. When we said to look at the mobility part of it that we 
talked about that there is a INR9,000 crores addressable market. You can explain, no problem. 
Rohan Verma: 
You're talking about the mobility market. I mean, we talked about multiple markets: automotive, 
corporate, government and mobility/IoT, you can think of it like that. And we talked about 
overall addressable market for us, which we are focused on, is INR8,700 crores, out of which 
we want to get a INR1,000 crores-plus. 
In that mobility, what is it we are selling? We are selling these IoT devices, GPS trackers, video 
telematics or dash cameras, infotainment systems, bike, smart bike gadgets, etc. So for four-
wheelers, two-wheelers or for trucks, we are selling these devices and then we are selling 
subscriptions along with it.  
So if you look at kind of our IoT business, you're seeing that being reported in the last, I would 
say, 7-odd, 8 quarters. And you are seeing how the IoT business has been growing quite fast. 
And also, you're seeing the margin improvement quarter-on-quarter. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 15 of 17 
 
The base of vehicles that exist in the market is in the order of 300-plus million vehicles, so 30 
crores-plus vehicles. And out of that, we believe the target market for us will be 10% of that, 
which means 3 million. That's the target market. Out of that, we will generate some x amount of 
money, which will contribute to that INR1,000 crores between automotive, corporate, 
government and mobility. 
And so I hope that gives you a sense. I mean, if you have seen the numbers, IoT-led business 
year-to-date is about INR70 crores out of INR270 crores. That extrapolated over the next 4, 5 
years, INR70 crores on INR270 crores is about 25%. So that extrapolated on INR1,000 crores 
will start giving you some sense of what we are talking. 
Amit Thawani: 
So is it fair to say that logistics will be the primary customer, logistics companies and... 
Rohan Verma: 
See, the sub-segments we've talked about, people mobility and goods mobility, logistics is goods 
mobility. And so each of them has their own. So yes, logistics is definitely one large segment 
when it comes to the usage of this technology. Across industry, logistics, not just as an industry 
but logistics for across industry. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Actually, when you think of this mobility, think of that the other three segments we talked about 
automotive, corporate and government. This mobility can go into any of those three plus also in 
the consumer side. So that's the way you should try to read it. 
Amit Thawani: 
And is this mostly data generation-based business? Or is this more... 
Rohan Verma: 
IoT device and SaaS subscriptions. 
Amit Thawani: 
Okay, SaaS subscriptions got it. Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhivesh Mehta from 3P Investment Managers. 
Dhivesh Mehta: 
Hello sir am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Sir you are audible. Please go ahead. 
Dhivesh Mehta: 
My question will be largely on the IoT segment. If you look at the sale of hardware revenue for 
the last 3 quarters, it has been somewhat flattish. So is there any change in the sales strategy? 
Because while we've improved our EBITDA margin, the sale of hardware revenue should also 
scale up also for incremental average revenue flows, right? That's the first question. 
Second question is have you looked at the AIS 140 devices? Is that an incremental opportunity 
for us? Or do we already cover it with the regulation regarding that? 
Rakesh Verma: 
So that AIS 140 you said is part of that mobility for the logistics for the goods transport, you can 
take it there. 
Rohan Verma: 
Any commercial vehicle. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Rakesh Verma: 
Any commercial vehicle could be our customer, if you want to look at it that way. And we have 
the opportunities in that space also. And things are happening in the right way. See, the whole 
IoT business, as you see, the EBITDA is moving in the right way, going up to 10%. The basic 
reason is the more the SaaS revenue is kicking in and the operating leverage is happening, the 
EBITDA will keep going up. And that's our sales strategy. 
Dhivesh Mehta: 
But sir, like the sale of hardware revenue should also gradually increase, right? Because it has 
been at the same run rate. Or if you can share like AIS 140, what would be the mix of the devices 
you have sold? Is it a meaningful share or not? What is the opportunity here? 
Rohan Verma: 
Dhivesh, this is something we control and we calibrate. The sales strategy is to cover both growth 
and profitability. It's something our teams are capable of doing both. It's something where we 
focus our energy in each quarter. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Also, keep in mind, we are just not an IoT company that I have to only drive the revenue growth 
for IoT. The calibration and controlling every quarter becomes part of the sales strategy. 
Dhivesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Hello good evening. First of all happy new year to the entire team. Sir, my first question is the 
additional marketing expense that we incurred this quarter. Was this absorbed in Map-led 
segment alone and nothing on the IoT side? 
Rohan Verma: 
We don't look at it like that yet, I mean, Sarang... 
Rakesh Verma: 
It was absorbed in Map-led to answer your question. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Yes, because you report EBITDA margin separately, so I was just wondering. 
Rohan Verma: 
Oh, my bad. Sorry, I said it wrong, Mr. Verma corrected me.  
Rakesh Verma:  
It's absorbed in Map-led Mappls App, okay? So the marketing expenses were to build the brand 
of MapmyIndia, to build the brand of Mappls, to get more users on the Mappls App. At this 
point of time, that's what we did. I'm not saying in the future we may change or not. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Got it. And second question is could you please elaborate on the revenue model in Mappls 
KOGO assistant that we are now involved with the auto OEMs? 
Rohan Verma: 
OEM, our revenue model stays similar and it is part of our NCASE suite of solutions and hence, 
we have these per vehicle and per vehicle per year or per vehicle per month fees. So that revenue 
model and OEMs doesn't change. And then for consumer side, there's a bunch of things. There's 
a membership subscription if you want really low prices on bookings and then there's some 
commerce transaction-based revenues if you purchase items or do bookings through KOGO. 

 
C.E. Info Systems Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure. So the Mappls KOGO is just an integration we have done to the existing OEM devices, 
right? 
Rohan Verma: 
It's more capabilities in our NCASE suite, so to make our offering more appealing and add more 
use cases to OEMs, who can then offer such solutions to consumers. 
Sarang Sanil: 
All right. Sir, my last question is I'm not sure if you are allowed to discuss about it, but we would 
love to know the status of the planned QIP. 
Rohan Verma: 
Status of? 
Sarang Sanil: 
The planned QIP. 
Rohan Verma: 
Planned QIP. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Status, the status is simple. On the 29th of December, the shareholder, postal ballot approved it 
by 99.2% of the 85.5% shareholders who voted. So the company has the opportunity over the 1-
year period from now onwards or from December 29 onwards to go ahead with the QIP when 
everybody is ready, the market is ready, we are ready. That's the status as of today. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Hi, good evening and congratulations on the continued good performance. My question is 
slightly related to the use of QIP and how you're thinking about investing in the business going 
forward. So we've had a good addition to the business via Gtropy on the IoT side and you 
mentioned the plans on the drone side of the business as well. 
Just a bit more color on how you plan to invest this going forward would be helpful. Would it 
be safe to assume that majority of the cash would be used in organic activities that in the past, 
we relied mostly on bolt-ons? 
Rakesh Verma: 
Well, we are talking about it could be a combination of organic and inorganic. We haven't given 
any numbers to that. For all the three businesses we have talked about, for international market 
expansion, for the consumer business and for the drone business, that's exactly what we are 
communicating to everybody. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Okay, got it. That's helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time restrictions, that was our last question. On behalf 
of Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Rohan Verma: 
Thank you. 
Rakesh Verma: 
Thank you, everybody. 
