 
 
 
DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LTD. 
Knowledge Centre, Plot 58, Street No. 17, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093. INDIA | Tel: +91 (22) 6102 0000/1/2   
|  Fax : +91 (22) 2834 3669  |  CIN: L72200MH1987PLC045205 | business@datamatics.com | www.datamatics.com 
February 14, 2024 
 
  To,  
Corporate Communication Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers, 
Dalal street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
  BSE Scrip Code : 532528  
 
    Symbol : DATAMATICS 
 
 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript for Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, we would like to inform you that the Company 
has held a conference call with the Analysts / Investors on Friday, February 09, 2024 at 05:30 
p.m. IST for management discussion on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2023. 
 
Please find attached transcript of the call on Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter and 
half year ended December 31, 2023. The same can be accessed on the below mentioned link: 
 
https://www.datamatics.com/about-us/investor-relations/earnings-call    
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Datamatics Global Services Limited  
 
 
 
Divya Kumat 
EVP, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary 
(FCS: 4611) 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
DIVYA 
KUMAT
Digitally signed 
by DIVYA KUMAT 
Date: 2024.02.14 
17:06:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
“Datamatics Global Services Limited  
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL KANODIA - VICE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SANDEEP MANTRI - EVP AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. MITUL MEHTA - EVP AND CHIEF MARKETING 
OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA, E&Y LLP - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 7 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Datamatics Global Services Limited Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Asha Gupta from E&Y Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good evening to all participants in the call today. Welcome to Q3 FY24 
earnings call of Datamatics Global Services Limited. The results and presentation have already 
been mailed to you and you can also view it on Datamatics website. In case anyone has not 
received the copy of press release or presentation, please do write to us and we will be happy to 
send you the same. 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have with us the top 
management of the company represented by Mr. Rahul Kanodia – Vice Chairman and CEO, Mr. 
Sandeep Mantri – EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mitul Mehta - EVP and Chief Marketing 
Officer. Rahul will start the call with the brief overview of the quarter on the business, which 
will be then followed by Sandeep, who will take us through the financials. We will then open 
the floor for Q&A session. 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call which gives any 
outlook for the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statement, must be viewed 
in conjunction with the risk and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are 
included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with the SEBI and 
subsequent annual report which you can find on our website. 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul. Over to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you very much and a very warm welcome to all of you on the Call. Thanks for joining 
our Q3 FY24 Earnings Call today. We wish everyone a Happy New Year and we are glad to 
have you on the call today. 
I will briefly discuss some of the key quarterly performance highlights while Sandeep will 
provide an update on the financials, after which, of course, we will open the floor for questions 
and answers. 
We have completed the nine months of FY24 and witnessed a revenue growth of 9% and an 
EBIT growth of 14.8% on a year-on-year basis. The performance has been even across all the 
three segments.  
Regarding quarterly performance, our revenue declined 0.9% on a year-on-year basis and 2% 
on a sequential basis. Q3 is generally a weaker quarter in the industry, and we are no exception 
to this trend. The decrease in revenue during Q3 is attributed to a delay in the commencement 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 7 
of new projects, while the ramp-up of operations has already kicked off. We have noticed 
slowness in decision making of large deals in the Western markets. Nevertheless, we continue 
to add new customers at a steady rate. We added 12 new customers during Q3 of 2024 and our 
new deal pipeline continues to remain healthy. 
We are happy to be in the Forbes Asia 200 best under a billion-dollar company. The list 
comprises of the top 1% of 20,000 listed companies in Asia. It is a recognition of our outstanding 
corporate performance over the years by enabling enterprises to go deep in digital to create 
operational efficiency, superior customer experience, and sustainable competitive advantage. I 
take this opportunity to thank all our stakeholders, including employees, customers, and 
shareholders for being an integral part of our journey. 
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Sandeep Mantri. Sandeep, over to you. 
Sandeep Mantri: 
Thank you, Rahul. Welcome everyone and thank you for joining us in Q3 FY24 Earning Call. 
Let me start with the financial performance of Q3 FY24 and then I will take you through the 9-
months numbers as well: 
Our Q3 FY24 revenue stood at INR 369.3 crores which is a slight decline of 0.9% on a Y-o-Y 
basis and 2% on a sequential basis. Our consolidated EBITDA for this quarter was at INR 52.6 
crores which is decline by 10.7% on a Y-o-Y basis and sequential basis as well. Our EBITDA 
margin for the quarter is at 14.3% as compared to 15.8% in the last year same quarter and 15.6% 
on a sequential basis. 
Our consolidated EBIT for the quarter was at INR 43.7 crores, which is down 12.9% on a             
Y-o-Y basis. EBIT margin for the quarter was at 11.8% as compared to 13.5% in the last year 
same quarter. Our quarterly PAT after NCI was at INR 41.3 crores which is 10% decline on a 
Y-o-Y basis. PAT margin for this quarter was at 10.9%. Our tax rate for this quarter was at 23% 
compared to 25.3% on a Y-o-Y basis. The primary reason for the decrease in tax rate is normally 
change in the profit mix of various legal entities. EPS for the quarter was at INR 7.01 per share, 
which was lower than last year same period which was at INR 7.78 per share. 
Talking about segment wise revenue performance, our digital operation revenue for the quarter 
was at INR 160.4 crores which is a growth of 4.9% on a Y-o-Y basis. Digital operation EBIT 
margin was at 16.5% and its contribution to total revenue was 43%. Digital experience revenue 
was at INR 57.5 crores, a decline of 6% on a Y-o-Y basis. EBIT margin for digital experience 
was at 15.4% and contribution to total revenue was 16%. Digital technology revenue was at INR 
151.4 crores which is a contribution to total revenue of 41%. Revenue declined by 4.6% on a Y-
o-Y basis. The margin in this segment was at 5.5%. We continue to maintain a healthy balance 
sheet as of December 31st. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 7 
Our total cash and investment stood at INR 595 crores compared to INR 581 crores in the last 
quarter. So, there is a slight increase in the cash balance. Our DSO was at 60 days as of December 
2023 as compared to 63 days in the last quarter. 
In terms of geographical footprint, US remains our largest geography with 54% coming from 
US followed by India at 24%. The rest of the world including the UK and Europe was at 22%. 
In terms of industry footprint, BFSI continued to remain the largest segment for us, which 
includes 26% of our total revenue, followed by Technology and Consulting which stood at 24% 
and post that Education and Publishing stood at 13%, Manufacturing, Infra and Logistics at 12%, 
Non-profit or non-governmental organization was at 11%, Retail contributed 10% of our total 
business, and other segments are 4% of our total revenue. If we talk about client concentration, 
it is very healthy with the top 5, 10 and 20 clients contributing to 23%, 35% and 49% 
respectively. 
Now coming to 9 months financials, our 9 months revenue was at INR  1,137.2 crores which is 
a growth of 9% on a Y-o-Y basis. Our EBITDA was at INR 179.3 crores, which is a growth of 
13.2% and EBITDA margin stood at 15.8%. Our EBIT was at INR 151.9 crores and EBIT 
margin stood at 13.4%. The tax rate for nine month was at 19.2% compared to 22.3% last year 
in same period. Our PAT after NCI was at INR 145.6 crores compared to INR 129.2 crores, 
which is a growth of 12.7% on a Y-o-Y basis. EPS for the full nine month was at INR 24.71 per 
share as compared to INR 21.92 per share. So, there is a growth of 12.7% in terms of EPS for 9 
months. 
If we see segment-wise results for the 9 months of FY24, Digital operation revenue was at INR 
491.9 crores, which is up 10.9% on a Y-o-Y basis. Digital operation EBIT margin was at 18.4%. 
Digital experience revenue was at INR 182.2 crores, which is again up 14% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Digital experience EBIT margin was at 18.8%. Digital technology revenue, we were at INR 463 
crores, which is up 5.3%. The EBIT margin was at 5.8% for this segment. 
With this, I will now pass on the call to operator to open the floor for questions. Thank you for 
your patience and continued interest in Datamatics. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from 
the line of Shubhankar Oja from SKS Capital Research. Please go ahead. 
Subhankar Oja: 
I have listened to the initial remarks. So, I was asking about you commented on the delay in 
some projects which is why the revenue declined by 1%. Can you give some detail on that? And 
where is it now with respect to the commencement of the project? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
The projects have taken off more slowly than expected. So, they are not going at full steam. 
They are but softer than we had expected. So, two-three things are happening in the decline. One 
is the projects are taking off slowly. Some of the decision making is slower. In any case Q3 tends 
to be a little weaker quarter for us, particularly because we are ramping up for Q4. So, some of 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 7 
these things are really outside of our control in terms of the slowness in the decision making. 
That's the primary reason. 
Subhankar Oja: 
So, now with 9% growth for 9-months, what is your expectations now with respect to FY24 all 
growth guidance? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Q4 of this year, which is Jan-Feb-March, we expect that we will grow in the vicinity of about 
11% to 12% on a sequential quarter basis. And therefore, that means for the year, we should end 
up somewhere between 4.5%-5% roughly in top line basis for the full year. 
Subhankar Oja: 
I missed that. Did you say 12% on a sequential basis for Q4? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes, sequential basis we are looking at somewhere around 11%-12% sequential quarter growth 
and therefore the year should end up at about 4%-5% for the full year. Because Q4 of last year 
also we grew at about 11%. Yes, so the base is high basically for quarter, for last year. 
Subhankar Oja: 
And with respect to the use of cash, is there anything that you want to update us with respect to 
the inorganic growth? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes, so as we mentioned earlier, we have been in dialogue with some companies. We have 
looked at as to date over 200 companies. Right now, we are in active dialogue with a few of 
them. But obviously it's too early to say anything, but we are in active dialogue with some 
companies. And hopefully if that goes well and it matures, we should have some transaction, but 
it's a little early for me to say that. The good news is that there's an active dialogue, we have 
been in touch with them for some time.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Grishma Shah from Envision Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Grishma Shah: 
Sir, I wanted to know what's the outlook going ahead across various segments. And we see 
margins stabilizing in the segment where we were finding this is tough compared to year on 
year. If you could tell us how each of these segments are looking while you laid down the outlook 
for the entire year? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, each of the segments has had an even performance. We are seeing this behavior of slowdown 
across all the segments, so there's no particular segment standing out. In the customer 
experiences as you know two quarters back one project came to an abrupt end. So, that has 
continued the impact on digital experiences. As far as the margins are concerned, we have 
stabilized the margins. In fact, next year I expect an improvement because we have done some 
degree of automation. So, I'm speaking a little out of turn, but next year we should see healthier 
margins because of the automation but in terms of the revenue performance so far for the year, 
all three segments of ours have been approximately evenly impacted. 
Grishma Shah: 
But the digital technology segment has seen some margin stabilization, right? 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 7 
Rahul Kanodia: 
That should improve. 
Grishma Shah: 
If you could tell us what's happening in that segment, and how do you see margins for that 
segment, say maybe next year or directionally over medium term? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes, so for that segment, we are using AI to automate and we expect that should improve 
productivity. So, we are tightening our belt in terms of productivity, and I do expect the margins 
on digital technologies to improve in the next financial year. 
Grishma Shah: 
And we did win some contracts between Q2 and Q3. So, anything major that you could share 
for the outlook going ahead? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, in the contracts we won, we did announce one large deal. But that is, as I said, going a little 
slower than we had anticipated. And therefore, it's not showing up in the revenues as actively or 
as aggressively as we thought it would. Having said that from a pipeline point of view, last time 
we had talked about $290 million pipeline. That pipeline is fairly healthy, and we are at about 
$245 million right now. So, that remains roughly at a healthy rate. This year, this quarter, we've 
closed 12 new customers. So, the closure of customers is at the same pace that we had earlier as 
well. It is just that they're slower in deciding and they're slower in ticking off. But we've closed 
12 new customers. The run rate has been roughly in the same range in the previous quarter as 
well. 
Grishma Shah: 
And what's the feedback on the product side? How is that segment picking up? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
That segment is picking up well. We're getting a lot of interest. We've been in active dialogue 
with companies like Microsoft. Even they've given very strong feedback on the products. So, 
we've closed a few deals as well. So, that is looking quite good. 
Mitul Mehta: 
Yes, also last quarter we went live on Microsoft Marketplace, which is transactable, so that's 
also a channel which will help us reach out to a larger Microsoft customer base. 
Grishma Shah: 
And what about the bidding for the metro projects in India? What's the progress on that? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, the metro projects are all going well. We are right now in dialogue with three prospects in 
India and two in the US. So, we are trying to put more efforts in the US market, and we should 
be quoting for some of them. These are long gestation projects, so it's not that every quarter 
something happens, but we are well-placed for some of these projects that we're doing. As you 
know, we've almost completed Kolkata Metro, we made good progress in Delhi-Meerut RRTS 
corridor by NCRTC. . Mumbai Metro of course line 2A and 7 have gone live, line 2B is just 
about to start. So, I think we are well placed with that. 
Grishma Shah: 
And in general, price increases for next year would be difficult to come by? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes, I would imagine so. I don't think the markets will respond to a price increase. I think the 
key focus next year will be for improving margins, the productivity more than the price increase. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 7 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvati Rai from Equentis Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Parvati Rai: 
I just heard you speaking on the margins that next year it should be an improvement, given the 
automation and the other work, so I would like your thoughts on what would be the exit margin 
for this year that you're looking at on EBITDA? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
This year we are at about 14% something. So, I think it should be a little better. But we are right 
now, as I said, in the planning phase. We will spend this quarter, planning our numbers for next 
year. So, maybe in the next call we could probably give more insight into that space. But it 
should certainly be better than this year. 
Parvati Rai: 
And the other point that you made on margin is that especially with respect to digital 
technologies, where you did mention that it's kind of stabilizing. In the previous quarter, you did 
highlight while it will be low single digit for now, you're also looking at a 7% to 8% range. So, 
does that still stand and by when are you looking at that range achievable? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Certainly, next year we should be in that range. 
Parvati Rai: 
Some more outlook from the deal perspective or the macro-outlook because since you mentioned 
that decision making is slow and delay in large deals and given the revenue growth has been far 
timid from last quarter we did pull back on the guidance. So, for the next couple of quarters, 
how are we kind of expecting the market outlook, macro situation? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, we still have to see in terms of the macroeconomic scenario as to what happens with the US, 
with the war in Israel, and the Ukraine-Russia war. So, all of that is still sort of a little unknown. 
Having said that, as I mentioned, we are right now doing our detailed planning for next year. So, 
probably in the next two months I should have a handle on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference to the management 
for closing comments. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you very much and thank you all for participating in today's quarterly call. I look forward 
to engaging with you once again in the next quarter and I'm sure we'll look forward to a good 
next year. So, thank you very much for being on the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Datamatics Global Services Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
