 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  February 1, 2024 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Monday, 
January 29, 2024 at 3:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the quarter 
and nine month ended on December 31, 2023.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- www.macpowercnc.com.   
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
KISHOR KIKANI 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHA
I KIKANI
Digitally signed by 
KISHORBHAI 
MADHUBHAI KIKANI 
Date: 2024.02.01 
16:07:52 +05'30'

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LTD 
 
Q3 & 9MFY24 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Rupesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director 
Rajnikant Raja – Chief Financial Officer 
Kishore Kikani – Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
2 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY24 post-
earnings conference call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited. Today 
on the call from the management we have with us, Mr. Rupesh Mehta, 
CMD and Mr. Rajnikanth Raja, CFO.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to briefly tell us about the 
performance highlights for the quarter that went by, the growth plans 
and visions for the coming year, post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Over to you, sir.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, Good Afternoon! everyone. So, this time I think it is 
Macpower's highest performance in terms of all the aspects. I will go 
through the figures first and then we will discuss the question and 
answer. 
 
Last year’s topline of Q3FY23 was 53 Crore, this year, in Q3FY24 is 
66 Crore. So, it increased by 25%. 
 
EBITDA was 5.59 Crore in Q3FY23, now it is 10.09 Crore in 
Q3FY24, increased by 81%. EBITDA margin was 10.55% in Q3FY23 
now it is 15.26% in Q3FY24. PAT is almost 101% YoY, we are 
interested in PAT. So from INR 3.5 crores in Q3FY23 to INR 7 
crores, 3 lakhs in Q3FY24, almost 101% YoY basis. And our EPS was 
INR 3.5 in Q3FY23 at the last year and now it is INR 7 in Q3FY24. 
The order book in the Q3FY23 was INR 148 crores. Now we have 
INR 236 crores in Q3FY23. So almost 159% increment of the orders, 
due to the increase in the sales force. 
 
The government's tenders, as I said in the last conference, the 
government's defence policy and education tenders are being uploaded 
a lot. So, our tender's bidding in the Q3FY23 was INR 58 crores. Even 
in the Q2FY24, it was INR 200 crores in total. It has now increased to 
INR 393 crores in Q3FY24, almost 671% YoY. So, in last one year, 
the government's tenders which are being opened because of the 
growth in defence, the growth in aviation, the growth in education 
sector, if we talk about quarter-on-quarter, 231% and if we talk about 
Q2 versus Q3, it is almost double within 3 months. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
3 
 
So, the government's policy of uploading tenders is showing a lot of 
benefits. So, these are the big points in terms of revenue. So, Vinay ji, 
if there is anything left, you tell us or we will go to the question and 
answer. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
If you can briefly talk about the MOU which you signed recently with 
Gujarat. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah. So, one update is that Vibrant Gujarat, which is held every year 
in January, we have signed an MOU, in the policy of defence and 
aviation, which is the policy of Gujarat State government, if you want 
that policy, Vinayji has a copy, in which the government is giving a 
lot of benefits. The first and biggest benefit is that of land, almost at 
token rate, where we have seen the growth in defence and aviation. If 
you have tender bid of INR 400 crores, then in the future, there is 
going to be a lot of growth in this sector, and we have generated a lot 
of revenue. Till now we have worked for INR 500 crore in defence 
and aviation.  
 
So, we are creating a separate unit of defence, where you can do 50% 
work of defence, so one unit of Macpower will be defence. After that 
we have another 4 acres of land that is unit 2. Now this big unit will be 
unit 3, where we will do everything in backward integration, where 
from the foundry, all the components we will manufacture in-house, 
and we will increase the capacity stage wise first adding 2,000, then 
3,000. So, we will not do 8,000 or 10,000 all-together, but we will 
keep expanding it stage wise. And in this policy, the GST policy of the 
state government, 80% of the investment is reimbursed in tax. Land is 
available at a negligible token rate. Power cost will also be less. So, 
this is a separate policy of the government to motivate the defence and 
aviation industries.  And we are eligible and principally they accepted 
our file. And there is a lot of excitement for them also, because this 
will be the first unit of Gujarat under this policy, which the 
government has made for defence and aviation. Till now no 
organization has given any application for a new unit from zero. I 
even had a personal meeting with the Industrial Commissioner, and it 
is in process.  
 
So, in future we will expand our capacity. After the land comes, our 
capacity can be increased gradually in the coming five years, the 
capacity of 8,000 to 10,000 machines will be added. So, these are the 
updates for future growth and planning. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. We will take the first question 
from Shubham Upadhyay. Shubham, you can go ahead. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
4 
 
 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Yes, sir, Good Afternoon, everyone. I'm Shubham Upadhyay from 
MicroCap Minute. So, my first question is, recently I saw your 
balance sheet, where there is a sharp increase in finance cost. So, can 
you give some color why there has been such an increase in finance 
cost? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, it is just our direct cost. Finance cost means direct cost. 
Employment cost 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, basically your interest cost.  
 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Interest cost, yeah.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Interest cost is not there. Where are you looking? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
In your Q3 number, sir, the interest cost is shown as INR12 lakhs. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
This INR 4 lakhs, INR 12 lakhs you are seeing, that is the processing 
fees of bank guarantee. That is the increase, earlier it was INR 4 lakhs, 
the LC which we open and bank guarantee we open, that is the fees. 
Actually, the surplus revenue we have, of INR 16 crore to INR 18 
crore, for that we take interest from the bank in other income. The 
bank expense, the finance cost is the charges of LC and bank 
guarantee, for defense, and for the CC, the charge is added every 6 
months, that is the charge, not the interest cost. 
 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Okay, my second question is, can you give some color on your Capex 
plan. Recently you said you want to go up to 2,000 machines. So 
where are we on that particular timeline? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, if you see in Capex, Q2 versus Q3.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, basically they are asking, when will your 2,000 machines capacity 
come up? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I gave that in the last statement, construction of one unit will be 
completed in 15 days, and the rest we are completing in March. So, 
construction is getting completed in March, so in Q1, from April-May, 
our capacity will be 2,000. 
 
Shubham Upadhyay: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. I'll rejoin. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Shubham. We will take the next question from Rohan. Rohan 
you can go ahead, please. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
5 
 
 
Rohan: 
Yeah, am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, Rohan ji. 
 
Rohan: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in this quarter we have taken 
orders of about 600 machines. So, these 600 machines, how many 
days do we have to execute them? And in the immediate future, our 
capacity to cater to these 600 machines, how is it placed? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
To cater, as I said in the past, 99% people will take loan from the bank 
or NBFC. So, in capital goods, they get a subsidy of 25%, and interest 
subsidy of 75% to 80%. So, people will take loan. If they don't take 
loan, they won't get subsidy. So, in their process, it can take 15 days or 
4 months. So minimum order book that you need should be four times 
of the dispatch. If you have 1,000 machines order book, then you can 
dispatch 250 machines, because you don't give credit, your payment 
made should be 100%. So, 70% models in order book are standard, 
first come first. So., they don't need it.  
 
You will say that you have given advance on order, INR 1 lakh or 5% 
or 10%, so to complete order book, your first round should be done in 
6 months.  To complete this, it can take 6 months. In standard 
machines, first come first, whose payment comes.70% product will be 
standard, and almost, we talk about 1,500 to 2,000, but in last quarter, 
February and March, we will add 1,700 capacity instead of 1,500. So, 
you have to complete this in 6 months. But don't think it like this, in 
order book, I told you earlier, that in order book, 25% should be more 
than the dispatch. Say for example, 140 machines have gone, so we 
need 160 machines new order. So it is per day, in 32 branches, 75-80 
people work in sales, they book 5 machines per day, and 4 machines 
are dispatched or 6 machines are booked.  
 
So, the order book, will never be less. If there is pending recruitment 
or some exhibitions or some offers, order book will keep on 
increasing. So, we need order book permanently, because in planning, 
we have 315 models. if there is no order book, we will not be able to 
plan, because the model we make the market may not want it, other 
models will be in demand, so order book should be more than the 
remaining. If you see the trend of past 5-6 quarters, order book versus 
dispatch is increasing. Normally, the order you have should be 
executed in 6 months. 
 
Rohan: 
Understood Sir. Sir my second question is, in our presentation, in type 
of machine, we have included DCM machine, and it has more than 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
6 
 
INR1 crore realization, 2 machines are sold, total value is INR2.1 
crore. So, is this machine a new offering for us and what are the 
opportunities you see in this going ahead? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The demand for these machines in India is 300-plus machines. 4 years 
back, even Macpower imported this type of machine. There are 2 
players in India. We have added a third player. The NEXA product we 
call, VTL, HMC, Double Column, and Automation Division, now we 
have two job work in Automation Division, which we have started in 
which Robotics and Gantry. And after that, in Double Column, we 
have taken order of 2 machines in the last month. We will realize it in 
April or May, delivery time of machines will be 3-4 months. After 
that, in Coimbatore Amic Forge, which has been listed now, we have 
given big VTLs to them. So now on our focus will be on NEXA 
product, in the new financial year and capacity will also be added.  
 
So, this Double Column, its entry level value is INR1 crore. We 
dispatched 8 VTLs, and the biggest order we have is of Amic Forge, a 
Kolkata based company, which had an IPO in the last month. And 
now we are discussing with Ramkrishna Forge. So now we are 
focusing on the new segment of higher end machines, and the Double 
Column, you are talking about, is a big size machining center, which 
has a weight of 32 tonnes. 
 
Rohan: 
Understood. Sir my last question is, if you see the order build up on 
the government side, so the order received is 4, and the order executed 
is 1, which is much lower than the past quarters, so is there any delay 
in this? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
This is not quarter-on-quarter, because their machines are special type, 
and they come compulsory to do PDA, like in Q3, 2 machines were 
ready, of INR 1.5 crore, of Ordinance DRDO, Pune, but they did not 
come to inspect due to their busy schedules. So out of all the order 
books, 90% of them are Q4 realization. So, the government orders 
realization instead of Q-o-Q base, year-on-year is better because the 
time required to make it is 6 months. And the special purpose of it is 
executed in 5-6 months, and sometimes due to busy schedules they do 
not come for 1 month. So that will increase in this quarter, record 
break in Q4, the realization of all the pending orders. 
 
Rohan: 
Got it. Thank You sir, and all the very best.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from Kush Tandon. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
7 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Good Afternoon Sir. Congratulations again on a consistent quarter. 
Sir, I have 2-3 questions. One is your realization in this quarter per 
machine has increased from INR 19 lakh to INR 20 lakh, from Q2 to 
Q3, 5% growth on realization is there. So, can we say that product mix 
should be one reason as more of high value machines have been sold. 
So, can you comment on that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Product mix, and VTLs, higher end machines have been sold and the 
government orders are also there. And mainly in VMC, we have seen 
a good growth, because if you see, overall number of machines, how 
many were there in the record?  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Sir, basically 334 machines we have sold this quarter.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
344. 
 
Kush Tandon 
Sorry, 344. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If you talk of record Q3 is the highest in all aspects. 344 is the highest 
number of machines. So, the average price that you talk of, if the entry 
level machines are less, and higher end machines, because you know, 
the products range from INR 10 lakh to INR 1 crore. Like the 
government orders, say for example, a machine is being manufactured 
for BHEL, it is of INR 1.5 crore. So due to increased sale of higher 
end machines and VMC, and NEXA products, the price may go up. If 
you see, the average price, we are trying to not go below 20 lakhs, but 
even if it goes less, don't give much importance to the average price. 
So, for example even if the average price goes to INR18 lakh, Mr. 
Kush, then 344 will go to 364. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay. Sir, the EBITDA margin, this quarter has also increased. So, sir, 
you have 3-4 levers, one is to increase the realization for the margin, 
and the other is the cost, so in steady state, can we look at 16%-17% 
for the full year, next year, roughly according to you? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In this quarter, we had 14.3% EBITDA margin in Q2FY24, and we 
achieved 15.3% EBITDA margin in Q3FY24, and on expenses, it was 
almost 17%. So, your expenses, the direct and indirect costs, it didn't 
make a big difference, and your sales price also increased, and some 
backward integration, like telescopic cover is now in-house. So, 
EBITDA will increase with backward integration, it will increase due 
to top line and your operating cost is fixed. So, the margin, as your top 
line increases the fixed cost will be the same, so EBITDA can grow. 
And the other is, if you do backward integration and manufacture few 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
8 
 
components in house which we buy from outside, the logistic cost, and 
your profit can also increase.  
 
So, the reason for this quarter is some backward integration, some 
government orders, and in NEXA, VTL, and all these product sales. 
But the EBITDA will go up to 17% plus but I think the rhythm, will 
go up to 17% on quarter on quarter. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
So, you are saying that Q4 can be a little stronger, because it is capital 
goods, Q4 is mostly strongest. So there the margin can increase, okay. 
And sir, if we assume a 20% kind of growth, that you have been 
guiding, and also achieving now, are we looking at an INR 300 crore 
number, top line next year with 16%, 17% margin roughly? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Now the meeting that we have finished, the sales meet that we have 
done, in the next financial year, the projection that we are doing, in 
that our top line will go between INR 300 crores to INR 400 crores If 
the government sector order book as we always talk conservative, we 
have also minimized the order book Our minimum target will be INR 
300 crores, and maximum will be INR 400 crore. So, we will close it 
in between. And the average, of this year's direct and indirect expense, 
is INR 45 crores, we will stretch it a lot. We are participating in some 
big exhibitions, where we will be spending INR 1-odd crore. In the 
next financial year, we will be holding a direct and indirect expense of 
INR 51 crores-INR 52 crores. So, in front of the top-line it will be 
between 15% to 17%. So next year also the yearly expenses not more 
than 17% and EBITDA due to some backward integration, will be 17-
18% of the average realization. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay, very interesting sir. Sir, a broader question was on the industry. 
We have just seen an IPO of one company, and another company is 
planning for an IPO, and you are also doing very well. Is the industry 
looking good for the next 2-3 years, from a broader perspective? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If we have studied the manufacturing sector properly, then you know, 
we are the backbone of the manufacturing sector. 3000 segments need 
these machines, 3000 segments, like aviation, defense, engine parts, 
plastic molding, watch case, watchmaking machines, knee joints, 
surgical instruments, mobile, iPhone, so in this sector, pharma, textile, 
dairy, submersible pump, bearing industries, 3000 plus segments, we 
have the list. I am not talking about the components. I am talking 
about the segments. So, if manufacturing sector wants grow, all the 
manufacturing segments of India, be it dairy machines, or dairy 
industries, or road construction, they need machines.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
9 
 
So, the growth in manufacturing sector that we are seeing, and the 
government is also focusing on it, 15% to 16% of the GDP is the 
contribution of the manufacturing sector. if there is an increase of 
even 1% of the GDP due to manufacturing sector, the machine tools 
industry will have to work 100%. And in that industry, like I said in 
the speech previously as well, we are only 6% or 7% that capture 90% 
of the market share, because it is not that easy. In the last 10 years, not 
a single player has come, because it is entry level. It takes a year to 
make a product, a lot of research, a lot of collaborations, after a lot of 
joint ventures, you can make this product. So, this is experience of 
long years and hard work. So whatever growth happens in the 
manufacturing sector, the work that is there, we will have to do it in 
India. And like I said, India will make 30,000 machines this year, the 
entire sector, 30,000 numbers including all the CNC, compared to it, 
Tata's iPhone has a requirement of 50,000 machines per year.  
 
So, this sector will boom so much, the biggest challenge will be for 7 
or 8 players, R&D, Research and Development, for which Macpower, 
in the next financial year, when this land will be available, R&D 
center will be developed in a small place, in a place of 1,000 meter, 
where 50 people will be a part of the team. We will do it in Bangalore. 
Because In Bangalore there is an environment for R&D and the 
production, we will do it here. Because manufacturing in Bangalore, is 
very costly, and we will not get manpower. Here R&D is somewhat 
10% or 15% difficult. So, R&D will be challenging over here.  
 
Supply chain, we manage 19,000 components, so we will have to find 
suppliers, or do backward integration. And the biggest challenge, is 
skilled manpower, for which we have training batches for 30 
engineering students. We hire them on stipend for 3 months and 
within 3 months we recruit them as Junior Engineers. We train them 
and we also have a training center in the factory itself because as per 
our requirement of expertise, the syllabus is not available in India. It is 
available in Germany, Russia, and Japan. DE in machine tools, 
Diploma in Machine Tools. We are making efforts in India, but we do 
the courses in-house to the students. So, in the future, there will be no 
business challenge. Everyone has an order book of one year, everyone, 
not just Macpower.  
 
The first question was IPO of another company. They have an order 
book of INR 3,500 crores. So, everyone has order book. The challenge 
is of execution. So, we are moving ahead with full preparation, and the 
average growth of 25% or 30% in the company should be there, if we 
can do a big expansion in the exceptional case, with the help of the 
government. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
10 
 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay sir. Congratulations. All the best once again. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Kush just one correction to the initial statement, the EBITDA margin 
for this quarter is 15.3%, excluding other income. Yeah.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Noted. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
15.3%.  
 
Moderator: 
 We will take the next question from Ajay Surya. Ajay you can 
unmute please. Ajay you can unmute and ask your question. We will 
move to the next participant, Rajendra. Rajendra, you can go ahead. 
 
Rajendra: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir. Can you give the guidance for this 
quarter, January to March? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Won't it be forward-looking? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
No, we want to avoid giving quarterly guidance, Ajay -- Rajendra if 
you can avoid that. 
 
Rajendra: 
Okay, no problem, thanks. That's all I have. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
But overall, in the 15 years of capital goods and machine tools, if you 
look at the balance sheet of all the eight companies, Q1, like I have 
shared this with many friends, in the machine tools industry, Q1 20%, 
Q2 25%, Q3 25% and Q4 30%. This trend has been going on for the 
last 15 years for all the companies. 
 
Rajendra: 
Okay, thank you sir. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take the next question from Dipali. Dipali you can 
unmute please. 
 
Dipali: 
Hello sir.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Hello, Dipali, yeah.  
 
Dipali: 
Sir, targeting 50% import and export in the next 5 years, can you tell 
us how this will happen? And which geography will have the highest 
transaction? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
11 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What happened, Vinay ji, what is the question? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, I guess that she wants to ask, 50% of CNC machines are imported 
today, so how much do you think will be indigenized? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In the last 10 years, 15% of the machines are imported, earlier we had 
65% import, India is making 35% only. So, in 10 years, 15% is made, 
but compared to the environment of India 10 years ago, which 
challenges in research and development, in skilled manpower had 
compared to last 10 years is better. The component from which 
aircraft is made, the components from which Chandrayan is made, 
what should be the accuracy of that machine, and how highly accurate 
it is, so in that challenge, the country has reduced the import by 15% 
in 10 years. So, I think in the next 10 years, we should reduce the 
import by 20% and come to 60% to 70%.  
 
And for this, the Capital Goods Committee in NITI Aayog, which is 
an association of Indian Machine Tools, in which I have been a 
director for many years, they are forcing a lot, why is so much import 
happening. I will give you an example of the aggressiveness of the 
government, to give growth to this sector. One of our customers, 
imported some raw materials of steel, from a foreign country, within a 
week, a mail came from the ministry, that why are you importing from 
abroad is not being made in your country or not available. After that, 
all the technical teams of Tata, Jindal were contacted that this material 
is not being made in India, what did you order from abroad? So this 
much aggressiveness is visible from everywhere, so I think that the 
import of 10%-15% in the last 10 years has reduced, in the next 10 
years, I think the import will be reduced by 20%  
 
Dipali: 
Okay sir, thank you. And sir, you will focus on which geography if 
you export? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, export of India, as I said, India's export is less than 1%. Domestic 
consumption is so high, that we are not focused on export. And we 
have decided, that if there are no sales and service and spares available 
in foreign counties then we should not export, or Make in India's name 
will be ruined We have given machines in Germany, Russia, America, 
UK, Nigeria, as those companies have a background of service, 
training or spares. We will not sell machines to unknown users this is 
what we have decided. So, India's export, I don't think it will be in 
focus for the next 10 years, because its distribution cost and opening a 
service center there, it is difficult for everyone today. In India the 
number 1 company has its setup in China and Turkey, they are 
exporting 5% of their total basket. But the biggest challenge is the 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
12 
 
technical gaps, R&D, future generation machines and skilled 
manpower and supply chain.  
 
So, the export focus, I think India will do it in 5 years, because there is 
no capacity. As I said, India has a capacity of 30,000 machines. In 
America, there is a company HASS, they make 30,000 machines per 
month. And around the world, it has a distribution network in 190 
countries. So, India has to work on production quality and distribution 
network, which has 3 challenges which I have mentioned.  
 
The market is so big, that if you look at the DECKEL and DMG Mori 
Seiki, if you see the balance sheet it is like the GDP of a small state. 
There are many opportunities for India. If we talk about quality, the 
machines being exported, and India is making, there is a survey report, 
with Indian Machine Tools, in which our machines are better than 
imported machines, in terms of service, spares, performance, and 
price, compared to European machines, Japanese machines, we are 
half price.  
 
So, in the future, we have the world market open, but for that India 
needs resource management, raw materials, skill manpower and land 
We will need these four things. And we are 8 people, who are doing 
90% of the work we will need 16 such companies and then India can 
focus on export. 
 
Dipali: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you, Sir. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Just one question regarding the 30,000 machines that you keep talking 
about, how big will it be in market size, value terms? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
You can take the average between INR 25 lakh to INR 30 lakhs, 30 
lakhs.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Okay, per month.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Per unit.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Per unit. But for per month, right?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Per year, 30,000 per year, INR 30 lakhs per unit, it is 60,000 
 
Moderator: 
 Sure. We will take the next question from Pratik Dedia. 
 
Pratik Dedia: 
Am I audible? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
13 
 
Moderator: 
 Yes, yes.  
 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay. Sir, very good numbers. My question is, you said you need 
order book every year to do business. So, can you tell 2-3 risks, what 
can happen, when you won't get order book and why? And second 
question is you are getting order for new machines. So when will you 
get replacement, how much time will it take for them to need 
replacement, when will you get replacement, and when will you get 
demand for replacement? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If we talk about the life of machines, it is almost like a car. It runs for 
3 years very well. After 5 years, maintenance starts, and after that, 
most of the people who do high precision work, they sell it in second, 
it is like a car. But the trend, which many people have not understood, 
I will explain. I have not had any discussion with Vinay ji. Vinay ji, 
the entry level machine, from INR10 lakhs to INR20 lakhs, if we look 
at previous trends of India companies used to work for 24 hours with 
machines running in 2 shifts of 12 hours each. 70-80% unit running 24 
hours. Now in night shift, there is not much output, there are many 
rejections and there were lot of losses for many users due to night 
shift. Now the machines they are buying are night shift, like 
Macpower has client in Ahmedabad, they have almost 40 machines of 
Macpower this year.  
 
So, their product growth is 10% this year, but their Capex has become 
very high. They told us that they have decided to stop 24 hours, and 
put more machines in 12 hours, because they are not getting desired 
output in night shift. The second option is automation and robotics, for 
which we have done a tie up, and we are giving them a robotics unit, 
which can run for 24 hours, no manpower is needed. For 24 hours, the 
machine will run with the robots. So, I don't think the growth cycle 
will stop, this is a life line, life cycle. The manufacturing industry will 
not survive, and this is not a competition of China, that China will 
manufacture it. China does not come in this. The import is from 
Germany, Japan, Italy, Korea, Taiwan. China does not come in this.  
 
The government is so strict, that some machines, like laser calibration 
and laser cutting for sheet metal. You must have seen laser cutting 
done, is not a product of Macpower, for that, the government has put 
an anti-dumping duty of 150%. And the regular duty is of 7.5%. So, I 
don't see these threats anywhere.  
 
And the second threat is, that there is so much demand, in a year there 
were 10 units of plastic water bottle, and now there are 100 
companies. So, this is not so easy, entry barriers are there. So, I don't 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
14 
 
think, that the eight company will have a threat for their order book. 
They will have to look at the operating cost and expenses. If you look 
at the balance sheet of the eight companies, no company's direct 
expenses, which is 17% for Macpower, theirs is 24% to 45%, in which 
the interest cost is very high, the operating cost is very high, because 
they have to grow, so they are spending a lot of money but the 
realization is not happening. They are producing in metro cities, like 
Bangalore, Hyderabad and Coimbatore where the manpower cost is 
very high.  
 
In this industry, 80% of the cost is manpower. So, I don't see any 
threat for order book, for any company for the next 10 to 20 years. I 
see threats for them, their operating cost, which is the thumb rule of 
Macpower. I think that the revenue I generate at INR 400 crores, 10%-
11% PAT margin, they are not doing that with INR 1,000 crores in 
value. Their margin is 3% to 5%, so what is the meaning of doing 
such a big expansion and such a big production, wherein their 
operating cost increases so much. So strategically, I think that the 
threat for the industry is their debt, which Macpower has not taken, 
and will never take in its life, if it is not needed. And the second is the 
operating cost, we review the cost of employment per month, and 
make a budget in percentage.  
 
So, your question and answer in this industry is, I don't think for the 
next 20 years, because you can make anything. People in machine 
tools will not die of starvation. For example, in Corona, we have made 
a profit, when the lockdown was there, the entire country was shut 
down, we were working for the government. During that period, we 
were told that there are no PPE kit machines in India, which doctors 
are dying from. So, we made the first machine in India, which was 
telecasted on BBC, ABP News We made 300 machines, during 
corona. After that we made N95 mask machines in-house, which were 
imported from China in INR 3 crores-INR4 crores, we made it at low 
cost in which without human touch, per day 50,000 masks were 
manufactured.  
 
We have so much background knowledge, that if someone gives us a 
job, because this industry is technical, and works on R&D. India has 
not made a mobile machine, but we all made it in 3-4 months. Now 
the time of ICEC is coming. For that a very small and precise machine 
is needed. So, the market is shifting. Now to make a watch, imported 
machines, which is called sliding head machine, which has an entry 
level of INR 1 crore. Now India has started making it, and we will 
also make it once we have new expansion. So, the market will shift, 
needs will change, you have to spend more on R&D. Any country's 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
15 
 
manufacturing can never stop, like agriculture can never stop, water 
can never stop, like that I don't think machine tools industry will never 
be idle.  
 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay, thank you. And second part, the replacement part, in that high 
end machines or the automated machines, can you tell us how many 
years of replacement will be there. If a human is using it or an 
automated machine, can there be a difference? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The life cycle will be the same, but the output is 24 hours by 365. So, 
you are not getting a relaxed machine, even for an hour, so you have 
to work on the temperature, heat control, power fluctuation, you have 
to work on R&D, and if you supply machines with robotics, then you 
have to do it. So, it will not affect the life cycle, but the ROI of 
robotics and automation is 4 years at present. My belief is if you focus 
on cost and R&D, then the ROI is 3 years, so people will invest, 
because the next challenge of the country, is the shortage of skilled 
manpower, which is still there today. 30% people are roaming around 
without work, and 30% people are not getting employment.  
 
So, this robotics and automation division is the future generation, 
where we can put our robots, and do their production on any 
company's machine, not just Macpower, so the life cycle will not 
affect. We will have to reduce the breakdowns, so the life cycle will 
be the same, after automation. 
 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay. So approximately 3 to 5 years, from low to high end? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, it will be the same. Like we drive cars, we will not do anything 
for 3 years, and after 5 years, there will be some maintenance, and 
then the second car. 
 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay, got it. And last question, you said you are doing R&D. So, can 
you tell us which industry, which segment you are doing R&D? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We have done advanced R&D as compared to the future requirements, 
like double column, HMC we added 2 years back. Till now we have 
done 12-15 of HMC machines, in the market and defense. VTL also 
we have done 15-20 machines, and now we are doing 2-4 machines 
per month. R&D has to be done in advance, and we have done that. 
And the next generation is the robotic and automation, and the market 
is less than 1% today, because the manpower is cheaper than 
automation. But looking at the future, we have done robotic and 
automation. The challenges of manpower, those who have more than 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
16 
 
50 machines they are facing. That they are not getting 50 employees 
for day and 50 for night, 100 employees.  
 
So, automation and the robotics division, big companies are involved. 
And in the future, mid-level and small level people will be involved. 
So, robotics and automation division will be there. And the second 
thing, since you are asking, we are not focusing on the corporate. In 
the future after the capacity expansion, because the area we have 
focused on, is India's market, and we are capturing 30% of that 
market. And we are bringing this business from that market. And we 
have not touched 70% of that market, because the demand is very high 
there.  
 
If you contact Maruti, they will talk about 200 machines, if you talk to 
Honda, they will talk about 1,000 machines. We don't have that 
capacity. And we have not even taken an entry there, because their 
distribution costs, and the terms and condition and credit system a 
requirement for the future. We do not want to increase the expense for 
that. So, the total consumption of India, the market share of Macpower 
is just 2.5%. And even now for Macpower to double in the market for 
business growth, order book it is available, but if we do not execute on 
time after taking orders. We are doing parallel work, 25% to 30% 
growth in Capex, by increasing the capacity, and simultaneously 
increasing the order book. 
 
Pratik Dedia: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Pratik. We will take the next question from Richa Agarwal. 
Richa, you can unmute please.  
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is, by looking at 
the presentation what we understand is we are catering for a lot of 
demand for aerospace and defense. So, if we look at it industry wise, 
how much demand is there from A&D, aerospace and defense, within 
the CNC, and how much exposure do we have towards this sector? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, if we talk about consumption, the number one consumption in 
India is still in automobiles, more than 30%, and around 30% is in 
engine parts. After that the upcoming market, is of die and molds. 
Everything has dies, plastic or metal, it has a requirement of VMC, but 
what you said in between, aerospace and defense, the reason for that 
increase, is that in Make in India, the target of the ordinance factory is 
increasing. And they are exporting. Plus, the tenders which are below 
INR 200 crores, which are in our bracket, only Indian participation 
can enter in this sector. So, the tender which is below INR 200 crores, 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
17 
 
is coming out more, which is why the defense and aviation work has 
increased. Out of the total business of Macpower, 15% to 20% comes 
from defense and aeronautics. But there are a lot of opportunities in 
that, sky is the limit.  
 
That is why, we are talking of the new unit, the government has 
principally sanctioned us the project, the new unit for defense, 
Macpower Defense will be a separate entity, 100% Macpower 
subsidiary  
 
So, the second sector which is the highest for Macpower is Defense 
and Aviation, and the third is die and molds. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Okay, okay.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
And the biggest sector, in the next 5 years, will be electrical sector, 
EV, in which mobile, earphones, laptops, all will be made in India 
which has just started with Tata iPhone. That will be the biggest 
sector, number wise and value wise, and for that, we will have to 
make some modifications in some models. I think within 6 months, we 
will start working and sampling in this sector. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Currently is there any Indian company that is already catering to the 
opportunity, the iPhone market that you are talking about, from our 
industry? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
There are 2 or 3 players who have got the work, I think it is 3, and 
everyone was invited. But according to terms, many companies did, 
and many didn't. But The payment method, the quantity supply, the 
replacement condition, and the trial condition we felt was very rigid, 
which won't be suitable for the Indian players. They will try 10 
machines for six months; they need one machine extra above every 10 
machines. The payment is after 6 months. So, lot of things – and you 
have to give 1,000 machines, 500 machines at a time. So, some terms 
and conditions didn't suit. But they invited 6 people in India, we were 
also there. But we didn't participate, and 2-3 companies in India did 
sampling and some supplies. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Sir, which companies are these? Can you share the name? Just to 
understand the sector.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, we can't talk of others.  
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Okay. Sir, what is our R&D expense? I wanted to know if we have to 
take a tech lead, what are our qualifications, that we will be able to 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
18 
 
beat other players. Will we have a tie up, or is it all in-house 
technology? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In qualification, we have 50 years of experience, in machine tools, and 
35 years in production and 25 years -- almost 22 years of Macpower 
CNC experience. In this line, the biggest asset is experience. Along 
with that we have a team of 35 to 40 people in R&D. And if we see 
any gaps in R&D, as I said in my speech, in Bangalore, with 30 to 40 
people, only with R&D, there will be research done, and some labs, 
and some environment, which is easily available. So, the future R&D 
of Macpower gap, whatever is there, 1% or 2%, in today's date, we are 
the strongest team in India, who have the indigenous technology.  
 
There is no other company in India except Macpower, who has not 
collaborated with anyone, or taken over any company, or has had a JV 
with any company. We are the 100% make in India, no JV, no 
collaboration. We have not given a single rupee fee for any 
technology to anyone nor have we taken over any company. In the 
future, this opportunity is also available that all the companies in the 
world, because Macpower is the only company left, who has no JV, or 
no joint venture, or no technology tie-up. There is only Macpower 
alone. Every company has some attachments. So, in the future, with 
the new land, new growth, and Bangalore R&D center, we can move 
forward with the highly technical companies on this level. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Sir, typically you shared some pipeline or bidding data, how much is 
your strike rate of how much you bid?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The average strike rate is 8% to 10%, but some government norms 
have changed, so if we talk of the strike rate in the last 6 months, has 
increased, in which there is a reverse option, that whoever comes to 
L1, their price is fixed, and you can rebid, and the price changes every 
10 minutes. And in that, we are powerful in low-cost manufacturing. 
There is no interest cost, and we are working with very low operating 
costs. The RA system of government has changed, that L1 does not 
get direct orders. After L1, there is RA, in that Macpower is taking all 
the work. And we are executing a INR 5 crore order of BHEL. In that 
Macpower was not L1. But we have taken the order from RA, and that 
rate will increase by 10%. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Sir, my last question is, in India demand is high, and supply is low, 
especially when it comes to indigenous machines. So, are you able to 
see this in bidding? As you said, you were not in L1, when you are 
already low-cost manufacturing, so do you see that pressure? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
19 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In the last presentation of Q2, there was a bid of INR 198 crores or 
INR 200 crores. In today's presentation you see, it is INR 400 crore 
bid. So, within 3 months, there is a 100% jump, so the government 
tenders, and bidding process is very big. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
No, my question was, are you able to see the margin pressure? Are 
people very aggressive when it comes to trying to be the L1 bidder? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Nobody is aggressive. There are not more than 5 of us bidding, only 4 
or 5 people are bidding. Not that much. But if you want that order, 
then you can compromise on the margins, and if you want to increase 
the top line, and if your machine comes in the standard basket, which 
is not R&D, it comes in regular product, then you don’t have any 
issues to go to the domestic price. Normally, all players keep 10% to 
25% more, in government bids, because the payments come in 90 
days. Plus, they have a lot of training, and lot of component true-out, 
they need a lot of extra features, which are terms of service, not 
material. So, when your product has the same-to-same machines, 
which you sell regularly, then instead of 25% more, you can reduce 
5% or 10%, it depends on your requirement. If you want that order, 
then you can reduce the margin.  
 
So, the margin will not be affected by the regular product, and the 
margin will be affected by the higher end machines, but your top line 
will increase a lot. 
 
Richa Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Richa. Before we take the next participant, I would 
request you restrict your questions to two. We will take the next 
question from Dhawal. Dhawal, you can go ahead please. 
 
Dhawal: 
Yes, Rupesh bhai. I don't have any question. Just wanted to tell you a 
great set of numbers, and your cost structure is something which is 
making us stand apart from our peers. Please keep up the good work, 
and we all are with you. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much, Dhawal. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dhawal. We will take the next question from Tushar 
Sarda. Tushar, go ahead, please. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
20 
 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you very much, Rupesh bhai. Very nice listening to you. You 
said that the iPhone will need 50,000 machines. So please explain the 
market a little more, how big the market will be. And then you made a 
statement that the electronic part and EV will be made, so there will 
be a lot of demand for the machine. So how big will the market be, 
and what are you doing to tap into that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The market is so big, that even the current segment in India, HMC, 
VTL, Double Column, whatever the baskets are, the market is so big 
that you can't execute. They are sitting with big order books. Like I 
said, the top line of one India Company, the balance sheet is INR 
2,000 crores, in the last financial year. In this they have 2 other 
companies, with are not there. So, the group is working on INR 3000 
crores, with a INR 300 crore PAT. So, the industries are so big, that 
you have 3 things, land, resource management, skill manpower, and 
supply chain, if there is, then execution is the only challenge.  
 
The second thing I said is R&D. So, this line is very big. We are 
talking about 50,000 machines. In China, Foxconn, only one company 
has 2.5 lakh machines. So, we are talking about Tata, and only one 
model is being made of Tata, and this is the demand. Now laptops will 
come, now Samsung will come, now ECIC will come, now EV, for Ev 
there will be different Electrical Machine. The EV market has growth, 
they will need more length. They will need the same, VMC, vertical 
machining center, but till now they needed 1,000, now they will need 
3,000, 4,000, 5,000. Only EV machining will be done, the full electric 
body frame of the car.  
 
So, the market for this type of machines, so as I said, if any company 
spends money on R&D, not on JV, not on takeover, not on technology 
transfer, after giving payment, giving them royalty, if they do 
indigenous R&D, it will grow in the future. On supply chain, you do 
vendor development, in India, anywhere in the world. Third, if the 
vendor is not developed, then you do backward integration and make 
that component in-house. Because to make a single machine, 
minimum 1,000 components are required.  
 
Third is training. We are trying through association and AICT, which 
is India's education system, in that, Diploma in Machine Tools, 
Diploma in - BE in Machine Tools, the syllabus should be added, that 
the time it takes us to teach, 3 to 6 months, if that is less, then resource 
management, supply chain, indigenous R&D center, which is not done 
by any Indian company, and skilled manpower. If any company has 
these four challenges, and I believe the fifth is control on expenses on 
control, and on debt. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
21 
 
 
If this is done, then that company, in India, like the world's company, 
Deckel and Maho, Fanuc, then you have Haas, Mori Seiki that comes 
under Fortune 500. So, any Indian company can reach this level in the 
next 10 to 20 years, if we focus on these 4 to 5 things. 
 
Tushar Sarda: 
You explained about iPhone, so in mobile, India is already number 1 
in manufacturing. So, in the rest of the mobile, you feel that... 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Nothing is there now. According to me, India has 200 or 200, 250 
machines, they have tried, of India. The remaining 3,500 to 4,000 
machines have come from Japan.  
 
Tushar Sarda: 
I am not talking about iPhone; I am talking about other mobile. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I am talking of iPhone.  
 
Tushar Sarda: 
No, I am asking about other mobile. We are already number 1 in 
mobile. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
All other mobile companies have now done MOUs, have taken land, 
like you all have more knowledge than me that Samsung is also 
coming to India now. And now what are these people thinking that we 
will make it in-house. As the ecosystem develops, so those people, 
like outsourcing in China, a lot of Foxconn's, even a Foxconn vendor 
is machining with 50 machines. 
 
So, this ecosystem will also develop. India is just starting of mobile. In 
the future, to match that demand, like they have ancillaries in 
automobile, they will also do outsourcing.  
 
Tushar Sarda: 
Rupesh Bhai, my question is different, like this company Dixon, is 
already making mobile and making it in a very large quantity. So, are 
they also using your CNC machines? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
They may have, in China and Taiwan, the Taiwanese companies 
available, and number 1 in this line in the world, is Fanuc, Japan's, in 
this type of machine. So maybe they are using Fanuc or Taiwan or 
Japan, because I think India has made this machine it has only been 3-
4 months. So, the company you are talking about, I don't know about 
them, but it will be 99% will be of foreign companies. 
 
Tushar Sarda: 
Okay, thank you, thank you Rupesh bhai.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, sir. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
22 
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you, Tushar. We will take the next question from Nikhil 
Abhyankar. Nikhil, you can go ahead please. We will take the next 
question from Ajay Surya. Ajay you can go ahead please. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
How many people are there, Vinay ji, total participation? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, there are last two questions. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
How many are registered? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, 100 participants were there at the beginning of the calls. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Oh, highest, this is also a record, right? In all the records this record 
was also made. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Yeah, congratulations sir, on a good set of numbers. Sir, as you were 
saying that manpower is very difficult in this industry. So, sir, now our 
capacity will be 2,000 machines, and as we have signed the MOU, and 
we are going to take our capacity of 7,000-8,000 machines. So, sir, as 
you have previously scaled to 1,000 to 2,000 machines, so sir, how do 
you see the difficulty to acquire new talent or how do you…? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If I talk about manpower, then you can take the general rule of 
manpower, manpower is manpower, whether it is construction or ours. 
We need a little skill. In manpower pilot problem is also there and 
ground staff problem is also there. For manpower, 3-4 things which 
we consider important, your HR department should be strong. We 
have a separate HR team for workers. It works like an entity. The 
office staff, which is of 175-180, for that, a separate HR team. For 
sales, a separate HR team, for service, a separate HR team, and now 
we have done the HR team of West zone in Pune office, North in 
Delhi office, and South in Coimbatore office.  
 
So, you need a strong HR. Second, your training, their job satisfaction, 
their variables, where the company is growing, then manpower should 
also grow. If they want to do order booking, then they get variables in 
salary every month, if they do production, then everyone gets 
variables every month. 
 
So, there are many activities, the first thing is to retain manpower. The 
second thing is that we have facilities available to teach 30 students. 
When the requirement increases in the future, we can also plant a 
batch of 100 we will plan such a thing, where we will move forward 
on larger land area. So, we know this challenge, and for that we have 
been working for many years, because our CFO is connected to the 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
23 
 
Macpower Group for 35 years. So average tenure at Macpower is 
more than double digits. So, less people leave. Our requirement is 
pending, in this month, if I talk about all the departments, then 100 
plus requirements are pending, almost 10%. So, we give it through 
training, so that we can train them according to our needs, and also 
less operating costs. So, for those challenges, Macpower is fully 
ready. If in the future we have 100 batch in the future, then we will 
send people to the market, technocrats. So, I believe that Macpower 
will not face that stage.  
 
The second thing is that in the history of Macpower, no employee has 
been given, even in Corona, a salary deduction of 1 rupee, nor has 
their date changes. Our salary date is on 7th, no one has ever received a 
salary on 8th. If there is a holiday, they get it on 6th. So, all this has to 
be maintained, your employees are your partners, your team members, 
so we understand that very well, and we can say that it is number one. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir, there was another question, after 2,000 machines, the capacity that 
we are going to increase. So, sir, as our history is, we don't take any 
debt. So, sir, the capacity expansion that we will do, will we be strong 
internally, or are we going to raise equity through a funding round? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Sir, you have done INR 25 crores PAT this year. Leaving your 
dividend, there is no expense after that. You don't have to do more 
than INR 25 crores every year. The expansion that you will do, you 
will do it gradually. The capacity of 8,000 will be added, you are 
getting the land almost free. You are doing construction of 2,000 first, 
for which you will need INR 30 crore to INR 40 crores. So, in 2-3 
years, if you generate your own money, you can do this expansion, 
and if needed, if an outside company is being added, which is bringing 
a lot of things, world's distribution network, their technology, then we 
can give them something and move forward. Or we can think of a 
small 10% debt, but I am confident that, in the first and second stage, 
this year's 25 crores, we have a big amount in reserve. INR 50 crores 
in reserve, INR 25 crores in cash. After INR 25 crores, you are getting 
INR 35 crore-INR 36 crores PAT next year. So, I don't think that 
much CapEx will be needed, but we have not thought of it yet. We can 
do it in 2 ways. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Understood sir. Sir, one final question, we hear you and you sound 
very inspiring. Macpower as a company, or you personally, who do 
you get inspired from? Do you see yourself as a next class, or do you 
see yourself as a next Indian player, who Macpower desires to become 
or get aspiration to Macpower? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
24 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If you talk about cricket, I want to do batting like Tendulkar, and 
bowling like a good bowler, and wicket keeping like Dhoni. So, every 
company if you talk about Peer Company, some have a good 
background in engineering, technology, R&D. Some have a good 
experience in distribution, because they have been in the market for 50 
years. So, if I make a list of all this, this is an offbeat question, but if 
you look at the full Indian machine tool industry, then I can see more 
what not to do than what I have to do. 
 
Like there is a company called Bangalore-based, they have a loss of 
INR 2 crores in the revenue of INR1,200 crores, and their CEO's 
salary is INR 4 crores. So, I have seen a lot of such things. Some 
companies have a debt of 1.5 to 2 times their revenue. Some 
companies have an operating cost direct, indirect is 45%, which is 
17% of Macpower, so I think I have to see less of who I should 
become like, and more of who not to become. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Got it. Sir, if I talk about the product side, then if we say that 
Macpower's machines like you said, in mobile manufacturing Fanuc 
machines are world leader. What kind of standard benchmark do you 
have for yourself? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
This industry should be treated like a project company, rather than a 
process and production company. So, 70% are the catalog products, 
30% are specialized, uncertain business because you have 315 models, 
you cannot predict which model will increase the order. So, the 
challenge of the country will be the same as that of Macpower, 
because the country's own resource management, metrology, training 
centers, education systems, supply chain it's of the country. If you take 
it negatively, then it is the country's if you take it positively, then 20 
years ago, we were making 30,000 machines.  
 
I had data on Indian Machine Tools, in 1992, the consumption of 
Indian machine tools was INR 365 crore, and today it is INR 36,000 
crore. So, India is making INR 16,000 crore-INR 17,000 crore in 
consumption and production. So, this country has crossed a big 
challenge, and the next 10 years will be the same. What has not 
happened in the last 30 years that is going to happen, you are all 
analysts, you have more knowledge than me. But if I talk about my 
industry, then there is a simple thumb rule, if the manufacturing sector 
is growing by 1% in GDP, then we have to move 100% forward.  
 
Secondly, in this sector, I have been in this sector for many years, so I 
have seen two challenges in this industry, particularly our customers. 
We do not get power. IT took 2-3 years to get the power application. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
25 
 
They had to run on generator. After that they did not get loans from 
banks, 18%. After that the biggest challenge was SME and MSME, 
excise. They are not registered with the excise. So, the 18% excise 
charges were lost, so on the cost of 10 lakhs, 18 lakhs were added, 
1.80 lakhs. So, value wise capital was expensive for them, because of 
excise. They did not get loans, interest was 15%-16%. They did not 
get power. In today's government policies, if you buy a CNC machine, 
then you get a 25% subsidy. Out of the 10%-12% interest you are 
paying, 8% is reimbursed by the bank, so negligible interest. After 
that, there is a benefit of two or three powers that the unit cost will be 
less, and the government is behind it, if the unit is good without the 
mortgage, then they give loans. So, I have seen a lot of problems with 
loans and power. Today there is no problem there. Today, everyone 
says the same thing, there is no manpower. There is no skilled 
manpower.  
 
So, these challenges come in what I said. So, the growth of the 
country in the next 10 years, of the country, the biggest problem for 
the machine tools industry is that we are only 8 players. Maybe in the 
next 10 years, there will be 10 players, but the amount of demand 
increase, there will not be that many players, and the foreign 
companies will come to India and do production, they do not have a 
suitable environment. Some companies have tried in the past, so the 
easy way is to do joint ventures with someone. In Bangalore, it was 
started by Matek. It was closed in a year. There were many companies 
that came, so the study I did was that the foreign companies like 
Europe and Japan, are like Mercedes and BMW, in which they have 
put so many features, the market of a car worth INR 1 crore, and 
Maruti's INR 5 lakhs, INR 7 lakhs market, Maruti's share is 50%.  
 
So, in India, there is a low cost, minimum entry level, and mid-level 
market segment. The European and Japanese companies are coming 
with a lot of features, which features that they will never put on in 
India. They are not understanding that, and they will not understand 
the Indian working culture, from supply chain to manpower handling, 
so they are fail. But now those people, 6 companies out of 8 
companies, there is some relation with outside. Now the only 
company left is Macpower. So, it is not that easy, the country's 
growth, the machine tools industry has to work hard for the growth of 
the manufacturing segment, in which finance, order, no one has the 
challenge today, and it will not come tomorrow. The biggest challenge 
is R&D, execution, skill manpower. This will be the challenge, and for 
which the Macpower is a master in this line. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Got it, sir. All the very best for the future. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q3 FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 3:00 PM IST 
 
26 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Ajay. We will take that as the last question for the day, Sir, 
would you like to give any closing comment? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Overall, as I said, what the challenge in the industry is, what the 
opportunity is, and once this kite flew, we did what we said for Q2, 
even better in Q3, and even much better in Q4, and the capacity is 
increasing. So, I said in the comment that at an INR 1,000 crores 
whether you have a loss or not even 2% margin, so I don't think it is 
right to turn over INR 1,000 crores. So, I will not give on credit, I will 
control the expense, I do the purchase system contracts myself, 
because money will not come by selling, money will come by buying. 
You consume 65% to 67% material, 17% is your expense direct, in-
direct and 17% should be your margin. The best balance sheet of 
Macpower, the expense of expenditure, their EBITDA is the same.  
 
So, we have almost reached the level, and for future growth, the big 
expansion that we have to do, in that debt is dangerous, I still feel, and 
the cost of land in the market will be INR 70 crore-INR 75 crores. I 
don't want to take that much money from the company, and ruin the 
balance sheet. So, the opportunity that the government is giving us, 
that you will get a lot of privileges, because you come from the sector 
of defense and aeronautics. So, we will move forward through them, 
and the journey that we have started, the promises that we have made, 
will be completed in Q4 and next year FY25. Thank you very much, 
Vinay ji. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Right. Thank you, Sir, and thank you for your detailed responses to all 
queries. Thank you to all the participants for joining us on this call. 
That brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank you 
everyone. Thank you, Sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much. Your record has also broken, Vinay ji, 
congratulations, 100 plus. 
