                              
        
 
 February 18, 2024 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Transcript of the NCLT Convened Meeting – Unsecured Creditors 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Meeting of the Unsecured Creditors of Tejas 
Networks Limited convened on February 09, 2024 pursuant to the directions of the Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN
Digitally signed by 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN 
Date: 2024.02.18 11:34:23 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
Transcript of the NCLT Convened Meeting of the 
Unsecured Creditors of 
 
Tejas Networks Limited 
 
Friday , February 9, 2024  at 11.00 A.M. (IST)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PARTICIPANTS: 
MR. UDAY SHANKAR R M  – CHAIRPERSON 
MR. PRADEEP B. KULKARNI – SCRUTINIZER 
MR. ANAND ATHREYA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT DHINGRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - TEJAS 
NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. N. R. RAVIKRISHNAN – CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER & COMPANY 
SECRETARY -- TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. PARAG NAIK – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SAANKHYA LABS PVT. LIMITED 
MR. VISHWA KAYARGADDE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER – SAANKHYA LABS PVT. LIMITED 
 

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
2 
 
 
Ravikrishnan: 
Dear Members. Good Morning, Good afternoon and Good evening, wherever you are in the World. 
I, N R Ravikrishnan, Company Secretary of Tejas Networks Limited extend a warm welcome to 
all our members for this Meeting of Unsecured Creditors convened as per the direction of the 
Honorable National Company Law Tribunal, Special Bench, Bengaluru vide order dated   
December 7, 2023. As you are aware, this meeting is being called for the purpose of considering 
the 
Scheme 
of 
Amalgamation 
of 
Saankhya 
Labs 
Private 
Limited 
and                                 
Saankhya Strategic Electronics Private Limited with Tejas Networks Limited and their respective 
shareholders. I have with me Mr. Uday Shankar R M, who is the Chairperson appointed by National 
Company Law Tribunal, Special Bench, Bengaluru to conduct the proceedings of this meeting. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and circulars issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India, this meeting is being held through 
video conferencing. A live webcast of the proceedings of this meeting is also provided on the 
website of NSDL. While we have provided remote e-voting facility to the Unsecured creditors 
before the meeting, I would like to inform the Unsecured creditors that the said facility is also 
available during this meeting. The Unsecured creditors who have not yet cast their vote may cast 
the same at the end of the meeting. Please note that members who have already voted on the 
resolution by way of remote e-voting earlier, will not be able to vote again. Participation of 
Unsecured creditors through video conferencing is being reckoned for the purpose of quorum. The 
notice convening this meeting has been sent to all unsecured creditors in advance through 
electronic means, / speed post. An advertisement of the said notice, convening the meeting was 
also published. To avoid disturbances, all the Unsecured creditors who have joined the meeting 
have by default being placed on mute mode. No Unsecured creditors have registered themselves 
as speakers for this meeting. Unsecured creditors seeking any technical assistance during the 
meeting may reach out to the help line numbers provided in the notice. Without taking much time, 
I would request Mr. Uday Shankar R M, Chairperson to take this meeting forward. Over to you, 
Mr. Shankar. 
Uday Shankar: 
Thank you Ravi. Ladies and gentlemen, Good Morning to all of you. As mentioned by the 
Company Secretary, I have been appointed by NCLT, Special Bench, Bengaluru to chair this 
meeting. I would like to start with an introduction of the esteemed Board Members and Senior 
Executives of the Company who are attending this meeting Mr. Anand Athreya, Managing Director 
and CEO, Mr. Arnob Roy, Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sumit Dhingra, 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Parag Naik, Managing Director and CEO, Saankhya Labs Private 
Limited, Mr. Vishwa Kayargadde, Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer, Saankhya Labs 
Private Limited  
 
I also thank the representative of M/s. Price Waterhouse and Company, Statutory Auditors of the 
Company, representative of M/s. Singhvi, Dev & Unni LLP, Internal Auditors of the Company,           
representative of M/s. C Dwarakanath, Secretarial Auditors of the Company who are attending this 
meeting through Video Conference. 
 

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
3 
 
 
 
We have Mr. Pradeep Kulkarni, Practicing Company Secretary to assist us and Mr. Falguni 
Chakraborty from NSDL to advise on the technical aspects of the audio-visual means of the 
meeting. Mr. Pradeep, can you please confirm whether the quorum is present?   
Pradeep Kulkarni: 
Chairman Sir, quorum is present. We can continue the meeting.  
 
Uday Shankar: 
Thank you, sir. The Scrutinizer has confirmed that the quorum for the meeting is present and 
accordingly, I will call this meeting to order. In compliance with various MCA circulars the 
Companies Act read with the rules framed thereunder and the SEBI Listing regulations, the facility 
of remote e-voting as well as e-voting during this meeting has been provided to all the members. 
The remote e-voting facility commenced on Monday, February 5, 2024 at 09:00 a.m. (IST) and 
ended on Thursday, February 8, 2024 at 05:00 p.m. (IST). Those Unsecured creditors who have 
not cast their vote through remote e-voting may vote during the meeting by clicking on the vote 
tab which will be visible on their screens once the voting begins. Unsecured creditors who have 
already voted through remote e-voting will not be able to vote again. Mr. Pradeep Kulkarni, 
practicing Company Secretary, has been appointed as scrutinizer by NCLT, Special Bench, 
Bengaluru to scrutinize the e-voting during the meeting and remote e-voting process to ensure that 
they are conducted in a fair and transparent manner. The rationale and other necessary information, 
including salient features of the scheme are mentioned in the explanatory statement appended to 
the notice convening this meeting which has been circulated to all the members. I shall now take 
the notice convening this meeting as read. In the Notice dated December 31, 2023, the resolution 
proposed for adoption by the Unsecured Creditors is mentioned. Since the resolution, forming part 
of the notice, has already been voted on through remote e-voting and as provided in the secretarial 
standards relating to general meetings, there will be no proposal and seconding of the resolution, 
neither will be there voting by show of hands. The scheme shall be considered approved by the 
Unsecured Creditors if the resolution mentioned in the notice has been approved by majority of 
persons representing three-fourth in value of the Unsecured Creditors e-voting during the meeting 
or by remote e-voting in terms of the provisions of sections 230 to 232 of the Companies Act 2013.  
 
This being the NCLT convened meeting, the results will be reported to the NCLT. I authorize               
Mr. N R Ravikrishnan Company Secretary of the Tejas Networks Limited to receive and declare 
the voting results, along with the scrutinizer’s report, intimate NCLT, Special Bench, Bengaluru 
and the stock exchanges where the securities of Tejas Networks Limited are listed and place the 
same on the website of Tejas Networks Limited. The resolution as set forth in the notice shall be 
deemed to be passed today subject to the requisite number of majority votes after the scrutinizer 
reports to me. Also, Tejas Networks Limited will put up the results on the Notice Board at the 
registered office and the corporate office and on the website of Tejas Networks Limited and NSDL, 
on or before close of business as on February 13, 2024. I now request the members who have not 
voted so far to cast their votes now. Members may note that e-voting window will remain open for 
the next 15 minutes. Over to the Moderator.  
 
 
Moderator: 
I would like to inform that since no unsecured creditors have registered as speakers, we open the 
floor for e-voting.   

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
4 
 
 
Uday Shankar: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, the e-voting window having remained open for 15 minutes and the 
unsecured creditors having voted, the business of the meeting is now complete. I declare the 
meeting closed. I thank all the creditors, auditors and board members for attending the meeting. 
Thank You.  
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
 
