sp~rt'iqCJ INDIA LTD.
(Govt. Recognised
Four Star Export House)
Regd.&CorporateOffice:
Vill. Kanech, NearSahnewal,
G.T. Road, Ludhiana-141120
Ph. (0161) 2845456 to 60 Fax: 2845458
Admn. Office
: 178, Col. Gurdial Singh Road, Civil Lines, Ludhiana-141001
Ph. (0161) 2770954 to 55 Fax: 2770953
E-mail
: sportking@sportking.co.inCINNo.L17122PB1989PLC053162
Website
: www.sportking.co.in
GST No.: 03AAACS3037Q1ZA
SIL/2023-24/SE
Date: 29.01.2024
To
To
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,
Phiroze Jeeheebhoy Towers,
Exchange
Plaza, Bandra
Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street, Mumbai-40000 1
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400051
Script Code: 539221
Symbol: SPORTKING
Subject:
Transcript
of Earnings
Call of Sportking
India Limited
for quarter/nine
month ended 31.12.2023
Dear Sir,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the
earnings call of the Company held on Tuesday 23rd January
2023 to discuss the Company's
Financial Performance for quarter/nine
month ended 31.12.2023.
You are requested to take the above mentioned information on your records.
Yours truly,
For SPORTKINGINDIA LIMITED
LOVLESHVERMA
COMPANYSECRETARY
(ACS:34171)
-
WORKS :'SPO~TKING
SYNTHETICS, Vill.
Kanech,
Near 5ahnewal,
G.T. Road, Ludhiana-141120
Ph
: (0161)
2845456,57,59,60
Fax:
2845458
'SPORTKING
PROCESSOR,
Village
Barmalipur,
Near
Doraha,
G. T.
Road,
Ludhiana
.
141416
Ph.
:
(01628)
244152,
244153
·SPORTKING INDUSTRIES, Village
Jeeda,
NH-15,
Kotkapura
Road, Bathinda-151Z01
Ph
: (0164)
2767763,544,644,744
Fax:
2767844
Lovlesh 
Verma
Digitally signed 
by Lovlesh Verma 
Date: 2024.01.29 
10:37:52 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Sportking India Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MUNISH AVASTHI –CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR –SPORTKING INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP SACHDEVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER –SPORTKING INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEVANSH DEDHIA – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sportking India Limited Q3 and 9 Month 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Devansh Dedhia. Thank you and over to you Mr. Dedhia. 
Devansh Dedhia: 
Thank you Yusuf. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Sportking India Limited, I extend a 
very warm welcome to all participants on the Q3 and 9-Month FY24 Financial Results 
Discussion Call. Today on the call we have Mr. Munish Avasthi, Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Sandeep Sachdeva, Chief Financial Officer. 
Short disclaimer before we start this call, this call will contain some of the forward-looking 
statements which are completely based upon our belief, opinion and expectation as of today. 
These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and will involve unforeseen risks 
and uncertainty. 
With this, I now hand over to Mr. Munish Avasthi, sir, for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Thank you, Devansh. First of all, good afternoon and Happy New Year to all the participants, 
we welcome all of you for this earnings call. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go 
through the investor deck and the press release that we have uploaded on the Exchange. 
The last quarter was a quarter of two halves. The first 45 days, we saw very good export 
demand from our key market, Bangladesh. The other market, China, was a little subdued and 
domestic demand was in total doldrums. But in the last 45 days of the quarter, the domestic 
market picked up post-Diwali and demand has been robust. While Bangladesh market became 
a little subdued because of the impending elections there and China continued to be subdued. 
Locally, we saw that segment-wise, weaving did pretty well. And denim, after a long time, we 
saw the demand picking up a little and knitting continued to be subdued throughout the last 
quarter. 
Looking ahead, we have seen in the last 15-20 days, we have seen some uptick in demand in 
key markets of Bangladesh and China as well. Domestic market continues to do well. We have 
seen some uptick in the demand for knitting yarns also after a long time. 
The cotton prices are at the lowest level relative to international prices for almost 3-4 years, 
which is a good development. The outlook according to us is much better than it has been for 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
the last 6-7 quarters. The western market is our key consumers, seem to be done with their 
stock rationalization. 
Because of the Red Sea issue, we have seen some positive effect on some pre-ponement by 
some buyers because of the amount of time being taken because of the alternate route. Though 
it has affected us, our freight costs have gone up in some markets, which is a very small 
portion, that is about 5% in some markets because of this Red Sea issue. So, in totality, we see 
that the last quarter was something we could see some progress in long, subdued conditions we 
have seen, especially in the domestic market. 
The local market has been down for almost 6-7 months and we saw a sharp uptick in post-
Diwali, which has continued for the last 2 months now. And we saw -- the margins couldn't 
improve that much because there was a lot of capacity idle going on across the spinning sector 
in India, which has now started to fill up more than before. So, we expect -- the volumes have 
increased, we expect the margins to start expanding slowly and steadily over the next 2-3 
quarters. 
Another development was that the remaining capacity for our rooftop solar project has been 
totally operationalized as of now. The company has full 25 megawatts of power available for 
captive consumption. This has been a very important step to keep power costs in check. Now 
that the company operates at a larger scale than before and it's also a small step towards 
sustainability. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Sandeep Sachdeva, who will take you 
through the financial performances of the company. 
Sandeep Sachdeva: 
Thank you Mr. Avasthi. Good afternoon everyone. For Q3 FY24, Sportking India Limited 
achieved revenues from operations of INR598.7 crores up 16.7% year-on-year and a minus 
4.7% quarter-to-quarter basis. 
Shares of export to revenue was 48% as compared to 42%* in the previous quarter. Exports 
have grown 46% Y2Y from INR196 crores to INR287 crores. The gross profit stood at 
INR134.4 crores up 26.4% on Y2Y basis and 14% on quarterly basis. EBITDA for the quarter 
was INR48.7 crores with EBITDA margin of 8.1%. 
* The share of exports in Q2FY24 was 52% and not 42% 
The EBITDA margin improved about 32 bps Y2Y and about 183 bps on quarter-to-quarter due 
to higher gross profits as company benefitted from lower input costs as well as controlled rise 
in employee costs. Profit after tax was INR13.8 crores with a margin of 2.3%. PAT declined 
11% on quarterly basis on account of higher other income in Q2 FY24 and 23.5% on yearly 
basis due to rise in depreciation and interest costs. 
For 9 months FY24, revenues from operations was INR1,766 crores. Gross profit was 
INR370.6 crores with a margin of 21%. EBITDA for 9 months was INR138 crores. Thus, 
EBITDA margin was 7.8%. Profit after taxes was INR447.5 crores with a PAT margin of 
2.7%. I would like to reiterate that reason depreciation has jumped up for the current financial 
year is because of capex for increasing spindles as well as addition of rooftop solar was put to 
use during the start of the current year. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Thank you. I request now moderator to open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from Aniket Kulkarni from BMSPL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. Is there a 
slowdown in the China economy affecting the company's operations in any way? Either a 
direct effect or a spill-down effect if you can explain? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Thank you for the question. Yes, definitely. The Chinese market has been one of the key 
markets for our exports historically. Not specifically for our company, but for our country it 
has been the key market. And the slowdown has affected, but lately we have seen in the last 2-
3 months, last one month we have seen some uptake in the demand from China as well. 
I think the biggest impact from China has been in the synthetic yarn market rather than cotton 
yarn market. So there is some down effect, but it is more pronounced in synthetic yarn than in 
cotton and cotton-blended yarns. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Okay. I have a couple of other macro related questions also. Does the company benefit in any 
way if textile capacities are shut down in Bangladesh due to the recent labour unrest which 
was going on? Does this benefit the company or it harms us? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So I think the recent reports of the slowdown or shutdown in Bangladesh was misreported. For 
us, Bangladesh is a very key market. Almost 60% of our exports to Bangladesh and it 
definitely hurts us more than it benefits if there is some disruption in Bangladesh. 
But we have not seen anything of that sort. Of course there was a slowdown in purchases from 
Bangladesh vendors, because of the impending election and because of the fear of some 
sanctions. There were rumours of sanctions being imposed by US and EU which has since not 
happened and the business is back to normal since then. 
There were elections on 7th January and from 15th January they are back. They were not 
buying for a month, not that aggressively, but I think they are back on the table now. Things 
are back to normal. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Okay. Do we stand to benefit from the UK free trade agreement, if it materializes, because the 
textile duties are expected to come down? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Most definitely. UK doesn't import any yarns, but of course the Indian garment sector will 
benefit hugely and in turn we being a key supplier to those vendors, definitely it will be a big 
boost in the longer term. In short term it will be good for confidence. But in longer term UK 
can be a big market for garment exporters from India. So definitely it will be a huge benefit for 
us in the long term. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
One last question on capacity. If you operate at full capacity including the new ones which 
have come, what kind of revenues can you achieve? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Munish Avasthi: 
So we are fully right now, I think this is the top. So we are looking at revenue of anything 
between INR2400 crores to INR2500 crores for the full year at this capacity. So we are 
working at almost the full capacity. So this is going to be at these prices of yarn, this is going 
to be our run rate for the time being. About INR600 crores plus minus 5% for every quarter. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Okay, understood. Thank you so much for answering my questions and best of luck for the 
coming quarters. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Omkara Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Hi sir. Happy New Year and thank you for the opportunity. So what's your sense to cotton 
prices? It seems like the cotton prices have pretty much cooled down to around INR55,000 per 
candy. What's your take on it? And what is the valuation of inventory that you have of cotton 
that you have at your end? 
Munish Avasthi: 
I didn't get your question. The second of course, I didn't get your question. What are you 
wanting to know? 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay, so it seems like cotton prices have cooled down to around INR55,000 per candy. So 
how is it going at cotton? And what valuation is the inventory holding of cotton? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Okay, so the cotton prices are right now oscillating between INR54,000 and INR55,000. They 
have been here for almost a month now. And as I said in my opening remark, these are the 
lowest prices in relation to international prices for long, maybe three, four years. So, we 
definitely feel there's a lot of value in cotton right now. And this is generally the harvest 
period. So the arrivals are at their peak. 
So this is generally the time and most of the mills, they stock up. So we are also doing that. 
About the exact amount of cotton stock, we don't share that number. So right now, I can just 
tell you that the arrivals are at their peak. So this is the time we generally stock up. And we 
feel this is the right time. In relation to international prices, prices are at the lower end. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay, so it shouldn't fall from your end for the right, like, ideally? 
Munish Avasthi: 
I don't have a crystal ball, but yeah, we feel it's pretty much at the bottom. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Right. So what is the cotton yarn spread this quarter? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So cotton yarn spread was around about INR121. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay, INR121. And it seems like on quarter-on-quarter basis, your margins, your EBITDA 
margins are lower. Is there any particular reason for it? 
Munish Avasthi: 
EBITDA margins were a little higher actually, quarter-to-quarters, by 2%, I think. Not lower. 
If you exclude the other income, they were slightly higher, by 2%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Varun Gajaria: 
Right. Okay. Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshit from Robocapital. Please go ahead. 
Darshit: 
Yeah. Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are. 
Darshit: 
Yeah. So thank you for taking my question. So my first question is, why have the margins 
dipped so significantly like going from 13% to say 8%? If I'm saying, okay, what would be the 
reason for that? And if in case, like, if you're saying that the prices have hit rock bottom, and 
if, say, suppose the margins improve from here, by what, like, within what timeline would we 
go back to the long term 11%, 12% EBITDA margins? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So, margins have been pretty subdued for the last three, four quarters. So it's not some 
phenomenon has not happened like now. So margins have been, in the range of 10% to 8% for 
the last four quarters now. And there are many reasons behind it. First of all, of course, all the 
huge slump in demand across the world, the Western markets, bring their stock, 
rationalization, many other factors. But now, getting back to the normal levels, which were 
12% to 13% for us, I see some roadmap, going towards it. 
 
I believe we should be getting into, it's not in a very distant future. We see some, something 
which we haven't seen for the last four quarters, that is very low prices and good demand. So I 
believe that in two, three months, we should start seeing some uptick in margins also and 
getting, inching towards the normalcy. 
Darshit: 
Okay. Okay. But like any, any kind of like very ballpark timeline, say a year or two, you go 
back to these margins, 11, 12? 
Munish Avasthi: 
I think if all it, it looks like that it might happen, in three to four months. 
Darshit: 
Okay. Okay. Great. That's great. And secondly, do we have any capex plans going forward? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Not as of now. We don't have any major capex plans, just normal upgradation, modernization, 
that's it. 
Darshit: 
Okay. And debt scenario? The debt will remain or are we planning to repay back? 
Munish Avasthi: 
We are continuously repaying our long-term debt. So the debt, which had peaked at around 
INR430 crores, so it is down to INR380 crores now. So we'll be paying, paying it as it comes 
due. So we are in no hurry to repay it. 
Darshit: 
Okay. Okay. Great. And, and finally, just last question, any kind of, not specifically guidance, 
but overview over the next, say two years, what do you think, the revenues might go to? 
Margins you talked about it but what you think about the revenues? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So, as I told you, like for next one year – eighteen months, for at least next one year, we expect 
the revenues between 2400 plus minus 5%, because we are not adding any capacity in next one 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
year. And that's, and they will definitely be in that ballpark. If the prices go up, yeah, they can 
go up by 10%, 7%, 8%, how the prices move. But the quantity wise, we are, so we will be 
sticking to this quantity for next 12 months at least. As we are not adding anything more. 
Darshit: 
Okay. So like we're running at peak capacities and we won't be doing capex. So it will be in 
that range. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yeah, exactly. 
Darshit: 
Okay. Okay. So we are relying on realization to improve and then we'll probably think on 
doing capex? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yes. Yes. 
Darshit: 
Okay. Great. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand that on our 25-megawatt rooftop solar power plant that we have 
set up, sir, what was the capex that we have incurred and what is the expected IRR on this? 
And sir, our quarterly power and fuel cost is around INR40 crores. So by how much will it 
come down going forward due to this? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So our total outlay was around INR85, about INR85 crores on this 25-megawatt. And the IRR, 
I think my team can get back to you separately. We don't have the numbers offhand. And we 
will be saving almost, you can say, around 1 lakh. So our cost, which is, see, some major 
portion of this was operationalized in the last six months also. So the saving, what we are from 
where we were, the saving is almost about... 
Keshav Garg: 
Also, I wanted to understand that… 
Munish Avasthi: 
Cross INR4 crores a quarter. About INR4 crores a quarter. But it goes up in the summer 
months and it comes down in the winter months. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great, sir. Sir, I am trying to understand that we have capability to manufacture cotton yarn as 
well as blended and synthetic yarn from our facilities. So I am trying to understand that how 
fungible is our capacity that depending upon the realization and spread in different segments, 
can we, by what extent can we basically alter our output from cotton yarn to, let's say, blended 
or synthetic yarn? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So synthetic yarn, once you have cotton yarn spindles, you can spin anything on them. It is 
very difficult going from polyester to cotton. It is rather impossible. You have to incur a lot of 
capex. But going from cotton yarn to synthetic yarn is not that difficult. So I think  we don't do 
it because we don't go by monthly outlooks or quarterly outlooks, we go by what, because we 
don't want to disrupt our market and our market share in the segments we are and our expertise 
in the segments we are. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
So that's why we have distributed our spindles according to our market, our customers. So we 
don't take these decisions monthly or quarterly. So if we see a long-term requirement to get 
into a certain segment, only then we do that. So, and for us, it's not that difficult because we've 
biggest capacity is in cotton and from cotton to get into blended or synthetic is not a very big 
investment or a very big change. 
Keshav Garg: 
So basically, out of the roughly INR600 crores revenue last quarter, what percentage was non-
cotton yarn? 
Munish Avasthi:  
So cotton, just one second. 60% was 100% cotton yarn and 35% was polyester, cotton blended. 
Rest was synthetic or waste. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great, sir. Sir, also sir, Q-on-Q our  revenues have come down marginally. So is this due to the 
fall in realization? 
Munish Avasthi: 
It's a combination of, a little bit of accumulation. Like there was some stock which was 
shipped a little late and a little bit like maybe 1% or 2% dip in the realization prices also in 
synthetic and blended yarns. 
Keshav Garg: 
Great, sir. Sir, also sir, what percentage of our cotton yarn would you consider as value-added 
yarn? And sir, going forward, since we are not, we don't have any immediate plans of 
increasing capacity, so can our product mix change so that our revenues can improve? 
Munish Avasthi: 
See, right now, the last 16 to 18 months, the situation has been pretty bad for all kinds of yarns. 
May it be value-added yarns or normal basic yarns or whatever. So, but, so, I think the 
situation will improve for everyone and it is going to improve for everyone going forward. 
About value-added part, we are right now increased it a little bit by maybe 3% in this quarter. 
We have gone into more slub yarns and double yarns, our capacity has increased a little. 
So we are doing it slowly and steadily. We don't have a lot of leeway right now to get into 
more value-added yarns. But whatever we have, we are doing it slowly and steadily and I think 
our portion has increased steadily from I don't have the figures right now, but we can share it 
offline. But it has been going steadily, very slowly, but steadily in the last four-five quarters. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, also, sir, in future, are there any plans to get into knitted or weaving fabric or will we 
continue to be a yarn company only? 
Munish Avasthi: 
We never say never. So right now, we don't have any plans. But as we see the opportunities, 
we see a lot of opportunities in all, in total, textile segment, be it spinning, knitting, weaving, 
everything. So, and garmenting also. So we are looking, weighing, as we go through this lull of 
no expansion, we are weighing all our options and where all we can expand next. So we are 
keeping all our options open. 
 
And the thing, everything is possible right now. We don't have -- we haven't yet decided, but 
everything is possible. We can get into, we have all the options open. 
Keshav Garg: 
And, sir, lastly…. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Garg. May we please request you to re-join the queue as there are 
several participants. 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes, sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. Please proceed. 
Gunit Singh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. Almost all of my questions have been answered, but in 
the last quarter you had guided that we would be able to maintain our top line of Q2 for the 
coming quarters. We saw a marginal decline. So is it safe to say that for the coming quarter, 
looking at our solar plant being operationalized and better demand conditions, we can expect 
to maintain the top line of this quarter and get into double digit EBITDA margins? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Are you talking about the current quarter? 
Gunit Singh: 
Correct. Q4. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Okay. The current quarter, see, I think we are at the turnover, of course, would be around the 
same, INR 600 Crs where we are. About EBITDA levels, it's too early for me to say. We are 
reaching up. Let's see. We cannot commit anything right now. So no guidance. We don't give 
any guidance. But things definitely are looking better than what they were last quarter. So 
we're hoping for the best. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. But we are looking to at least maintain the margins of this quarter, right? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Hopefully. Yes. 
Gunit Signh: 
And for FY25, I mean, the revenues should look around 2400-2500 range. And our -- 
Moderator: 
It seems that we have lost the connection from the current participant. Meanwhile, we'll move 
to the next question from the line of Akshay from JHP. Please proceed. 
Akshay: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir what would be the current order book? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So current, so we generally have an order book of 40 days to 45 days. That is what it is right 
now. 
Akshay: 
Okay. And sir, from various customers, are we getting any signals for revival of demand? Any 
conversation you are having with customers wherein they are saying that they may off take 
more a few months later? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yes. As I said in my opening remark that we are seeing some uptick in demand. It might not be 
too early to call it the revival of demand. But we see many customers, our customers who have 
the utilization levels have gone up in different countries. Some 50-60%. They are working at 
80% now. And even locally, we see it's evident that the capacity utilization of the garment is 
up. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
The orders are up. So, yes, there are some signs that things are getting back towards normalcy. 
Things are getting, so we haven't seen this for last 17-18 months. So, from what we are seeing 
for last one month. So, if it continues, then of course, things get better. It's too early to say that 
this is now -- But we feel that the worst is over and the demand is slowly and steadily coming 
back. It won't be a V-shaped recovery, but we see the demand recovering slowly and steadily 
in the next 6-8 months. 
Akshay: 
Sir, one thing which actually I was just seeing, our inventory days are much lower than what 
our competitors have actually. And that's what actually we are one of the most capital efficient 
players, if I look at. So, what is the reason for lower inventory days generally for us? 
Munish Avasthi: 
So, you see, in September quarter, generally our inventories are always at their lowest. And 
last year was a different year because last year, even in March, we didn't need to carry a lot of 
cotton because of the attitude of farmers. They were not bringing up the cotton crop. So, it 
keeps on changing. It's nothing, it's according to the market, how we feel it's right because 
most of our inventory is in raw materials. 
So, if the raw material coverage is less, then we look to be more efficient. And if it is more, we 
look to be more inefficient. 
Akshay: 
Okay. But I was comparing it with your competitors. So, they are also operating in the same 
environment, right? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Everybody can have a different strategy. So, we don't really know what our competitor is 
doing. 
Akshay: 
Okay. And sir, there is this expo Bharat Tex 2024. So, do we expect any or is it just a normal 
exhibition which is happening or is it going to be a little bit different this time? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Let's see how it is. Definitely, all these expos are good for the country. People can come and 
look at all the opportunities which are available in India. So, let's see. We have to see it to 
comment how good or bad it was. 
Akshay: 
Okay, sir. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Omkara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Hi, sir. And thank you for the opportunity again. So, I just had one question and probably I 
wasn't able to get it through in the last time. Quarter-on-quarter your sales have reduced but the 
EBITDA margins have remained a little bit higher. Is there any particular reason for it? 
Because from how I understand the prices, the price of cotton and the price of inventory -- 
wouldn't have changed as much for the margins to budge. So, yes. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yes. There was, I think, maybe some operational efficiencies because in winter months, the 
power cost goes a little bit down and then there was slight uptake in cotton blended yarns 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
which fetched better margins in the last quarter. So, I think it was a combination of all these 
things and maybe less inventory prices burden. In the last quarter, before that, the loss in 
inventory was more than this quarter. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. And with the new power project that has gotten commissioned, do you expect 
improvement in the margins probably? 
Munish Avasthi: 
No, it's already happened actually. Of course. 
Varun Gajaria: 
So that is already kicked in? 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yes. It is already kicked in. But in the winter months, of course, the contribution of solar 
power is very minuscule. So, in summer months, of course, it should add 150 to 200 bips onto 
the margins. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Determined invest. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yeah. Thank you. I'm sorry I joined the call a little bit late. So, my apologies if this is a repeat. 
But, you know, all of these, you know, Red Sea kind of disruptions, I mean, I see you have a 
fair bit of, you know, share of exports in your revenues. With all of these Red Sea disruptions, 
you know, the trading routes to US and Europe have been disrupted. 
 
Any sort of impact, that you can highlight on your business in the fourth quarter because of 
this? Then I'll ask a second question. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yeah. So, we discussed, in my opening remark, I said something about that. But as you have 
joined late, I'll reiterate. 
 
So, Red Sea issue has benefited us or hurt us. Benefit is that a lot many customers of ours, they 
are being told by their final brands to pre-pone their shipments. So, there is a little bit of pre-
ponement of demand that has happened. 
 
And about the freights, yes, the freights have gone up tremendously in some cases by three 
times, four times. Fortunately, for us most of our markets, the markets where the freights have 
gone up contribute only maybe 4% or 5% of our exports. So, it is not hurting us negatively at 
all. 
 
Most of our customers, vendors who are exporting to US and Europe, so most of these 
shipments are FOB priced. So, I do not think so they are getting hit directly. But of course, if it 
keeps on going on and on, so this will create some kind of inflation effect, which is not 
desirable right now. 
 
So, yeah, in the short term, yeah, it is not hurt us a lot. But in the long term, of course, things 
like this, they never help you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Amit Kumar: 
Thank you. And my second question is, you know, we have seen, I mean, it's been more than a 
year since the UAE and Australia free trade agreements, were also sort of set up. Are you sort 
of seeing any sort of traction, any sort of opportunity, you know, coming in from these 
markets? 
Munish Avasthi: 
These are very small markets for Indian exports, actually. You know, the biggest Indian 
markets for export are, of course, EU and US. So, there will be some benefit, but not for our 
yarns, of course, but for the garmenters. 
 
But because of the base, it is, you don't feel it is a lot. So, it is happening. And I think these 
kind of FTAs, you know, they help you in the long term. You know, the people just don not 
switch to somebody else overnight. So, there must be some things happening, the sampling, 
the new customers, people come and they visit you and they approve factories. So, it is a long 
process. 
 
So, I think, but, of course, these FTAs always help. So, and all these FTAs and all these parks, 
textile parks, big parks, which are coming up in India. So, they are very helpful for the long 
scheme of things. 
Amit Kumar: 
Understood. Thank you. That is it from my side. This has been very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshit from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshit: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the follow up. So, I just wanted to ask a question that we talked about the 
margin increasing. But what would be the additional levers apart from like realization? You 
said that in three, four months, we'll reach to the double digit margins. But apart from 
realization, what else would it be that would take that figure to those percentages? 
Munish Avasthi: 
I think it is mainly it has to be demand. Cost control wise we are doing it is ongoing. We keep 
on doing whatever is possible. But if the demand remains robust and as it is and for a longer 
period of time, because in the last couple of months, there was a lot of inventory lying around, 
which has got consumed. So, that is why the prices did not go up. But they have, they have 
gone up by INR3-4 rupees. 
 
So, that is the biggest lever that the demand and the price is going up because of the demand 
going up.  
Darshit: 
Okay. Got it. And do we have any kind of visibility over a figure, say INR300 crores of 
EBITDA? That happening any time soon? Do we see that happening anytime soon?  
Munish Avasthi: 
You know, it is very difficult to predict. You know, we saw INR600 crores of EBITDA two 
years back, which we never could predict. And we are down to maybe INR200 crores or 
INR220 crores-INR230 crores this year, which was also not predictable. 
 
So, it is very difficult to predict these things in such a volatile time we are living in. There are 
two wars going on. We have got highest interest rate for 20 years in Western world. So, it is 
very difficult to predict this right now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sportking India Limited 
 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Darshit: 
Okay. 
Munish Avasthi: 
We are hoping for it. 
Darshit: 
Great. Great. Okay sir. All the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next follow-up question from the line of Keshav Garg from Counters 
Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
So, last year we did a buyback. So, thank you very much for that. And, sir, one year is about to 
get over. And, sir, now our balance sheet is pretty much delivered. And since we do not have 
any capex plans, sir, if we do a share buyback, our spindles per share can increase without us 
expanding capacity. And, sir, since the stock is also quite cheap, so it will benefit the 
shareholders for all times to come as the number of shares will reduce permanently and 
earning per share will increase permanently. So, kindly consider another share buyback. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Yeah, definitely. You know, these kind of things we always have in our horizon. So, we will 
be evaluating these things in the next 3 to 6 months and see if we do not have any expansion 
program. And if we think so, yeah, then we will consider these things for sure. 
Keshav Garg: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Munish Avasthi for the closing comments. 
Munish Avasthi: 
Thank you. everyone. I would like to thank all the participants for taking out the time to join us 
for this call. We look forward to having continuous engagement with all market participants. 
For any other queries, be free to contact, connect with the Orient Capital our Investment 
Relations Advisors. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sportking India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
