 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Bosch Limited, Hosur Road, Bangalore-560030, Karnataka, India     
Managing Director: Guruprasad Mudlapur; Joint Managing Director: Sandeep N  
Bosch Limited  
Post Box No:3000 
Hosur Road, Adugodi 
Bangalore-560030 
Karnataka, India   
Tel +91 80 6752-3878 
www.bosch.in  
L85110KA1951PLC000761 
Secretarial.Corp@in.bosch.com  
  
 
    
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 – Disclosure of Transcript of the Investors’ Concall 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Please find attached herewith the transcript of the investors' call with Investors/Analysts held on 
February 13, 2024, on the financial results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
for Bosch Limited, 
 
 
 
V Srinivasan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip code:500530 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip code: BOSCHLTD   
February 16, 2024 
VENKATARAM
AN 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by 
VENKATARAMAN 
SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2024.02.16 12:08:33 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Bosch Limited  
Q3 FY '23-24 Post Results Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GURUPRASAD MUDLAPUR – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED  
MS. KARIN GILGES – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BOSCH LIMITED  
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bosch Limited 3Q FY 2024 Post Results 
Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited.  
From Bosch management, we have with us today, Mr. Guruprasad Mudlapur – Managing 
Director and Chief Technology Officer, Ms. Karin Gilges – Chief Financial Officer.  
At this point, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the Management presentations and opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you, Annamalai. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for being part of this Call. 
Today, I will start with a brief on the Global and Indian Macroeconomics, followed by an 
Automotive Market Update. Then I will walk you through our financials. Finally, I will end with 
the highlights of the Quarter affecting our business. 
As per the recent International Monetary Fund report, global growth is projected to be at 3.1% 
in 2024 and rise to 3.2% in 2025. Amidst challenging global macroeconomic environment, the 
Indian economy presents a picture of confidence, positivity, and optimism. The IMF has 
projected that the Indian economy will grow at 6.5% in 2024 with expectations that this growth 
will be sustained into 2025. Strong domestic demand continues to be the main driver for this 
growth. Next slide, please.  
Q3 FY '24 witnessed healthy demand across the segments as overall volumes, excluding two-
wheelers, grew by 4% year-on-year. The two-wheeler segment stood out with an impressive 
19% year-on-year growth, year-on-year on the basis of strong domestic demand during the 
festive and wedding season, while on a low base. 
Three-wheeler volumes have grown by 10% year-on-year as last mile mobility demand has come 
back to near normal.  
Tractor volumes declined by 13% year-on-year, due to uneven rainfall impacting farm cash 
flows, sentiments, and a high base of last year. 
Passenger car volumes grew by 5% year-on-year. Dispatches for SUVs remained healthy, led 
by order book execution and improvement in supply chain situation overall. However, in the 
lower end, passenger cars continued to witness subdued demand. 
Commercial vehicle volumes demand was driven by better demand in underlying industries and 
healthy fleet utilization level, along with revival in bus demand from state transport undertakings 
and fleet operators. 
Within commercial vehicles, medium and heavy commercial vehicle, and light commercial 
vehicle categories grew by 11% and 5% year-on-year, respectively.  

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Sequentially, volumes dipped across segments due to increased production in Q2 of FY '24 for 
festive season demand, post which demand saw some seasonal softness.  
Let's look at the automotive outlook for Calendar Year 2023 and 2024. Next slide, please.  
In this slide, we have illustrated the market's trajectory from the peaks of 2018 through the 
challenges posed by COVID to the subsequent recovery. 2023 volumes indicate a notable shift 
in passenger car demand, light commercial vehicle, and tractor segments surpassing 2018 levels 
and achieving record sales. 
In 2024, we expect that the market may grow at a slower pace due to high base and the national 
election related uncertainties as seen in the past. We anticipate for the upcoming year a moderate 
growth trajectory attributed to the election year dynamics, already high base set in 2023, and the 
impact of erratic rainfall patterns, coupled with quite some global headwinds. Next slide, please.  
Sector-wise sales for the Mobility Solutions area, the mobility business sales have grown, by 
16.8% in Q3 FY '24 as compared to Q3 FY '23. 20.4% growth in product sales of powertrain 
solutions is driven largely due to growth in passenger car and heavy commercial vehicle 
segments. This growth is mainly due to higher demand of SUVs, sustained robust economic 
activity in October to December 2023, and increased content per vehicle, mainly the exhaust gas 
treatment and electronic control units overall. 
The automotive aftermarket business has grown by 8.6% quarter-on-quarter, mainly due to 
increased sales for spark plugs and filters due to higher demand, BS VI requirements and higher 
sale of lubricants due to improvement in product portfolio. 
The two-wheeler business sales have also increased by 7.1% quarter-on-quarter and due to 
easing of semiconductor supply bottlenecks, and additional volume demands due to new product 
launches by OEMs. 
The Beyond Mobility Solutions sector sales have grown by 32.5% in Q3 of FY '24 as compared 
to Q3 of FY '23.  
The consumer goods business comprising of the Power Tools segment has grown by 30.5% 
quarter-on-quarter, mainly due to higher demand for blue tools driven by higher sales through 
ecommerce.  
The Building Technologies area grew by 18.1%, mainly on account of completion of major 
projects for installation of security systems. Next slide, please.  
The profitability statement: 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
The overall revenue from operations for October-December 2023 stood at INR 42,052 million, 
which is an increase of 14.9% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year, 
mainly driven by growth in product sales by 18.5%. 
Income from services mainly comprises of engineering and application services provided to 
Indian OEMs and to Bosch in Germany. Service income recognized during the quarter was 
mainly towards completion of BS VI Stage 2 projects. 
Other operating income mainly includes income from lease rentals, export incentives and 
miscellaneous income. The decrease is mainly on account of lower receipt of export incentives 
in the current quarter. 
Material cost as a percentage of total revenue from operations is at 62.3% in October-December 
2023 as compared to 60% in October-December 2022.  
However, the material cost as a percentage of net sales, that is excluding income from services 
and other operating income, is at 65.4% in October-December 2023 as compared, to 64.9% in 
October-December 2022. The increase is mainly on account of change in impact mix, higher 
share of traded goods and adverse FOREX impact on imported materials. 
Personnel cost for October-December 2023 is at INR 3,343 million as compared to INR 2,725 
million in October-December 2022. The increase is mainly on account of year-on-year salary 
increases. Also, the current quarter had certain one-time impacts related to employee provisions. 
Other expenses stood at INR 6,713 million, 16% of total revenue in October-December 2023 as 
compared to INR 7,890 million, which is 21.6% of total revenue in October-December 2022.  
The current quarter expenditure has decreased mainly on account of lower spending on new 
businesses, due to sale of the Project House Mobility Solutions business in July-September 2023 
and lower expenditure on customer projects for engineering and application services, which is 
in line with lower income from services. 
Depreciation for the current quarter is at INR 1,173 million, 2.8% of total revenue as compared 
to INR 1,083 million, which is 3% of total revenue in October-December 2022. The increase in 
depreciation in current quarter is on account of additions during the year, mainly in plant and 
machineries. 
With this, the operating profit stood at INR 4,611 million in October-December 2023 as 
compared to INR 2,954 million in October-December 2022, which is an increase of 56.1%.  
The other income primarily consists of interest on fixed deposits, inter-Company loans, and 
change in market value of mutual funds, which are debt-based. The other income has increased 
from INR 1,312 million in October-December 2022 to INR 1,548 million in October-December 
2023, mainly on account of increase in interest income. 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
For the quarter ended October-December 2023, your Company posted a profit before tax before 
exceptional item of INR 6,120 million as compared to INR 4,246 million in October-December 
2022. As a percentage of total revenue from operations, profit before tax before exceptional item 
stood at 14.6% of total revenue in the current quarter. 
Profit before tax after exceptional item stood at INR 6,708 million in October-December 2023 
as compared to INR 4,246 million in October-December 2022. As a percentage of total revenue 
from operations, profit before tax after exceptional item stood at 16% of total revenue in the 
current quarter. 
Profit after tax for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, stood at INR 5,181 million, which is 
12.3% of total revenue from operations. Profit after tax in October-December 2022 was INR 
3,189 million, which is 8.7% of total revenue from operations. 
The Company based on its reassessment of its Mobility Business and the applicable regulatory 
changes pertaining to emission norms in India has reversed the unutilized portion of the 
employee restructuring provision made in 2020 and 2021 amounting to INR 588 million. The 
same is considered as an exceptional item in the current quarter. 
As a special announcement, we are privileged to state that Q3 FY 2023-24, the Board of 
Directors, in today's meeting, declared a special payout in the form of an interim dividend of 
INR 205 per equity share. Next slide, please.  
Towards the Company's sustained efforts towards technological achievements, the Company has 
set up its first Fuel Cell Power Module, or FCPM, as a part of its Powertrain Solutions business 
in its Research and Development facility in Bangalore. 
This module was assembled in Bosch Germany and was imported to India with the aim of getting 
hands-on experience on fuel cell systems. The demonstrator will enable us to capture system 
requirements for India, conduct functional tests, and help us develop local competency in fuel 
cells. Next slide.  
At the recent Bharat Mobility Global Expo held between February 1st and 3rd at New Delhi, the 
entire spectrum of the mobility value chain in India was showcased under one roof, reflecting 
India's growing stature as a leading global mobility player. 
At this expo, Bosch Mobility India showcased its extensive portfolio of mobility technologies 
featuring cutting edge innovations including the demo truck with hydrogen engine and 
connected vehicles with Advanced Driver Assistance Systems or ADAS with integrated 
telematics on board. 
Additionally, Bosch Mobility highlighted solutions developed for passenger car market for 
electrification, two-wheeler technologies, mobility aftermarket, digital mobility platforms, and 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
connected mobility solutions. This was well received from the customers, industry, and 
government bodies. Next slide, please.  
I am delighted to share that Bosch Limited has secured the Great Place to Work certification for 
fourth consecutive time, marking our ongoing commitment to excellence on the five dimensions 
of high trust, high performance culture, around credibility, respect, fairness, pride and 
camaraderie. This recognition serves as a testament to the Company's commitment towards 
creating a credible and fair workplace for our employees. Next slide, please.  
Thank you for your contribution and for listening patiently through the call. We will now address 
your questions. Thanks, and open for questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The first question is from Pramod Kumar. Please unmute and ask your question. 
Pramod? 
Pramod Kumar: 
Component of traded goods has fallen meaningfully on a quarter-on-quarter basis on a stable top 
line. So, if you can just help us understand this? And also, does this have anything to do with the 
sequential drop in consumer business? And also on the other expenditure side, you did allude to 
some lower spending here because of lower activity on the services side. So, do you expect this 
run rate to kind of pick up again as you enter 4Q, which is commercially a bigger quarter in the 
Indian context? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes. So, I will let my CFO get in with the details, and I will chip in after that. 
Karin Gilges: 
Regarding your first question regarding the traded goods, of course, we have a change all the 
time from quarter-to-quarter. In general, we are, in principle, going ahead with localization. 
Nevertheless, for the next quarters, we do not expect a big change due to the fact that the effect 
out of our hard localization work will need some time. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Sorry. Just to clarify, are you indicating that the drop in the traded goods on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis is led by localization improvement? 
Karin Gilges: 
Well, actually, if you look at the quarter, October to December 2022, compared to the quarter 
October to December 2023, it has increased from 51% to 55%. Yes. So, we expect this share 
that we do not have a significant change in the next upcoming quarters. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Well, Pramod, we will continue to localize as we have committed and this will bring down, the 
traded part and increase the localized part, but this will not happen overnight. And this is 
something that you will see quarter-on-quarter, or every half year, you will start to notice the 
differences as we move forward. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And on other expenditure side, sir? 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Karin Gilges: 
So, for the other expenses, there is one thing. If we compare the quarter-on-quarter '22 to '23, as 
you know, in the last quarter we had a sale of business. And of course, the spendings for this 
business, which we throw in Bosch Limited (RBIN), the spendings does not occur anymore.  
 
Then you have all the time in the quarter to see for the customer project, what is our income 
from service and we show the cost part in the other expenses as subsequent and the warranty 
expenses compared to '22, we had a little bit less.  
 
Then we have each quarter, we evaluate or reevaluate our payables, and we have either exchange 
gain or exchange loss. And of course, here in the other expenses, you also see the one-time cost 
of the technical access fees, which are very important. If we look from the quarter '23 to '22, we 
have a little bit lower technical access fees.  
 
Meanwhile, looking at the quarter July-September '23 to October '23, you can see a little bit a 
higher share of technical access fees. Technical access fees is for us, of course, also very 
important indicator if we go ahead with the localization. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And the second question is on the business mix. If you can just broadly help us understand, how 
much would be our exposure to the automotive segments of commercial vehicle and tractors, 
broadly, if that is something which you have kind of broadly. I am not looking for the exact 
number, but a broad range. Is it like closer to 50% of your automotive revenue, or if you can just 
help us understand a bit of context there, please? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Pramod, we do not split our business results in that category you asked for, and I do not go into 
that right now. 
Pramod Kumar: 
So, then can I ask a substitute question, sir, if you don't mind, on electrification? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Sure. Go ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Sir, on electrification, if you can just help us understand the progress you are making with 
electric two-wheeler mobility and electric cars? Because there is a lot of buzz happening in the 
E-two-wheeler space, a lot of new launches coming in, a lot of products unveiled. So, how are 
we participating in those endeavors, sir? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, you are right. I think there is a lot of buzz. A lot of it is also hype. So, you should be able to 
distill what is reality in that buzz and look at what is realistic long-term prospect for 
electrification. We believe certainly the two-wheeler commuter segment of scooters will have 
significant growth in electrification in the coming years. That's the fundamental statement, and 
we will work to make that happen. 
 
We have a good presence in this two-wheeler space right now. We supply OEMs, hub motors. 
We have got new categories introduced in hub motors which are also offered now to OEMs in 
India. So, the two-wheeler electrification segment is doing well. We have also localized lines 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
for the motors, and this also helps OEMs get substantial PLI benefits as a consequence. So, the 
two wheeler part is going quite okay.  
 
In terms of the passenger car segments, we are in early discussion with OEMs on our passenger 
car electrification portfolio. And as and when we have an acquisition, or we have a business win, 
we will update you further, but there is a lot of discussion happening. 
 
Also, keep in mind that we will only do things which will ensure good margin and good return 
on our investments here. There are players who are trying to come in at any cost, and that's not 
our aim in the electrification space right now. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks for that clarification, because we have seen some of the other component players claim 
big wins at competition expense and the hub motor market. But I am just trying to understand, 
is Bosch not willing to look at the EV landscape differently in terms of the fact that the margins 
are expected to be lower there, given that the number of parts is kind of shrinking? Or is the 
expectation that even on the EV side, you should be making margins, which are in line with your 
ICE margin profile historically? So, I am just trying to understand what's the thinking there? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, it's a very, very good question. So, we know what's happening globally, and the reality you 
explained is exactly what is happening globally, either very low margins, or no margins at all, 
and no path towards profitability in several markets right now, and that's how electrification is 
playing out in several geographies. Even in China, where there is significant electrification 
penetration, almost nobody other than Tesla is making money today. 
 
We have, as Bosch, we supply quite a lot in the Chinese market, and we have just broken even 
this year. So, it's not true that we will not enter markets where we know the margins are lower. 
We certainly know in electrification globally, the margins are going to be lower, but we will not 
do this to completely spoil everything with regard to our overall margin profile. 
 
So, we do the right things as far as possible. Where it is a strategic win and we have to work 
with the OEM to build margins in the short, mid-term. We will certainly do that. But if there is 
no path to profitability, I think those are not areas where we are jumping sort of with joy. 
Pramod Kumar: 
And we would look forward to meeting you in person, sir. We have been covering the name for 
long enough, but if you provide us opportunity to come down to Bangalore and meet you, that 
would be really great. I will send in a formal request. Thank you sir. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, sure. Pleased to and we will support. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Pramod. The next question will be from Jinesh Gandhi. Please unmute yourself and go 
ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
My first question is on this other expenses. Would you be able to indicate what level of other 
expenses have reduced because of the sale of Project House Mobility Solutions? 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, we can do that. 
Karin Gilges: 
Yes. So, besides the Project House Mobility Solutions, so I would... 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No, the question was what has changed, because of the sale of Project House Mobility Solutions? 
That's right, Jinesh, you are asking what has specifically changed with regard to the sale of 
Project House Mobility Solutions? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. And what level of reduction has happened in other expenses because of that? 
Karin Gilges: 
So, it is roughly INR 470 million in the other expenses. And this was, of course, an investment 
now we sold due to known reasons, this mobility house. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And was there any FOREX gain in this quarter in other expenses, or there was loss only? 
Karin Gilges: 
If we go from the quarter-on-quarter between '22 and '23, we see a decrease coming partially out 
of the spendings as just mentioned. And then we had an exchange gain, one-time expenses, and 
the warranty expenses. And therefore, you see a reduction between '22 and '23, perhaps in 
general, to the other expenses. We are striving, in a normal business case, roughly between, or 
roughly about 14.5% in a normal business. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
14.5%. Got it. And lastly, I believe there is updation on the timelines for Trem-V norms for 
tractors. So, any clarity from government on that side, A, with respect to the timelines, and B, 
with respect to whether it's linked to production or sales? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, there is no further update. We believe that the norms are due for '26 right now, and this also 
seems to be the general consensus of the OEMs we speak with right now. So, we are counting 
on that date to be the valid one. Of course, there could be a change of this post elections, if at 
all, and we will monitor that and keep track of that. In terms of our preparedness to deal with 
Trem-V, we are now fully ready. We will be able to take on Trem-V at very short notice 
internally. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Jinesh. Next question will be from Pramod Amthe. Please unmute and ask your 
question. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Relating to the same tractor norm, if I am right, it was supposed to come this year and it's getting 
delayed. How does such things impact your capital allocation policies and also the fact that, will 
that be a drag for you till the time it actually goes live? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Yes, it does impact to some extent, but since we knew the Trem-V delay pretty early on, of 
course, it's not just the government we speak with. We also speak with the industry. We are 
participating in the industry bodies, ATMA, SIAM, and several sources. So, we were quite clear 
that the delay is coming, and we were quite well prepared. So, it does not really have a major 
impact for us right now. 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Pramod Amthe: 
Second one is with regard to the Project House Mobility Solutions sale. You called out for the 
quarter, what's the saving. Would you be similarly able to give us last year, what was the spend 
on annualized basis so that we can take it off hopefully? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Overall numbers were already shared in the previous calls. Do you have it right now? 
Pramod Amthe: 
And the impact is only on the expenses side, or does it also have any revenue implications? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Just hold on. Now we are just looking at, trying to fetch the numbers from last year. It's about 
net INR 1,400 million. 
Pramod Amthe: 
It's broadly uniform when you call out for the 470 million for the quarter? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
That's correct, yes. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Is there any revenue implication also for this or is it only the cost element which you are 
spending? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No, the revenue was extremely small. And I think we spoke about this during previous calls on 
the logic and rationale for us to hive off this part. There was almost no revenue that we could 
count. It was in a more or less investment phase where we were developing the solutions, 
developing the technology, building the platform, and we were not really having a lot of 
customer traction. And one way to increase the traction was to take it global and we realized that 
our parent is the best one to do it and that was the primary reason for the hive off. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Last one is, what's the outlook you are getting from the customers for the M&HCV side, which 
might be lumpy for you also? And is it still on a growth or you are preparing for, how are you 
preparing your capacities? Is there a rundown for next one year? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, the HCV and the Medium Commercial Vehicle segment has bounced back from its lows. 
We expect that it will continue to moderately grow in the coming year. We do not expect a very 
big growth in the MCV segment. I think we are currently around 2023 Calendar Year, we were 
at 670,000 units for LCVs and 430,000 units for HCVs. We expect it to remain flat or maybe 
have a very small, between 3% to 5% growth. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Pramod. The next questions will be from Viraj Kacharia. Please unmute and ask your 
question. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just a couple of questions. First one on the other expenses part. Now, if I adjust for the impact 
of the sale of Project House Mobility, still the other expenses has kind of declined by 10%, while 
the revenue growth has been almost 14%, 15%. Which of the larger factors has driven this? I am 
just trying to understand in terms of sustainability, how should one really understand this. 
Because even after this, we are still around 16% of sales in terms of other expenses versus what 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
we talked about 14, 14.5% as a sustainable piece. So, where do you see further avenues to further 
reduce it? That is one. 
 
And second is, you know, if you look at the parent commentary as well, recently they talked 
about the new age businesses. So, the maturity from the new age businesses in terms of scale 
and profitability will take much more, longer than what they thought it to be. So, when we look 
in there in terms of investments and P&L and generally in new age businesses, how is our overall 
approach or orientation, if at all, has any changes? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I will take the second part of your questions, and I will let my CFO comment on more details on 
other expenses. It looks like other expenses seem to be a hot topic. So, we will try and do one 
last good explanation there.  
 
But firstly, your question on what the parent commented about how the market is developing 
globally. So, it's clear that there was a lot of hype in electrification. And what has happened 
largely as a consequence of early introduction of several vehicle categories and new models into 
the electrification market in the advanced economies, the market started to pick up. That was 
also on the basis of significant subsidy that was offered in advanced economies by most 
countries.  
 
So, the market growth started. And as you know, most of these early vehicle adopters are people 
who are interested in technology, who are willing to pay a high price, $35,000 to $60,000 and 
above. And that's the typical category of people who would buy these cars, and they also have 
another car for a longer-range drive or a family purpose, and they have an EV to come in 
addition.  
 
I think what's happening now is that there is a gradual pull-out of subsidies all over the world. 
And in addition, what is also happening is the market or the penetration levels of this niche 
category of people who would buy these cars has also started to saturate in a way.  
 
And that leaves an entry point into the mass market area, where currently the number of models 
in the world catering to sub-$25,000 car or $25,000 to $35,000 car, $1,000 vehicle, which is 
more or less the mass market EV in Europe or North America or China is very, very minimal 
right now.  
 
This is also limited to quite an extent because of the current prices of components, the current 
prices of EVs, manufacturing, and of course, heavy investments coupled with the battery prices 
as they are. Although all of these elements have reduced considerably, they are not yet at a point 
where most EV companies can have a sustainable, profitable EV operation into this market.  
 
So, with this background, we realize that talking to several big OEMs globally, the margin 
pressure is extremely high, and the OEMs are reluctant to further continue, in a way, subsidizing 
or trying to lose margins pushing EVs into the market.  

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
So, there has also been a little bit of a slowdown in this. We expect this not to be the long-term 
approach of OEMs, and they will probably come back with new cost economics on components, 
and battery prices also coming down. And this is true in the largest EV market today, which is 
China, where every OEM is virtually, almost all OEM is making money there, specifically on 
the EV product categories, except for Tesla. And this has been a real virtual bloodbath in China, 
which is also very similar in several advanced markets.  
 
So, with all this in the background, we made the statements, you are quoting right now, that our 
push into electrification will be measured in line with what the OEMs want and how the market 
develops as we move forward. We have the base technologies already available. We are maybe 
the first tier 1 in the Chinese market to breakeven today. Nobody else has our scale and 
breakeven point in the market.  
 
But in several advanced economies, be it Europe or North America, it's still a big struggle. And 
because of this precise reason, we made those announcements that we will be guarded. We will 
be conservative. We will go with the OEMs, but watch them do the right things, and then go 
along with it.  
 
So, that's the long answer, but hopefully it gives you the full background. I will let my CFO 
continue with the other costs, other expenditure, and then we will take on other questions. 
Karin Gilges: 
So, regarding the other expenses, besides the fact, of course, that we are implementing cost 
measures to get a better fixed cost absorptions, we have three main topics. And this is the 
customer project, what you see in the revenue of services, whenever we have in our customer 
project, and these are mainly application projects out of the R&D area.  
 
Whenever we have an SOP in the project, we show the revenue under the revenue for the 
services, and the complementary costs are shown in the other expenses. And of course, 
depending in which quarter, how many SOPs for customer projects we have, the other expense 
is fluctuating in accordance with the revenues.  
 
The second part is the warranty expenses. We are looking very carefully all the time in our 
warranties, and there you have also from quarter-to-quarter, depending what is coming up, you 
have a change in the warranty expenses.  
 
The third part is where you see a fluctuation sometimes to the positive side, means a gain, 
sometimes to the negative side, means a loss, are the revaluation of the payables. And this is also 
then shown in the other expenses. 
 
So, these are three major topics where we see a fluctuation. And the figure I gave beforehand is 
an average, which is a normal business, but can, of course, be, from quarter-to-quarter, either a 
little bit more or a little bit less, and this we will then explain to you. 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just two questions and I will come back in queue. Again, on other expenses, you know, if I look 
at the history, the recent last few years history, we have been upwards of 16%, 17%. And that 
also includes some bit of the spends in new age businesses which we have been doing. So, in the 
past, we talked about, say, upwards of 1.5%, 2% of sales towards these new age businesses.  
 
So, the question on parent was largely to understand if they are slowing down and they are also 
looking into the portfolio realignment and restructuring. When it comes to the listed entity, are 
we also looking at similar measures in either lowering the spend or anything on that sense?  
 
Then second is, you know, other than the three factors you talked about, which will be the larger 
driver in terms of the moderation in other expenses, to say 14.5%, 15%? So, that is one. 
 
And second question was on the Hydrogen ICE part. Given the kind of infrastructure facilities 
we have for diesel, would the large part of that facility be used for Hydrogen ICE? Because what 
we understand, players like Reliance are looking to convert almost 5,000 to 6,00 trucks of their 
fleet towards Hydrogen ICE in 2024 itself. So, any perspective you can give there for us? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
I will take the last two questions from your side. Hydrogen ICE, you are right, a lot of what 
hydrogen ICE is as a technology will ride on base technology of diesel or any gas injection. So, 
it's very similar. So, for us also, it's pretty similar. The component themselves need a complete 
redesign. They need to be qualified for hydrogen.  
 
Hydrogen, as you know, is a very combustible element and has high corrosive properties. So, 
we need to redesign the components in a very, very different way. And besides that, it's largely 
what we would have in the diesel or CNG era.  
 
What also is unique here is the hydrogen tank infrastructure, which comes onto a vehicle and of 
course, all the monitoring, safety provisions that come in, lots of sensors, additional sensors and 
management of the overall safety of the vehicle. So, these are unique things. But besides that, 
you are largely correct that hydrogen ICE is an easier platform for any OEM to adopt and be 
first in the market.  
 
Hydrogen ICE also is more acceptable in the levels of impurity of hydrogen and can work quite 
well with gray hydrogen. So, that also is a good starting point for us. And as we move towards 
green hydrogen, it only gets better, and that's where even the fuel cell trucks will make a lot of 
sense. So, yes. So, overall, your view on hydrogen ICE is pretty correct.  
 
You tried to make a comparison of what the parent announced to what is likely to happen in 
India. I would not agree on that, because what parent announced is uniquely global, and there 
are uniquely advanced markets where the situation of OEMs and electrification and new 
technology adoption is at a very different level compared to anywhere else in the world, in the 
developing world, and especially in India. 

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So, if you take, in pure electrification context, the Chinese market today is probably the most 
advanced and the most volume driven market. So, they have very high levels of penetration, and 
very high levels of electric vehicle technologies brought in already, even compared to Europe or 
North America. Of course, the exception globally is Tesla, which is doing similar things all over 
the world.  
 
But besides that, it's a very China-dominated market, and all other regions are still struggling to 
find their way into this segment, including have a good level of control on the value chain of 
various components, not necessarily the motors and power electronics that we offer, but the 
entire value chain for EV, in that context, be it from manufacturing of cells, which is more 
critical, getting the right kind of components, or materials for cell manufacturing and all that, is 
a whole new ballgame, and several of them are still grappling with that hold on the value chain.  
 
So, what is happening in the advanced economies with regard to electrification is not comparable 
to us in India right now. And in that context, we do not see anything that the parent announced 
globally as withholding factors for us in India. We are doing what is required in the Indian market 
and what the Indian OEMs are asking. 
 
And as you know, the Indian electrification penetration today is less than 2%. And currently 
most of the EVs today in India are sort of ICE platforms, which are converted to EV, and that 
will shift to Born EV platforms soon. But it's not yet happened. Maybe '24 and '25 will see the 
first arrival of Born EV vehicles in India, while this is the norm in most advanced economies 
already today. 
 
So, the situations are not comparable. And what our parent announced and is relating as an issue 
globally with OEMs serving these markets is not something similar in India. So, that broadly 
covers the answer. And I will let Karin come back again one more time on the other expenses. 
Karin Gilges: 
Other expenses, yes. So, the biggest lever for sure are the customer projects, where we have a 
very good recovery. Customer projects are very important for us, because these are application 
services we provide to our customers, and this is often a door opener to new and further 
businesses with our big customers.  
 
So, therefore, whenever I see the customer project and we have an SOP, then even as a CFO, I 
am looking forward to it because it shows that we are good on track and that we have a very 
good trust base with our customers to give us the application or to award us with the applications, 
which is the door opener, as I said, for the further business with them.  
 
If I look at the, let's say, in brackets, the normal operating expenses, we are doing permanently, 
not cost measures in the classical sense, but process optimization. We try to use our structures 
as best as possible and we, of course, have a look that we have a very good, fixed cost absorption 
also in the other expenses.  

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
So, if I divide the other expenses into normal other expenses, we see a very good progress in our 
normal operating expenses. And if I look into the extraordinary things, then, of course, we have 
the exchange rate which is fluctuating and the warranty issue plus biggest lever, the cost of the 
customer projects. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Viraj. Due to lack of time, we will take the last question from Senthil Manikandan. 
Please unmute and ask your question. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
First question is with respect to the electric vehicle, particularly on the two wheeler side, if you 
can share, nine-month basis, what could be our share of sales from this segment? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Actually, Senthil, we don't divide it that way. So, I would not get into that. And anyway, all I 
can say is, it's very, very early days. We have good designs in the two-wheeler electrification 
space with regard to our hub motors and electronics. But it's still very early days. We do not 
share that level of detail right now. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
The second question is with respect to the PLI scheme. So, if you can just update, where are we 
on the PLI scheme? Any development with respect to the certification or approvals? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, as you are aware, we qualified for PLI not just as Bosch Limited, but also another Bosch 
Group Company, Bosch Automotive Electronics, which is a major supplier for us, contract 
manufacturer for Bosch on electronics, Bosch Limited as electronics. So, we have qualified. We 
have started, we have invested based on, not just based on PLI, but because we anyway had to 
do these things for the market. 
 
The disbursements on PLI have not started yet. And there are several checks and audits going 
on with regard to whether we meet the domestic value-add requirements, how do we do it. 
Specifically, for example, in our electrification area, there have been checks on whether the 
localization content is okay, whether the domestic value-add is in line with what we have 
declared. So, these things are ongoing. 
 
We hope to start benefiting from this as we move forward in 2024. But as of now, just like in 
most other industries, there is no disbursement of PLI, but we are hopeful that the commitments 
will come through as we move forward, and we hope to benefit from that. 
Senthil Manikandan: 
Just a last question from my side with respect to the hydrogen truck that you showcased in the 
recent Bharat Mobility Expo. So, if you can just share some timelines from the commencement 
of this project? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
So, see, what I can share with you is how well are we prepared with regard to providing 
technology to the OEMs. Eventually, we don't make trucks. The OEMs make them. We provide 
them all the technology relevant to converting or making a ground-up hydrogen truck running 
on BS IV. So, we have the systems in place.  

 
Bosch Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
We have not just showcased the truck in our booth, we have worked with OEMs. OEMs are 
piloting these trucks in their own locations. Several of them have more than 10-20 trucks built, 
and they are testing them out. So, it's a new technology, and you must realize that it's also a 
technology which has quite some challenges in introduction, not just from the truck side, but 
also from the infrastructure side. So, we also need to have hydrogen dispensing stations 
developed and hydrogen production starting and preferably green hydrogen production.  
 
So, all this is work in progress. So, I do not want to hazard a guess on how quickly this will 
come in, but in the next one year, I would say, we should start to see some pilots for sure based 
on the rapid progress OEMs are making, with our technology to test them out and get them into 
the roads. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Senthil. Do you want to make any closing comments, sir? 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
No, I think the only thing I would say is overall, we have had a good traction with regard to our 
developments, market volumes, and also sales and EBIT performance. Next quarter is going to 
be maybe flat or very small growth and we hope to do well as well. So, yes, the market is looking 
up.  
 
There is an upcoming election, as you all know. So, there is an element of conservativeness in 
how we look at it. And this we have also sort of calibrated with OEMs around what happens 
during a typical election season. So, that's where I would like to leave it.  
 
There are considerable global headwinds. I talked about it earlier when I presented, and the 
global economy as such, especially the advanced economies, are not doing really well, and this 
is likely to continue to be a major headwind in the Western markets for the year, and several 
dynamics are at play here. And there is also this Red Sea issue, which is affecting logistics to 
some extent, and thereby logistics costs and so on.  
 
So, there are several of these headwinds, but we are doing our best to manage them and do the 
best we can, as we move forward. So, be assured, we are putting in our best efforts. 
Guruprasad Mudlapur: 
Thank you. 
Karin Gilges: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, sir. On behalf of B&K Securities, we thank all the participants for joining the call. 
Special thanks to Bosch Management for taking time out for the call and giving us the 
opportunity to host the call. Have a good day. 
NOTE: This transcript may not be 100 percent accurate and may contain misspelling and other inaccuracies. This transcript is 
provided "as is", without express or implied warranties of any kind. 
