                                                              
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze JeeJeeBhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
“Exchange Plaza” 
5th Floor, Plot No. C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
SCRIP CODE : 523367
SCRIP CODE : DCM SHRIRAM
 
Sub: Transcript 
of 
Investors’ 
Earnings 
Call 
under 
SEBI 
(Listing                        
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of the 
Investors’ Earning Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023, held on February 02, 
2024. 
 
The above said Transcript will also be available on the Company’s website i.e. 
www.dcmshriram.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Your faithfully, 
For DCM Shriram Ltd. 
 
 
 
Sameet Gambhir 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Dated : 08.02.2024 
 
Encl.:  as above 
 
Sameet 
Gambhir
Digitally signed by Sameet Gambhir 
DN: c=IN, st=Haryana, 
2.5.4.20=921ab8d2d6c2c04a42a6b4a8e20a02c8ae1856
eacb7247cf4e6313b8375fe28e, postalCode=122002, 
street=U-18/10, First Floor,,Dlf City, Phase 
3,Gurgaon,Nathupur67,Nathupur,Gurgaon, 
pseudonym=74d46e4595206dc849077d9eb225934a, 
serialNumber=ceb4fa0e04e7003f2f672a817d318d295c
12051b4107f319e7b9e03db38a4c42, title=9250, 
o=Personal, cn=Sameet Gambhir 
Date: 2024.02.08 11:37:06 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DCM Shriram Limited 
Q3 & FY’24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the DCM Shriram Limited 
Q3 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar of CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon and welcome to DCM Shriram Limited's 
Quarter 3 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Ajay Shriram -- Chairman & Senior Managing 
Director; Mr. Vikram Shriram – Vice Chairman & Managing Director; Mr. Ajit 
Shriram -- Joint Managing Director; Mr. Aditya Shriram -- Deputy Managing 
Director; and Mr. Amit Agarwal -- CFO of the company. 
We shall have remarks from Mr. Ajay Shriram and Mr. Vikram Shriram today. 
Members of the audience will get an opportunity to pose their queries to the 
management following these comments during the interactive question-and-
answer session. 
Before we commence, please note that some of the statements made on today's 
call could be forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect has been 
included in the Conference Call Invite that has been circulated earlier and is 
also available on the stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ajay Shriram to give us a brief overview. Over 
to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 17
 
 
 
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Siddharth. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for 
taking the time to join us for our Q3 Financial Year ‘24 Earnings Conference 
Call. Here is wishing all of you a very healthy and happy 2024. 
I will share my thoughts on the business and industry dynamics and then 
Vikram will share views on the financial and operating performance.  
The global context today is characterized by delayed economic recovery for 
major economies, rising geo-political sensitivities. 
The central banks are grappling with the inflation, interest rates and growth 
paradox. There are also deepening trends around climate change, generative 
artificial intelligence that have led many countries to look at policies around 
these concerns more aggressively.  
2024 will also be a year of elections. 30 democracies, including three of the 
largest, which are India, U.S. and Indonesia, will go to the polls, accounting 
for about 46% of the global population and nearly 60% of the global GDP. This 
is likely to generate regulatory and policy uncertainty in the short and medium 
term. We as an organization are cognizant of these developments and keep 
preparing ourselves for possible eventualities. We have already taken 
conducive measures in terms of enlarging product portfolio as well as 
sustainability. This is a key focus area for all our businesses and we will ensure 
that we keep growing along these lines.  
All our businesses continue to witness good growth except Chloro-Vinyl 
wherein we are witnessing price softening led by oversupply of Caustic in India 
and imports of PVC into India.  
I will now discuss about the key industry dynamics across our various 
businesses. First is chemicals.  
Chemicals: 
Demand trends in major economies for key end-user industries that utilize 
Chlor-Alkali have been subdued leading to a sharp decline in prices of Caustic 
soda in Q4 of the last year, post which the prices have remained low and range 
bound. U.S. has witnessed some capacity shutdowns in last couple of years and 
Europe is looking at reducing production amid lower demand. Demand 
continues to be lower in China as well. However, they operated at a higher rate 
and exported surplus to contain falls in their domestic prices.  
The Indian scenario did not change much from last quarter and operated at 
lower capacities with sluggish demand growth and new capacity addition. We 
expect this scenario to continue for a couple of more quarters.  
We are cognizant of the imperative and consistently matched capacity 
augmentation with efficiency initiative. Our energy costs have come down and 
the new 120 MW power plant will further support lowering energy costs from 
Q4 Financial Year ‘24.  

 
Page 3 of 17
 
 
 
The sourcing of green energy that started in June '23 is helping us in costs as 
well as in our endeavor towards sustainability. However, given the industry 
scenario, we expect the businesses to be under pressure for a few quarters. 
The other initiatives, ECH and H2O2 projects are expected to come online in 
Q1 financial year '25 and expansion of Caustic soda capacity is expected to be 
operational in the current quarter. These are aimed at making the overall 
business more resilient, more efficient and more diversified in terms of the 
product range.  
Vinyl: 
High interest rates have meant that the housing sector continues to 
underperform in the major economies including China, thereby impacting PVC 
demand and prices globally. The disruption of logistic lines in Panama Canal 
and the Red Sea may spurt the freight costs and increase prices in consuming 
countries.  
India is registering a healthy growth in demand but the prices continue to be 
subdued due to excessive imports from China and therefore the margins are 
negative for PVC in spite of cost savings in terms of lower energy prices.  
Carbide prices have also declined but margins continue to be positive and we 
are maximizing carbide sales.  
Sugar: 
Globally, sugar demand and supply is expected to remain balanced and this is 
supporting firm sugar prices. Domestic sugar production estimates have been 
revised to 31 million metric tons with impact of El Nino in Maharashtra and 
Karnataka.  
Sugar cane prices have been increased, the Fair Remunerated Price by Rs. 10 
per quintal and the Uttar Pradesh State-Administrated Price by Rs. 20 per 
quintal. There is a significant gap in margins between Maharashtra and Uttar 
Pradesh mills. Policy intervention will be required in this regard.  
Ethanol industry received two setbacks this year. Firstly, the Central 
government restricting sugar diversion for ethanol production to 1.7 million 
metric tons and secondly, Uttar Pradesh government increasing the country 
liquor obligation on molasses. The positive side was that the Central 
government has increased the ethanol price by Rs. 6.87 and Rs. 5.79 per liter 
for C-heavy molasses and damaged corn-based ethanol respectively. In spite 
of this, we feel that feedstock availability with the distillery will be challenging 
this year and blending will see a decline from about 12% blending achieved 
this ethanol year. We feel that there is a need for consistency of direction from 
Central government and state government.  

 
Page 4 of 17
 
 
 
We started  sugar operations in this quarter and have planned majority of our 
operation on C-heavy route. The crop is looking good so far. Our expansion 
initiatives at Loni and CBG projects are proceeding as per timelines.  
Our Potash fertilizer project commissioned in January 2024. The CBG as well 
as potash fertilizer are part of our initiatives on sustainability through circular 
economy.  
Fenesta: 
Consistent measures to enhance the portfolio have translated into better 
performance metrics for this business. During the quarter, we have delivered 
healthy growth owing to increase in volumes and pricing. The trend remains 
positive and the bookings are also up at 9%.  
We have commissioned our fabrication unit for façades at the Hyderabad 
facility recently. We have also increased the uPVC extrusion capacity at Kota 
to enable growth and better service. Strategy-wise, we are accelerating 
presence in new territories and product categories, and this is translating into 
better performance. For the last few years, Fenesta has become a significant 
contributor to our earnings.  
The agri business portfolio comprises of our Shriram Farm Solutions, 
Fertilizers and Bioseed business.  
Shriram Farm Solutions: 
Shriram Farm Solutions have seen good growth, given better volumes in seeds, 
especially research wheat. The new varieties that we introduced for research 
wheat last year have received a positive response from the farmers as they are 
attuned for higher yields and enhanced heat tolerance.  
Our production facility for water-soluble fertilizers and biologicals under a 
subsidiary was commissioned during the quarter. Over the last few years, 
Shriram Farm Solutions has become a significant contributor to our earnings.  
Fertilizers: 
Lower gas prices, that is a pass-through, impacted both top line and profits. 
Also last year, we have received arrears on account of revision in energy norms. 
Subsidy outstanding, as on December 31, 2023, stood at a negative Rs. 21 crore 
as compared to Rs. 461 crore in the same period last year and Rs. 310 crore as 
of March 31, 2023. 
 
 

 
Page 5 of 17
 
 
 
Bioseed: 
The business saw improvement in volumes both in India and Philippines. This 
is on the back of the new high performing hybrids that have been introduced 
by us in corn, cotton and vegetables. Our pipeline for the coming seasons 
remain attractive as our team is focused on developing newer and promising 
varieties.  
Frequency of economic volatility, vagaries of climate and their impact on 
business have increased in the recent past and these have become a part of 
business. So, India continues to show buoyancy in economic growth led by 
infrastructure development and investments across various industries. Some 
impact of these events cannot be ruled out in the coming year, and we feel our 
investments directly to enhance sustainability, business mix and efficiency in 
operations will help us sail through these challenging times. We continue to 
have a healthy balance sheet, and this will support further growth initiatives.  
I would now like to invite Vikram to cover the financial section with you. Over 
to you.  
Vikram Shriram: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now take you through the 
financial highlights of Q3 and 9 months Financial Year ‘24 results.  
Net revenues for Q3 Financial Year ‘24 were at Rs. 3,035 crore as compared 
to Rs. 3,236 crore in Q3 financial year '23, a decline of 6% year-on-year. 
Revenues were impacted by prices in the chemicals, vinyl and fertilizer 
segments. Growth for the last quarter was driven by sugar, Shriram Farm 
Solutions and Fenesta.  
PBDIT for Q3 Financial Year ‘24 was at Rs. 480 crore, as compared to Rs. 588 
crore in Q3 financial year '23, a decline of 18% year-on-year.  
The revenues in the Chloro-Vinyl segment declined 31% year-on-year to Rs. 
663 crore and PBDIT was at Rs. 56 crore as against Rs. 237 crore in the last 
year.  
• 
The chemical segment reported revenues of Rs. 535 crore, a decline of 
29% year on year. ECU prices were lower by 40% year-on-year which 
were partially compensated by Caustic volumes being higher by 6% 
year-on-year. PBDIT declined 71% to Rs. 63 crore. However, 
hydrogen sales along with lower energy costs have helped to mitigate 
this to some extent.  
 
• 
The Vinyl business noted a decline in revenue of 37% year-on-year at 
Rs. 128 crore, mainly on account of decline in prices and volumes of 
PVC by 12% and 29% respectively and lower carbide prices and 
volumes by 20% and 16% respectively. Volumes declined on account 
of a partial shutdown in Q3. PBDIT was at negative Rs. 7 crore, as 
compared to Rs. 19 crore, led by subdued prices of PVC and carbide 

 
Page 6 of 17
 
 
 
as well as volumes. However, this was partially offset by lower energy 
and carbon costs.  
Sugar business revenue, net of excise duty, was at Rs. 891 crore and increased 
22% year-on-year due to higher volumes and prices in both sugar and ethanol 
business. Domestic sugar volumes were up 24% year-on-year at 14.7 lakh 
quintals due to higher domestic releases although last year there were exports 
of 2.3 lakh quintals in the same period. Volume of ethanol was at 349 lakh liters 
versus 231 lakh liters supported by the commissioning of the 120 KLD multi-
feed distillery. PBDIT came in higher at Rs. 188 crore, as against Rs. 102 crore, 
led by better prices and lower costs versus the same period last year. Co-
gen. volumes from the expanded capacities at Ajbapur were also higher.  
Revenues of Fenesta Building Systems increased by 20% year-on-year to Rs. 
214 crore and PBDIT grew by 8% to Rs. 43 crore, largely on account of higher 
volumes and prices. The order book was up by 9%.  
Shriram Farm Solutions' revenue grew 17% year-on-year at Rs. 596 crore as 
compared to Rs. 512 crore last year. The segment saw higher volumes and 
prices in seeds, especially research wheat. PBDIT for the quarter came in at 
Rs. 180 crore, as against Rs. 143 crore, a growth of 26% year-on-year due to 
higher volumes and margins in research wheat.  
Segment revenues of fertilizers declined by 36% year-on-year at Rs. 418 crore 
and PBDIT declined by 72% year-on-year at Rs. 26 crore attributed to lower 
gas prices which is a pass-through. This led to lower energy savings rate and 
hence impacted the earnings. Also in the previous year, Q3 saw a one-time 
positive impact of Rs. 49 crore due to revision of energy norms of the earlier 
period.  
The Bioseed segment saw a revenue increase of 29% year-on-year at Rs. 138 
crore. This was primarily led by domestic revenue increase by 29% year-on-
year at Rs. 95.5 crore due to higher volumes. The international revenues 
increased by 30.8% year-on-year at Rs. 42.2 crore owing to higher volumes in 
the Philippines. The Bioseed business is improving, and it's expected to reach 
near breakeven in the current financial year.  
For the nine months, December 31st, 2023, revenues, net of excise duty, were 
at Rs. 8,523 crore reporting a marginal decline of 3% year-on-year. This was 
mainly on account of lower prices in segments of chemicals, vinyl and 
fertilizers which saw lower ECU, PVC, carbide and gas prices. Our business 
segments of sugar, which was aided by the commissioning of the 120 KLD 
distillery, Fenesta, SFS and fertilizers, saw higher volumes year-to-date. 
Accordingly, the PBDIT is at Rs. 800 crore, a decline of 41% as compared to 
Rs. 1,354 crore last year.  
The company's net debt is at Rs. 314 crore as on December 31st, 2023 as against 
Rs. 681 crore as on March 31st, 2023. Return on capital employed for 
December '23 came in lower at 16% as compared to 27% for the financial year 
2023 due to the reasons mentioned above. 

 
Page 7 of 17
 
 
 
In summary: 
Our balanced performance is anchored on a diversified portfolio, commitment 
to smart investments and sustainability and the strong financial foundation as 
can be seen by our balance sheet and cash flows. As we embrace the future-
ready mindset with a focused approach on growth, we are strategically 
positioning ourselves for long-term viability and growth in the evolving new 
business segments also.  
This brings me to the end of my remarks, and I would like to request the 
moderator to please open the forum for the Q&A session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Parth Mehta from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Parth Mehta: 
I just have two questions. First is on caustic soda volumes, which in the 
presentation it shows that there has been a flattish growth for nine months in 
caustic soda. Help me out for the reason why the volumes have remained flat? 
Ajay Shriram: 
And the second question? 
Parth Mehta: 
And the second one is on epichlorohydrin, the new capacity that is coming up. 
So, one of our competitors is also adding new capacity. So, wanted to know 
what is the demand supply scenario and would that lead to any oversupply in 
the industry?  
Aditya Shriram: 
Just answering your first question on caustic soda volumes, so actually our new 
capacity is yet to be commissioned. So, these volumes are with the same 
capacity as was there in the previous year. So, we have marginally moved up 
on the sales from the existing capacity. And this quarter we will be 
commissioning the new capacity, and after that the volumes would see an 
increase.  
 
With regards to your second question on epichlorohydrin, you are right. There 
is one other player who has commissioned capacity, and we would be the 
second one commissioning capacity in this space. There is, I think with all 
products and chemicals, we are seeing growth in demand in parallel.  
 
So, we do expect that in the coming quarters, as we ramp up our capacity 
gradually, the material will be absorbed in the market, and we will be exploring 
markets all over, whether it's domestic or international as well. So, we do 
expect that in the coming quarters, this capacity will get absorbed. 
Parth Mehta: 
And thank you so much for this answer. Just one more on ECH. What would 
be the payback period for our CAPEX? And how much CAPEX have we done 
in ECH?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, the payback should be in the range of around 4 to 5 years, 5 years ballpark 
and the CAPEX will be in the range of around Rs. 500 to Rs. 600 crore. I don't 
have the exact numbers right now, but that should be the range.  

 
Page 8 of 17
 
 
 
Parth Mehta: 
And the CAPEX in caustic soda new capacity that we are coming up with and 
what would be the capacity change?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, the capacity there is about 850 tons per day and there is also a flaker plant 
of about 600 tons per day. Put together, the CAPEX is again in the range of 
around Rs. 800 to Rs. 900 crore.  
Parth Mehta: 
Oh, sorry, I missed out the numbers. You said 50 tons per day?  
Amit Agarwal: 
850 tons per day.  
Parth Mehta: 
Okay, 850.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Tholiya from 
Systematix. Please go ahead.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers especially in the sugar, agri and 
Fenesta and I think even your chemical has sequentially done better. So, just 
firstly on chemicals on your, so what was the ECU realization for the month of 
January? I mean, the average price during January?  
Ajay Shriram: 
Average price.  
Amit Agarwal: 
For January, Pratik, the average prices are around Rs. 25,500.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
And sir, this is ECU level. So, chlorine is still negative?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Chlorine is still negative.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
And that could be how much?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Around Rs. 3,000  to Rs. 4,000.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
And sir, what is the, you know, slightly medium to longer-term view on the 
caustic demand front because of the over capacity that you are seeing? So, by 
when you expect the entire capacities to get fully absorbed and then we can 
expect the prices to go up?  
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes, you are right that in the short term, we are seeing an increase in supply 
and demand as we have already shared earlier in the call has been subdued. But 
we put up capacities with the long-term horizon. And we do expect that in the 
coming quarters with the robust demand for a country like India across sectors 
that this capacity will get absorbed.  
 
So, it's hard to put an exact time timeline or a price in the future and we 
normally don't give forward-looking statements. But we expect that with our 
chlorine integration as well that we are focusing on, that this capacity will get 
absorbed and running fully in the next financial year. That is FY '26, it will be 
full.  

 
Page 9 of 17
 
 
 
Ajay Shriram: 
I will just add that, as mentioned by Amit earlier, we are also installing a 600 
tons per day flaker plant. That gives us flexibility for exports. That opens up 
another avenue of selling our products, if the pricing is suitable.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
And secondly, could you just share some details on your agri business because 
I think your agri has done exceptionally well in a kind of a challenging quarter 
because most of the other companies that are reporting numbers, especially in 
the agri and seeds front, are putting a top line degrowth while margins for most 
of them have been better. But you reported healthy top line growth as well. So, 
you know, if you could just share something on the product details. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Pratik, in our Farm Solutions vertical, or Farm Solutions segment, we have 
three verticals: the crop care, plant nutrition, and seeds. Now, crop care and 
plant nutrition have been flat in terms of top line, and bottom line also is largely 
flat, and for the reasons that we just mentioned, that industry is going through 
a rough patch.  
 
But our seeds vertical has done exceptionally well, and December quarter, Q3, 
is also a Rabi season, where the wheat seed, the research wheat seed, where we 
are market leaders, that is sold, and that has done exceptionally well. So, that 
is the key reason for the growth that you are seeing for this segment, in this 
quarter.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
And then what can we expect going forward, the trajectory in terms of for the 
upcoming Kharif season?  
Amit Agarwal: 
So, as I mentioned, so in Kharif also there should be growth, is what we are 
expecting, across the verticals. We are seeing this growth.  
Pratik Tholiya: 
No, I mean to say, in terms of any product launches that we are anticipating for 
Kharif, which can add to further growth?  
Amit Agarwal: 
There are launches which are lined up, but you know, these launches take time 
to mature. So, it would not happen that we launch in this financial year, and 
immediately we see, they take time to mature. And in the past, whatever 
launches we have made, they are contributing about 10-20% of the top line, 
are coming from the launches we have done in last 2 years. So, it takes time to 
pick up. So, this business will overall, as we are mentioning in the past, will 
grow at about 15% CAGR so we do expect that. And also as a pivot for this 
business is the manufacturing wherein in plant nutrition we have started 
manufacturing which will mature over a period of maybe about one years to 
two years and also when crop care where last year we started our own 
manufacturing. So, I think these are all steps to help the business grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will proceed with the next question 
which is from the line of Subhankar Ojha from SKS Capital. Please go ahead.  
Subhankar Ojha: 
A couple of them I have. So, with respect to this new power plant that you said 
120 megawatt is likely to get commissioned in quarter 4. So, how much of cost 
saving will come from this one.  

 
Page 10 of 17
 
 
 
Secondly, this caustic soda plant which is going to get commissioned in quarter 
4 what are the other CAPEX basically which will probably come in quarter 4 
or H1 ‘25 that second and third what will be our CAPEX for ‘25? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, answer your first question in terms of savings from the 120 MW, that 
should be in the range of around Rs, 10 crore to Rs. 12 crore a month that's the 
kind of once it gets commissioned and is fully operational. So, that's point 
number one.  
Second in terms of CAPEX as we mentioned that the 120 MW and 850 TPD, 
that will get commissioned in this quarter and ECH, H2O2 will be 
commissioned in the next quarter. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
And the CAPEX that is announced for 25? 
Amit Agarwal: 
That we haven't announced any new CAPEX as of now. What we're already 
now in, what we are completing and then let's see if there is anything new that 
comes up in the board meeting next. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
How much of this is pending out of the announced CAPEX? 
Amit Agarwal: 
The majority of it is spent Subhankar because we are nearing completion, about 
70%, 80% has already been spent in terms of cash outflow for these CAPEX. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
So, this net debt figure of 314 on December end not likely to go up much from 
here? 
Amit Agarwal: 
300 and… 
Subhankar Ojha: 
I think the December end net debt figure is 314. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See net debt will go up. So, by March I'm expecting the net debt to be around 
Rs. 1,900 to Rs. 2,000 crore and the reason for that there are three key reasons. 
One this is the sugar season. So, therefore debt goes up as the inventory for 
sugar builds up. 
 
Point number two is urea subsidy which is very abnormal right now, which is 
negative Rs. 20 which means we have to pay. So, if they are putting certain 
notifications which are pending there. If they come then probably there will be 
outflow about Rs. 350 crore there. So, that will add up and obviously there will 
be some outflow on CAPEX as well. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
And with respect to your business outlook for Fenesta I mean can you share 
some outlook I mean I can understand that the order book has gone up this 
quarter by some 9%. Can you throw some more color on the same business 
with respect to the prospect of this? 
Vikram Shriram: 
Broadly speaking the Fenesta business was established and has a long history 
and is the market leader in uPVC windows and doors. The aluminum windows 
and doors were established or launched about 18 months ago and have gained 

 
Page 11 of 17
 
 
 
good traction and are moving at a fast pace and I think the order book has 
exceeded over Rs. 100 crore in a pretty quick period.  
As far as the third new business which is the facade business that is just being 
launched. So, in fact now it is the first launch sort of post launch trial facades 
that are being put up for builders on their building. We’ve got orders for those 
trial facades. 
So, the process is in the façade business, you put trials first and then you get 
the approvals of the technical specs and then you get the commercials and then 
you get the orders. It's a bit of a longer gestation, but that's the nature of the 
business cycle of façade. 
So façade business will really take off maybe in terms of some meaningful 
volumes may be 9 months to 12 months from now because till then it will be 
market feeding and development. You first put up the factory, then you put up 
the trials, then you get the approvals of the product at the customer end and 
then you get the orders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Riya Mehta from 
Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
My first question is in terms of the caustic demand, so a big part of the user 
industry 20%, 25% is the textiles and we're seeing the revival in the textile 
industry. So, what's your outlook on the demand for the caustic front? 
Aditya Shriram: 
The textile industry is one of the drivers for caustic demand. I think it will be 
slightly lower than the range that you had mentioned, but yes it is one of the 
important drivers for demand.  
So, the advantage with caustic actually is that there's multiple industries which 
lead to the demand. So, even if one of the industries is slightly down, the other 
industry consuming industry can support.  
So, we do expect that in the medium term the demand will grow and will be 
robust and in the long term it is likely to come back fully. So, we expect in the 
next one or two quarters to be tight, but we are optimistic that going forward 
after that, there will be a good demand. 
Riya Mehta: 
And in terms of the overcapacity situation which we are looking at what kind 
of growth supply are we looking at? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Pardon me what sort of oversupply. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, I think a lot of our competitors have also come up with capacity with 
Gujarat Alkali also having spare capacity. There is a lot of supply in the 
market? 

 
Page 12 of 17
 
 
 
Aditya Shriram: 
That's right. There has been a significant increase in supply and it will be going 
from 5.6 million tons per annum to approximately 6.7 million tons per annum. 
So, we are seeing a significant increase in supply in the short term.  
One of the key factors with caustic is usually chlorine. So, evacuation of 
chlorine is often constrained as well. So, we are working actively on plans to 
integrate there and mitigate the impact of that.  
So, we do expect that it will take some time for our capacity utilization, 
therefore, to ramp up. So, FY25 it will ramp up gradually, but FY26 onwards 
we expected to be robust. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, our incremental 850 TPD plant which will come up in maybe say the 
quarter end, by when do we expect to have a capacity utilization as compared 
to 80%, 75%- 80% like the current company utilization level? 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think see the project which comes up in this quarter, in FY25 the utilization 
should be around 50% and FY26 is when it should reach the levels of 75% - 
80% and by end of that year we should be around 90%. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, it will take 2 years to fully ramp it up? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Riya Mehta: 
Also, the fourth quarter 600 TPD caustic lye project that would also have 
similar ramping up frequency? 
Amit Agarwal: 
That’s a 600 TPD flaker plant. So, that's like a subset. So, you have a, 850 TPD 
coming up, 600 TPD lye doesn't add to the capacity. It's only a subset, it drives 
the liquid lye, that gives us flexibility as Chairman mentioned, it gives 
flexibility to export and it's becoming an SKU. 
Riya Mehta: 
Got it. Although you're seeing a lot of Chinese players dumping PVC into our 
market. So, currently what is the situation in January and do we see any 
improvement, also exports from India for PVC has reduced because of the Red 
Sea crisis. So, is there a kind of a glut and what is the scenario there? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, in PVC see the issue is the imports coming from China were also the anti-
dumping duty was removed about a year and a half back. So, although the 
demand is very robust in the country, there is oversupply because of imports.  
And unless we have the demand seeing improvement in China as well as in the 
Western world the prices are expected to remain in that range where they are 
right now. 
Riya Mehta: 
Do we export PVC and caustic and how has that been for us? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, PVC from India is generally not exported because Indian manufacturers 
only need about 45% of the demand and 55% is imported. As far as caustic is 
concerned we do try our very best although the quantities are lower, the 

 
Page 13 of 17
 
 
 
information is mentioned in our investor presentation, that there are exports 
happening from country for caustic soda.  
Riya Mehta: 
But they reduced considering if we were exporting to European regions and 
there are issues in the logistics sectors to reach? 
Amit Agarwal: 
We have marginally come off in the 9 month period.  
Riya Mehta: 
So, what would that number be if I want to see YoY? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, in terms of 9 months, our exports as a country or as industry were about 
2.98 lakh metric tons versus 3.08 lakh metric tons. 
Riya Mehta: 
And my second question is in terms of sugar. So, with a new sorry I missed the 
question I think earlier participants had asked what would be the capacity with 
the 120 KLD coming in incremental? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, our total sugar capacity is now about close to 550-570 KLD ethanol 
capacity.  
Riya Mehta: 
And how much of that would be grain based? 
Amit Agarwal: 
250 KLD is grain based now. 
Riya Mehta: 
Our competitors are looking taking grain based from maize etc., so are we also 
kind of looking at alternative feedstock?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes.  
Riya Mehta: 
But they are lesser in profitability so what would be the major stuff for us in 
grain based? 
Amit Agarwal: 
As I said we are looking at both rice and maize and the margins are more or 
less the same in both the products. 
Riya Mehta: 
I was just talking in terms of Bioseed what’s the overall outlook? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, for Bioseed, as was mentioned in the Vice Chairman speech that we are 
expecting it to breakeven or near breakeven in this financial year. So, over last 
2 years if you see the business is seeing improvement based on the new 
products introduced in the market and better marketing activities as well.  
So, we do expect the trend to continue, and we are working actively on certain 
research things as well. So, we do expect it to improve, but that improvement 
will be gradual. 
Riya Mehta: 
And with the decrease in fertilizer prices, do we expect losses anytime soon? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, there would not be any losses in our fertilizer business. The reduction in 
revenue as we mentioned is because the gas prices came down significantly 

 
Page 14 of 17
 
 
 
from about $24 last year for MMBTU to about $15-$16 MMBTU in the current 
quarter which gets reflected in the revenue and has some impact on profitability 
as well, but we don't see any losses in this business in the near future.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor 
Company. Please go ahead.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, firstly if you could give the import number for caustic soda for the quarter 
and also for the 9 months also net of export if that number you can give? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Saket those numbers are mentioned on investor presentations that is there on 
our website as well as on the stock exchange. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, how are the user industry faring currently, how are the consumption rate 
from the user industry for this quarter and what's the trend going ahead? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, the user industry is diverse for caustic it includes textiles, paper and pulp, 
alumina, other chemicals etc, So, the growth rates of each of these industries 
varies. In the short term like what we've seen for many chemicals, not just 
caustic there has been a reduction or not a reduction a slowdown in the growth 
in demand, but we expect that in the coming quarters the demand is going to 
pick up and therefore the demand overall for costing will be robust. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, if we take the current realization the ECU realization sir how profitable are 
the global companies also and domestic companies also. So, where is the 
breakeven point from where which the thing starts turning given what's going 
God forbid, but going ahead if you could throw some light on the same? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See Saket see breakeven point is itself a very volatile number because it 
depends on what the costs are and energy cost being the biggest contributor it 
all depends where the coal costs are moving. So, I don't think it's feasible to 
give a number on a breakeven price.  
And therefore how other globally whether they're profitable or not it’s very 
difficult. I mean our business has been a profitable as you can see from the 
numbers, but yes the profitability has been low, it has come off significantly 
from last year.  
So, let's see how it pans out. It will be a function of cost and prices, although 
we've worked on cost. So, our variable costs have come off, but prices have 
declined more. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir on the utilization level I think so what have been the utilization levels 
for us for this quarter and QoQ how are the utilization levels were? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Around 80% Saket.  
Saket Kapoor: 
80% is for Q3 what was the number for Q2 and 9 months? 
Amit Agarwal: 
It will be around that level 80% to 90% range what we are operating. 

 
Page 15 of 17
 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
And we will be expecting to exit the next quarter also in the same vicinity? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, I think we should be at this level in Q4 as well. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for the vinyl segments sir how are the utilization levels current currently? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, currently they're close to about 90% to 100%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And for the last point is on the capacity that we are going to augment in this 
quarter. You have explained I think how the ramp up will happen. So, what 
should be the ramp up for the next year and also for this quarter, what kind of 
capitalization will happen for Q4? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Saket I think that is what Mr. Ajay Shriram had explained that utilization levels 
will be peaking by end of FY26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Just a follow up what would be a current cost of powers for us considering we 
have so much built the captive power in so many years? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Riya we generally don't share our cost of power, but as I mentioned has been 
coming down with the lower coal prices as well as with the green power that 
we started sourcing in Q2 and with the 120-megawatt coming up, it should 
further decline. 
Riya Mehta: 
What would be the quantum of decline if you could just quantify with the new 
capacity coming up 120 megawatt? 
Amit Agarwal: 
For Rs. 10 crore, Rs. 12 crore will be the savings on account of 120 megawatt 
coming on in power. 
Riya Mehta: 
10 crore to 12 crore savings? 
Ajay Shriram: 
Per month.  
Riya Mehta: 
And in terms of coal prices how much are we importing and how much do we 
have with coal India? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, for Bharuch plant we largely import, but again it's very dynamic Riya. We 
actually try to follow whatever the pollution control guidelines are. So, in 
Bharuch there's a mix of code and there are certain other substitutes that we try 
and see to reduce costs. We also use biomass. Similarly, at our Kota factory 
also where the coal is primarily domestic, but there also a large component is 
biomass about 14% - 15% at Kota is biomass in terms of energy. 
Riya Mehta: 
Are we seeing a decrease in coal pricing in the imported coal? 
Ajay Shriram: 
We are seeing a declining trend.  

 
Page 16 of 17
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Navneet an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Navneet: 
I have three questions. First your new caustic plant of 300 TPD in terms of 
annual capacity will be about 100,000 tons. Just I wanted to reconfirm my 
Maths? 
Ajay Shriram: 
This is which plant?  
Navneet: 
The new caustic capacity which is coming up this quarter? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, the capacity of a new plant is 850 tons per day which is approximately 
300,000 tons per annum. 
Navneet: 
And you mentioned the overall industry is increasing from 5.6 to 6.7 million 
tons in India the supply. So, beyond that what are the new capacities that have 
been announced over the next 2 years, 3 years?  
Aditya Shriram: 
These are the capacities that we are aware of at this point in time. Beyond this, 
we don't have any clear announcements and as they come in the public domain 
we'll be aware of them.  
Navneet: 
And it takes approximately 2 years, 2.5 years to set up a new capacity like it 
took for you? 
Aditya Shriram: 
Yes it depends on case-to-case, but it can take up to 3 years also depending on 
land acquisition, environment clearance and then executions.  
Navneet: 
My second question is on your capital allocation in your presentation you 
mentioned that you're looking for more opportunities especially in the 
chemical segment for fresh projects. So, what type of chemicals are you 
looking at would it be commodity chemicals or similar stuff that you're already 
there or less cyclical commodities? What’s the thought process over there? 
Aditya Shriram: 
So, as you will be aware we are expanding our core which is caustic soda, 
chlorine. We are also expanding a couple of adjacencies which is 
epichlorohydrin and hydrogen peroxide, both those plants are expected to be 
commissioned in Q1 FY25 and over time we are always exploring 
opportunities across the spectrum whether it is in a commodity chemicals or 
intermediate chemicals or even specialty chemicals. So, we are continuously 
evaluating opportunities and as the Board approves, we will approve them and 
specifically also exploring opportunities linked to future sunrise sectors 
including green chemicals, etc. So, we're exploring all these opportunities.  
Navneet: 
So, bulk of your fresh projects are expected in the chemical division only, right 
in terms of capital allocation as the bulk of capital deployed, that's what was 
mentioned in the presentation as well rather than the other divisions? 
Amit Agarwal: 
See for us the capital-intensive businesses are two chemicals and sugar and the 
other two growth businesses which is farm solutions and Fenesta are not so 

 
Page 17 of 17
 
 
 
capital intensive and therefore majority of the capital allocation will happen in 
chemicals followed by sugar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sandeep Behl an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Bhel: 
Just want to check whether you have any plans of demerging and listing 
separately the Fenesta, and the Shriram Farm Solutions business given that 
both the business has become sizable and significant as you mentioned in the 
presentation as well? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, the Board will take view at the appropriate time. As of now, we have not 
had any discussion with the Board on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir.  
Ajay Shriram: 
Thank you, Ladies, and gentlemen for your participation in today's call. 
Navigating and challenging global business environment our domestic 
landscape remains the beacon of positivity. 
Despite the business challenges we are diligently implementing efficiency 
enhancement and sustainability initiatives within our operational framework. 
Acknowledging the pivotal roles of driving efficiencies across diverse business 
segments, we are confident in our ability to deliver robust overall performance 
over the medium term.  
Through strategic resilience and our commitment to adaptability we are well 
positioned not only to navigate prevailing challenges, but also to capitalize on 
emerging opportunities in the dynamic business landscape. Thank you very 
much once again. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DCM Shriram Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The document has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
