 
Page 1 of 1 
Aether Industries Limited 
Registered Office: Plot No. 8203, GIDC Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
Phone: +91-261-6603000  ||  Email: info@aether.co.in  ||  Web: www.aether.co.in  II  CIN: L24100GJ2013PLC073434 
Factory: Plot No. 8203, Beside Shakti Distillery, Near Rajkamal Chokdi, Road No. 8, Sachin GIDC, Sachin, Surat-394230, Gujarat, India. 
 
February 6, 2024 
 
Ref. No.: AIL/SE/100/2023-24 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001, MH. 
 
Scrip Code: 543534 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051, MH. 
 
Symbol: AETHER 
 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the Earning Conference Call scheduled 
on Wednesday, February 1, 2024, on the financial performance of the Company for the Third 
Quarter and Nine Months ended on December 31, 2023, is enclosed herewith. 
 
We request you to kindly take the information on your records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
For Aether Industries Limited 
 
Chitrarth Rajan Parghi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No.: F12563 
 
 
Encl.: As attached 
CHITRARTH 
RAJAN PARGHI
Digitally signed by 
CHITRARTH RAJAN PARGHI 
Date: 2024.02.06 10:07:36 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Aether Industries  
Q3 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. NILESH GHUGE - HDFC SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. AMAN DESAI – PROMOTER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN DESAI – PROMOTER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. FAIZ NAGARIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
AETHER INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. SHUBHANGI DESAI – EXECUTIVE IR – AETHER 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aether Industries post results 
Conference Call hosted by HDFC Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note, that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Ghuge 
from HDFC Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Sir! 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Thank you Sagar. Good afternoon all. On behalf of HDFC Securities, I welcome everyone 
to this Aether Industries Conference Call to discuss the results for the quarter ended 
December 2023. From Aether Industries, we have with us today Dr. Aman Desai - 
Promoter and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Rohan Desai - Promoter and Whole-Time 
Director; Mr. Faiz Nagariya – Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Shubhangi Desai - Executive 
IR. Without further ado, I will now hand over the floor to Ms. Shubhangi Desai to begin 
with the earning call for 3Q FY2024. Over to you, Shubhangi. 
Shubhangi Desai:  
Thank you Nilesh. Good evening everyone. Today on February 01, 2024 our Board has 
approved the financial results for the third quarter ended on December 31, 2023 and we 
have released the same to the stock exchanges as well as updated the same on our website. 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded and a transcript of the same will be 
made available on the website of Aether Industries Limited and exchanges. Please also note 
that the audio of the conference call is the copyright material of Aether Industries Limited 
and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted, or attributed in press or media without specific and 
written consent of the company. Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our 
discussion will include certain forward-looking statements which are predictions, 
projections or other estimates about future events. These estimate reflect management’s 
current expectations on future performance of the company. Please note that these estimates 
involves several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from what is expressed or implied. Aether Industries Limited or its officials do 
not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as 
a result of future events or otherwise, Mr. Rohan Desai will begin by sharing Aether’s 
business outlook then Mr. Faiz Nagariya will cover the financial highlights for the period 
under review and Dr. Aman Desai will share the ongoing expansions and strategy of the 
company going forward. Now I shall hand over the call to Mr. Rohan Desai for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Mr. Rohan. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Rohan Desai: 
Good evening everyone. Before I begin with the business performance, I would like to 
throw some light on the unfortunate event that affected us during this quarter. On 
November 29th 2023 a fire broke out in one of the plants of our manufacturing site two, 
which was brought under control. The reason for the accident at site two was 15,000 litres 
storage tank which leaked from the bottom value, stored solvent started flowing, which had 
the flashpoint of minus 17 degree centigrade led to a vapor cloud formation. There was a 
moment of the vapor cloud formation internally in the intermediate building plant two and 
nearby tanks in the same plant. Unknown ignition resulted to vapor cloud explosion with 
fire and impacted both plant and the tank farm areas, total 11 fatalities have been registered 
and 23 people were injured in the unfortunate accident who have now been discharged 
successfully. While the loss that we have incurred due to the fire is currently being assessed 
we want to assert that we are fully covered with the loss of asset, stock as well as loss of 
profit. The sales and the dispatch of material has remained unaffected as the orders were 
catered from our inventory as well as most of our customers have remained supportive 
towards us. Operations have resumed at our manufacturing unit two, that is site two. We 
have received GPCB that is Pollution Control Board partial closure revocation order for the 
unaffected plant and the plants have resumed normalcy with continued efforts to raise our 
operations to their maximum capacity. We strive to timely restart the affected plant in the 
highly compliant and safe manner. With respect to Aether’s business model, we have seen 
57% contribution of our total top line coming from large scale manufacturing business 
segment, 27% from contract / exclusive manufacturing as a result of renewal of the 
agrochemical contract that is agrochemical intermediate contract about which I had 
mentioned in my remarks in Q2 of FY2024 call and 14% which has coming from contract 
research and manufacturing services business model during the Q3 of financial year 2024. 
Our exports revenue stood at 40% and our domestic sales stood at 60%. Demand from our 
agrochemical customers is coming back on the backdrop of gradual reduction in the 
stocking positions at their end. We are currently seeing an increase in volume from our non 
agrochemical products where there is a demand from our customers. However, the intense 
dumping by the Chinese competition, we have witnessed price erosion. We are currently 
witnessing price of our products stabilizing at the current levels. Order pipeline is robust 
and all our customers are positive and looking forward to us coming back to normalcy in a 
short period of time. We are confident of showing a growing trend in the next financial year 
onwards. With that I would conclude and I would request our CFO Faiz Nagariya to touch 
upon the financial highlights for the period under review. 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Thank you Rohan and good evening everybody. The total revenue of the company stood at 
Rs.1682 million in the Q3 of FY2024 as against Rs.1705 millions in Q3 of FY2023 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
resulting in EBITDA of Rs.378 million in Q3 of FY2024 as against Rs.507 million in Q3 of 
FY2023, a reduction of 26% in the comparing period. EBITDA margins stood at 22% in Q3 
FY2024 as against 30% in Q3 of FY2023. The PAT amounted to Rs.191 million in Q3 
FY2024 as against Rs.350 million in Q3 of FY2023 resulting in reduction of 46% in the 
comparing period. The PAT margin stood at 11% in Q3 FY2024 against 21% in Q3 
FY2023. The main reason for the reduction in the revenue is attributed to the current fire 
accident wherein the production at our manufacturing facility 2 was stopped for a month. 
The reduced revenue and other exceptional expenses related to the fire accident like 
compensation to the families of the deceased, penalty to the GPCB, medical treatment 
expenses of the workers who are hospitalized and increased insurance premium of our IAR 
policy have resulted in the reduction in EBITDA margins eventually. One time cost is 
approximately Rs.70 million for the quarter. We would be having the impact of 
approximately Rs.30 million on account of increase in insurance claim due to the fire 
accident in this financial year 2024. Due to the fire accident at manufacturing facility two 
new production could not be done in the entire December 2023. Now I would request Dr. 
Aman Desai to share updates on Aether’s ongoing expansion plan consecutively going 
forward. 
Aman Desai: 
Thank you Faiz for the financial highlights. The well-being of our employees is of foremost 
importance to us and I do want to start with expressing my most sincere condolences, 
solidarity and gratitude towards the employees and the victims of our recent fire accident. 
We have taken significant actions to ensure the best treatment to the victims and we have 
extended lifelong support to the families of the injured and the deceased. Also, we have 
been extending complete and transparent cooperation with all the regulatory bodies. We 
have comprehensively undertaken the legal investigation and root cause analysis of the 
incident and the accident and identified numerous immediate and ongoing corrective and 
preventive actions which will help us to ensure that such an accident will never, ever 
happen again at Aether. Despite the various headwinds, the planning and execution of the 
project work of our Greenfield capex at the manufacturing site 3+ and 3++ is ramping up 
with the beginning of civil work, machinery and equipment being procured along with all 
the regulatory approvals in place. These sites 3+ and 3++ are expected to commence 
operations in Q3 or Q4 of fiscal year 2025 as per plan. Capex on our upcoming site 4 which 
is also on the verge of completion is expected to be commissioned by February 2024 next 
month. This site 4 will be initially dedicated entirely to contract / exclusive manufacturing 
and the initial construction and plant erection is going to align with our strategic agreement 
recently previously announced with the leading oil - field services company in the US. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
As we had guided earlier as well, further structural expansion on Site 4 will be towards the 
recently announced commercialization agreement with Saudi Aramco Technologies 
Company on the novel Converge Polyol platform in the near future. Capex plaining towards 
site 5 at Panoli is at full pace as well, with the vision of massive industrial estate with more 
than 16 production blocks, each production block being ground plus four structures with 
more than 500 reactors combined. As we have guided, the site 5 will incorporate global best 
practices towards safety, sustainability, carbon neutrality and renewable energy based 
resources. During the quarter under review, we have announced the execution of a strategic 
agreement with a major global lithium-ion battery producer thereby announcing our entry in 
the electrolyte additives and battery space. We have been developing products in this field 
since a long time now, but we had decided to make it public only once we secured a 
substantial commercial contract with the global major and this agreement captures that. 
Thereby along with this the commercialization of the sustainable converge polyols and 
multiple ongoing projects as well as research at Aether I can ascertain that we have 
established Aether as a premier India based provider of sustainable and carbon nuclear 
chemistry solutions across the industry spectrum. We continue to make significant 
investments towards R&D. Our R&D expenses for the nine months of fiscal year 2024 
stood at Rs.509 million which is 10% of the total revenues for the nine month fiscal year 
2024. The spread of the R&D team at the same period stood at 277. Our major expansion 
project of the new pilot plant at the land which is procured on long lease is in full fledge 
nearing completion with the installation of machineries and the final piping and 
commissioning going on. Needless to say, such aggressive expansion of our Indian pilot 
plant footprint which are the workhorses of our CRAMS business model as always firmly 
on the backing of numerous inquiries and additional tie ups with topical learns of global 
innovators across the industry spectrum and various contracts are in the pipeline for being 
executed. With that thank you very much for your attention and time today and back to you 
Shubhangi.  
Shubhangi Desai:  
Thank you Dr. Aman. We shall now request the moderator to open the forum for question 
and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is what have been the immediate actions 
that we have taken after the unfortunate event and any customer audits have happened after 
the event and what has been the general feedback from our customers? Thank you. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Aman Desai: 
So we have a comprehensive corrective and preventive action plan that has been identified 
which includes significant changes in the already strong preventive maintenance 
programme. It is a solvent leakage which is the root cause, leak detection was already in 
place at the various sections of the plant including inside the plant as well as the main tank, 
but unfortunately not at this particular position and so we have now improved our 
comprehensive leak detection policy and programme in place. We have changed several 
codes that we are working by. We were quite proud of the safety systems that we had 
established at Aether and this accident has shown that there is a clear gap and failure in the 
safety systems because accidents will happen but the safety system should prevent loss of 
life and this has not happened in the accident, so this has clearly showed a gap in the system 
that existed and so we are doing a thorough review. We have initiated a full-scale hazardous 
operations review of all operations across all sites and operations were restarted in every 
single site only after the completion of a thorough HAZOP review. You will see the 
announcements in the coming days to come, but we have also completed as well as initiated 
significant hierarchy changes in the technical departments and you will see this in the 
coming days and these are just a few of the numerous plans that have been planned out. As 
I mentioned before this call in a different meeting that a very detailed investigation analysis 
presentation and preventive action plan presentation also ready and so this is a just a few of 
top things that have come of head to answer to your first part of question, second part is 
audit so the leading oil field services company that is currently in tie up exclusively with us 
for site four they have audited site two which is the affected site two in the recent weeks 
and which has been partially open site two the non-affected blocks. So they have reaudited 
this site two successfully finished, all the compliance from the audit is successfully finished 
as of today as well and this was a quite a major audit that has happened. We have presented 
detailed investigation reports to almost all of our key customers in all the business models 
and these are presentations that go on for more than two hours on the very topic of the 
accident. All customers have showcased solidarity and support. Everybody wants to know 
what happened and why it happened and what we are doing to ensure this never happens 
again and I think we have been successful in addressing that concern quite well with the 
very detailed work and presentation and corrective implementation plan that we have laid 
out. In terms of the orders, orders have flowed in as per the regularly expected cadence. We 
have not seen drop of the orders and I think the commentary that Rohan addressed to a bit. 
So I think that addresses all your questions Rohit. Thanks. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for answering that comprehensive question with detailed answers. Second question 
on the EV battery related contract front. So how does it complement our chemistry skills? 
You said that we have been working for a while on this and is there any possibility of 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
supplies of similar material to Indian manufacturers whenever their capacities come up and 
just a little bit more in terms of when the commercial supplies will be expected that overall 
potential from this particular product whether it is a single product or multiple product and 
particular application in the battery. Thank you. 
Aman Desai: 
Thanks Rohit. Whenever anybody asks me about competencies is music to my ears and so I 
can pick up the next one hour talking about the competencies and the fit in the products that 
we have, so the electrolyte additives field is a very large field. Battery field is a very large 
field and there are many, many, many components that go into a battery. There are many 
components. There are more than 12 components that go into an electrolyte formulation and 
there are about 67 additives that are used commonly and not as commonly in that there are 
many salts that are also present. So we have been very clear in our approach, in all the 
molecules we have chosen, there has to be a competency fit and so the molecules that we 
have chosen are small organic molecules. They are electrolyte additives which have a good 
fit to our competencies some of which include ethylene oxide chemistry, the KF, the 
fluorination chemistry that we want to get into and of course continuous reaction 
technology is being applied in all every one of the electrolyte adhesive that we are doing, so 
yes we have been very selective and we have only a few of the electrolyte relatives which 
are small organic molecules and showcase could fit to our competencies whether and there 
are multiple, we have selected a few of them, they are small organic molecules. So we have 
been clear we will not go after salts, we will not go after the inorganic chemicals because 
they are not good competence that is number one. Number two Indian manufacturers, of 
course, yes, this is not an exclusive tie up, but this is a very broad field with a very, very, 
very promising future and aggressive market predictions of where these volumes and 
tonnages of these various molecules will end up. There are several big Indian players who 
already announced their plans. There are several global players who announced the plans in 
the US, Korea and rest assured we are reaching out and already talking with many of these 
global players as well as domestic Indian players. In terms of commercial supply and the 
initiation of the commercial supply of these molecules we expect initial commercial 
volumes and supplies to start off within this calendar year 2024 with significant volumes 
and production and commercial manufacturing starting in calendar year 2025. But we 
expect the initial commercialization trial orders, validation orders and it is not a trivial 
quantity to be done in 2024 itself.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks a lot for answering the question. Thank you. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Good afternoon, Sir. First I will ask the bookkeeping question probably then go on more 
broader questions. This quarter our gross profit margin is at 41% was there any loss of 
material also which has led to a drop in the margin in this quarter that is number one. 
Number two on the bookkeeping is that there has been a restatement in the cost line item for 
the last quarter both employee costs and other expenses, can you explain what has led to the 
restatement of the historical number which is the Q1 number. These are two bookkeeping 
question and then probably I will take the rest of it. 
Faiz Nagariya: 
So I will take the second question first. The regrouping what happened is in the last quarter 
the director’s remuneration was erroneously shown in the employee cost and so we had to 
change it to the other expenses. That is the thing which we had done. So we have brought it 
down with other expenses and make it more compatible with the other quarters. For the first 
question, we have still not provided for any loss of stock because the assessment of loss is 
still going on. If you see the financials, you can see the changes in inventories has dropped 
significantly because as in the commentary also Rohan said that we have sold the goods 
from our finished goods inventories and there was no production in the site 2 which was 
contributing around 65% to our revenues and production also was taking place more there 
so the changes in inventory has gone down which has resulted into the gross margin going 
down. Going forward as the production increases, we will have the finished goods and semi 
finished goods inventories coming back this will again be back to square. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Now I got it that is why the other expense is also down because it is largely captured before 
the finished goods. Right Sir. 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it and that is very clear now. Rohan, on the competitive intensity you did touch upon in 
your opening remarks that there is an increased competitive intensity from the Chinese can 
you allude more? How is the competitive intensity in the product that we manufacture? 
Have we faced any rising competitive intensity from Chinese particularly in our pharma 
side of our business? 
Rohan Desai: 
On majority of our products, we are the only source in India. Most of the competition 
comes out of China, 80% is coming out of China, 10% from Japan and 10% from Europe. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
We are not seeing any increase sources coming from China or being added from China at 
this moment. However, because of the currency devaluation and the government incentives 
and the export benefits which the Chinese competition is getting, they had become more 
approximately 20-30% from the start of the correction and that is what we are facing right 
now. So we are at the bottom out position at the moment. I do not see a further decline 
happening on the prices of our products. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Second, on the agrochemical side of the business, this quarter we saw a sharp 
decline. This was more like pushing the inventory from the Q4 and hence the recovery for 
next quarter will be higher or we generally had a lower inventory so lower sales in 
agrochemical. 
Rohan Desai: 
There are two parts of it. One was stock correction price. So you are comparing Q3 to Q3 or 
you are comparing Q2 to Q3. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Last year Q3 to this year Q3. 
Rohan Desai: 
That is because of the price correction. We are manufacturing three intermediates out of 
which two intermediates have seen a drastic price correction because of the Chinese 
competition entering into that space and hence the volume are robust on that basis, but the 
prices have been corrected significantly. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay so the drop in the revenue is largely because of pricing. We held the volume share 
right.  
Rohan Desai: 
Yes, volume share we have. We have not changed in that position. The change significantly 
is because of the price correction. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. One last question from my side before I join back in the queue. We were in the 
process of commercializing site 3+, site 4 and site 5 we are now planning. So what is the 
capacity we anticipate to add from all these three sites when they are fully commissioned, 
say three years down the line? 
Rohan Desai: 
Say four, five years down the line there could be tremendous capacity. We are talking about 
thousands of tonnes of capacity. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Just from the gross block perspective, if you can help us understand what is the gross block 
for each of these three sites? 
Aman Desai: 
We share the excitement, depending on the product that you choose. For example if its 
electrolyte additive pans out the way the people all over the world claim it would pan out 
we are talking individual electrolyte additive would be literally thousands of tonnes of 
requirements. So if you could go on the converge polyols and pan out the way we think it 
would also be a very significant volume and tonnage. And so it depends on the products, it 
depends on the number of steps within the product and it depends upon the complexity of 
the product. In terms of the gross block I think Faiz can answer that. 
Faiz Nagariya:   
So the gross block for site 3++ would be around 200 Crores. Currently site five first phase 
which we are doing the gross block would be around 75 to 85 Crores and site five the first 
phase is around 500 Crores and fully operational after five to six years down the line it 
should be around 2200 Crores approximately on Panoli site. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough. That is quite clear and thanks for answering all my questions and best of luck 
for the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prolin who is an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Prolin: 
Hi team. Thank you for taking my question and sincere solidarity on the loss of life and 
people at your company. I have two questions. The first one is that in contract 
manufacturing in the past you have alluded to the fact that the margins in those businesses 
or in that segment is similar to our large scale manufacturing. So I just wanted to 
understand from the working capital side of it how is the working capital in the contract 
manufacturing business different from our large scale manufacturing? And a related 
question would be will this margin profile be any different in case we are able to get a 
pharma contract there right because right now if I am not wrong we do not have a pharma 
contract under the contract manufacturing. So will the margin profile be different and just to 
understand how should one look at the working capital intensity of contract manufacturing 
business? 
Rohan Desai: 
So let me just differentiate in a way where we are saying that we are only making generic 
intermediate right now. We are not making a patentable product intermediate at this 
moment in contract / exclusive manufacturing. When we do enter into that which we will be 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
there in short period of time the margins will improve drastically on contract / exclusive 
manufacturing. However at this moment contract / exclusive manufacturing and our large 
scale manufacturing margins are almost in the similar line and only differentiated by 100 
basis points. 
Prolin: 
Sure on the working capital side of it? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
The working capital cycle for the contract manufacturing is currently similar because these 
products are generic products and we are supplying to current customers and we are billing 
on the same credit terms which are there to the customers so the payment is similar for them 
and as we do move ahead and have more specific or better products in these things, we will 
be able to use the cycle in this contract manufacturing. 
Prolin: 
Okay so what I understand it correctly both margins and working capital cycle will improve 
as we move from generic to slightly more specialized intermediary, is that a fair 
summarization of the answer? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Yes. 
Prolin: 
Okay thank you for that? The second question would be on this polyol contract, right? Can 
you help us understand where does this contract lie in your 8 by 8 matrix, right, in terms of 
chemistry and technology and now that we have been successful in getting that contract 
how will it benefit in terms of expanding our 8 by 8 matrix or fortifying or strengthening 
some of the components of our 8 by 8 matrix if you can talk about competencies, especially 
for this polyol contract, that would be very helpful? 
Aman Desai: 
Yes, great question again so originally the project started off with Saudi Aramco 
Technology company some years ago on proving a key piece of operation in the overall 
process to make this converge polyols and that was based upon continuous reaction 
technology which is number one in the 8 by 8 matrix on the technology side of our 
competency and so continuous reaction technology is featured in the manufacturing of the 
converge polyols and in the chemistry side it is catalysis and high pressure chemistry and 
these are the originals which are still present in the manufacturing of polyol and we have a 
very good client existing and very good matrix that we build 10 years ago. What I will add 
to in terms of additional competencies in the future will be a solid comprehensive 
understanding and expertise in the manufacturing of polyols, so that gives us entry into the 
field of polymers which is very exciting if you think about all the potential that exists in the 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
specialty polymers world, it is very exciting and this kind of gives us a hand holding segue 
into understanding this world and getting experience in the manufacturing of polymers and 
so polymerization will be a new competency that we can add as a result of these polyols. 
Prolin: 
Great. Just one last question if I may? Can you give us some revenue visibility of this 
contract because in the press release which we had released back in June of 2023, we had 
mentioned that each product has a potential of around 1300 odd metric tonnes per month so 
what should be the starting revenue and when should it start hitting and what could be the 
peak revenues from this contract? 
Aman Desai: 
So there was some confusion there. I think there is 1300 tonnes per month that we 
mentioned was the LOI done with the oil fields services company and that is a different 
contract and agreement and announcement as compared to the one with Saudi Aramco 
Technologies Company. I do not believe we have publicly speculated on the tonnage for the 
Saudi Aramco Technologies Company converge polyols platform and so there are two 
different things. So to address the visibility on the revenues, I am afraid that this is not a 
platform and we will not be able to provide any visibility towards the revenues or the 
tonnage in the future. Sorry. 
Prolin: 
And not also on timeline in terms of when should this revenue start hitting us in terms of 
P&L?  
Aman Desai: 
So if you think about, the oil field services 1300 tonnes per month that you mentioned, we 
fully expect full and almost full contribution of that in the FY2025, i.e., the quarter starting 
from April 2024 in three months from now. We expect to be getting contributions from site 
four, which is being designed for the commercialization of the contract with the oil field 
services company which is the LOI mentioning the 1300 tonnes per month and so with that 
the visibility is for sure the next fiscal year, the next quarter and for the Saudi Aramco 
Technologies company, the commercialization has already started in this quarter. It is 
smaller. It is not significant more of the middle yet, but commercialization and 
manufacturing has already started and we hope it will pick up soon. 
Prolin: 
Great. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Priyank Chheda: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is on the site three so if you can help me what 
is the utilization that we are running today? I reckon that we had spent around Rs.200 
Crores and we had reached around 30% in the first half so what is the utilization over there? 
That is the question number one and follow up on that site three plus we did plan to start the 
commercialization so if you can help me by when is that project coming up? 
Rohan Desai: 
So we are currently at 42% capacity utilization of site 3 and site 3+ and site 3++ both 
combined together, I mean the remaining part of the site will be commercialized by 
September 2024. 
Priyank Chheda: 
By September 2024 and over there also? 
Rohan Desai: 
September 2024 we will start commercialization and it will take three months to stabilize 
the plant. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it and capacities is roughly around 3500 tonnes probably we have spent Rs.200 Crores 
and I correct? 
Rohan Desai: 
Yes. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. Sir so the second question is on the site two, while we did have a very unfortunate 
incident? Can you help me which product got impacted in this site? I reckon that we had 
two products that we were manufacturing for Otsuka, Japan? Has that been shifted to some 
other sites on the site one or somewhere because that is not reflecting on the loss of sales? 
You have been maintaining the quarter on quarter trajectory of sales so has there been any 
loss of sales from site two which product were impacted and about the two products that we 
were manufacturing? 
Rohan Desai: 
So I would not bifurcate the products over here because these transcripts are publicly 
available and our Chinese competition can get this information very easily. So I am sorry to 
not give you that information on the particular product but talking about Otsuka, there are 
two products which we were existingly manufacturing it in our large scale manufacturing 
platform and so we have joined and have association with Otsuka on the existing products 
which are manufactured in site two and as we had good amount of stock lying with us this 
was not affected and secondly, we have got a partial revocation of site two already, so this 
product which we are talking about, which is with regards to Otsuka, is already back online. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it, so to the key take away is that there was no loss of sales per se from the site two, 
right? That is the key message that we should take it? 
Rohan Desai: 
No, no, obviously there was a loss of sales because the two products were almost at very 
nominal stock level, so which we could not produce for approximately two months. That 
was a loss of sales which was there and second was that we were not producing for a period 
of the closure which we had received and hence we are selling out of the stock basically that 
material. So if you see the stock position you will see that our stock positions have reduced 
drastically and hence it is not impacting much on the top line. However, it has impacted on 
gross margins. 
Priyank Chheda: 
No, I understand. So would it be possible to quantify what quantum of sales did we lose 
which would get recompensated because we have got a partial revocation in the current 
quarter the production should start and as and when the rectifications are done so anything 
that you would like to quantify on loss of sales for the two? 
Rohan Desai: 
We have the internal targets, but we would not like to lead you at what were the projected 
sales of Q3. We had internal targets which we cannot lead you to it, but we lost 
considerable amount of sales, let me tell you that. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. If you can help me with the realization per kilo for Q3 or for nine months, it would 
be great? 
Rohan Desai: 
1514, that is 1514 is the Q3 average realization per kilo. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And for nine months this translates into? 
Rohan Desai: 
1570. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. Just a last question on site four, where the oil field contract lies? The commencement 
of the construction has started in July 2023 by when would this get commissioned? 
Aman Desai: 
We will start commissioning next month in February and so we are going quite aggressive 
on that site and we are going to start commissioning in February with the expectations of 
full contributions in the next fiscal year. 
Priyank Chheda: 
And Sir just to verify the realizations for this product where at around $3 to $4 per kilo and 
that has remained stable right even in the right current market scenario? 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Aman Desai: 
Yes. That has remained stable. The current market scenario is going to not affect this 
contract. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please 
go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir I just wanted to understand that fundamentally anything has changed in the overall 
chemical or the specialty chemical business like where we were sitting in 2022 when we 
were evaluating projects and where we are today? Has anything changed or it is just the 
destocking?  
Aman Desai: 
Nothing has changed. In the macro part of the world if you take a step back when we were 
in the midst of COVID, we thought the world would end but then if we took a step back and 
we realized that life goes on. So jokes apart, nothing has really changed if you step back and 
look at the global perspective. I have always maintained that this is a golden decade for the 
Indian Spec - Chem industry. I still believe this is a golden decade for the Indian Spec - 
Chem industry and will remain so but if you like go into the micro at this, in this current 
day and month, China is extremely aggressive in their pricing strategy. Destocking is 
happening and inventory levels look very high because of the COVID time closures and the 
inflation that took place subsequently and the stocking that happened all over the world as 
the result of which inventories build up even further that is currently being aggressively 
destocked by China and they are truly dumping in a very aggressive fashion. So that is 
current state of affairs. But if you take a step back and look at from a yearly perspective, I 
do not see any problems in all the tailwinds that were there. They should come back I 
believe in 2024 to an extent in 2025. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So initially like if we were estimating ROC of 20% or 25% for the project even beyond the 
destocking we should get there? That is a fair understanding or they could it could end up 
somewhere lower now in this cycle? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Currently for the ROC levels in the mode where we are doing lots of capex which is coming 
up and things happening. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
I am asking on a project basis like when you are evaluating a project on a certain ROC and 
even beyond the destocking, should we get to that those levels or might be lower than what 
we were thinking? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
We should get to those levels. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir secondly in terms of China, we are hearing that even now China has been aggressively 
investing in the downstream and in the specialty or complex products? How true is that and 
how should we look at them as a competition even in the complex chemistries and 
products? 
Rohan Desai: 
They are formidable force and they are the best in what they do in the spec - chem space or 
the commodity space or the API or AI space. So we should not discount China in any way 
possible and we should consider this threat very seriously and take proper care that when 
we select the product which falls into core competency, we should do our techno 
commercial studies very, very properly and seriously and that is what we do. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So in our product basket, if we want to understand like across the products that we are 
manufacturing, is it fair to assume that we would be one of the lowest cost producers in the 
world that is why we are competitive even at these prices? 
Rohan Desai: 
We might be lowest cost producers in the world, but in most of the products, we are the 
only manufacturer of this particular product in India and that gives us a good advantage as 
compared to our competition in China where you have a source which is reliable. Indian 
source which is reliable, auditable and holds up to the values of the business basically. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay Sir got it. So basically I think the key take away that beyond the destocking maybe 
like one to two quarters down the line, we should see some gradual normalization and 
CY2025 is where we should be back to the normal levels is that a fair assumption? 
Rohan Desai: 
Yes. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Ohri from Progressive Shares. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Rohit Ohri: 
One or two questions, which is related to Novoloop and the circular plastics? If you can 
take us through what is the role that Aether will play over here and what sort of an 
arrangement is done over there? 
Aman Desai: 
Thanks for that. It is a very interesting project that we have started in exclusive relationship 
with Novoloop, California. They have a very interesting and novel technology of degrading 
polymers waste into the crude basic monomers and then upcycling and useful polymers and 
this kind of a circular economy, but even an upcycling economy. So the current 
arrangement is that if there is, we have a process in place which is basic and elementary and 
in their labs and if there is the exclusive partner with which they are validating the process. 
One is scaling up the process. Two is in the pilot plant is the current phase and the current 
press release was about and three then in the future potentially partnering towards further 
scaling up and commercialization as well and the partnership is sound. We are aligned on 
the interests and the competencies and it was a very interesting field but again a new field 
for Aether. It is adding significantly to the basket of sustainable processes and products and 
areas of rejecting into diversifying away from the AG and the Pharma core of our business, 
which is a strong focus for ourselves and so it is that way, it is very interesting. So the 
current press release was more on the side of Novoloop and so we kind of made the best 
release that backing up on that. But they were in fact they were presenting in the World 
Economic Forum in Davos this particular case study and their technology and they wanted 
to give press release before that and so we kind of helped them out in that and it is very 
interesting when this will end up, but potentially go all the way towards commercialization. 
Rohit Ohri: 
This pilot plant is at which site from Aether’s end? 
Aman Desai: 
Site one, the new pilot plant that we are building. We are building an entire state-of-the-art 
fully automated manufacturing skill. Again going back to the various questions on this call, 
core competencies and so it is continuous reaction technology and polymerization which is 
very, very, very unique and very interesting technology that they have kind of innovated on 
and we are going to bring to commercial realization. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Dr. Aman if you can just take us through that, what sort of revenue potential do you see or 
what sort of investments do you feel because it is a promising business and promising 
chemistry going forward? What sort of competition is there or something on the market size 
or the margins profile, if you all can share that?  

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Aman Desai: 
The market size, you could imagine the PET waste that happens in the world is hundreds of 
thousands of tonnes and there are select few companies. In fact we are working with a, I 
cannot name them. We are working with some other company as well in the US based on 
very similar field of upcycling and circular economy of polymers and so it is newly 
developing field and we are firmly in partnership with the front runners of this field and the 
market potential is tremendous. Every single plastic that you touch currently is going to 
waste and you throw in plastic polymers in the recycle bin at the airport but actually it is 
actually only about 10% to 15% of that what is thrown into the recycle bin is actually 
recycled or upcycled. The rest of it is actually goes to waste and so I am just looking at 
some Google number here and upper Google search which shows plastic waste 
management market in the world and it is claiming to be $35 billion in 2021 and so $45 
billion in 2029 and so that it is too early to say anything but it is a very interesting field. We 
are working with all the major players right now Novoloop is one of them that we have 
publically announced and I think we are going to focus on this as well in the coming future 
and the potential is tremendous. We are taking about thousands of tonnes and as far as we 
know, we are the only people in India doing this, but in partnership with such companies. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Do you think that these kind of businesses will kind of put a little bit of dent on the margin 
profile which was earlier 28% or we were scaling up to 32% to 33%? 
Aman Desai: 
The realization will be small but the margins and EBITDA we will be gradual and going up 
and so we will not compromise as a business policy and from the fundamental philosophy 
of the company and the family we will not compromise on the margin levels and the 
EBITDA levels as it is possible in the forex going forwards. The realizations may be small 
so for example we had a speaker that mentioned previously about $3 to $4 of realization as 
compared to Rs.1600 or almost $18 of the current average realization that we have today so 
we will compromise on the realization because that depends on the field that we get in but 
we will possibly try not to compromise on the margins and the EBITDA. 
Rohit Ohri: 
Okay that is it from my side. Thank you Dr. Aman. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Indrajeet Bhatia from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Indrajeet Bhatia: 
Just a couple of questions. One is on this if you could just explain this margin? I think there 
was a comment by Rohan I think that gross margins got impacted if you could just explain 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
the mechanics as to how exactly this played out and second is do we expect to kind of go 
back to our usual 20% net profit margins back say from Q4 or next year onwards? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Yes Indrajeet Faiz here. As Rohan said in his commentary that we were able to achieve the 
sales in the Q3 mainly because of the finished goods inventory which we had for the 
materials which were required by the customers and finished goods inventory where were 
all sold off and if you see the change in inventories due to the finished goods has gone 
down drastically and that has impacted the margins because there is no production which 
has happened. Only the sales has happened, inventories which was Rs.25 Crores in the last 
quarter has come down to Rs.3 Crores which has impacted the margin Rs.55 Crores which 
could have been better number if the site was working properly in December month also so 
that could have changed the numbers drastically. The main reason that it is because of the 
finished goods which have been sold off and the change in inventory has gone down a lot 
and the reduced number in the sales and regarding the profit margins we definitely were 
banking on the 20% was our bench mark but still is the bench mark to grow from there 
gradually. We would definitely be willing to bring this back in Q4 from next year of course 
we should. That is the target again for us. 
Indrajeet Bhatia: 
Was there any among the other cost is there any kind of inventory related cost or damages 
to inventory, damages to finished goods is any of that kind of cost also booked into the P&L 
this time around? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
No. Currently if you see the foot notes I have mentioned clearly that loss assessment is 
going on and currently we have not taken any impact of sites or stocks or profit loss in this 
current quarter. Once the assessment is over and we are submitting the final claim to the 
insurance company we will take you through the number then only we will be taking the 
impact in books of accounts. 
Indrajeet Bhatia: 
Sure and typically the turnaround time by insurance company to kind of pay us damages 
would be six months? 
Faiz Nagariya: 
Yes it is six months but we have been providing the required information and data to them 
so we should try that we are able to close this thing within three to four months. 
Indrajeet Bhatia: 
Got it. Thank you. Best of luck. 

 
 
      Aether Industries Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Shubhangi Desai: 
Thank you everyone for participating in the call. We hope that we have addressed majority 
of your questions. If you still have any further unanswered questions, then please feel free 
to reach out to us. Have a great day ahead. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
