Sonata Software Limited - SSL 
Registered Office: 208, T V Industrial Estate, 2nd Floor, S K Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 030 
Corporate Office: Tower-A, Sonata Towers, Global Village (Sattva Global City), RVCE Post, Kengeri Hobli,  
Mysore Road, Bengaluru - 560059, India 
Tel: +91 80 6778 1000 | CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110 
Website: www.sonata-software.com  
email: info@sonata-software.com 
 
 
2nd February, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai   
Kind Attn:  Manager, Listing Department 
Stock Code – SONATSOFTW 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  
Kind Attn: Manager, Listing Department 
  Stock Code - 532221         
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF ANALYSTS/INVESTORS CALL 
REF: REGULATION 46(2)(OA) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 
 
Further to our disclosure dated 23rd January, 2024 and 1st February, 2024, please find enclosed Transcript of 
Analyst/Investor call of the Company held on 1st February, 2024. The same is also made available on the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us/investor-
relations/quarterly/results. 
  
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sonata Software Limited 
 
 
 
Mangal Kulkarni 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head Legal 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
Mangal 
Krishnarao 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by Mangal 
Krishnarao Kulkarni 
Date: 2024.02.02 16:02:52 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Sonata Software Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMIR DHIR – CEO & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SONATA SOFTWARE LIMITED 
MR. JAGANNATHAN C N - CFO, SONATA SOFTWARE 
LIMITED 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sonata Software Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Samir Dhir - CEO and Managing Director from Sonata 
Software Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Samir Dhir: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening, everyone and we thank you for joining us today. We 
appreciate your valuable time and support for Sonata. 
In today's call, we will discuss our “Strategy, the Progress on our Strategic Plan and the Financial 
Results” for the quarter ending December 31st, 2023. 
It is my pleasure to share our progress towards our vision and growth trajectory for Sonata, 
despite the macroeconomic challenges and geopolitical issues which are resulting in slowdown 
in tech spending across the globe. Our big bets and continued investments continue to deliver 
great outcomes for Sonata. 
First, let me give you an update on our strategic goals and the progress we have made Y-
o-Y on those goals: 
As we stated in our earlier calls, our objective continues to be one of the fastest growing 
modernization engineering firm powered by a unique platformation framework. We aspire to 
achieve revenue of 1.5 billion by the end of FY26 at an international EBITDA level of low-20s. 
From a growth point of view, we have outlined a few critical bets that we are making. Number 
one, win multiple large deals consistently every quarter; number two, over delivering our M&A; 
number three, win new logos that can scale for Sonata to be the next large account for Sonata 
leveraging our partnerships with our key partners like Microsoft, AWS and other partners. And 
we wanted to achieve these goals in four verticals that we have called out are strategic verticals, 
which is Healthcare, Life Sciences; Banking, Financial Services and Insurance; Retail 
Manufacturing and TMT and the five geographies which is North America, UK, Europe, India 
and Australia. 
In the past four quarters, I will provide an update for the last four quarters together, we have won 
16 large deals. We significantly over performed in our Quant and Encore acquisitions. We added 
11 Fortune 500 clients in the last four quarters. Our Healthcare Life Sciences business, which 
was 9% of our revenue same time last year is now 12% of our revenue. So, as the platform grew, 
we added 3% more in Healthcare Life Sciences, which were a strategic bet for us. Our BFSI 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
business, which was 7% of our revenue same time last year is now about 18% of our revenue 
now. 
Our Modernization Engineering focus helped increase our cloud and data revenue contribution 
from 45% to 59%. Our teams have delivered these outcomes by sustaining EBITDA in the 20s. 
We are very proud to drive our top quartile both growth and EBITDA performance. It makes it 
special to drive this growth in this environment at a high EBITDA, which is almost in parallel 
at this point in time. Sonata software was just the fastest growing IT service provider in the most 
recent quarter as per HFS data viewpoint 2023 report. 
Let me provide you an update on AI, which is a bit in investment we have made in the 
course of the year: 
1. 
Sonata aims to lead the AI wave by modernizing tech and opts for a client. We are 
helping our clients on three dimensions, #1 leveraging AI to drive efficiencies for our 
clients, for example, our clients blended automation and AI to drive intelligent content 
generation with workflows to reduce manual effort. 
2. 
The second dimension in which we are driving AI is by leveraging AI to drive higher 
consumer experience and modernize sales as an example, our teams are delivering 
insight from Rs. 60,000 for a high-tech client to enable contact center sale staff to drive 
cross sell and upsell opportunities. 
3. 
And #3 is driving innovative business models, for example, generating new content 
from existing content using AI. We expect 20% of our revenue from AI services in the 
next 3 years. We have over $50 million pipeline on AI across 90 plus clients and 
prospects. In close collaboration with Microsoft, our teams are building solutions on 
Microsoft Fabric which is going to be infrastructure for AI as we move forward. 
Harmony.AI, the enterprise platform was responsible Gen AI adoption got listed on 
Azure and AWS marketplace and is now acknowledged by partners, industry bodies 
and our clients. 
With that, let me provide an update on large deals and large deal pipeline: 
We are delighted to report that our large deal pipeline is now 48% of our total pipeline, which is 
a 3x jump in dollar terms over last year. We now have 40 plus large deals under pursuit in the 
company. 
Let me provide an update on the three large deals that we won in the most recent quarter: 
Two of the three deals are for Fortune 25 clients: 
1. 
Deal #1 this is a client in large home improvement retail corporation in United States. 
The client faced challenges in modernizing their core systems and generating 
efficiencies across their inbound and outbound supply chain due to non-performance 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
from an incumbent partner. The client evaluated multiple prospective vendors and 
chose Sonata is a strategic partner for standardization and modernization. This is a 
five-year tenure deal with continuous modernization to transform their supply chain 
operations. 
2. 
Large deal #2 is for an American multinational technology corporation. The client was 
looking to improve and expand their end consumer experience and success using their 
products and services in modern data using AI and ML. Sonata partner with the 
customer to provide efficient solutions catering to the end user requirement leveraging 
strong domain and multilingual support for end customers. 
3. 
Deal #3, the client is an American transportation services company specializing in 
shipping. The client was looking for reliable partners who could help maintain their 
applications and infrastructure footprint across all lines of business. Sonata will 
provide development and modernization services on cloud cutting edge technologies 
and automation. We are truly delighted to have yet another quarter with three large 
deals. 
With that, let me provide you an update on the new logo wins: 
During the quarter, we added marquee logos which include a Fortune 20 client, a Fortune 22 
client and a Fortune 150 client, an update on scale with following a key bet to power us to scale 
up fast. Microsoft Fabric, which we outlined earlier is a data analytics platform for the era of AI. 
It went in general availability by Microsoft during the most recent quarter. During the event, 
Sonata was the only Indian SI among three other global partners explicitly mentioned in 
Microsoft Azure Data CVP in the launch note. Our team of over 300 data engineers enables the 
client to leverage this new end-to-end analytics platform paradigm. We continue to witness 
significant pipeline build for Fabric since its launch and we now have over $50 million of 
pipeline across 100 plus clients. 
Microsoft Dynamics for enterprises as they go through digital transfer journey and attempting 
to revamp how they operate, support customers and create business opportunities. Sonata 
continues to aim to transform such enterprises by undertaking complex migration as part of our 
modernization services for F&O, CE, power apps and power platform. Our joint GTMs with 
ecosystem partners and hyperscalers continue to make rapid progress. 
We are proud to share during the quarter some outstanding awards and accolades our 
team won in the quarter. I am going to talk about four awards that we won in the course 
of the quarter: 
1. 
We received the prestigious recognition in the form of “Most Preferred Workplaces 
for 2023 & ‘24” in IT and ITeS by team Marksmen. This award is a testament to our 
ongoing commitment to creating a people-centric workplace. 
2. 
We were adjudged as the “Best Governed Company” at the 23rd ICSI National 
Awards for “Excellence in Corporate Governance”. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
3. 
Everest Group featured Sonata in their “PEAK Matrix Assessment” for blending IT 
services for 2023, strengthening our BFSI presence in the marketplace. HFSH 
Research featured Sonata in their HFS Horizons for Generative AI Enterprise Life 
Sciences and Low Core Services for 2023. We continue to scale our India SITL 
business with a sharp focus on annuity revenue. 
With that, let me provide you an update on talent: 
Sonata is a people focused and talent conscious enterprise. We onboarded our engineer trainees 
for engineering campuses for FY2024 in December ‘23. This batch consisted of 93% women 
engineers from campuses just going on to show our commitment to DNI diversity and inclusivity 
in the company. With that, let me provide you an update on our quarter performance. In the most 
recent quarter, our international services revenue grew by 3.5% quarter-on-quarter, 38.3% Y-o-
Y. 
In constant currency terms, we witnessed 3% quarter-on-quarter growth and 37% Y-o-Y growth. 
In Q3, we had a strong order booking of 1.24 book-to-bill in the International Services business. 
We have over 40 plus large deals in pipeline and a large deal pipeline continue to grow. We 
improved our utilization in the quarter by 1.6%. Our quarter-on-quarter headcount increased in 
international business by 42 people. We now have 17 clients with over 3 million annual revenue 
at Sonata. Same time last year, this number was 9 clients, so almost double the number of clients 
with more than 3 million revenue now in about a year's time. In addition, we now have 12 clients 
with more than 5 million revenue run rate. Our overall attrition for the quarter stood at 16%. In 
SITL, the domestic business, the gross contribution in domestic business grew 25.8% Y-o-Y, a 
very strong performance in a seasonal quarter in the SITL business. Q3 consolidated PAT grew 
by 3.5% quarter-on-quarter. Operating margins for the international business were at 22.6% 
before FX and other income. 
As mentioned earlier, we are proud of the performance from our most recent acquisitions from 
both Encore and Quant. They both exceeded our expectations and really driven significant 
synergy revenue together. As you know, our acquisition premise was to drive synergy growth 
by leveraging deep Sonata offerings, our technical capabilities and resources, our corporate 
investments to accelerate growth. We are proud that both Sonata Quant and Encore is better 
together and our combined teams have delivered exceptional outcomes. Due to this over 
performance, both these acquisitions are now entitled for additional earn outs resulting in an 
exceptional item in our quarter P&L. Jagan will provide details shortly on these onetime 
exceptional items for Quant and Encore in the recent quarter. 
In Summary: 
We continue to remain optimistic about our long-term growth prospects. In the coming quarters, 
we will continue to have tailwinds and headwinds, the tailwinds of multiple large deals that we 
have announced and we continue to win and the headwinds in the short run due to softness in 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
BFSI vertical seasonally soft quarter from Quant and large deal decision delays that we have 
seen in the last one or two months. 
Our focus on moderation engineering and platformation at the core of and our industry-lead 
approach is paying, helping us win large deals and opening new enterprise grade logos. Overall, 
we expect to continue to stay in the top quartile performance fueled by our strategic investments 
we continue to make in our business. We want to continue to drive this growth at the top end of 
the industry leading EBITDA performance from Sonata. Thank you. 
With that, let me turn it over to Jagan for his comments on the financial performance. 
Jagannathan C N: 
Thank you, Samir for the overview. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening all. We had 
a very exciting quarter and delivered yet another quarter of industry-leading performance. It is 
my pleasure to present the Q3 Financials along with covering the exceptional items. 
As mentioned by Samir, we have acquired 2 entities, Quant Systems and Encore System. Both 
these acquisitions have outperformed in their performance than what was estimated by us last 
year. This has resulted in an exceptional situation for us, where the outperformance leads to 
revaluation of the acquisition cost, which has been at the accounting standard that we routed 
through the P&L, we can cover the details of the same. 
For Quant, the target revenue for Calendar Year ‘23 they had, it is done on calendar year basis 
for them because we acquired them, their financials are on calendar year. Calendar year 23 and 
Calendar Year ‘24, their revenue performance was expected to grow by 60% and 36% and 
EBITDA was supposed to grow by 32% and 33% in the two years. However, the revenue 
performance already happened in CY23 was 62% with EBITDA performance of 127%. Our 
estimate in the current or based on the current order book and the current year position, we expect 
them to grow by 65% in revenue for next year and 45% in EBITDA for next year. The revenue 
projection has achieved 1.2x of the target over the period of two years and EBITDA is 1.8x of 
the target estimate over 2 years. Against the initial valuation of 160 million, we are estimating 
additional earn out of 17.1 million due to significant overperformance in their revenue and 
EBITDA enabled by the IP, work box IP has enabled this for Quant. 
With regard to Encore, their target for revenue growth for three years, just to recollect, this was 
the acquisition during COVID period and post COVID their performance, they were expected 
to grow the revenue because it was acquired during COVID period their performance was 
expected to reach revenue to be growing at 10.3%, 9.8% and 9.6% for three years, and EBITDA 
was supposed to grow by 9.8%, 10% and 9.4%. However, they have outperformed from year 
one. Year one revenue performance was 87.2% compared to 10.3. The second year was 21.5% 
compared to 9.8% and the third year estimated 16.6% compared to 9.6% on revenue term and in 
EBITDA term, they had an 89% growth compared to 9.8% and 34% growth in second year 
compared to 10% and third year is 16.2% compared to 9.4%. The revenue production for them 
has achieved 1.9x of the target achievement over the three years and EBITDA projection is 2x 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
of the target achievement over the three years. Against the initial valuation of 13.75 million, we 
are estimating an additional payout of 3.9 million due to overperformance in revenue and 
EBITDA enabled by the timing of acquisition with the post COVID. With both these things, an 
expected payout of 21 million is taken to P&L as an exceptional item as per the accounting 
standards. 
Here, coming to the quarterly performance now, the revenue has grown by quarter 3 PAT and 
post exceptional item although reported as negative our PAT for the current quarter grew to Rs. 
128.5 crores, which was again a very healthy 3.5% quarter-on-quarter growth and 9.2% year-
on-year growth. This Q3 international services EBITDA before Forex and other income as Samir 
mentioned is 22.6% against 23.1%. Revenue for the quarter, international services, revenue grew 
by 3.3% quarter-on-quarter and 38.3% year-on-year. Rupee revenue grew by 4% quarter-on-
quarter and 42.3% year-on-year. In constant currency terms, the international services revenue 
witnessed 3% quarter-on-quarter growth and 37% year-on-year. The other metrics here is 
consolidated EPS post exceptional item was a negative for this quarter; however, the 
consolidated EPS in Q3 before the exceptional item was Rs. 4.60 paisa per share. At console 
level, the ROCE has been very strong at 31.4% for this quarter. 
The domestic business had a GP of Rs. 71.3 crores. It grew 14.2% quarter-on-quarter and 25.8% 
year-on-year. The PAT grew by 5.3% quarter-on-quarter and 17.4% year-on-year. The 
utilization for the quarter stood at 85.8%, we have added 30 new customers, the top 10 customers 
revenue has been 56% in this quarter compared to 61% last quarter. In this current quarter, the 
number of clients, more than 3 million is 17 customers as Samir mentioned last year, it was 8 at 
the same time. The TMT was 31% of our revenue. Retail manufacturing is 34. HLS is healthcare 
services is 11% and banking financial services is 17%. Emerging is 8% of time. We have also 
covered the various go to market, what we have achieved. Data is 24% for us, dynamics is 23% 
and cloud is 36% for us. The order book is 1.24x of the revenue just book to bill what I covered 
in this. International DSO is 45 days and domestic DSO was around 35 days. The total headcount 
for the quarter is 6,494 in Q2 to 6,532 in Q3. We have an addition of about 42 employees in this 
quarter. 
So, coming back to this point, this overperformance of what we have acquired, this is a testament 
of the acquisition strategy to drive this energy growth by leveraging deep Sonata offerings and 
technical resources and corporate investment. This is very positive for us. This led to a strong 
ROI and our payback period has halved during this quarter. This has also is in a way increasing 
our return on capital employed continuously. This is very appreciable. As a CFO, I believe that 
the payback period for this acquisition of Quant is actually half, and last two acquisitions has 
been very successful. This reiterates our strategy and focus and drive. This quarter has been one 
of the best quarters for us, again this is the fifth quarter we are reporting industry leading revenue 
growth and a strong profitability. This has also helped us to get our growth stories intact and we 
are very confident of continuing to have the industry leading growth. 
Thank you. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Baidic Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidic Sarkar: 
Couple of questions. Anecdotally, it looks like except Quant and perhaps the large deal ramp-
up, the rest of the business that grew at about 2% sequentially, is it the right interpretation and 
just triangulating your opening remarks Samir, is this the direction of growth expected say in the 
next few quarters? And secondly, in terms of closure of large deals, Samir, are the timelines 
moderately better than what they were say the previous 12 months, how are you reading this? 
Samir Dhir: 
So, the way to think about this is this. In our core business as well as acquisitions, we really have 
been working to create these large deals momentum. As you quite have noted, I earlier 
mentioned about 40 plus large deals that we are chasing in pursuit right now and in the last one 
year, we have closed close to about 16 large deals and that just is in both organic side as well as 
the acquisition that we made, and it is becoming now most more or less the muscle memory of 
Sonata to go create these deals and win those deals comprehensively against the competition. 
So, yes, I think if you back out the large deals, the growth rate has been largely driven by the 
large deals in the course of the year and that was our status strategy that in the year which is 
rather muted, most of the competition has grown in single digit or low single digit, we have 
outperformed the market really on the back of the large deal. So, I think that assessment is a fair 
assessment. As far as the deal cycle is concerned, I think in the marketplace it is quite 
unpredictable that there is no real systemic pattern. So, if you go back in time, I think we were 
seeing a good deal closure in Q1. We saw some slowdown in the beginning of Q2, but it picked 
back up in Q2 second half. Then in Q3, the early part it was pretty high. Then in Q3 later part 
and Q4 beginning part, it has been slow. It has been going a little bit like a sinusoidal curve. So, 
honestly, we don't see a trend, but the delays are about a couple of months, maybe 2.5 months. 
It is not indefinite delays, but you do see sometimes when you are ready to go, customers are 
delaying some of these deals by a month or two. So, that has been the general trend, and it 
happens once in a quarter here and there. I hope I answer the question, Baidic. 
Baidic Sarkar: 
Yes, is there anything you would like to point out in the behavior, perhaps ramp up of our largest 
client, who is historically largest client in high-tech, like there has been some software’s as we 
got into this fiscal year, any turnaround, what your conversations indicate and I am sorry in your 
opening remarks, did you say that we will continue to perhaps be acquisitive in the medium 
term? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes, let me cover both the questions. So, I think from a high-tech industry in general, we are 
beginning to see green shoots now. We are beginning to see the turnaround. If you notice my 
comments, now we are seeing some softness in banking, but the high-tech is back on the growth 
trajectory at this point in time, including the largest client, I think in the second half of the year 
is much stronger growth compared to the first half and at this point in time, we are in a ramp up 
mode. So, the revenue full quarter effect will probably be visible from the next quarter, which is 
end of Q4 or Q1, but yes, absolutely the green shoots are visible, and we are in the ramp up 
mode in the high-tech side including the largest client, Baidic. As far as the acquisitions are 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
concerned, if you recall, we have always maintained that we will do acquisitions for the right 
reasons. We are not looking actively to acquire at this point in time, but if there is the right 
property that comes up which has the right reasons, we will not hesitate to make a decision, but 
our core motive continues to be the growth business organically and if something makes sense 
along the way we will make those acquisitions, Baidic. 
Baidic Sarkar: 
Just one last bookkeeping question, if I may. Jagan, in terms of margins, the last few quarters 
probably had the impact of ramp up in MS Fabric and of course, monetization and that might be 
two quarters away, as that perhaps comes into play in FY25, is it fair to expect that operating 
margins will inch up? And I also understand that we have had a few non-cash charges in the 
P&L that were acquisition related, I reckon they probably begin to come off this calendar year, 
could you please quantify by how much and by when? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Baidic, on the operating margin front, the large deals will have a benefit probably and now the 
benefit may come in Q1 of next year, but as mentioned to all of you, we will continue to do our 
investment. In the medium-term, we want to stick to the guidance of low-20s EBITDA margin 
without other income and Forex. We will continue to explore the opportunity for the growth; 
hence we need to continue to investment. That is my operating margin answer for that your 
question. The second element is yes, once the payout happens in this which is going to happen 
in the month of April, first quarter of next year there will be a reduction in the interest cost, it is 
not a bank interest cost or accounting interest. That amount will come down by roughly about 
half of it. So, this is going to benefit, we will get a benefit because of that. 
Baidic Sarkar: 
So, our amortization run rate as we have reported will continue, there are no changes in that, 
right? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Amortization run rate will come down from first quarter of next year. 
Baidic Sarkar: 
Sorry, so did you say both interest cost and amortization will come off by Q1 FY25? 
Jagannathan C N: 
There are three components in that. One is amortization that is on all your intangibles, there 
should be amortization that will continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
First is as a follow up, so you are saying high-tech growth, we should expect to continue in Q4 
as well, is that understanding correct? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes, so let me let me characterize a little bit more. So, as you know, the first half of the fiscal 
year was soft on high-tech, but in the second half, Q3, we closed deals and in Q4 we have ramp 
up mode. So, yes, in the second half compared to first half is going to be sequentially growth in 
first half, but we will see a full quarter impact of it going into Q1, because we are right now in 
the ramp up mode in high-tech. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Mohit Jain: 
The second one was BFSI we saw this decline during the quarter, now is that something we are 
say ramped our project completions are behind this, or should we expect that to continue in Q4 
as well? 
Samir Dhir: 
I think from the current visibility, the news that we knew has been absorbed in the current run 
rate, but the banking is soft, at this point in time we do not expect any further impact in the 
current quarter, but it is a dynamic environment, Mohit, we will continue to monitor it closely. 
Mohit Jain: 
And as a follow up like the top ten client revenue movement that we are seeing is that the reasons 
are same as because of that BFSI side and high-tech the same clients are showing up in top 10? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes, I think the top 10 by and large continues to be the same. We are ramping up on a few clients 
which will probably enter into the top 10 I would say in a couple quarter. There are some new 
clients if you see my earlier comments we mentioned there are some Fortune 20 companies, 
Fortune 100 companies that we recently acquired and are in a ramp up mode, so they will get 
full ramped up by Q1 or early Q2. So, they will break into our top 10 maybe 2 to 3 quarters from 
now. 
Mohit Jain: 
So, broadly, we are looking at a similar kind of a growth outlook for the next quarter, but then 
we are expecting some ramp ups to happen in Q1 next year? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes, so I think overall the growth momentum is solid, but the rest is as I said earlier, this is a 
seasonally soft quarter for Quant while the Quant overall will do well in the calendar year, we 
run calendar year, but the current quarter is seasonally soft quarter for Quant, but the rest of the 
business will be on the same trajectory, but for Quant alone this will be a soft quarter, while the 
overall year will be fine. 
Mohit Jain: 
And sir last, this is related to your opening remark. Did you say there is some delayed large deal 
ramp ups, or did you say large deal ramp ups are on time for us? 
Samir Dhir: 
It is seasoning delays, so deals that we are winning they are which were supposed to close in 
December are now getting closed in end of January, so we are seeing like a 45 days to 60 days 
decision delays some of the deals. 
Mohit Jain: 
That is from pipeline to TCV or from TCV to revenue? 
Samir Dhir: 
Pipeline to TCV. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers, quite wonderful numbers in this environment. Sir, 
largely I wanted to understand on the TMT vertical, I mean you made a commentary that the 
ramp ups are expected to continue and the 4Q and coming quarters will also be strong. I just 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
wanted to understand what is it driving the growth exactly over the large client that would be 
helpful? My second question was on the large retail deal I mean we had a $160 million deal, 
which was there last year. We were expecting a ramp up to happen in 3Q, so what is update over 
there because our retail number didn't move this quarter, so just wanted to get an understanding 
around that? And the third question was around the cash outflow, so for the acquired entities that 
is both Quant as well as the other company I mean when is the cash outflow going to happen? 
And should one consider any further increase in provisioning from here on or should one not 
considered that? 
Samir Dhir: 
Sure, I will take the first 2 I will request Jagan to take the third one. So, on the TMT side really 
it is a manifestation of the investments we are making in AI. I think a lot of turnaround we have 
seen in the TMT side is because of our investments in AI and data. So, the ramp up that we are 
doing is essentially to leverage Gen AI and AI capabilities for these high-tech customers, 
including our largest high-tech customer. So, that is really helping us well. The investment 
strategy that we have outlined 2 to 3 quarters back is paying us dividends and this business 
continues to ramp up from data and AI perspective both. So, that is really where the TMT 
question was. On the retail deal that we announced about a year back, let me just give you a 
perspective on that. If you recall, in Q1 we said we are in ramp up mode, our Q1 margins in the 
current fiscal year were dropped because we ramped up fully, but the full revenue didn't come. 
In Q2 we fully ramped up the deal and hence our margin picked back up again because the 
staffing was done in Q1 and the revenue started picking up in Q2. So, that large deal at this point 
in time was fully ramped up and it is in the numbers. So, in Q3 it was in a steady state. Of course 
there was some incremental revenue on that deal, but by and large the deal is fully ramped up at 
this point in time. The third question I request Jagan to take. 
Jagannathan C N: 
Can you repeat the third question please? 
Samir Dhir: 
Cash flow has fully absorbed. 
Jagannathan C N: 
The cash outflow for the acquired entities, no, that will happen in April of this year and then July 
of this coming year and same way in the April of 2025 and the July of 2025 is one. Encore will 
also be closed, and it will happen somewhere in July of coming years. 
Samir Dhir: 
The provisions fully done. 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, provisions are all fully done. This is all done completed, everything is done. 
Mihir Manohar: 
So, even if the performance, let us say, goes up from here and there will be no further provision 
which will happen? 
Jagannathan C N: 
No further provision is required; we have considered all the performance and then made a once 
for all we have done for everything. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Mihir Manohar: 
And just a clarification, sir, you also made a comment that the payback period for Quant has 
gone half versus what you were estimating earlier, so is this after considering the increased 
payout or is it before that? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, after considering the increased payout. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Mayank Babla from Enam AMC. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
My first question is towards Jagan, sir. Sir, in the beginning of the call, you had mentioned that 
the target for Quant was around 60% growth in CY23 and 36% growth in CY24, but it ended 
up, the expectations are much better than what you had earlier targeted. So, for CY24, if I am 
not mistaken, you said that the target is 64% revenue growth? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, CY25 also, CY24 also they were expected, the target was 36% growth, but the estimate of 
our achievement is going to 65%. 
Mayank Babla: 
And in terms of EBITDA? 
Jagannathan C N: 
In terms of EBITDA the target was supposed to be 33%, but the expectation is 45% achievement. 
Mayank Babla: 
And could you please give us the contribution of Quant so far in 9 months FY24? 
Jagannathan C N: 
The contribution from Quant right, you are expecting? 
Mayank Babla: 
Yes. 
Jagannathan C N: 
That is actually completely integrated Mayank, so we have a lot of synergy elements inside this, 
so have not disclosed this separately. 
Mayank Babla: 
And my second question is to Mr. Samir sir, you earlier mentioned that the Fortune 20, 22 
and150 client that are there in your kitty, they are expected to ramp up by Q1 of FY25 and they 
will be added to the top 10 clients. So, how will this change the client pyramid in terms of $3 
million to $5 million and $5 million plus client? 
Samir Dhir: 
Mayank, I think there are 2, 3 parts, so these clients that we are now winning will gradually ramp 
up and like as I said in Q1, Q2 of next year they will be fully ramped up for the business that we 
have won. And we are of course going to incrementally in business from here on because of the 
pipeline behind these clients as well. So, our long-term goal is to have the top 10 contribute in 
low 50% of our overall revenue. Today, that number is about 56% or 57% Mayank. We think it 
will be about 50% to 53% and even in 3 years out as we move forward. Now the name of the 
client will change because we are bringing in high quality logos, but the contribution of the top 
10 will be in the 50% to 53% range even in couple of years out. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Congratulations for very good set of numbers. So, Jagan sir, would you repeat your comment 
regarding interest and depreciation for the coming years? I could not understand what will be 
the interest and amortization for the next 2 years? 
Jagannathan C N: 
We have explained this amortization and interest in our earlier slides also we have given the 
details of it. What is that is there are 3 components are there one is the bank loan interest amount 
which is payable to the Bank there. The second is because we have an earn out payment for next 
2 years, as per the accounting standard, you have to discount it and bring it to the present value. 
The difference between the present value and amount what you pay accounted as an interest 
cost. The third element is amortization of Intangibles Assets, so the amortization of Intangible 
Assets will continue to be there for 7 years to 10 years next 7 years to 10 years because that is 
how the life of the asset is. The interest component to the bank will continue, but interest on 
which is the accounting entry for the payouts at the later payout, that portion will come down by 
half after the first-year payout. What we are going to do in the month of April and July once it 
is completed the interest amortization amount will come down. So, that is what I said at least it 
will come down by half. The details and information of how much is the amount, all these things 
we have given in the presentation last quarter also the details are available there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Can you just tell me again that the margin decline in the international business on a sequential 
basis, what was the reason for that, sir? 
Jagannathan C N: 
This is a quarterly small change as last time we had some benefits flowing through the utilization 
and the scaling up in the large deal. Samir was mentioning that last year last quarter the large 
deal what we won in March started taking off in the last quarter hence we got a benefit of that. 
That adjustment has come down in this quarter, hence, the margin looks like it has dropped by 
50-60 basis points. What we have also mentioned is in the medium term we will continue to 
focus to achieve the EBITDA without other income and for us at low 20s, low 20 is between 20 
to 22 we will continue to achieve in the medium term, but we still are doing well and compared 
to last quarter there was some benefit because of the large deal actually taking off last quarter. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And sir the second question that one clarification, you mentioned that this Quant business is 
slow in this quarter you were talking about Q4 or Q3? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Q4. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
So, while Quant business will be slow because of your tracking a ramp up in your this high-tech 
vertical, you were confident of sustaining this kind of growth is what the guidance is. Is that 
correct? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, your understanding this right. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
The last thing is that the payout, the fair value changes that you have made. So, essentially you 
have given part of the benefit of achieving better growth in your acquisitions back to the guys 
who sold it to you, and you are saying that still the payback has improved even after making this 
additional thing? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, payback period has come down by half. The EBITDA to the fair value of that was almost 
like 10 to 11 when we acquired has come down to 6 and the payback period has also come down 
to half. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
So, currently it is 6 times EBITDA? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Correct. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
As far as the payments are concerned you will continue to do that through your bank loans etc., 
that is there you still have not received the permission to use your cash reserve out here to make 
the payment for that? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, but as mentioned to all of you during the acquisition, due to some operational procedural 
RBI issue reason we are not able to utilize our money which is there in India majorly. So, we 
have borrowed some money in U.S. So, for that temporary purpose of this rollover we may take 
a short-term loan in U.S. for the acquisition, but in the long and the medium term once the RBI 
issue is fully resolved, we will be able to come out of that. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
And very last question is like, if I can squeeze? For the Q3, was there any kind of furloughs or 
any such things because of the number of working days or anything which were there and which 
will not be there in quarter 4 and when you are talking about that everything will fire beautifully 
in quarter 1, so are you definitely looking at a much better quarter 1 of FY25? 
Samir Dhir: 
So, the furloughs were not any significant numbers Sanjaya, I think in our business, we do not 
see that much candidly. However, having said that, last quarter, we did see distinct delays in 
some of the deals, so we did carry some people in the bench. But overall, our utilization has still 
moved in the right direction. And we believe that the momentum that if you are not generative 
in TMT, we are still in ramp up mode. And by March time, we should be fully ramp-up and 
hence we will see an uptake on those numbers in Q1 quarter fully loaded. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Congrats on a good quarter, sir. Just a clarification regarding the comments made earlier by 
Samir you mentioned about green shoots in the high-tech vertical and also for the large client. 
So, just wanted to clarify was there any challenge especially that we are calling out as a green 
shoot, because I remember in the last quarter we had mentioned that because of the fiscal year 
end for our large client, there was a delay in terms of the bookings and conversion? 
Samir Dhir: 
Yes. So, Abhishek first of all thank you for complimenting us. I think in summary, we did see 
decision delays and in Q2 we did not book the order book to our satisfaction in the TMT vertical. 
But going into Q3, we started closing the deal as per the norm that was earlier. And the large 
client specifically started seeing some momentum. And what is happening is that we are winning 
the new work in the AI space, and that is what we are ramping up right now, which I did earlier. 
So, it wasn't like a pause, but the decision delays were holding us, given holding pattern for 
about, I would say, quarter and half or so. That is behind us and now we are in a ramp up mode. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Jagan, sir, if you can just clarify what you said about the payment challenges and because of 
which you are raising debt that would be helpful. Thank you again for taking my question and 
best wishes for you. 
Jagannathan C N: 
You are asking about the payment challenges correct? 
Abhishek Shindadkar: 
Yes. 
Jagannathan C N: 
As mentioned towards all of you during the acquisition, we have some procedural RBI issue. 
So, we are not able to remit the money what we have in the parent to the subsidiary for the 
acquisition. So, we have borrowed money during the acquisition, and we may require to borrow 
money a little bit more for short-term reasons. However, the net debt will be positive, will have 
money in the parent book and so that is what I was explaining to you. Once the RBI issue is 
addressed and solved, we will be able to remit money from the parent to the subsidiary and the 
loans can be closed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Devang Bhatt from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just one bookkeeping question, since you have 
increased your payout, so last quarter your unwinding of interest was Rs. 11 crores. So, now 
since your payout has increased, what would be your increased unwinding of interest, if you 
could? 
Jagannathan C N: 
There is no increase in the unwinding of interest Devang because we have now taken the routed 
that has gone through the P&L fully, so there is no increase in that. After the amount is paid out 
in the quarter 1 in April and July of the coming year, the unwinding of interest will come down 
almost by half. 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Tushar from InCred Capital, please go 
ahead. 
Tushar: 
This question is for Jagan, sir. So, Jagan sir, last year we had a wage hike in Q4 and 1Q of FY24, 
so any color regarding the wage hike for this fiscal or in this calendar year? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Yes, we are still evaluating Tushar. We are still evaluating, and we will do whatever is there in 
the industry norm we definitely will consider and then take a measure in that direction. But we 
are still in the process of evaluating and also we are now trying to bring in a performance 
management system which is benchmark to the Industry. We are in the process of doing, once 
the performance management is launched and completed then we may consider the salary 
increment for the people. At present we are still in the process now. 
Tushar: 
My next question is regarding the business in the European geography, any color on that would 
be helpful? 
Jagannathan C N: 
The European customer? 
Tushar: 
No, European geography revenue we have seen business for the last 2 to 3 quarters, so any color 
on that will be helpful? 
Jagannathan C N: 
Nothing specific on that Tushar. They were one of our leading customers, the couple of projects 
got over this is an abrasion for a couple of quarters. Otherwise, the European geographies will 
start recovering probably next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prolin, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Prolin: 
I have 2 questions. One is on Fabric and second is on our aspiration to have 20% of revenue 
coming from AI. So, firstly on Fabric, right I mean, I was reading the transcript of Microsoft, 
and they are quite bullish, right they mentioned that in terms of data stored on Fabric Lake, there 
is a 46% increase Y-o-Y. And in the past conference call, we have also mentioned that we have 
been working with them to help them build the product or build Fabric and test the product and 
so on and so forth. So, just wanted to understand as Microsoft has now made Fabric available 
how will the ramp up in revenue take place over the next few quarters? And which are some of 
the other products which we are working on with Microsoft, especially on this whole Microsoft, 
focusing a lot on copilot and that being one of the key offering when it comes to AI across their 
products way? Do we have any play when it comes to copilot or any other product that you want 
to specifically call out on? 
Samir Dhir: 
Prolin, good question I think just let us take the questions 1 by 1. So, on the Fabric side we were 
with Microsoft on the engineering side and then testing their product in Sonata as a test bed as 
well about year and a year and a half back. So, we really had an early advantage and that is what 
we are capitalizing. They have just launched the product in November, their pipeline from a 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
scale perspective is just beginning to build up because right when they announced the product 
in November end, then there was Christmas period in January just started. However, having said 
that, we have built ourselves over 50 million all over the pipeline and that is largely coming from 
the new logos that we are able to get in because a very differentiated offering and most of these 
larger clients are very interested to understand the Fabric offering from our team specifically. 
So, early days candidly to give a forward-looking view on this, but we know as Microsoft is 
scale B, we will absolutely win the bus with them to maximize the revenue for Sonata, we will 
continue to provide an update to all of you in every quarter how the pipeline build is happening. 
And if you look at the commentary, I think about a quarterback we probably had about 25 to 30 
clients. That number has gone up to about 50, but the scale is still in front of us. We are still in 
the process of building a pipeline. Of course, we have had about 7 or 8 customers which have 
signed up and we started the work. But the POC work itself lasts about 8 to 10 weeks. So, I think 
by a meaningful numbers will start to trickle into this in Q2, Q3 onwards of next fiscal year. 
That is the first part of your question. The second part of your question on Copilot, the short 
answer is absolutely, yes. The green shoots that I talked about in TMT, have largely come from 
our work in data and AI, and Copilot is an integral part of that. And all the work on data and AI 
one side, but even in traditional work on dynamic side, whether it is F&O or CE, we continue to 
leverage the power of copilot for our existing and new deals that we are winning on the dynamic 
side as well. As far as the new products that we are working with, we can't talk about that much 
because those are confidential products, but specifically the 2 that we can talk about we will 
discuss and share the details with you. 
Prolin: 
The second question is on AI, right. And you mentioned that overall you want 20% or 25% of 
revenue from AI in 3-years-time and one of the offering there is Harmony AI, right and which 
is where we have built a bunch of services, RPA services, Integration services, so on and so forth 
around the LLM and so just wanted to understand that and one of the unique selling points of 
Harmony AI as told responsible AI or for that matter privacy of customers data, so is that the 
only use case which we have in AI and can you help us understand which are the some of the 
other things which are like an overlay over the existing LLM? And how do we ensure that some 
of these offerings are not inbuilt in any of these LLM in the future right so that our offerings stay 
relevant for the market? 
Samir Dhir: 
So, if you go back to the comments I made earlier Prolin, I think there were 3 different 
dimensions of AI that I talked about earlier. Just making a quick recap for you. The first was to 
drive efficiencies for our clients and the example I quoted there was to use intelligent content 
generation with workflows to reduce manual effort. This is for automating a lot of manual efforts 
at customer’s end are going. The second dimension of this is to drive modernized sales and 
consumer experience, and the example there is that they were used AI to glean information from 
60,000 wikis, for a contact center implementation, and then provided information so that the 
cross sell and upsell can happen. And the third is to really generate new business models for our 
customer because now with Gen AI specifically, you can generate new data from existing data. 
So, as an example for one of the media clients we are in conversation with, they can generate 
new books from existing books that they have. So, those are some interesting use cases coming 

 
Sonata Software Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
out of it. And we are leveraging the power of our Harmony AI using that. Now our differentiation 
is not in building LLM as we have talked about earlier, our differentiation is to really build the 
wrapper services around LLMs which continue to provide responsible first framework from a 
customer data privacy standpoint on one end. Second from a consumption and compute 
reduction, so that there it is environment friendly because AI services can be quite heavy on the 
computer side and hence had to cost, that is the second side and then the third is really bring in 
industry flavored solution from an AI point of view whether it is a Healthcare AI or Banking AI 
or Contact Center AI to really bring in domain specific flavor to those is really what we are 
building out and that is not a native LLM capability just a wrapper services and that is where we 
are differentiating Prolin. 
Prolin: 
Just an add on to it, I mean in future can some of these services be built in the core LLM and 
how do we ensure that our product then stays relevant even if that happens in the future? 
Samir Dhir: 
Well, I will be guessing if I can give you an answer in future, but I can tell you we will have to 
continue to innovate. We think we have about a year ahead of the competition. We will have to 
of course wanted to push ourselves to continue innovate, but some of these services might move 
to a different layer, which I can't predict honestly. But right now, we believe about a year 
advantage over the competition that is why we are winning in the TMT sector, so the green shoot 
I talked about earlier. 
Prolin: 
What I was alluding to is that maybe a similar sort of transition happened during this whole 
cloud from one premise to cloud as well, right? Many of the services were inbuilt in the package 
with some of the hyperscalers provided, so that is where I came from. But I take your answer 
that we need to continue to innovate and thanks a lot for that and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Samir Dhir: 
Thank you, operator. We want to just use this opportunity once again for your support and time 
for Sonata. We continue to be optimistic about our business like we have always said our 
aspiration is to be the top quartile growth company. Of course, there will be some seasonal 
variations like we talked about in Quant coming up in this quarter. But in general, we are very 
optimistic about the future and if you can see that last 4 or 5 or 6 quarters now, we have continued 
to hit in the top quartile performance both on the top line. And what is endearing to us is that we 
are also maintaining our EBITDA line, which is also industry leading, so both on top and bottom 
line, we continue to be in the top quartile, and we are very proud of the achievements of our 
teams globally. So, I use this opportunity to thank our team members globally as well for their 
outstanding work that they continue to do for us. And thank you to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Sonata Software Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
