 
 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE 
Date: February 08, 2024 
 
 
To: 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G, Bandra -
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
To: 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited, Rotunda Building,  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call 
held to discuss Financial Results for quarter and nine months ended 31st 
December, 2023  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Friday, February 02, 2024 to discuss the Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2023.  
 
You are requested to take this information on record.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
 
Nikhil Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A42626  
Nikhil 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by Nikhil Agarwal 
DN: c=IN, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
2.5.4.20=e6dc529c5302ce3061edf6892530cb4632b586
aa534df1856cde70f378af38f1, postalCode=282010, 
street=pratap nagar , Shahaganj , Agra, 
pseudonym=d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e, 
serialNumber=44d918c4ba547bc26415eacf24940438a4
920bfbae770612ae329c527f578bad, o=Personal, 
cn=Nikhil Agarwal 
Date: 2024.02.08 17:56:12 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“RITES Limited Q3 FY-24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAHUL MITHAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR. 
MR. A.K. SINGH – DIRECTOR PROJECTS. 
DR. DEEPAK TRIPATHI – DIRECTOR TECHNICAL. 
MR. K. G. AGARWAL – DIRECTOR (FINANCE). 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA–ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to the Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of RITES Limited hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good morning everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome 
you all for the Q3 FY24 and Nine Month FY24 Conference Call of RITES Limited. 
I take this opportunity to welcome the management of RITES Limited represented by 
Shri. Rahul Mithal – Chairman and Managing Director; Shri. A K Singh – Director 
Projects; Shri. Deepak Tripathi, Director Technical and Shri. K. G, Agarwal – Director 
Finance. 
We will begin the call with a brief overview by the management followed by Q&A 
session. 
I will now hand over the call to Rahul, sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Morning everyone. Let me begin with the Safe Harbor Statement: 
The presentation and the press release, which we uploaded on our website yesterday 
and all discussions during the call today may have some forward-looking statements. 
These statements consider the environment we see as of today and obviously, carry a 
risk in terms of uncertainty because of which the actual results could be different, and 
we do not undertake to update those statements periodically.  
So, let us break down the Q3 numbers: 
If you compare Y-o-Y the revenue has been flat, profits have dipped by about Rs.18 
crore and the hit has been by the two identified areas about Rs.25 crore from the 
export stream of revenue and about eight crore from the inspection stream of revenue. 
which, as you are aware due to changed goalposts now. croreIn line with our efforts 
and push to maximize the project consultancy stream of revenue to minimize the 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
impact of these two streams the YoY, the project consultancy revenue saw a growth 
of 21%. 
And what we are happy that the challenges and the strategy that we identified at the 
beginning of this FY to counter these two impacts to the maximum and minimize that 
impact have seen a steady growth sequentially in line with our strategy. 
And if you compare sequentially, all the areas whether revenue Q2, Q3 has gone up 
by about 20%, EBITDA has gone up by 30%, PAT has gone up, margins have gone up 
by about 2% and project consultancy has continued to grow, so sequentially also it has 
grown by 5%.  
So, this is in line with our direction, consolidating our position in this FY. And the biggest, 
the happiest moment for us was when we got the first export order after a gap of four 
years. So, that also now will start generating revenue. And finally, we can be proud to 
say that we are now a one order a day company. In quarter three, we got +100 orders 
totaling +600 crore. So, our immediate target of being a one order a day company is 
now in place. 
And with this, I think consolidating our position moving forward, will only see further 
improvements sequentially also. So, with these opening comments, I leave the floor 
open for questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Thinkside Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Yash Gupta: 
Sir my question is on the consultancy margin, in the last four, five quarters we have 
seen a a volatility in the margin, in this quarter also we saw a dip in consultancy 
margin, what’s your outlook for next financial year FY25? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, Good morning Yash. See in consultancy, all the streams of revenue contributing to 
the consultancy revenue including the inspection revenue, all of them opening up to 
competitive bidding and we aggressively bidding and getting orders as I mentioned at 
the outset, as I said more than +100 orders we got in this quarter, yes, definitely 
margins will  be difficult to maintain at the historical levels even within the consultancy 
stream and also overall the EBITDA margins, including in each of these sectors. So, 
while these margins will continue to be difficult, as I said to secure the historical levels, 
but yes, considering that we are now getting more and more orders and increasing our 
order book, as you see our consultancy order book has also remained healthy, our aim 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
will be to maximize the orders in the consultancy wing, continue with their effective 
execution so that you see actual growth in EBITDA, in profit while securing margins to 
an appreciable level. 
Yash Gupta: 
We can say that consistency margin will be around to be 22 to 25 level or below 42%. 
Rahul Mithal: 
 You see overall we have a blended mix of revenue and our aim will be that overall our 
EBITDA margins we will be aiming for anything above +20%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financials. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj: 
My question is, we are still in international consultancy what is the reason for that? 
Rahul Mithal: 
See international consultancy, I agree Viraj that the revenue realization of 
international consultancy has been slightly low in this quarter. However, orders have 
started flowing in and the way we have bid across a number of geographies in 
international consultancy, I’m sure that they will start generating revenue maybe 
about two quarters henceforth. So, in the coming FY, you will see a growth, both not 
only in the international consultancy contribution to the revenue as well as, as I said at 
the outset the export order, which has now coming, we have got Rs 300 crore order to 
start generating revenue next year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please 
go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir my question was pertaining to the export orders. So, as you see, we have just 
converted partial of our L1 into the firm orders. So, when can we see the larger pie 
coming, converting into revenues or even into firm orders? 
Rahul Mithal: 
No, see there were two different geographies one was Mozambique, which is the 
locomotive order, which we have got for 10 locomotives and locomotives are normally 
a longer lead area and while we are hopeful of pushing them, but they will definitely 
start generating revenue by latter part of the FY. The second case was where we are 
L1 for about 200 coaches amounting to Rs. 800+ crore at Bangladesh. We are hopeful 
that, that should mature into a finite LOA soon in the coming weeks. Coaches since 
take a lesser lead time, they to my mind will definitely start generating revenue quicker 
than the locomotives but, both combined as of now should definitely start generating 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
revenue in the coming FY, besides this we are pitching for a number of orders and bids 
for export across various geographies.  
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. And sir any clarity on the Zimbabwe orders the rolling stock? 
Rahul Mithal: 
The agreement, as I mentioned last time has been signed few months back, they are 
pursuing, getting their funding in place. They are moving in the right direction, we are 
also in closely in touch with them, they are getting the funding from the African 
Development Bank and all the necessary paperwork is moving in the right direction. 
And I’m sure that it should mature into a formal finite committed agreement very soon. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vishal from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal: 
Just one clarification, last time in the call you have mentioned that the two orders 
which is the Bangladesh is upward of 1500 and Mozambique is upwards of 500. So, 
just for clarification, so what I can understand like as per the release Mozambique is 
roughly Rs.300 crore that we have received, and Bangladesh is working out to be like 
Rs. 900-odd crore so is it like remaining part yet to be, the tender are yet to come out 
or this is firm like out of 1500 for Bangladesh we have got 900 and similarly for lower 
for Mozambique. Is that the right way to understand? 
Rahul Mithal: 
No, there’s a slight difference, you can recheck the figures what we had mentioned last 
time was that, 1500 is the total export orders there’s a visibility out of that the one 
order has converted into a finite order in agreement which is the Mozambique one. The 
Bangladesh one is in the final stages, where you have declared L1 which is totally 
ranging in about Rs.800 crore to Rs.900 crore which is what which should mature soon. 
So, these are things which are immediate visibility, we had mentioned a total pie of the 
visibility in the range of about Rs.1500 crore. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So, is it that the pie still remains or probably that’s all we can get from the 
Bangladesh and Mozambique as of now? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, that was including the orders which was in hand, and that has already we have 
now in quarter three if you see we have exported two locomotives and 10 coaches 
which has generated revenue. So, now what we see and if something more mature, 
we become L1, we bid for a number of locations, we will definitely inform you. One 
portion of the pie which was where you were declared L1 was the wagon order in 
Mozambique which was approximately about Rs.150 crore to Rs.175 crore to Rs.200 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
crore. And that was the one where while we were declared L1, but at the stage of 
finalizing the order they didn’t give us the orders for various reasons. So, to that extent 
that out of 1500 that amount has gone down. 
Vishal: 
Right. Maybe just one last thing, so these orders they are in built to us in USD and is it 
like FOREX and gain and loss that comes to our P&L or how it works? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, it comes to our P&L. So, the approximate figures in INR I’m quoting is 
approximately at the time of getting the order but obviously the revenue realization 
happens in USD. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj: 
Sir with all the change coming online, what would be your guidance now? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, you see Viraj our main goal at this FY, was to number one, come as close to FY22-
23. Number two, to get an export order to increase our consultancy order book have a 
growth in the project consultancy revenue and continue bidding aggressively while 
securing our margins to the extent possible. So, with all these as you see at the outset 
that I mentioned, they are moving in the right direction, what we are aiming is that, this 
FY we should come as close as possible to the last FY. In the coming FY these export 
orders will start generating revenue, these large number of consultancy orders that 
we are getting, will start generating more revenue and this push as you see in the 
project consultancy revenue which is happening sequentially also, with all this our aim 
is that next FY, our baseline will be FY22-23, not ‘23-24. And based on that baseline of 
‘22-23, our aim will be to have a healthy double digit growth in the EBITDA and profits. 
Viraj: 
Even the top line would grow at the same level or would be less than double digit? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Viraj, as I have been mentioning earlier in my various interaction, we are bottom line 
driven company. And we will aim at double digit growth on the EBITDA and profit on 
our baseline of ‘22-23 rather than just focus on the top line, without giving you enough 
growth in the bottom line. So, the growth in top line will be governed by the strategy 
which is aiming to give you a healthy growth in the bottom line. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique. Please 
go ahead. 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, I joined the call a bit late, probably I must have missed it. But if you could just touch 
upon the over and above the current export pipeline, what numbers are we looking at 
to finalize this year. Like will it be how many countries if you are talking to, can we 
make a ballpark statement like maybe $100 million tickets that will be really helpful 
sir. 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, if you have seen our figures for last two, three FYs our biggest challenge has been 
a sinusoidal revenue contribution of the export stream and that is primarily because 
about more than two, three years we did not get any orders. And more so, it was two 
years of COVID and one year after these countries were recovering, the economies 
were recovering from the COVID impact. So, now with the aggressive push that we 
have had for the last year, these have started generating results. As I mentioned the 
first order after a gap of nearly four years, we’ve got of 300 crore, we are L1 in the 
Bangladesh order which is about Rs.850 crore to Rs.900 crore and these two are the 
ones which are seem to be right away there, which will generate revenue in the coming 
FY. Besides this the opportunity are tremendous we have bid for a number of tenders 
across geographies in Southeast Asia, in Africa and aiming to penetrate the Latin 
American market also. So, moving forward, we see a healthy uptick in my export order 
book. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Just to confirm, I thought these are G2G orders where RITES become L1 because you 
have the Government of India financing. So, it should be a nomination. 
Rahul Mithal:  
No, in fact both these orders which we have got, one order which we have got in 
Mozambique and one which we have declared L1 in Bangladesh. Both are funded by 
the parent countries in the Mozambique order it was funded by the Mozambique 
government and in the Bangladesh tender it has been funded by EIB. Both were 
competitive global tenders where we were competing with a very aggressive 
competitor base and these are all through complete global tender competition. So, 
these are not on the G2G basis. Even on cases where there are line of credit extended 
on G2G, they are through a tendering process floated by the Exim Bank where all 
Indian entities are free to participate. So, they are also through a tendering process 
rather than a nomination process. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from JM Financials. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
I just started covering the company and I had two questions. Are we the preferred 
consultant for all rail and transportation projects in India and secondly, what 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
percentage of projects going forward in the transportation and rail side, do you see 
RITES being a part of well, that’s turnkey or consultancy? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, let me first answer your specific question in terms of the preferred consultant. You 
see RITES is now in its fifth decade, we will complete 50 years in April, and I can say 
with full sense of responsibility that we are the only company in India both in the PSU 
or the private space, which does consultancy across all areas of infrastructure except 
maybe oil and natural gas. So, I have 13 different verticals doing consultancy in rail 
infra, airports, ports, highways, buildings, metro system, sustainability, city planning, et 
cetera. So, across all areas of infrastructure, we have been getting orders and as I 
mentioned at the outset, this quarter, we proud to become a one order a day company, 
we got (+100) orders in 92 days. So, we continue to get orders through competitive 
mode both in the domestic as well as the International sector.  
The second part of your question was regarding turnkey and consultancy. So, we are 
very clear, we are a consultancy company, we are not a construction company. So, 
whether it is our order book, whether it is our strategy, whether it is our revenue, our 
aim is that the consultancy revenue, will always be about 50% upwards and it will 
continue to grow. Even the export of rolling stock that we do is not just export, we are 
not just a window for a trader, it is primarily consultancy design, sourcing as well as 
customizing the product for the client country. So, if you add that (+75%) of our revenue 
is aimed at consultancy.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from the Thinkside 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Yash Gupta: 
Rahul sir just a small clarification, for FY24 we are saying that the top line will be same 
as FY23 and there is like double digit growth in the net profit. Is my understanding 
correct?  
Rahul Mithal: 
No, I think you got it wrong. What I was trying to say was, that the trends of nine 
months Y-o-Y we compare both in terms of top line EBITDA and the profits, we are 
aiming to be as close as possible to the 22-23 figures because there is hardly any 
contribution, number one of the export revenue and number two there is a major hit in 
the inspection revenue. While the efforts have been there, as you see 21% Y-o-Y growth 
in project consultancy but we will not be able to reach the FY22-23 figures either in 
terms of the top line or the EBITDA or profits. The aim will be to minimize the gap as 
much as possible. In terms of next FY, these export orders will start generating revenue, 
the large numbers of consultancy orders which we have been getting including the 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
most recent quarter, these will start generating revenue. So, our aim is that the coming 
FY we will build up on the base of 22-23 and that base we will aim to have a double-
digit growth in the bottom line, the profits and the EBITDA based on the baseline of 22-
23. 
Yash Gupta: 
Okay, great. Sir one small thing on the turnkey, our turnkey this quarter is also roughly 
around 230, 240 crore for FY25 are we expecting some bigger change into this or we 
are expecting 250 crore of every quarter in turnkey? 
Rahul Mithal: 
As I mentioned a few minutes back, we are a consultancy company, and the aim will 
be to maximize first the consultancy and the export revenue. To that extent we are not 
a construction company, so we take in turnkey projects also, we take primarily on a 
very strategic and consultancy kind of model where it is a cost-plus turnkey type of 
model. So, to that extent it will have a certain growth but in terms of total pie evened 
out over a period of few quarters we would aim to have it in the range of only about 
25% net contribution in the overall revenue.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj: 
Sir, I would like to know what will be our addressable market size in terms of this rail 
orders announced by in the budget as well as on the infrastructure side like, what 
percentage would be the 5% of the total order size or 2% or how much? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, the announcement yesterday of the large CAPEX push across infrastructure, we 
are very excited about it, because we have the advantage that we can leverage this 
CAPEX across sectors. So, whether it is the three corridors which have been announced 
in the rail sector, each one of them we are already have been working and we will 
continue to leverage whether it is the mineral cement corridor whether it is the port 
connectivity corridor and whether it is decongesting the high-density routes corridor. 
We are already doing a lot of surveys and studies and consultancy for semi high-speed 
corridors for the railways. We have a very strong tunnel bridge engineering and road 
& foot over bridge section vertical which will pitch in for the various entities. We 
already got a lot of orders in the recent quarters and will continue to leverage that as 
these corridors move forward. Similarly, across sectors, whether it is the metro sector 
there has been a lot of allocation in that, growth in the airport sector so we are doing 
a lot of work in the airports. So, across sectors, I see this as a perfect opportunity for us 
to further leverage and continue this trend of being a one order-a-day company. 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Viraj: 
So, what will be the percentage like suppose one is to analyze that will be how much 
of the pie like, suppose 1 lakh crore is announced infra package, what will be the right 
addressable market size, would be 1%, 2% how much would be, just to add up with my 
understanding. 
Rahul Mithal: 
The 11 lakh crore is a total CAPEX budget spread across sectors for each sector we do 
different types of work, somewhere we make the feasibility report, somewhere we 
make the DPR, somewhere we do the project management consultancy. To give an 
overall one percentage of the total pie would not be a fair assessment, what is 
definitely there is that the allocation across each sector. In fact the green mobility we 
have now recently started a green mobility vertical, the push on EVs and green 
mobility each one of them gives us an opportunity to leverage our vertical strength 
and you will definitely see this trend of one order a day stabilizing in the coming 
quarters moving forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sriharsha an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Sriharsha: 
Like recently there was a news article saying that the government is going to invest 
1.25 lakh crore to build 200 ropeway projects in five years. So, I want to know what is 
the order prospects in this sector and what is the percentage of the order prospects in 
this ropeway project for our company? 
Rahul Mithal: 
We can say with pride that, we are the oldest and the most accomplished consultants 
in the ropeway area in India. Any major iconic ropeway that you see in the country, 
RITES has been a consultant for it, whether it is the Vaishno Devi ropeway and across 
the country there are large number of ropeway which we have been a part of. Even 
now we are working on about 9-10 different ropeways, different stages some of them 
the initial feasibility report from the project management consultancy, in fact the next 
ropeway from Katra that also we are already working on. We are working on the 
Shillong ropeway. So, this announcement few days back, gives us a lot of opportunity 
which we will build up upon. Again to give you one ballpark percentage of the total pie 
will not be a fair assessment but yes, we come into the picture at various stages right 
from the initial feasibility, then maybe post feasibility or detail project report and then 
helping the client do the tendering, finalizing the executing agency and then the post 
contract consultancy, the execution consultancy, the project management 
consultancy. So, a blended mix of all these opportunities in a nutshell, it will give us a 
lot of scope to tap in, in this push in the ropeway sector.  

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. Please 
go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thanks for the follow up, sir our nomination based in terms of order book is closer to 
74%. So, I’m just trying to reconcile whatever last orders which we have received are 
primarily on the competitive based, still the nomination is at 74%. So, can you just help 
me reconciling the same? 
Rahul Mithal: 
It’s 50-50. So, if you see this 50% is of the order book and this is primarily because a 
large number of turnkey orders which are higher value like the railway orders of the 
electrification, et cetera which were given to the PSUs a few years back, and where we 
started working and which are now reaching gradually their completion. If you break 
down the numbers and if you go down and see the fresh orders, which are coming for 
example as I mentioned in quarter three, we have got (+100) orders totaling to (+600) 
crore, the percentage of competitive versus nomination would be a wide skew from 
this, in fact it is roughly about 2/3rd, 1/3rd is the breakup in quarter three. The trend 
has been in every passing quarter moving more and more from the nomination to 
competitiveness basis, about quarter two it was around about 50 odd percent, 50% to 
60% and every quarter it is moving forward becoming more and more on competition 
basis.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Thinkside Advisory. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Gupta: 
One question on the India Middle East Europe corridor, have we started doing anything 
on it, any work on it?  
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, so this is a very interesting opportunity for us and we have been associated in 
making various plans and the possible opportunities, these are early days, but yes, we 
have been constantly associated with this and we will continue to be associated with 
this as this pans out in the coming years. So, this is our area of strength, we have our 
expertise in this both in terms of the location surveys, the alignment surveys, the 
designs, the rolling stock design, the port augmentation, the feeder route 
augmentation. So, while we are associated with this closely, we will continue to 
capitalize on this in the coming years as this catches up speed. 
Yash Gupta: 
But we don’t expect anything in FY25 maybe ‘26 or ‘27 only? 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Rahul Mithal: 
I won’t like to speculate, it may not be correct for me to speculate let’s see how at what 
pace it moves, what I can only say that, we have wherewithal and we are already 
closely associated in all aspects of it, whether it be the rail infra, whether it be port 
augmention, whether it is the logistic infra, whether it is a design or other consultancy. 
So, as it moves forward we will continue to capitalize on it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rohit Maheshwari from TATA AIG. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
First question is related to, from your export order book. What you have in hand, it 
seems that for the next two quarters your execution to export orders will be very low 
and then second half onwards it will pick up significantly, yes so my understanding is 
correct? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, very correct. As I mentioned some time back, the locomotives take a longer lead 
time to generate revenue, get manufactured and revenue realization happens when 
these are exported out from the port. So, that comes in one go, if one locomotive is 
exported the entire amount comes the day it is the bill of lading is made at the port. 
So, while you are correct that these will start generating revenue by latter part of the 
FY. The other one is where we have the coaches Bangladesh one where we are L1, we 
are hoping that it matures into a finite order soon in the coming weeks. And since 
coaches have a lesser lead time compared to locomotives, they would start maybe 
generating revenue a little earlier than the locomotives, but yes, next two to three 
quarters they would not be able to generate revenue and then they suddenly start 
generating revenue together maybe by latter part of the FY. 
Rohit Maheshwari: 
Okay. Now related to this only, then I guess like for the next two or three quarters there 
will be some pressure on the margin side correct, because export orders will be low. 
So, they will be some 100 or 200 basis point impact on the margin for next two or three 
quarters? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, for sure, because the export is a good margin stream of revenue in our blended 
four streams of revenue. If you look at it in the next one or two quarters as you correctly 
said the contribution from this stream of revenue would be low. From this aspect, there 
will be a definitely a pressure on the margins. But while I said the efforts will be, which 
we have seen in the sequentially also, to maximize the project consultancy revenue, 
which is also a good stream of revenue. So, to that extent, we have been able to 
minimize the impact Q2 to Q3 the project consultancy revenue grew and that’s why 
in spite of generally or sequentially Q1, Q2, Q3, we could even still come back with the 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
2% growth in the EBITDA margins in Q3. So, to that extent yes, there will be a pressure, 
but efforts will be to blunt that pressure to the extent possible by project consultancy 
revenue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financials. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj: 
Yes, sir this is regarding REMCL, can you explain there is a line in the REMCL report 
which says, your company has facilitated executing PPA about 5111 megawatt, out 
of which 136 megawatt is operational and remaining should start by FY23-24 and 
target to be completed by 25-26. Sir, can you please explain this, is it possible I couldn’t 
understand this, what’s the model there? 
Rahul Mithal:  
No, this is basically the RTC tender which we had floated and as these are split 
between different parties and the power purchase agreement gets signed between 
the various parties. So, they are in the process of one by one getting signed that was 
the basic the amplification in that. 
Viraj:  
So, what is the basic model of REMCL if you can just give some color on that, how do 
we make money in this? 
Rahul Mithal:  
So, basically REMCL, the main role of REMCL when it was formed was to procure the 
traction power for Indian railways and that is a very important exercise because to be 
able to procure and balance the power requirements, so that you spend the minimum 
and end up as less on spot purchase. We have a control center at our REMCL office 
which tracks the demand across the Indian railways and from where it can source and 
do the power balancing and optimize the purchase cost. So, as a consultant REMCL 
works as the consultant for procuring power for Indian railways across Indian railways, 
the various zones and it gets a consultancy fee as a percentage of the total power 
procurement. So, as the electrification grows, or as the traffic grows, and there is more 
and more demand by the Indian railways, the revenue which is a percentage of that 
as a consultancy fee grows. So, that’s the basic model of REMCL. Further to that, a few 
years back with the net zero initiative REMCL was given the dictate of being the key 
nodal agency for implementing the net zero initiative of Indian railways. So, now 
REMCL has been floating various renewable tenders on a developer mode and for 
doing that work, it also gets some consultancy fee. 
Viraj:  
The same thing when we go from 136 megawatt to 5111 megawatt, what will be our 
size of revenue and opportunity in this? 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Rahul Mithal:  
No, that we have floated the contract, we have finalized the contract and we have got 
the consultancy fee for it and this is just an information that these contracts are getting 
in place. And the power will switch from, the sourcing will switch gradually in line with 
the vision of being net zero from the conventional source of traction energy to these 
renewable sources of energy.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, if you could just help us understand what is the total addressable market in export 
for countries like Africa in Latin, South Asia, where I am coming from is essentially 
trying to understand what is your conversion ratio within that total addressable 
market? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, to give you a rough insight into what we are trying to assess, Africa itself there are 
11 countries which are in a unique gauge called cape gauge. This is unique to these 11 
countries, which is 1067 mm, which is somewhere greater, little bigger than the meter 
gauge. Now, about four years back we designed, we were the pioneers in designing 
high horsepower locomotives, push pull DMU coaches as well as state of the art AC 
and non-AC coaches for them for Mozambique on the cape gauge. Because of this, we 
have got interest from all these 11 countries. The scope, whether it is in coaches, 
locomotives or wagons or DMU push pull trains is tremendous across all these 11 
countries. However, each one of them has funding issues, some of them are trying to 
get a line of credit from India, some of them are trying to source funding from their 
own sources or African Development Bank and other multilateral funding agencies. So, 
it’s to give one figure, one ballpark figure of the size of the market, even for the 11 
countries it is very difficult to come at one figure. But the scope is enormous, and it is 
more dependent on their funding mechanism. So, while we keep trying to help them in 
forging out the funding mechanism, more and more as they get their funding 
mechanisms in place, we are the preferred choice for them. Similarly, for the 
immediate neighbors, whether it is Bangladesh or Sri Lanka, because both are in broad 
gauge we have been exporting to them. And in this tender we became L1 through a 
global tender as they get more and more funding in place, their requirement is huge. 
Sri Lanka is wanting to revive back in a big way, the requirement is huge, whether it is 
in coaches, wagons, locomotives, they are looking for the ideal funding mechanism. 
Then we can supply them these rolling stock. So, the market availability is huge, it is 
more dependent on them getting their funding mechanisms in place. 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Just to follow up on that, sir. If we have to gauge what is the funding potential of maybe 
all these countries, what barometer or what parameter should be the tracking? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Each of these countries have a different appetite for taking loans, their strength of their 
economy and their creditworthiness besides the loan which they get from any of the 
funding agencies whether it is the ADB, EIB or the Indian line of credit, so it varies from 
country to country. And that’s the constant exercise. These countries look for and take 
our support also and advice on what are the possible size of the funding which they 
can get.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just one question from my side. If you look at your Q3 results, when we look at on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, there has been an improvement. Would it be right to say that 
this is a quarter that we will have hit the bottom and we will not see on a quarter-on-
quarter basis decline, or we have hit the bottom both in terms of growth, revenue as 
well as in terms of margins, if any color would be helpful? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, Harshit. So, if you compare Y-o-Y moving forward also it may not always be a fair 
comparison, because of the goalposts being slightly different in terms of contribution 
from two very large streams and high margin streams which were the export and the 
inspection business. So, however having said that, the sequentially if you even see this 
FY Q1 onwards up till Q3, in all parameters, there has been a steady uptick in line with 
our strategy at the beginning of the FY and to my mind and our assessment, we will 
continue to push this moving forward even in Q4 so that we keep consolidating our 
position and our push so that on FY basis we come as close as possible to the FY22-23. 
And then building up on these orders and the revenue realization in the coming FY, the 
coming FY will be a fairer comparison vis-à-vis baseline of ‘22-23. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
And just one final question, follow up on this, what would be the consultancy revenue 
x of your quality assurance business? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So, the consultancy revenue has seen a Y-o-Y growth of 21% and it has seen a 
sequential growth also of 5%, the project’s consultancy revenue. While it may not be 
fair for me to break down the further because it takes down the total consultancy 
revenue as a whole but I can only add color to the fact that in spite of this hit of about 
four quarters back in the inspection business where we became one of the four entities 
to be awarded the inspection business which took a hit of about with the rates also 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
going down about 20% hit on the top and bottom line from this stream of revenue, we 
have been able to stand ground and diversify our other clients. And on steady basis on 
all three quarters, we are close to the levels of the inspection stream, which we were 
hither  to earlier before this sector opened up. So, the impact has been able to be 
nullified to an extent possible, we are down by 20%, 25% in the inspection stream of 
revenue from the earlier levels. And as per our target, which we were aiming for, we 
should be able to come back to those levels in about two quarters time. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vishal from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal: 
Sir you did touched upon the previous participant question that you will come back to 
the same level what it was two quarters back for the consultancy. So, that was on the 
margin front you mentioned or on which side you mentioned? 
Rahul Mithal: 
No, I said on the inspection portion of the consultancy business. You see the project 
consultancy business has seen steady growth and which has been our push to be able 
to blunt the impact of the export and inspection. So, project consultancy has seen a 
growth Y-o-Y of (+20%) even sequentially it has seen a growth of (+5%) even with a 
high baseline. So, the inspection stream of revenue which contributes to my total 
consultancy pie, which was the one which has taken a hit. It used to be in the range of 
about 2/3rd, 1/3rd in terms of the railways as a client and other clients about 1/3rd 
which in the last three quarters we have made attempts and got a number of orders 
across the other non-IR clients and that contribution will start coming up and we are 
aiming that in about two to three quarters maximum our inspections stream of 
revenue should aim to come back at the level it was prior to its opening up. Yes, in terms 
of the margin in the inspection stream now with all of these coming on a competitive 
basis it will definitely be difficult to maintain those levels of margin. So, the first 
immediate milestone is to come back to those levels of revenue and then further grow 
in that so that the actual contribution in EBITDA from the inspection stream comes 
back to the earlier levels. So, to give you an example, most recently we’ve got a good 
order of about Rs. (+14) crore for our inspection vertical from the GEM marketplace. 
So, we are doing the inspection, and the vendor verification services are about +14 
crore, we got an order from the GEM vertical. So, this is a very unique and a very good 
breakthrough for us and we’ll build upon on this to get many such similar orders. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So,  last two quarters we are seeing that at an EBIT level consultancy margin 
has been quite a range bound at 44% and 44.5% EBIT margin consultancy. So, can we 
say that probably like whatever the impact has to happen say for opening up at the 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
sector, competition the margins are reflecting and then probably this is kind of bottom 
on the margin for consultancy, can we say that or do you still think yet to get more 
clarity as the quarter comes? 
Rahul Mithal: 
The consultancy pie has contribution from about 13 different streams of revenue 
inspection is one of them. So, whether it is the building, highway, metro, rail infra, 
airport, port across the sector, as I mentioned some time back when I was answering 
that question about the nomination versus the competitive basis, in this quarter itself 
our fresh orders of (+100) orders which you’ve got at least (+50%), in the range of about 
50% to 60% are on the competition basis both domestic and international. So, as all 
clients whether these are the ministries or the state governments or private clients, 
they are all opening up through the competitive mode, the margins even at the range 
of about 40% to 42% are difficult to secure at those levels moving forward because 
each one of these 13 contributors to the consultancy revenue are taking a stronger 
challenge in terms of margins. So, while the margin percentage will definitely be tough 
to ensure what the aim is that you get more and more orders that you see there’s a 
healthy growth in our consultancy order book itself. So, that is absolute contributions 
in the EBITDA and profit we are able to have a steady growth. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So, then this new orders that we are getting, what margins are probably any 
range that you can provide sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Well these are different across sectors it will be again unfair and give a wrong picture 
if we give you one figure there’ll be a different margin in areas of conventional 
consultancy like highways, where there are much tougher competition then there are 
areas there are more skilled area, higher skill sets and there are lesser players or bigger 
players. So (54:00) is the metro sector or the airport sector or the tunnel engineering 
sector, bridge engineering sector. So, there the margin are slightly better. So, every 
vertical has a different range of margins depending on the competition and the players 
involved.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financials. Please go 
ahead. 
Viraj: 
Sir my question is, what is the timeline of the execution timeline for the export orders 
maybe one year or two years like what is the execution timeline if you can give some 
color on that?  

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Rahul Mithal: 
Viraj normally locomotives take a longer period of time and as I mentioned the revenue 
realization happens at one go. There are unfortunately no intermediate milestones 
where we can recognize the revenue, the revenue comes in one go when these are 
shipped out and the bill of lading is made at the port. And normally it is not that one or 
two locomotive, normally they don’t take sets of one locomotive. So, normally 
minimum of two to three locomotives or more when they get manufactured then a 
vessel is arranged, and the revenue realization happens. So, locomotives are the 
longest lead time anything ranging from, beginning from 12 to 14 months to ending 
in about 16 to 18 months the coaches are much faster to manufacture and so, once 
the Bangladesh order is in place and we actually start the manufacturing process, to 
my mind they have a faster lead time and they can start from anything from about six 
to nine months’ time approximately. 
Viraj: 
Okay. So, the coaches is like, when you deliver, it can be delivered in batches and we 
can get the payment is this the way throughout is it? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, for all export orders whether it is coaches, locomotives, wagons, et cetera. So, even 
for coaches so suppose these are 200 coaches the order, normally again they would 
be dispatched in lots of maybe 20, 30 coaches, the first set of as soon as 20, 30 coaches 
are ready to be shipped, they will be shipped and at least to that extent that particular 
day the revenue realization will happen. So, while there is a lead time, the revenue 
happens on one particular day for one set which is exported. 
Viraj: 
So, the revenue will come in one particular quarter in bulk that’s what how it works. 
That’s a correct way to think? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. There is no intermediate milestone for revenue realization, it only happens when 
one set of say 20, 30 coaches or two or three locomotives are exported. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia for closing comments. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you. We would like to thank Shri. Rahul Mithal – Chairman and Managing 
Director; Shri. A K Singh – Director (Projects); Shri Dr. Deepak Tripathi – Director 
(Technical) and Shri. K.G. Agarwal – Director (Finance) for giving us an opportunity to 
host this call. We also would like to thank all investors and analysts for joining for this 
call. Any closing remarks Rahul, sir? 

 
RITES Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. I just wanted to reiterate our strong commitment in the direction we are moving. 
We are proud to have touched some milestones in this quarter, we were declared the 
Navratna status. We have got two very important awards from the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India for good governance, we have got a scope award for 
good governance and institutional excellence. We were proud to be having made the 
Ayodhya Dham station which was inaugurated most recently by the honorable Prime 
Minister and the milestone of  becoming a one order a day company in this quarter. 
So, with all those in spite of the various challenges which we have discussed, we are 
very confident that the movement is aggressively in the right direction, and we will 
continue to build up on the space and consolidate our opposition. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript 
describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward-looking statements" within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes 
in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
