 
 
 
                                                                                                                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 524558 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: NEULANDLAB; Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on February 9, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023, conducted on February 9, 2024. 
Also please note that this transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website. 
 
The weblink to access it: 
https://www.neulandlabs.com/investors/investor-updates/announcements/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neuland Laboratories Limited 
 
 
Sarada Bhamidipati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
SARADA 
BHAMIDIPATI
Digitally signed by 
SARADA BHAMIDIPATI 
Date: 2024.02.13 
14:18:29 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Neuland Laboratories Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUCHETH DAVULURI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NEULAND 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. SAHARSH DAVULURI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – NEULAND LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – NEULAND LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. SAJEEV EMMANUEL MEDIKONDA – HEAD - 
CORPORATE PLANNING AND STRATEGY – NEULAND 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI UDESHI -- ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day. Welcome to the Neuland Laboratories Limited Q3FY24 and 
9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from Ernst & Young. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good evening, friends. We welcome you to the Q3FY24 and 9MFY24 
Earnings Conference Call of Neuland Laboratories Limited. To take us through the results and 
to answer your questions, we have with us the top management from Neuland Laboratories, 
represented by Mr. Sucheth Davuluri, Vice Chairman and CEO; Mr. Saharsh Davuluri, Vice 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Abhijit Majumdar, CFO; and Mr. Sajeev Emmanuel 
Medikonda, Head, Corporate Planning and Strategy. 
 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the financials by Mr. Abhijit Majumdar and then 
Saharsh will review broad highlights of the business trends and what he is observing in the 
market. And post that, we will open up this call for the Q&A. As usual, the standard safe harbour 
clause applies as we start the call. 
 
With that said, I now hand over the floor to Abhijit. Over to you, Abhijit. 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Thank you very much, Ravi, and a very good evening, and warm welcome to you all for joining 
our Q3FY24 and 9MFY24 earnings call. I’ll briefly talk about the financials now approximately. 
The total income for the quarter was INR394.9 crores as against INR271.2 crores in Q3FY23, 
an increase of 46%. This was largely driven by growth from existing molecules, newly 
commercialized molecules, molecules close to commercialization and a healthy base of business 
mix. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR122.7 crores with a margin of 31.1%, an increase of 
10.8% over Q3FY23. The EBITDA margin has seen improvement primarily due to enhanced 
operating leverage and as well as increase in revenue from Unit 3. 
I'd like to state that the overall operating environment continues to be unpredictable, although 
as we have witnessed stability in terms of input prices, and we continue to be vigilant in 
controlling our operational costs, driving operating leverage. This gives us the ability to grow 
with marginal cost addition. 
We remain unwavering in our commitment to operational efficiency and cost optimization 
initiatives for consistent development of our organization. As we have consistently shared in our 
previous earnings call, please measure our performance over a 3to4 year horizon, as our revenues 
and EBITDA margins will fluctuate on a quarter-on-quarter or even a year-on-year basis based 
on business mix, which is dependent on order inflow and project execution. 
 
Now coming to specifics. Our gross margin was 59.8% in Q3FY24 versus 55.2% in Q3FY23 
and 59.8% in Q2FY24. This gross margin includes manufacturing and other costs directly 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
attributed to the product. The profit after tax was INR80.7 crores as compared to INR30.4 crores 
in Q3FY23. This quarter's EPS stands at INR62.9 per share. We have been strategically 
optimizing operations and resource allocation to boost internal cash flows thereby enhancing 
our business resilience in the face of the potential fluctuations. 
 
We generated a free cash flow for the 9MFY24 of INR129 crores and we use part of this cash 
surplus to reduce debt by INR38.8 crores. Consequently, our debt position stands at negative 
INR44.6 crores. We also reduced our working capital cycle to 118 days at the end of December 
'24 as compared to 137 days. 
We saw slight lowering of cash acceleration during the quarter under review. This was due to 
receivables arising from Christmas and year-end holidays in the developed markets. As we have 
already seen it normalizing in the month of January. 
 
We continue to invest in upgrading our facilities and have invested INR68.2 crores in CAPEX 
during this year. I would like to add that we continue to be mindful of balancing growth with 
profitability by having continuous focus on cost control and efficient operations and to be able 
to capitalize on opportunities, which we believe will bring us greater scale over the long term. 
We will continue to be on the lookout for opportunities that will generate healthy and visible 
cash flows. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Saharsh for his remarks once again, and thank 
you. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Thank you, Abhijit. Good evening, everyone. We have now completed 9MFY24. The growth in 
performance that we have witnessed over the last few quarters reflects the transition of 
Neuland’s business model from predominantly prime APIs to a healthy combination of CMS, 
GDS specialty as well as GDS prime. This transition has also been driven by commercialization 
of molecules over the past 2 years, and also ongoing improvements in R&D project management, 
operations and business development initiatives. 
 
In particular, in the past 9 months, we have seen an increasing scale of the CMS business as well 
as contribution from specialty products. On the CMS side, the growth of the business stems from 
both existing commercial products and projects under development with significant revenue 
attributed to molecules near commercialization. We continue to see traction in the CMS 
business, led by increasing interest from customers with large pipelines. 
 
These interests further fortify Neuland's reputation as a well-regarded CDMO. We believe that 
the analytics we are sharing over a significant period of time, provide you the comprehensive 
understanding of the business' performance and trajectory. Therefore, in the interest of customer 
confidentiality, we will be unable to comment on any further questions on specific molecules. 
 
On the GDS side, we have seen growth both in specialty as well as prime segment in both 
Q3FY24 as well as on the 9-month period. Paliperidone, ezetimibe, apixaban and dorzolamide 
have driven the 9-month growth. The prime segment growth is driven by mirtazapine and 
escitalopram. On a side note, I'm also happy to share that Neuland has achieved an S&P ESG 
rating of 64. 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Besides the highlights of this quarter, Sucheth and I thought it may be helpful to share a broader 
management perspective on the business and how we see this business scaling up going forward. 
As you can surmise from the performance of the last few quarters, the business has delivered on 
both growth and profitability. 
The growth in revenues supported by product launches on the GDS as well as CMS side and a 
healthy mix of products consistent with the long-term strategy of the company, include operating 
leverage, particularly around large assets like Unit 3 that drove EBITDA margins.  
Again, for those of you who have followed our journey for some time, you may recall that we 
operated Unit 3 on very low utilization for a 4-year period before it could start delivering growth. 
 
Maybe now I'll request Sucheth to add a few more comments before we put it up to Q&A. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Thanks, Saharsh. Hi, everyone. If you were to go back 5 years and look into the future, we 
believe that the business has transpired largely as expected. We definitely could have done things 
better. But we believe that the overall hypothesis of the Neuland business model remains firm 
and validated. 
 
Now as we look into our future from where we stand today, we have much better visibility of 
our business. We expect it to grow at around approximately 20% annually over the next 4 to 5 
years. As the quality and size of our business grows, we're getting a better visibility for our 
future. 
We will continue to commercialize molecules over the next 1to 3 year time frame. We continue 
to create capacity, keep ramping up with specific molecules in mind. As it stands today, FY25 
looks like it will be a year of modest growth with some normalization of margins and operating 
expenses rise due to inflation and ongoing investments. 
 
Beyond FY25, which is FY26, FY27 and so on. We see a quicker growth on the back of both 
existing molecules and new ones yet to be commercialized from the capacity that we'll be 
creating in FY '25. Do keep in mind that this is the current management outlook into the next 3 
years. Factors such as individual product performance, forex, raw material costs, geopolitical 
changes, changes in regulation will impact this outlook as could other factors that are integral 
part of us doing business. 
 
The bottom line is that we will continue to pursue growth and profitability in alignment with our 
strategic priorities and we believe that the future is exciting. However, it will also bring its own 
set of challenges that I feel we are much better as an organization to deal with. 
 
Ravi, back to you to open the floor. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Bhardwaj, an individual investor. 
Rahul Bhardwaj: 
Congratulations on the numbers. Thanks for sharing the guidance. As I understand correctly, 
you mentioned for the next fiscal year, we would expect nominal growth, and then for the FY26, 
we can kind of expect a healthy growth rate with new molecules in commercialization. and then 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
you also mentioned like for the next 4 to 5 years, we can expect the business to grow 20% 
annually. So are you suggesting more on the lines that the growth would be north of 30%, 40% 
in the FY26 versus the current fiscal year and the next fiscal year. So would that be a correct 
understanding, and interpretation to quantify? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Thanks for the question. I think your audio was not very clear, but we understood the question 
clearly. Rahul, I think the way we had given our outlook, which is not really a guidance because 
it's not quantified. There's more to convey two things. One is, as a company as we have been 
doing well, we are getting better visibility into our future. That's one thing. 
 
Second, based on the visibility, we also thought it's important to just kind of articulate 
qualitatively how we see the future. And therefore, we had said that FY25 will be kind of a 
moderate growth and the growth beyond that will be higher. But I think we would probably limit 
our outlook to what we have said and not be in a position to quantify it based on the question 
that you've asked. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Yes. And I would reiterate that what we've provided is not a guidance, but the way we see the 
business as it stands today, of course, as we gain a clearer understanding and as things develop, 
we will come and we'll be sharing those during these calls in the future as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Narayan Singh from Navanand Securities. 
Narayan Singh: 
So congratulations on a good set of results, sir. I just have one question. So there are some news 
flow around about this KarXT and Karuna Therapeutics takeover by Bristol Myers and so on. 
The question is this molecule considered as near commercialization molecule or it's already 
under commercialization molecule, sir? Just for my understanding, to understand. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, Narayan, thanks for the question. I think as we had indicated several times, we will not be 
able to comment on any specific CMS molecules. I think whatever information we have been in 
a position to disclose is already there in the public domain. And therefore, I think a lot of this 
information that you're asking is available, but we will not be able to comment on it. 
 
Maybe what I can also just kind of help you understand is generally, and this is not the first time 
that our customers, which are typically biotech companies, have been acquired by larger 
companies, big pharma or other large companies. 
And typically, for us, as a CDMO, it's always a positive development because it actually opens 
up new opportunities to expand the business with a newer company. But what I'm saying is a 
general comment, it is not connected with the question that you asked. But hopefully, it will be 
helpful for you, but I will not be able to comment on the specifics. Thank you. 
Narayan Singh: 
Thanks for the clarity here. I understand that you don't want to disclose any more information. 
But if you answer my one more follow-up question about what happens if the biotech companies 
are taken by big pharma, and we are hoping that the company will really benefit from this kind 
of acquisitions. Thank you, sir. And all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor, an individual investor. 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thanks for repeating the business unpredictability, uncertainty and lumpiness warning again and 
again over past several earnings calls, and that's extremely ethical and appreciated. Thank you 
for that. And please allow me to ask both questions one by one. 
 
Innovators given their novel assets to a CDMO, is comparable to parents sending their young 
kids to a faraway boarding school, where the parents will never be able to keep close day-to-day 
vigilance. So reputation, trust, integrity and the capability to develop that young assets, are some 
of the very important factors in their decision making. 
 
So in this context, the protection of intellectual property from external fraud like cyber crime as 
well as any sabotage attempts internal to the organization are extremely important. So what steps 
is Neuland taking to ensure a complete IP protection, so that we continue to remain "the boarding 
school" for the novel assets. And I've got a second question. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
So Sajal, I think, thanks to the comparison, I mean, I wouldn't go to the extent of saying that it's 
a parent sending their kid to the boarding school. But I think I take this spirit of your comparison 
that it is a very important decision for a company to outsource it's molecule. What we've seen, 
Sajal, based on our interactions with customers as well, is there, to a large extent, they are very 
objective about these decisions. 
 
And their objective, because they take into consideration, what are the options? What is the cost? 
What could be the risk associated with the outsourcing option? What are the time lines of that 
project? What is the technology that they require? Usually these are the top 4 or 5 reasons why 
they would outsource a molecule, assuming that they don't have that in-house capability or they 
don't tend to invest any more in their own in-house capability. 
 
Having said that, I think it becomes a very clear decision for them. And that is the view that 
we've taken when it comes to building our own internal capabilities. Having said that, the point 
you raised about intellectual property is absolutely right. In fact, we saw this coming, I think, 
more than 10, 15 years ago. 
 
So in fact, we are one of the first companies in India who also get certified by ISO 27000 for 
information management and protection. And that certification, we get reaudited and we get 
recertified once every couple of years. So that certification gives one level of confidence to our 
customers that their information is safe with us. 
 
Second is that, currently, since we don't do any molecules of our own or neither do we manage 
any or manufacture any finished dosage, and therefore, we are not at any type of a conflict with 
our customers. That gives them an additional layer of comfort that they can be rest assured that 
our priorities as an organization are aligned with that of the customers. So, that continues to 
build. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
And maybe, Sajal, I'll add one more comment to what Sucheth has said, I think the fact that these 
molecules that we make for these innovators are increasingly complex in nature, so you might 
always almost look at the analogy of biologics. Biologics is made in a particular facility. And as 
per regulatory guidelines, if it's made in another facility, it is actually defined as a different 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
molecule altogether because as the molecules become more complex, I think what Sucheth has 
said about protecting the IP, ensuring our business model does not conflict is very likely. 
 
But third and also equally important is that there is so much complexity in the entire process and 
the specifications and the end deliverable to the customer, that it is very difficult to actually 
"steal" something like this. And therefore, clients do generally feel very comfortable working 
with Neuland because we have all these 3 factors. If it was a very simple molecule, then yes, 
perhaps there might be some risk, but because we also deal with extremely complex molecules 
that also creates an additional layer of security for us. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
And today, there's enough legal protection that's available in our country and otherwise, for 
clients to make sure that their technology is protected. So I think we've come a long way, Sajal, 
from where we were about 10 or 15 years ago. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
That's a very comprehensive response and shareholders are reassured. My second question is 
novel CDMO, of course, is a sticky business. And we know that. But the true test of stickiness 
is when the molecule changes hand. And with that, the relationship between the innovator and 
the CDMO partner also changes hands. 
So I know Saharsh touched upon this a little earlier on this call, but to explore further because 
both scenarios have played out, I have seen a small biotech being taken over by big pharma, and 
the CDMO, who was working on that molecule, lost the right to commercially manufacture that. 
 
So take a hypothetical scenario of a big pharma gobbling up a small biotech that own some high 
potential molecules and there is a CDMO partner behind the development and the scale-up of 
those assets, what typically happens to that CDMO partner when the ownership moves from 
small biotech to big pharma, who may be having a network of other and potentially larger 
CDMOs that the big pharma is already working with. 
 
And this happened with one of the Indian CDMO companies, not Neuland, a different one, where 
a small biotech company that they were working with for an ovarian cancer drug was acquired 
by a big pharma and then the Indian CDMO lost the contract to commercially manufactured. 
Which one is a more typical scenario when a small biotech is acquired by a big pharma? Do they 
retain the original CDMO? Or is it difficult to tell? Or is it a function of molecule complexity as 
and Saharsh just mentioned? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think it's a very good question, Sajal. And I think one thing is that, there is no black or while 
response to this. I think it is subjective. But I think maybe in our experience, what we've seen is 
as you get closer to the NDA. And if you have validated the process at your side and your site 
is registered in the NDA, that perhaps could be construed as really a binding kind of a 
relationship. And post an NDA, if a big pharma comes in and decides to change the CDMO then 
perhaps there is maybe some strategic impetus behind it. 
 
But if the molecule is still earlier in the clinic, it's going through Phase I or Phase II, then the 
risk of the incumbent CDMO losing out to the preferred partner of the big pharma is slightly 
more because the sites have not been registered in the file yet and the process is perhaps still 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
evolving. And therefore, I think what we've seen is 2 or 3 key factors. One is where in the clinical 
part of development, this drug is. That is one factor. 
Second is how complex is this process? If the process is complex enough that it will be a risk to 
shift the molecule to a preferred CDMO, then perhaps the big pharma would not still take that 
risk, because ultimately, what big pharma is thinking about is, is my supply chain going to be 
protected? 
And ultimately, that is what determines, and we have to be very cautious, and we have to treat 
the transition of ownership with a lot of sensitivity. And of course, then the third part is, I think 
contracts and things like that can also help make sure that you don't get kicked out unreasonably. 
But I think those are slightly more business tactics. So we won't dwell into those in detail. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Stock Broking. 
Nirali Shah: 
My question is that currently, we are experiencing a significant decline in the biotech funding. 
It's been a while that it was from 2023. So my question is that what challenges are we facing? 
And what is our strategy to mitigate this risk? And also, what is the timeline that we can expect 
or anticipate that the situation like destabilizing in then sooner or in this year or coming to current 
year '25? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
So, I think the biotech funding crunch is still prevalent. I think that's what we hear. I think for 
us, maybe the simplistic way to look at it as a CDMO is that right now, we are fortunate because 
the molecules which are driving the growth especially in the CMS side, are all coming from 
companies which don't require funding. These are cash-rich companies. 
 
But where perhaps we're seeing some challenges in the early-stage pipeline, drugs which are 
kind of either in preclinical or maybe in the early clinic. There are some challenges. I think even 
from the top of my head, I can recall 2 or 3 projects which have not moved forward in the last 6 
months because the companies are still unable to raise funds. 
 
And what we hear from these companies is that it's a matter of 6 months. But obviously, we are 
not the experts to answer that question. But I think the important thing is that for a limited period, 
if this biotech funding crunch continues. I don't think there will be any challenges on our business 
performance or the outlook that Sucheth and I had provided. Obviously, this biotech crunch 
stays for a long time, then since Neuland works predominantly with biotech companies, there 
could be an impact. But for now, we don't see a direct impact. 
 
And the last thing I can also say maybe is, depending on the indication of funding is also a 
challenge. So for example, if you are in neuroscience and you're coming up with a path breaking 
Alzheimer drug, the biotech cycle doesn't really impact the company's ability to raise funds. But 
if they're developing an ophthalmic indication for something which where there's already 
multiple drugs approved then that company might struggle for maybe a few more months to 
raise funds. So I think that's how we see the biotech funding situation. 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay. So, if everything goes well, can we see these issues to start diminishing by Q2FY25?  

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
The biotech funding is not really factoring into the outlook we have portrayed because new 
projects as a percentage of the total business that we see in CMS is not very high. So therefore, 
it may not really have a significant impact. So therefore, we won't be able to answer that 
question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjaya from Ampersand Group. 
Sanjaya: 
My question is that what is the kind of utilization this plant 3 now has and I believe that you 
have taken a plant for subsequent factory expansion. Can you just give us some idea about your 
further expansion plans? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
So current utilization of Unit 3 is in the range of 57-odd percent as we speak today. 
Sanjaya: 
Okay. Okay. But you still have gone ahead and bought more land for extension, right sir? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Yes. So the land that have been acquired, which we have communicated to the stock market is 
in a  land adjacent to Unit 1, this is for future expansion. 
Sanjaya: 
So, the last question that I just wanted to get a sense from you people are trying to ask some 
multiple annual like biotech funding and so many and you also give your total active CMS 
projects and that year-on-year basis, the total number to be kind of looking like stagnating and 
your overall revenue probably is kind of settled out at certain levels for last year quarter. So is 
that something kind of a state jump kind of a pattern that we follow, that there is a seasonality. 
How do we really look at your coming year growth prospects? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think this question has been asked -- answered clearly in the opening remarks. So I'm not sure 
what else we can add over here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atirek Roy, an individual investor. 
Atirek Roy: 
Congrats on the good numbers. So my first question is, if I as a pharma company, wants to 
change or add a supplier for my commercialized drug API under patent, what is the typical steps 
to be followed and how much time that each step takes typically. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
So, you're saying if you're a pharma company who wants to change your supplier for a drug 
which is under patent? 
Atirek Roy: 
Commercialized drug API under patent. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Yes. API, which is under patent. Typically, if you want to do that, I think it's possible, the key 
is, the complexity of the process, not just for the API, but for the finished dosage. And also the 
regulatory strategy, depending on how many countries that drug has been filed in. And 
depending on the situation, it could probably take a minimum maybe 2 years and maybe it can 
take even 5 years. So it really depends. 
Atirek Roy: 
Okay. And what if the drug API, is in registration phase or is in clinical trial phase? 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Usually, if it's in clinical trials or the application has been made, companies prefer not to add 
any source of change in resource until the commercial approval comes. However, if they have 
not filed for approval yet. It could add significant amount of time for the filing because then 
from the new source, they have to take it. That will show that the finished dosage made from the 
new source is equivalent to the finished dosage that is already part of the clinical trial. 
If it is a molecule which is already generic, right, if it is not in the patent. Then you could actually 
file an alternate source and get an approval within 1 to 2 years. However, if it is a molecule 
which is still in the clinic being tested on humans, then companies can easily add an additional 
source at that point, provided that it doesn't delay their filing timeline. 
But once they file, until they get the commercial approval, companies will not add an additional 
source unless there is a significant problem. Once it gets approved, then companies will add an 
additional source. But like I was saying earlier, that to take easily between 1 to 2 years based on 
the complexity of that molecule and in some cases, even go up to 5 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Advisors Private Limited. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Just one question. You have given an indication of how your revenues, evolving over a 3-to-4-
year time horizon. But given our focus is early on more profitable growth, then shouldn't we 
really be looking more at what how profits can grow over the next 3 to 4 years?  
And is my understanding right that the profit growth can actually be faster than the custom 
synthesis business where we have a very strong pipeline and growing faster can grow as a share 
of revenue and this is higher margin. And we could also see some operating leverage on our Unit 
3, which is at 57% right now. So how do you guys think about if you are able to grow at 20% 
revenue? How does one think about profit growth in purchase scenario? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Thanks for the question, Anirudh. I think it's very important. I think if you look at how FY24 is 
faring, I think we've been kind of at 30% EBITDA margins right now and the PBT levels are 
also quite strong. And the revenue growth also has been impressive. I think going forward, what's 
important is that the margins that we are seeing in FY24, in many ways are very optimal. 
The plant Unit 3 is being utilized very well. The product mix is excellent, and there has been no 
significant challenges in raw material prices, forex is kind of reasonably favourable. So there are 
not too many villain so to speak, in FY24. And the EBITDA margins we see are the 30% plus 
is kind of a reflection of that. 
 
I think going forward, we already spoke about the growth and how we see that panning out. We 
also want you to be mindful of the business mix that we are pursuing. I think our strategy is very 
clear. We want to drive business through GDS Specialty and CMS, and I think that business mix 
will ensure that our margins are going to remain healthy. 
But how exactly the profit margin as a percentage of sales is going to transpire is a question that 
is very difficult for us to answer. I think maybe somewhere FY24 is not really a baseline or a 
standard reference point because, as I had said, it's a very, very favourable number, just given 
the circumstances. 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
But at the same time, the EBITDA margins we've seen in the years before are perhaps a reflection 
of the business that was not yet mature. So I think it's hard for us to spell out more than this. I 
think you'll have to see how things unfold. 
 
But one more thing I would just like to add, maybe a little bit on a cautionary note. See, I think 
the business mix, CMS and GDS, I think we should also be mindful that each product has a 
different profit margin there might be a CMS product, which has a gross margin of maybe even 
less than 50% but it might be very healthy contributor at an EBITDA level. 
It might contribute 30% or 25% EBITDA to the business. So what our future will be at a gross 
margin level or at an EBITDA or a profit margin level? Will it be also depending on how these 
molecules fare, and today, I think our GDS Specialty business and CMS business are almost 
having similar kind of margins. 
 
So I think our strategy will be to pursue growth through these businesses, continue to nurture 
the prime business. And the growth is what we've already indicated. And I think the margins 
will be a reflection of that, but we won't be able to guide how that will exactly transpire. I know 
it's kind of a roundabout answer, but I hope that's helpful. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
No, very helpful. But I just wanted to clarify your point on the margins in specialty and CMS 
being similar. I presume at an EBITDA level you meant. And but what would explain why it's a 
similar margin because it seems a bit counter intuitive. And I thought that the CMS is a more 
profitable segment for us because it's a patented product and the customer wants more supply in 
security, trust in IP, and they're willing to give it better pricing is also more amenable in that 
segment? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes. No. I think the world of CMS molecule, if you take the entire universe, maybe the margins 
there are higher, but I think the molecules we see in our pipeline, we see molecules where the 
gross margin is maybe like I said, under 50% also for some CMS molecules, but they're equally 
attractive because, as I said, at the EBITDA level, they are still very profitable. It's extremely 
sticky business. It's governed by contracts. There's an innovator with a patent life. So these 
businesses are still very attractive. And therefore, we are also not very discriminatory. And 
ultimately, the blend of all these products is what will make our overall business margin. 
 
on the GDS specialty side, if you see molecules like salmeterol, paliperidone, even some other 
new molecules like apixaban and all. As it stands now, I think their margins are actually fairly 
attractive. And these are perhaps not a typical representation of a GDS molecule out there in the 
GDS universe. So therefore, you might see that Neuland's GDS portfolio on the specialty side is 
tends to have better margins. And the CMS portfolio is actually a reflection of the handful of 
molecules that we have. And as this pipeline grows, the margin profile of the business might 
change as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pawan Kumar Roy, an individual investor. 
Pawan Kumar Roy: 
Congratulations to the management for putting in excellent results. I have got two questions, 
which are related with each other. First is a question related to your exports, you have reflected 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
that 76% revenue coming from internal operations. But the map shows that only 1% revenue 
comes from India. So there is a mismatch, which I have not been able to connect. 
 
Secondly, most of your operations or products are being exported. What is the situation you're 
facing in the Red Sea or the Suez Canal area? Is it effecting our existing clients? That is my 
question. 
S E Medikonda: 
In terms of the exports being at 76%, it corresponds to the direct exports to customers who are 
into sites abroad. Whereas the world as you see the 1% for India, it is in terms of the end market. 
So our customers could be in India, but the consumption would there end market would be 
elsewhere. So that's why you would find that there is a difference. So exports are 76% in terms 
of direct exports, but our customers mostly sell in the regulated markets. So that is where there 
is a difference. And at this point of time, we haven't seen any impact from the events around the 
Red Sea. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval from Infinite. 
Dhaval: 
Congratulations on a fantastic set. My question is about the peptides business. How far are we 
away from generating substantial revenue to our business mix from the peptides division? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes. Thanks for the question. I think for the peptides business, we have 2 molecules in CMS, 
which are perhaps one step away from commercialization. But in both these cases, we are a 
second supplier. So we really don't have a handle on the time lines. It could take maybe 2 years 
or maybe even longer, depending on how the client decides to move forward because they 
already have a primary source. 
 
On the GDS side, we have about 3 molecules that we are working on right now, for which the 
milestone would be for us to file a DMF. We expect to file one this calendar year and maybe 2 
in FY26. 
 
In terms of potential, the GDS molecules also have very high potential. In fact, they have higher 
potential than the CMS molecules. But in our forecast or in our plans, we have not really 
quantified any of these into our projections because until we see some short-term commercial 
visibility, we don't feel comfortable. 
So I think short answer is that, yes, we do have several projects in peptides division, ones which 
are maybe closer to commercialization, but we don't still have a handy on time lines or quantity 
of commercializing. 
Dhaval: 
So whatever business we generate from peptides in future will be an upside to the projections 
you've given? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, we've not given any projections. 
Dhaval: 
That an idea that you've given, a picture. 
Davuluri Rao: 
Yes. The outlook we have given does not factor in heavy inflow from peptides. 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Eldon, an individual investor. 
Eldon: 
Firstly, congratulations on completing 40 fantastic years. So, my first question was actually 
regarding this joint development initiative we have with one of the developers. So I just wanted 
to understand what is the status? And when can we expect the revenue to accrue to us. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Your question is about the real estate piece, right? 
Eldon: 
Correct. Yes. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes. So I think the building is completed. The developer has completed the construction of 
building. And in fact, we have requested them to provide an exit for us. And in fact, we hope 
that it will happen this calendar year depending on how the markets transpire. But if that goes 
through, maybe it should be around INR100 crores kind of inflow. 
But till we don't have a clear timeline on it yet. I think this with everything going on this year in 
the country and the real estate markets and all, till we get to a closer point of sales and inflows, 
we don't want to be too confident about the timelines, but we expect it will happen this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayesh, an individual investor. 
Jayesh: 
Congratulations for excellent set of numbers. A few questions. First is, does the management 
think that our business and volume mix has scaled up to a level where you can assure that our 
EBITDA margins will remain north of 20% at least in the foreseeable future or otherwise? 
 
And I have another question that is, our asset turn right now is approximately 3.1, that is given 
in the slide. Do we see further increase in the same over the period of, let's say, 2 to 3 years? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Could you repeat the first question? 
Jayesh: 
Yes. Do you think -- does the management think that our business and the volume mix has scaled 
up to a level where we can assure that our EBITDA margin will not fluctuate a lot and remain 
above 20% in the foreseeable future or otherwise? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
See, I think assurance is a very strong word, so I wouldn't go anywhere near that. I think I would 
probably just kind of circle back to the commentary that Sucheth and I made. I think we have a 
good visibility of our future and we indicated what that visibility is like. But I think our business 
is governed by a lot of risks and uncertainties. 
So it would not be wise for us to provide any assurances. I think if you see the margins and the 
way the margins are scaling up and if you see the size of the business and how it is scaling up, I 
think we would leave it to you to make reasonable conclusions about the business. 
 
I think I would also just remind that in our previous commentary also you said that we're not 
seeing this growth coming on the back of onetime businesses. These are all part of our ongoing 
business. So ultimately, we'll leave it to your wisdom to deduce the stability of the future and 
the likely margins. 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Abhijit Majumdar:  
On the second question on asset turn, we are at around 3, 3.1. We believe that we have kind of 
optimized it, and we would be in that range. In some years, we would come down. And in some 
years, we would go up. And so that's our view that kind of our optimum capital turn that brought 
the industry plus minus. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal, an individual investor. 
Jayesh: 
Just wanted to know about the capex plans to grow the business further over the next couple of 
years, what kind of capex can we expect and expected asset turns on that, if any? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Broadly and it would likely be consistent with what we have said earlier normal CapEx would 
be around in the range of INR100 crores. As we have on the stock exchange in November this 
year, we planned we have started building the next block, which we have given a figure of around 
INR128 crores. 
Moving forward, based on business opportunities, like the one that happened recently where we 
were able to acquire piece of land, which was joining our Unit 1, 5 acres we kind of went ahead 
and are in the process of acquiring it. So I would say that broadly take the normal capex of 100 
and as we have built up cash, we should spend in the broad range of INR100 crores, INR120 
crores in the next couple of years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul from 40Cents. 
Mehul: 
Please pardon me, I'm new to your company. So I have some very basic questions like, what 
does the DMF stand for? What does CMS stand for? What does GDS stand for? And also, if you 
can elaborate a bit on the context behind GDS and CMS. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes. So you wanted to know what the GDS stands for, CMS stands for, and what else? I am 
sorry. 
Mehul: 
DMF. DMF being filed. DMF has been filed. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Okay. So if you are saying DMF, it stands for Drug Master File, GDS, generic drug substances, 
which is nothing but APIs we make for the generic space. And CMS is nothing but as the CDMO, 
the molecules that we are made for innovative companies. 
Mehul: 
Okay. So the CMS business is all about the CDMO area, right? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes. CDMO business in Neuland is called as CMS, and generics business is what we call a GDS. 
Mehul: 
Generics business is GDS. Okay. And how is the revenue split, sir, between the two? 
S E Medikonda: 
Our investor presentation covers all the information. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Perhaps if you could just maybe go over the presentation, I think even if we've given a little bit 
of an overview of the segments, and then maybe you can circle back to our IR team and then 
maybe we can elaborate a little bit more. 

 
 
Neuland Laboratories Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. I would now hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
S E Medikonda: 
Okay. We would like to thank you all for taking time to attend the call and asking questions 
about the business and your interest in the company. In case you have any further questions, we 
would like you to reach out to Ravi. We will be happy to answer them. Once again, thanks for 
joining the call, and a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Neuland Laboratories, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
