 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Mumbai- 400 001 
(SYMBOL: THYROCARE) 
 
 
 
(SCRIP CODE 539871) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of post results earnings conference call held on February 01, 2024 with 
Analysts / Investors   
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings conference call with 
Analysts and Investors held on February 01, 2024 for financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended on December 31, 2023. 
 
We wish to add that the same has also been made available on the website of the Company 
https://investor.thyrocare.com/financials/quarterly-financial-results/ 
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Thyrocare Technologies Limited,      
   
 
Ramjee Dorai 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Dorai Ramjee
Digitally signed by Dorai 
Ramjee 
Date: 2024.02.05 16:58:13 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call” 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GUHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THYROCARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK KUMAR JAGNANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED  
 
MR. PRATIK HIRE – STRATEGY TEAM – LEAD 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Thyrocare Technologies Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Hire, from Thyrocare Technologies Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Hire: 
Thanks, Rio. A very good evening to all and thank you for joining us today for Thyrocare's 
earnings conference call for the third quarter of the year FY'24. 
 
Today, we have with us Mr. Rahul Guha, MD and CEO of Thyrocare; and Mr. Alok Jagnani of 
Thyrocare, along with other key members of the senior management on this call to share 
highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. I hope you have gone through our results 
release and the quarterly earnings presentation, which has now been uploaded on the stock 
exchange website. 
 
The transcript of this call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please 
note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to 
the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul Guha to make the opening remarks. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thanks, Pratik. Welcome -- good evening and welcome to everyone on the call. Thank you for 
taking out the time from your busy schedules to join us this evening. Just a quick introduction 
to us on the call. My name is Rahul Guha and I'm the MD and CEO of Thyrocare and thank you 
for the opportunity to present the Q3's results for FY'24. I I'm joined with my colleague, Alok 
Kumar Jagnani, who is our CFO; and Pratik, who handles our Strategy and Investor Relations. 
 
As I did in the last call, I will start with a quote from Mr. Nelson Mandela in recognition of foray 
into Africa. "It is in your hands to make a better world for all live who in it." And we believe 
Thyrocare can bring our business model to Africa to make affordable and good quality 
diagnostics available to all. I'll give you some of the key highlights of what we've been up to this 
quarter. 
 
Before we get into the details of this quarter, I'll reiterate the pay-for-performance pricing 
structure that we implemented at the beginning of this financial year. Earlier, our pricing 
structure was one-size-fits-all but now we have moved to a slab-based pricing model, which we 
implemented in May 2023. This has led to an increased energy with our franchisee network with 
motivation to move up volumes and enter higher slabs. 
 
It will result in a movement towards larger franchisees and enable much greater reach from our 
large partners. As always, we continue to selectively expand our offerings. Aarogyam has been 
our flagship brand in the preventive healthcare segment. And now we have 2 more brands, 
JAANCH and Her Check. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
JAANCH is targeted towards lifestyle challenges or for you to better understand your health. 
We have solutions across the spectrum from anything you might be worried about, whether it is 
fever or something more serious, hair fall, cancer screening as well as deep investigations for 
common chronic diseases like diabetes, heart health, amongst others. JAANCH already doing 
INR1 crore of monthly business. We've also revamped our gynac portfolio and relaunched it 
under the brand name of Her Check and it focuses on women's health. 
 
I'm very pleased to announce that we have partnered with TestEasy to introduce genomics testing 
in our test menu. These tests will be targeted towards hospitals and marks our entrance into the 
genomic space. We are taking a very focused approach here and it is largely genomics in the 
diagnosis space and not consumer genomics. Specifically, some of the tests are launched to use 
genomics in diseases such as tuberculosis, fungal infections, bacterial infections and others. 
 
Partnerships business, excluding API and B2G did phenomenally well in the quarter as we 
onboarded new clients in health tech segments and continue to grow our existing accounts. To 
bolster this success, I'm happy to share that we have acquired Think Health to strengthen our 
offering for the insurance segment with the additional capability of ECG at home. This will 
allow us to give our insurance partners a one-stop solution for blood and ECG testing and will 
further deepen our presence in the premedical checkup, pre-policy medical checkup and the 
annual health checkup market. 
 
We will soon be the company that can offer health checks with ECG at home and I'm sure that 
will enhance our Aarogyam brand. On the B2G side, we continue to execute TB projects in the 
state of Gujarat, Assam and Maharashtra. On the international side, our lab setup in Tanzania is 
going on full swing and we are on track to start the operations before the end of this financial 
year. 
 
As I've been telling you in the last quarters, we have revamped our equipment platform. Our 
equipment was quite old with an average age of 12 years. We've added 24 new machines from 
our vendors, bringing our average age down to 6 years. These new additions have dramatically 
improved our reporting accuracy and turnaround time. As we get into the results, I wanted to 
share with you a few highlights and pointers before we deep dive into the same. 
 
Our franchisee business showed a revenue growth of 11%. Growth rate in franchisee business 
has slowed down, largely because of churn in the small franchisees. This churn was expected 
after we implemented volume-based pricing. Our big franchisees have grown at 25%, while the 
small franchisees have degrown. In terms of mix, contributions from big franchisees has 
increased from 80% last year to 90% this year. 
 
Majority of the small franchisees have churned and the base is stabilized now. Going forward, 
the franchisee business should return back with high teens growth rate. Our partnerships 
business, excluding API and B2G showed a strong revenue growth of 33% year-on-year. On 
overall level, our partnerships business has remained flat year-on-year on account of decline in 
API and closure of the MCGM contract. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Overall, the pathology business has grown by 8% year-on-year, excluding materials. Radiology 
business, including Pulse Hitech, did a revenue growth of 9% year-on-year. However, at a 
consolidated level, we did a 5% year-on-year growth, largely because of the headwinds in API, 
the government business and some of the smaller material sales business. With that, I will hand 
over to Alok to cover the results. 
Alok Jagnani: 
Thank you, Rahul. A warm welcome to each of you. I will briefly update you about the key 
highlights of Q3 FY'24 financial performance. Before we get into the detail, I will reiterate about 
the ESOP program that we have been mentioning in the last few quarters. This program has been 
introduced at group level to keep talent at Thyrocare. These ESOPs of parent's company will 
vest over a period of 6 years and we are recognizing the same as per the NDA as a book entry 
share-based payment reflected in P&L as expense and balance sheet as a equity contribution 
from parents. 
 
The value of ESOPs granted is INR45.53 crores over a period of 6 years. But one thing we must 
note that this is a cashless charge and there is no cash outflow. As per Ind AS option are valued 
at grant date as for the Black-Scholes formula, which is charged to P&L over the vesting period 
proportionately. 
 
Typically, its result in a hit in a year of grant, then proportionally charge over a period of vesting 
period. The breakup is included in the presentation. As these charges are noncash transaction -- 
noncash operating expenses and do not affect the cash outflow of the company, we have 
normalized EBITDA, which takes into account along with the provision of bad and doubtful 
debts. As Rahul mentioned, revenue of the quarter stood at INR123 crores standalone and 
INR135 crores at consolidated level, a year-on-year improvement of 5%, aided by better 
partnership, revenue growth in -- excluding B2G and API revenue, by 30% and franchisee by 
11%. 
 
Our pathology revenue, excluding material, has grown by 8% year-on-year. Our gross margin 
has improved by 3.3 percentage points, which is stable in quarter-on-quarter, mainly driven by 
price increase, volume growth and better negotiations. Our employee expenses has increased 
year-on-year on account of annual increment and decreased quarter-on-quarter due to the 
actuarial valuations. The same has been clarified in the previous quarter presentations that 
actuarial valuation is a timing difference. Our standalone normal EBITDA margin stayed flat 
28% year-on-year, while quarter-on-quarter dipped by 2% on account of dip in revenue due 
festivity and seasonality, whereas overhead remained similar. 
 
EBITDA margin at radiology stood at 8% versus 19% year-on-year, mainly on account of aged 
machines coming out of the CMC period and change of revenue mix mainly moving to 
FDG/PSMA. Quarter-on-quarter EBITDA has improved due to the price revision in few centers. 
Our consolidated financial normalized EBITDA margin is at 26%, lower by 1% as compared to 
the same quarter previous year. 
 
With this, I will hand over the call to Rahul for strategic update. Thank you. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Alok. Just to reiterate our overall growth, if you exclude API and B2G, as a company 
is about 15%. With that, I'll just take a few minutes to recap to you our strategic direction, then 
I'll open it up for Q&A. First, I will reiterate our value proposition to the customer. We will 
continue to remain an affordable option to all patients with good quality and on-time reports. All 
our efforts on our value proposition is towards ensuring low cost to the patient; assurance on 
quality of testing through our certifications and engagement with doctors. 
 
We have made substantial progress on this, which I updated in my initial comments, is reflected 
in our presentation and this continues to remain at our core and will guide all that we do. Second, 
our strategy. We hope to become the B2B partner of choice to all front-end diagnostic services 
companies in India, whether it is a small diagnostic center in a semi-urban area, a pharmacy in 
a metro, a small nursing home, an individual doctor, or a leading online diagnostic platform or 
health tech marketplace. 
 
We are happy to provide low cost, robust testing solutions to ensure that they can serve their 
patients in the most effective manner. If they require phlebotomy, we are happy to mobilize our 
phlebotomy network of almost 900 company and 400 network phlebotomists to serve them 
better. With the addition of Think Health, we will be able to serve our B2B partners with the 
solutions for ECG at home as well. With the addition of TestEasy, we will be able to now help 
them add genomic sequencing or genome sequencing for their customers too. 
 
Further to reiterate, as I've shared in the last few quarters, we have 3 key pillars of growth. The 
first is our franchise business. The focus is to take our franchise business deeper into India with 
a focused test menu and provide our clients with a frictionless experience to transact with us and 
provide their customers the best testing experience they can. We continue to focus on private as 
well as public partnerships. 
 
In the public space TB and infectious disease, where we are, by far, one of the strongest players 
in these segments. We have won tenders in Gujarat and Asam and have been working with 
Maharashtra. Additionally, we will continue to expand our partnerships across health care 
companies, hospitals and other health services companies to enable them to provide diagnostic 
testing to their customers. 
 
The third area is new for us. We believe we have a strong and robust B2B model with a core of 
execution. We are ready to take this model forward with our first entry in Tanzania. The 
opportunity is tremendous for us to be able to launch affordable tests. That in brief is our mandate 
as management. Thank you so much for giving us a patient hearing. As always, I will end once 
again with a quote from the Mahatma, "find purpose, the means will follow" and our purpose 
remains to provide affordable, high-quality testing to everyone. 
 
With that, I'll open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mr. Rahul Agarwal from InCred 
Equity. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Firstly, congratulations Rahul for the additional role at API. Just to start with the questions. I 
think first on the Think Health acquisition, I wanted to know, the buying of this asset, I think 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
that the benefit will come through insurance clients but I couldn't really figure out what do we 
get in return? So essentially, does this -- thoughts, like is there was an entry barrier, which is 
getting solved by this acquisition? And what is this asset all about? Would you just help me to 
understand that please. 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. So see, in insurance, one of the big gaps that Thyrocare had is, when you have a pre-policy 
medical checkup ECG is actually an integral component of that, right? Since we were largely 
pathology only, we could not service those orders fully. So it was -- many of the aggregators 
would work directly with the insurance companies where they were able to give both of these 
solutions to an insurance company through a single window. 
 
Of course, there are not significant barriers to entry. We could have built this ourselves. But we 
felt that the Think Health team brought to the table 2 things. One is the full understanding of 
how the insurance segment works and they have built the appropriate technology and operations 
to be able to service that demand, right, which if we had done on our own would have taken us 
upwards of 1 year. 
 
The second is they have 100 phlebotomists on the ground who have been trained in 
administrating ECG at home, right? And they are equipped with ECG, mobile ECG equipment 
and that was a ready base that we were immediately able to integrate into -- or we will be 
immediately able to integrate into our phlebotomy network and be able to service ECG at home 
orders for all our insurance clients. So the real rationale behind the acquisition was it's a new 
capability, which would have taken us a long time to develop on our own and we were able to 
get it quite quickly into our system. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. Got it. Clearly understand what's happening. Secondly, on the sample volumes, I 
understand there was churn in franchisees and seasonally, this is a big quarter. Any other reason 
for sample volumes to decline Y-o-Y? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, it's largely the churn. As I said, we have categories going from Bronze all the way to 
Diamond. So Bronze being where we have the highest rate in the market and Diamond where 
we offer franchisees a significant discount because of the volumes. So as I highlighted in the 
initial comments, our mix of large clients, which I would call Diamond to Silver was about 80-
20. So 80% Diamond to Silver and then 20% Bronze. That has actually now moved to 90% 
Diamond and Silver and less than 10% or roughly about 10% Bronze. 
 
This we were expecting would happen as we moved into that price tierization. What happens is, 
over time, these clients, actually the Bronze kind of category will get attached to some of our 
Diamond franchisees and will come back but we were expecting this to happen. We had timed 
it in a way that it happens in this quarter because this quarter is the quarter where anyway you 
see a significant dip because of the season and all of that. So we have timed it in a way that this 
would come roughly 6 months after we launched the pricing strategy and that's kind of how it 
has played out. 
 
It's reached the bottom. So the churn in Bronze also over the last 3 months has more or less been 
stable. There's not that much more churn that is happening over there. So as we get into the peak 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
season, which is the entire fourth quarter or Feb, March more specifically, actually, we enter the 
peak season with a much stronger franchisee network. Each of them transact much more with 
Thyrocare and, therefore, have the ability to invest and expand their business as we enter into 
the festive season. So I think most of this will get sorted out over the next 2 quarters. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
But in my understanding, if the Silver and Diamond go up and Bronze goes down, it basically 
means that the volumes go up and realizations go down. Isn't that correct? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. But while the churn is happening, the net volumes remain the same. Once the churn stops, 
which is what I said over the last couple of months, 3 months exact -- to be precise. We've kind 
of reached the bottom of where the churn would be. So now we will see the growth going 
forward. If you're referring to our overall pathology workload, right, so the franchisee workload 
has been more or less stable. It's not gone down at all. Our partnerships workload has kind of 
been in line with revenue. So if we grew about 33% our partnership revenue, our workload has 
grown, I think, about 25% roughly. 
 
The big dip in overall workload has come because of API and B2G, where we've lost about 4.5 
lakhs of workload on a year-on-year basis. So MCGM was a very large workload account. From 
a margin and EBITDA point of view, it was very narrow. So actually, there's very little impact 
on the EBITDA of that workload going. And API, of course, over the last year has degrown. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. And last question from my side on radiology. Obviously, there's a declining trend in 
margins because of cost increases. Just wanted to understand, are we headed to a cash loss here 
or this declining trend will stop next quarter? 
Rahul Guha: 
No. Actually, last quarter also was quite bad but we've been able to arrest the decline, right? So 
last quarter, I think we landed at about INR70 lakhs EBITDA. This quarter, we land at about 
INR80 lakhs. The bulk of the cost increases have actually got -- come into the base. So if you 
see the biggest hit that has happened in NHL is our other expenses has gone up by roughly about 
INR60 lakhs, INR70 lakhs. 
 
That is because the machines are very old and the CMC or maintenance costs have gone up. But 
now that's in the base, right? So I don't see this business going into a cash loss. There is also a 
significant amount of depreciation there, right? So it's about INR1.5 crores of depreciation that 
sits there. So I think from a cash position, we are reasonably comfortable. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khemka from InCred PMS. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Rahul, so since the management changed at Thyrocare, we have rationalized 3 streams of 
revenue. That's the API business, B2G, I understand it's not intentional rationalization but it's 
happening nevertheless and now the low ticket or the smaller franchisees. Going forward, is 
there any other part of the business which we see will get negatively impacted due to the 
initiatives that we are taking? Or do you think in terms of the rationalization of the less 
productive streams of revenue, we're done. 
Rahul Guha: 
I think largely -- you have pointed the right thing. I think API has bottomed out. Government 
we had exited. And I think this entire Bronze category cleanup that we were planning is done. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Broadly, I think -- actually, if you look over the last 2 quarters, the growth has been quite robust 
of all of these base businesses. This was -- this franchisee pricing cleanup was the last one that 
we had to do. But I think broadly that's it. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Got it. And you said that the larger franchisees were earlier 80% of the revenues, now they are 
90%. So the balance 10% Bronze franchisees, I think, will have, is there a chance that they will 
also eventually drop out over the next 2, 3 quarters? Or have you got an indication from them 
that they are okay with the pricing and they would actually scale up the business to move 
upwards on a redrawn strategy? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. So as I said in the call, we've been studying this quite closely. If you look at it over the last, 
I would say, 4 to 5 months, that number has been stable. So if they had to -- so they churned in 
the initial part. So during July, August, September is where we saw the maximum amount of 
churn, right, just after we launched the scheme. Over the last 4 months, it's been stable. Whereas 
if you look at the large franchisees, the large franchisees have actually grown by almost 25%. 
 
So that base has actually done quite well. This cleanup was expected, we were saying because 
our cost to serve over there is quite high. So if we were charging the same price for a large 
franchisee versus a small franchisee, it was actually margin dilutive to some of those clients at 
the old rate that we were serving them. So we had to do this cleanup. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Understood. On the margin profile side, Rahul, so 28%, if I'm reading it correctly of ESOP 
charges and some one-offs that we have reported this quarter. Where do you see the margins, 
adjusted over the ESOP charges, where do you see the margin projected once the Bronze sites 
move out because the previous participant asked a question that if Bronze guys move out, 
basically margins could probably get compromised because these guys will pay lesser as you 
take more from them. So how do you see the margin projected over the next 1 or 2 years for the 
consol business? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, I have been always guiding to between 29% and 30% on the EBITDA side. I mean this 
quarter is -- any way normally this quarter is muted from a margin point of view. But I think 
we'll cover it up in the fourth quarter. So I think on a 9 months basis, they're still on track. And 
I think for the full year, we'll be on track to be in that range of 29% to 30%. 
Aditya Khemka: 
This is from the fourth quarter, you're saying or from the net fiscal year? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, no. From the fourth quarter itself. The fourth quarter tends to be very good from a revenue 
point. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Yes, that's right. It's the best quarter seasonally. Okay. Last question and a more strategic top-
down question. Now that API PharmEasy doesn't have much business with us as it is and they've 
been unable to raise capital to sort of deleverage themselves, what do you see is the benefit of 
being part of the API Group? Why would they still hold on to Thyrocare as a subsidiary? And 
how does this benefit Thyrocare to be a subsidiary of API? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. See, for us, right now, these are related parties but all transactions are done on arm's length 
basis. For us, PharmEasy still accounts for about INR12 crores, INR13 crores of revenue every 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
quarter. So they are our largest client or customer by far. So from that point of view, they're very 
important to Thyrocare. 
 
Even from the API Group side, the diagnostics business is one of the most -- actually the most 
profitable business on API as well. And so, therefore, there will be intent to scale that business 
and see how much we can grow it because if you look at it between medicines, OTC products 
and diagnostics, diagnostics, even at an EBITDA level at API Group is the most profitable. So 
there is definitely intent from that point or API's point of view also to scale the business. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Right. And is this being a part of the API Group a hindrance for you guys to approach other med 
tech platforms to get B2B business from them or are they fairly open to you guys despite you 
being a [inaudible 0:28:06] competitor? 
Rahul Guha: 
We haven't faced that challenge at all, Aditya. We work with almost every health tech company 
in the country. It has never really affected Thyrocare. We do -- even on PharmEasy, we sell a 
Thyrocare. So if you see -- go on the PharmEasy app, you'll see it's powered by Thyrocare. And 
if you go on any of the other apps, I don't want to name names but if you go on many of the 
other apps, almost every other app, you will find Thyrocare there as well. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Right. Sorry, I have one more. On the African entity, so how much have we already invested? 
And you said it will get operational from the fourth quarter. So are you already sort of incurring 
expenses on the African business on your P&L? Or are you capitalizing those businesses as for 
the operating expenses? 
Rahul Guha: 
So overall, we have a commitment. As I had said, we would basically invest about INR10 crores 
overall in Africa. So far, we have funded the African entity with roughly about $375,000. So 
that's the level of investment we've put. The partner also will put, match us at every stage of the 
investment. The work is underway. The lab will get operationalized this month. So we will be 
starting operations in this quarter. All the equipment has been bought. The lab has been set up. 
I mean the final touches are going on at this point in time. But I think we are on track to launch 
this month. And so the business will be operational, I would say, in this quarter. 
Aditya Khemka: 
So you are not currently incurring various -- as in -- when I say currently, I mean in the December 
quarter. So in the December you did not have any operating expenses from the African entity... 
Alok Jagnani: 
So there is no operating expenses as the pre-operation expenses are incurring and all is going to 
capitalized once we are going to start the operation, which is going to happen at the end of 
quarter, what Rahul has said. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubh from RatnaTraya Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Shubh: 
So I wanted to get some more clarity on the API front. How do you see it going further as a 
percentage of revenue? And second, what is the difference in pricing given to API and to other 
B2B vendors or partners? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. See, in growth, I -- as the funding comes in and the investment plans get drawn up, right, 
I would expect API to grow between -- in the teens, I would say, not the super normal growth 
that we saw earlier. So I would be happy if that business grew at about 15%, maybe between 
15% and 20% is where I would be happy if that business grew. On the second question, the 
pricing is declared as part of our related party transactions. 
 
I mentioned earlier, they're the largest customer that we have by far. So we have a standardized 
rate across all our B2B partners and we have a slab-wise discount from there, depending on the 
size of the customer. At this point in time, PharmEasy enjoys a 15% discount from the B2B rate 
or basically our market rate, which is in line with the slab-based discounts that we have basically 
put in place. 
Shubh: 
Understood. Understood. And second, earlier, you had taken some efforts and experiments with 
changing the realizations. How do you see it going forward, like sales and realizations versus 
change in volumes? What is your view on that? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, we normally, I think, pretty consistently do volume growth of roughly about 10%. I expect 
that to continue and maybe a 3% to 4% from price. So that's kind of where I see us land. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of [Meg Shah], who is an individual investor. 
Meg Shah: 
And first of all, congratulation to Rahul ji for the appointment as President, operation of API, in 
addition to the MD of Thyrocare. But sir, my question is that will you be able to serve both the 
company efficiently? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, the -- as it has been declared, I continue to remain the Managing Director and CEO of 
Thyrocare. I am spending time at API to coordinate the synergies across the group. So individual 
business leaders in API run their individual businesses. I'm there to ensure synergies are captured 
across the group. So -- and for that, I'm spending time as needed but my primary focus remains 
Thyrocare and ensuring that Thyrocare continues to grow and deliver the margins expected. 
Meg Shah: 
Yes. Because the many investors are wishing that you remain the MD and you look after the 
Thyrocare business more than the API business. It's our wish. That's it, my concern. And sir, the 
second question is how much capex the company Thyrocare has incurred, particularly during 
the quarter 3 and the first 9 months of the year on at pathlab and radiology? And when the benefit 
of this capex will be seen in the profitability? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure, sure. I'll let Alok take that question. But Meg, first, thank you for the vote of confidence 
and be rest assured that my primary responsibility continues to ensure that Thyrocare is on track. 
With that, Alok, you can take the capex. 
Alok Jagnani: 
So on the total capex, what we spend over the period of 9 months is around INR46 crores, of 
which INR6 crores pertains to previous year, which cash outflow has happened in the current 
financial year. As mentioned in the brief presentations also, we have spent -- we have replaced 
our 24 machines on which we have spent around INR16 crores. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
Around INR24 crores we have spent on lab infra and interior upgradations because all the labs 
are old and require lots of upgradations and internal works, so that has happened. Around INR6 
crores we have spent on the equity and IT leased line upgradations, IT capex and all. So in total, 
we have spent around INR46 crores in the last 9 months, that include INR9 crores we spent on 
Pulse radiology business also. 
 
And on the benefit side, the second question is the -- how is going to benefit us? The capex 
spend has happened mainly because, mainly on account of -- as the machine was -- is between 
9 to 12 years and require a replacement. So on the quality front, we have spent all this capex, so 
that we will be more focused on quality, so that reports are more accurate and correct. So that's 
resulted in converting revenue and price from consumer sites -- franchisee sites. On radiology 
business, we have spent INR9 crores and that we have through Pulse investment and which is 
coming in radiology investments. We are expecting over a period that's going to convert into a 
more beneficial -- more EBITDA for investors. 
Rahul Guha: 
And Mr. Shah... 
Meg Shah: 
My question is that whenever there was some CapEx that OpEx is reduced, their capacity is 
increased, quality is increased. And ultimately, because of this, the profitability increase. When 
the -- in real term -- in the financial terms, the profitability will increase. 
Rahul Guha: 
So sir, there are 2 parts to this. One is, what we invested in capex last year. If you see our gross 
margin also, most of that is, comes from efficiency in our cost of operations. So if you look at 
the P&L also, our gross margin last year was about 68%. This year, it is 71%. Of course, some 
of that has come from price hikes but also from the efficiency from the equipment. So one part 
of that is, we are already seeing the efficiency in the gross margin, right? 
 
The second part, which is, wherein when we have invested in quality, over time that results in 
more and more confidence on our reports and more and more customers coming and repeating 
with us. That I think will come over the next couple of years, the confidence from the equipment 
and the -- but the benefits have already come in the gross margins. 
Meg Shah: 
Okay. Sir, in this quarter, there is a revenue growth. And I think it is mainly due to the value 
growth, not the volume growth. The volume has reported some degrowth. So when the company 
will be on a sustainable volume growth path? 
Rahul Guha: 
As I said, the volume decline has largely been because of the exit. We exited from the 
government business. And we -- our parent PharmEasy's business has degrown. The rest of the 
business is growing quite well. But if you remove these 2 effects, API and B2G, rest of the 
business has grown at 15% year-on-year. And as these reach the bottom or have reached the 
bottom, I expect the business also to get back on a strong growth trajectory. 
Meg Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Suppose we don't get any business from the government or the very less business 
from the API, then this -- can we consider this is a base and now on what the company will 
report the volume growth? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, yes, very much. In fact, if you look over the last 2 quarters, we were tracking quite well on 
the volume and revenue growth. This quarter, as I said, we had put some pricing strategy in 
place, which we were expecting the smaller companies to -- smaller technology partners to act 
upon because we had [inaudible 0:39:46] prices there, which was expected. But as Aditya had 
also asked, right, I think for all the business we have tried to exit, I think we have now reached 
the bottom. So going forward, I think we should be back on a good growth track. 
Meg Shah: 
Sir, earlier, we were making the good profit from the radiology business [inaudible 0:40:10] 
radiology business has reported the, I think the operating loss or net loss. So when this business 
will achieve breakeven or what is the reason for making them loss? 
Rahul Guha: 
The radiology business, as I said, sir, last quarter was in a loss. This year, it has come back into 
profit. And the reason it had gone into a loss was largely because of the equipment being very 
old and having a lot of breakdowns in the business. We have been working very hard to 
[inaudible 0:40:47] of that and bring the business back on track. As I said, from a cash flow 
basis, the radiology business is quite fine. What hurts us is effectively the equipment life and the 
breakdowns and there's still a substantial depreciation charge that hits us. 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question. The next question is from [Aditya] from Securities Investment 
Management Company. Please go ahead.  
Aditya: 
Sir, we break up our revenue into 3 parts that is franchisee, partnerships and B2C. Sir, if you can 
just help us understand the difference between all these 3 categories in terms of scope of work 
of Thyrocare for the customers, pricing or any different parameter? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. It's also explained in the presentation towards the end but I'll just give you a brief summary. 
Our franchisee business are offline partners. So think of it as Thyrocare branded pathology lab 
or pathology collection centers or even independent pathology centers who outsource their 
testing to Thyrocare. So that is largely our franchisee business. So it's an entirely offline 
business. where we partner with roughly now, I think, about 7,500 of these offline partners. 
 
Our partnership business is working with many of the large insurance players, large pharma 
companies, large health tech players, of which one is PharmEasy, where we not only support 
them with the testing but we also support them with the blood collection, right? So we have a 
fleet, as I mentioned, 900 company phlebotomists and 400 franchisees phlebotomists who go to 
the house and service the orders. 
 
So like for PharmEasy, PharmEasy places an order on Thyrocare, Thyrocare technician will go 
to house, collect the blood sample, bring it to a Thyrocare lab and then Thyrocare will release 
the result to PharmEasy. So we have similar arrangements with almost all the health tech players. 
And we also work with many large corporates, insurance, as well as pharma companies to help 
do the same. So that's the scope of partnerships business. The B2C business is the business that 
we get from thyrocare.com, the website, ThyroApp, which is our app. 
Aditya: 
Got it. And sir, these individual franchisees, are they only give the volumes to Thyrocare or they 
can give the volumes to other players as well? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Rahul Guha: 
So as I said, the Thyrocare-branded franchisees work exclusively with Thyrocare. But the non-
branded franchisees work with multiple partners. 
Aditya: 
And currently, what will be the proportion of PoCs? 
Rahul Guha: 
So from a count point, roughly about 800 Thyrocare branded. The remaining are Thyrocare 
unbranded. From a business point of view, I think it will be -- about 30% from a business point 
of view will be Thyrocare banded and 70% will be Thyrocare unbranded. 
Aditya: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, in terms of geographic expansion, we had set up lot of labs when you took 
over the company. So have we [inaudible 0:44:33] capex expansion will completed or do you -
- you still feel that we have to open more labs and deepen our geographical presence? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, I think by and large, the capex expansion in India is completed. We may do a few selective 
expansions where we feel there is a good opportunity. And our presence is low. But by and large, 
we are quite happy we have about, I think, 50 labs across the country. If you drop a pin anywhere 
in India, there will be a Thyrocare within 200 kilometers. So by and large, we are quite happy 
with the expansion. I don't think we'll be expanding too many at this point in time. But we will 
look at Africa, as I mentioned. 
Aditya: 
Got it. Sir, just one last question. We had a partnership revenue of total INR35 crores and INR23 
crores was excluding API and B2G. So this balance INR12 crores is purely from PharmEasy? 
Or we have some government revenue as well? 
Rahul Guha: 
Government business will be about INR1.5 crores. The vast majority will be PharmEasy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal: from Incred Equities. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Just 1 question on the international business. How much time will it take for this business to 
reach your internal revenue expectations at Tanzania? 
Rahul Guha: 
So I would say 2025, FY 2025. Our expectation from Tanzania is quite small. I would anticipate 
in the INR2 crores to INR3 crores range. That's it. But then as we scale up in the next year and 
the year after is when we expect it to be substantial. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. And related question was, so let's say, annually you reach INR2 crores, INR3 crores. 
When do we start investing for other locations? Does it start in fiscal '25 at all? Or do you want 
to stabilize Tanzania first, experience that and get -- and then maybe FY '26, you start investing 
for other locations? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, yes. Africa, we will not do the lab in 2025. We will only look after we have stabilized and 
we have fully understood the market. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Get it. So the next year's capital expenditure plan, would you have a number to that, fiscal 
'25 apart from... 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll ask Alok to take it up. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Alok Jagnani: 
So approx, in this quarter, we are going to spend around INR[6] crores approximately, out of 
which maybe INR1.5 crores is going to be on account of machines replacement and INR3.5 
crores is going to be for miscellaneous. That's the projections we have. 
Rahul Guha: 
He is asking for next year. 
Alok Jagnani: 
Next year, we'll come back on the guidance. 
Rahul Guha: 
It's not going to be substantial, Rahul but we'll come back with a specific number. I would 
anticipate it to be around the INR30 crores range. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Get it. And fourth quarter, Alok said was INR5 crores, right? 
Alok Jagnani: 
Yes, approximately INR5 crores we are projecting, we're going to spend. INR5 crores. 
Moderator: 
We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul 
Guha for closing comments. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us and spending time with us and for all the questions. I hope 
I've been able to answer them to your satisfaction. As always, we continue to remain focused on 
our strategy, which is to be the most affordable, good quality, diagnostic test partner for everyone 
in the health care business and we continue to execute on that strategy. We have been investing 
in improving our quality, improving our reach and ensuring our turnaround time is as close to 
best-in-class and we made substantial progress on all of this. 
 
I thank you for all your support on this journey and with that, I'll hand over to Pratik to close the 
call. 
Pratik Hire: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Thyrocare Technologies, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you all for joining this evening. Over to you, Rio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With that, we conclude the conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
