 
 
 
February 10, 2024  
 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: VBL 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 540180 
 
 
Sub:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on February 5, 2024 i.e. post declaration 
of Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended December 
31, 2023 is enclosed.  
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.varunbeverages.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Varun Beverages Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Batra 
 
Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAVI 
BATRA
Digitally signed by 
RAVI BATRA 
Date: 2024.02.10 
22:24:37 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
Varun Beverages Limited 
Q4 & CY2023 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Varun Beverages Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Varun 
Beverages’ Q4 and CY2023 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Ravi 
Jaipuria, Chairman of the company, Mr. Varun Jaipuria, Executive Vice Chairman 
and Whole-time Director and Mr. Raj Gandhi, Group CFO and Whole-time Director 
of the company. We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management 
following which we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I would now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our Earnings Conference 
Call. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go through our results presentation that 
provides details of our operational and financial Performance for the fourth Quarter 
and year ended 31st December 2023. 
Despite the abnormally high unseasonal rains in the peak season, we are pleased 
to conclude CY2023 on a strong note. We witnessed a healthy double-digit volume 
growth in both Indian and international markets. Our consolidated sales volume 
increased by 13.9% and the net realization per case increased by 7% in CY2023. 
Both these together contributed to our remarkable revenue growth of 21.8% and an 
impressive PAT growth of 35.6%.  
In line with our strategic objectives, we have successfully commissioned multiple 
greenfield and brownfield facilities across key geographies during the year. This 
expansion not only strengthened our manufacturing capabilities but also extended 
our market reach. Our distribution network and chilling infrastructure have also seen 
substantial growth, further solidifying our presence in the market.  

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Marking a key milestone in our growth journey, we are delighted to announce the 
acquisition of the Beverage Company (BevCo) subject to regulatory and other 
approvals. BevCo holds franchise rights for PepsiCo beverage products in South 
Africa, Lesotho and Eswatini, along with distribution rights in Namibia and Botswana. 
This acquisition which aligns perfectly with our strategic goals offers an excellent 
opportunity to significantly enhance our presence in the African market - a region 
known for high demand for soft drinks and favorable demographics. The integration 
of BevCo into VBL’s operations is expected to yield substantial synergy benefits in 
the future.  
As part of our long-term vision and in line with PepsiCo's global PEP+ objectives we 
remain committed to sustainability and environmental stewardship. We are making 
investments that emphasize using green energy as well as reuse of PET which will 
be instrumental in mitigating environmental impact. These endeavors are aligned 
with our pledge to the environment and reflect our ambition to nurture a greener 
future.  
We are also pleased to share that in line with our dividend policy, the board of 
directors have approved a payment of final dividend of Rs. 1.25 per equity share of 
the face value of Rs. 5, subject to the approval of equity shareholders in ensuing 
annual general meeting of the company. With this, total dividend declared for the 
year December 31st, 2023, stands at Rs. 2.50 per equity share of face value of Rs. 
5 each.  
As we move forward, our strategy is geared towards sustaining our healthy growth 
momentum. We will continue to focus on strengthening our market position, both in 
India and internationally and place emphasis on product categories that are aligned 
with evolving consumer preferences. Our journey through 2023 has set a solid 
foundation for continued success and we remain confident in our ability to deliver 
sustainable growth and value for our stakeholders in the years to come. 
I would now invite Mr. Gandhi to provide the highlights of the operation and financial 
performance. Thank you.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. Let me provide 
an overview of the financial performance for the fourth quarter and the year ended 
31st December 2023. 
Revenue from operations adjusted for excise/GST increased by 21.8% to the level 
of Rs. 1,60,426 million in CY2023. Consolidated sales volume grew by 13.9% to the 
level of 912.9 million cases in CY2023 from the earlier level of 801.8 million cases in 
CY2022, led by double-digit growth in both Indian and international markets, with an 
increase of 12.9% and 18% respectively. 
During the year CY2023, the consolidated net realization per case increased by 7% 
to Rs. 175.7 per case. This is driven by the improvement in the mix of smaller SKUs 
and the mix of CSD in the Indian markets and high realization per case in the 
international markets. In CY2023, CSD constituted 72%, Juice contributed 6% and 
Packaged Drinking Water constituted 22% of the total sales volume.  
Our gross margins during the year improved by 137 bps, taking it to the level of 
53.8% from the earlier level of 52.5%, primarily due to the softening of PET chip 
prices although sugar prices increased slightly during the year. As a result of 
improved realization per case and enhanced gross margins, EBITDA increased by 
29.5% to the level of Rs. 36,094.9 million, with EBITDA margins improving by 133 
bps to the level of 22.5% in CY2023. In other words, the company had been able to 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
achieve flow through of the 137 bps improvement in gross margins into the EBITDA 
margin improvement.  
Depreciation increased by 10.3% in CY2023 on account of capitalization of assets 
and setting up of new production facilities. Finance cost increased by 44% which 
was primarily led by the increase in the average cost of borrowing by about 30% to 
the level of 7.95% p.a. from the earlier ~6% in the last year. This is in-line with the 
increasing rate of interest in India. PAT increased by 35.6% to the level of Rs. 21,018 
million in CY2023 from the level of Rs 15,501 million in CY2022 on account of growth 
in revenue from operations and improved profit margins.  
On the balance sheet front, our net CAPEX stood at approximately Rs. 21,000 million 
at the end of CY2023 reflecting our commitment to growth and expansion. Out of the 
total CAPEX around Rs. 8,500 million was spent on setting up of 2 new greenfield 
production facilities in Bundi, Rajasthan and Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, ~ Rs. 8,000 
million on brownfield expansion at 6 of our existing facilities in India and the balance 
was for brownfield expansion in the international markets, assets written-off and 
forex fluctuation all taken together. Furthermore, as part of our growth strategy we 
have invested approximately Rs.1,500 million towards land acquisition including 
Buxar in Bihar, Kangra in Himachal Pradesh in anticipation of construction of plants 
in the future years. Once commissioned, the combined capex for CY2023 and 
CY2024 season will increase the peak month capacity in India by ~45% over the 
base year of CY2022.   
Our net debt stood at the level of Rs. 47,345 million as on 31st December, 2023 as 
against Rs. 34,096 million as on 31st December 2022. We would like to highlight that 
major reason for the increase in net debt is due to increase in CWIP and capital 
advances incrementally by Rs. 12,000 million which is the composition of closing 
CWIP of Rs. 24,000 million minus the opening CWIP of Rs. 12,000 million. This is 
due to Supa plant in Maharashtra which was near about implemented by the year 
end and came in production with effect from 25th January, 2024. Further, we expect 
to additionally incur approximately Rs. 12,000 million towards capex for the season 
of CY2024, that is the balance CAPEX for the next year. Our debt-to-equity ratio 
remained healthy at a level of 0.67x and the debt to EBITDA ratio was at 1.31x as 
on 31st December, 2023.  
To summarize our journey of last 5 years, while our net revenues have grown at a 
CAGR of 22.5%, our PAT has grown with a CAGR of 45.2% which is led by improved 
EBITDA margins, higher asset utilization to depreciation as a % of revenue reducing 
from 6.9% to 4.2% in the corresponding period of 5 years and the tax rates coming 
down from 32.2% to 23.3% average, primarily because of improved profitability of 
international operations and the lower corporate income tax in India. All these factors 
have led to PAT margins improving from 6.6% to 13.1% over the last 5 years.  
As we close CY2023 we are immensely proud of our progress we have made at VBL. 
Our robust operational and financial performance and significant expansion in 
manufacturing capabilities have all contributed to a remarkable year. Our growth-
focused CAPEX for the year highlights our commitment in creating a long-term 
sustainable value. Looking-forward, our strategic investments combined with our 
proven execution capabilities and demonstrated operational excellence should 
enable us to sustain our growth outlook in the forthcoming years. 
On that note, I come to an end of the opening remarks and would like to now ask the 
moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions that you may have. 
Thank you.  

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
A few questions. First, is on the CWIP and CAPEX for 2024. So, Mr. Gandhi I would 
imagine Rs. 1,900 crore, bulk of this will be for the capacity that you commissioned 
in Maharashtra, right? The CWIP what is lying as on 31st December?  
Raj Gandhi: 
Absolutely. About Rs. 900 crore out of the incremental Rs. 1,200 crore CWIP and 
capital advances was for the Supa, Maharashtra manufacturing facility, which got 
implemented on 25th January 2024.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
What will be for rest of the year? You said Rs. 1,200 crore cash outflow on CAPEX 
is that correct?  
Raj Gandhi: 
The plan for the year CY2024 is Rs. 3,600 crore CAPEX, out of which approx. Rs. 
3,000 crore in India and approx. Rs. 600 crore internationally. Out of this, Rs. 2,400 
crore as CWIP, as we are carrying on 31st December 2023. The Rs. 1,200 crore 
balance is to be spent in the next year plus any CWIP for the CY2025 season.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
For CY2024, actual cash outflow can be higher than Rs. 1,200 crore, right? 
Raj Gandhi: 
That is right. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
On the debt side Rs. 4,700 crore roughly and Rs. 1,300 crore will go for the 
acquisition. Where do you think, at what level Mr. Gandhi the debt peaks?  
Raj Gandhi: 
I think the best way will be to look at it as a percentage because we have given a 
percentage debt to equity of 0.67. It will remain under that because all these CAPEX 
is ahead of the season and capacity which is being created will generate enough 
profits to pay for itself. If you notice in the last few years our debt to equity and debt 
to EBITDA is improving in spite of doing all this CAPEX. I think that is the biggest 
indicator and we should draw comfort from there.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
There is obviously a comfort but specifically on debt given the acquisitions. I 
understand balance sheet is strong, cash flows are strong and the new capacities 
will add to operating cash. But at what level do you think the absolute debt level 
peaks?  
Raj Gandhi: 
We think it is already peaked because Rs. 1,300 crore for acquisition is equivalent 
to 2-3 months cash profit once the season starts, that is not a challenge. Look at last 
year, as the Chairman stated, last year the season was a partial washout. In spite of 
that, we are so comfortable and even Rs. 1,200 crore increase in CWIP was funded 
very easily and without debt to equity ratio going up. Further, this year, we are 
hopeful the season will be much better than last year, and with new plants already 
executed, resulting in capacity going up by ~45% over CY2022, we expect things 
should be much more comfortable.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Moving to P&L, 2 questions. First on the realization you have explained in the past 
also and on this call, as we look into 7% growth this year, 6% last year. I know last 
year as in 2022 had a bit of a base issue but India’s realization as well as international 
did quite well. Do you think that low-hanging fruit in terms of the mix change has 
played out and therefore the number should be more moderate as we head into 
2024, on the unit realization bit? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It could be slightly moderate, but we think if you really look at it in our industry, our 
peak season is March to July and those whole 4 months were a complete washout 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
in 2023. If we have done a growth of 13.9% with a complete washout peak season, 
we cannot predict the rain gods, otherwise, we do not see any reason why it should 
not be much better.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Sorry Mr. Jaipuria, that comment was on Rs. per case realization you are talking 
about? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Rupees per case would automatically be better because in peak season the small 
pack always sells more and in the small pack, our realization is much higher.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Vivek, in the past we have given a guidance that over a larger period realization 
increase in a year is about 2%, if you see a longer period of 10-20-30 year. So, it will 
never be as sharp, but lot of juice is left because of energy drink category, Gatorade 
and other value-added dairy products, etc.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Our other two plants are also starting, which will have Value-added Dairy, which is 
high value products. Our Tropicana sales will go up. We think with the volumes going 
up, you will see slightly more improvements.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
The last bit is on EBITDA margins, in the past 2023, you have ended just around 
23% which is higher than what you have historically given ballpark. Do you think that 
the margin range will be better than what you historically thought or we should see 
margins going down as we go forward? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It is always good to do better than what we say. So, we will stick to what we have 
said before and hope to do better than that. We think 20-21% is a fairly high EBITDA 
margin in our industry and we would like to stick to that.  
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Absolutely respect that point of view Mr. Jaipuria, but you are at 23% now. Given 
that business is growing strongly even if we do not build any operating leverage, 
unlikely that these margins should go down. 2023 margins should be the new level, 
is that fair?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We would not like to say that because there are so many things, there are geopolitical 
factors today, suddenly freight charges have gone up and someday the sugar 
charges go up. We would not like to comment that we would be more than 21-22%, 
and God willing if things go well, we could be better. But, we would not like to predict.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Vivek, particularly for this year, as we stated, PET prices have softened and the effect 
of that has been reflected in the bottom line from the gross profit to the EBITDA level.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA.   
Aditya Soman: 
Firstly, on the India business what is really differentiating Varun Beverages 
compared with some of the other players that have reported results? Most of them 
have reported flattish or even declines whereas Varun Beverages continues, 
especially in this quarter we have seen very strong numbers. What do you think is 
the big differentiator where in a weak underlying macro environment you are seeing 
very strong growth? And second question, with regard to the acquisition in South 
Africa, when do you expect the closure of that acquisition? Any update in terms of 
timelines?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
First for the growth, we think in every call we have said that we are improving our go 
to market. We are adding more chilling equipment and the key reason for our growth 
which maybe some of the other companies are not showing is our go to market. We 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
are enhancing our go to market. We are adding close to 4,00,000 - 5,00,000 new 
outlets every year, that is what the main source of our growth is coming. As we had 
said that electricity is no longer a challenge in this country and because power is now 
available in villages, we are able to place more chilling equipment’s and we are able 
to go more deeper and deeper into the rural markets. If you would have heard last 
year most of the companies were saying rural market was not doing well for them. 
For us rural market has done extremely well because of our penetration and going 
deeper into the markets. Secondly, as far as South Africa is concerned, we are 
hoping that by February end we should get the approval. We have already got 
approval for Botswana from their Competition Commission, and we are waiting for 
the approval for Namibia and South Africa which we hope we should get it before the 
end of February.  
Aditya Soman: 
Just a couple of follow-ups. So, on the first bit in terms of improving go-to market, 
how much of that process is done or do you feel there is still a long runway? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We cannot complete it in the next 5 years to be honest. It is a long journey and you 
can keep on adding and there is a limit to how much we can add because there is 
lot of CAPEX involved, there is a lot of people involved. We think if we can keep on 
adding even 4,00,000 to 5,00,000 outlets, we should be very happy. 
Aditya Soman: 
Sir, just on that, you were talking about manufacturing your own visi-coolers and 
where are we on that process now?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are in the process. We have not finalized it yet. As soon as we do it then we will 
let you know.  
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global.   
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, you mentioned 45% increase in capacity. So, if you could provide the absolute 
peak month capacity ahead of this CY2024 summer season it would be helpful.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It is very difficult Devanshu to give you because our capacities depend on the product 
mix and the sizing. But if we look at comparative to what we had done in 2022, we 
can do 45% more than that.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Secondly, there was some news flow around the competition, Coca Cola also sort of 
transferring bottling operations to its partners in North and East regions. So, wanted 
to check, do you foresee some increase in competition or competitive intensity 
because of this?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
I think you cannot have a more formidable competitor than the parent company. We 
wish them all luck and they are a very strong competitor. We will keep on fighting in 
the market and the best one will win.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Lastly, on one hand the PPT sort of mentions a good amount of work that we are 
doing in terms of water usage reduction and PET weight reduction. Some targets 
has been mentioned for recycled PET as well. On the other hand, we now see 
promotional launches in terms of 400 ml SKUs at Rs. 20 in the market. So, just if you 
could explain how should we see the net impact of both these things on our gross 
margin?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
For PET recycling, we are putting up a manufacturing facility, we have signed a joint 
venture with Indorama and we hope to be in production by 2025, which should take 
care of about 20%-25% of our requirement, and that is what our commitment is. We 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
have a second plant also which will go into production and should also be ready by 
the end of 2025. We will be more than covered for the recycling part.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Moreover, added by the initiatives taken by the company, in the weight reduction in 
the preforms and weight reduction in the closers, and as chairman mentioned on 
rPET, so altogether, we are doing whatever best can be done and target for 2025 is 
100% of our plastic waste to be recycled.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
These savings are being sort of rooted into these promotional launches. Like I 
mentioned 400 ml at Rs. 20 which is there in the market.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
These will keep on happening. It is a competitive world. We have to keep competing 
with our competition. Somewhere we will be ahead, somewhere they will be ahead.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
The working capital at CY2023 has sort of increased Vs last year. What is the reason 
for this? Because last couple of years, there were these advanced purchases that 
we were doing. This time around what is the reason and is it expected to sustain at 
current levels? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Because the volume has gone up therefore, in absolute terms these things have 
gone. If you see with the number of days, it has stayed at the same and marginally 
payables have reduced. Otherwise, there is no change.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Also, some risk protection we are doing with the geopolitical situation. Suddenly the 
Suez Canal has got blocked and we do not want to take any chances for any goods, 
safeguarding ourselves.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
These payables level are expected to sustain or they are expected to go back to 
earlier level, payable days? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Well, depends upon the situation but we have made the payments ahead of time. 
Sometimes if we get a good pricing etc.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama.   
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
3 questions from my side. First is if I look at the strong volume growth of 25% that 
we have delivered in the CSD segment. Historically we have given a sense that at 
times Sting and even earlier Nimbooz has done well. Specifically, any products which 
have stood out in terms of giving a larger share of this growth.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We think energy drink is still doing well for us and our juice category has started 
doing extremely well. If you see the last quarter, our growth has been about 20% on 
juices which has been flat and juices category have a great movement in the peak 
season. Unfortunately, we lost our peak season last year. We expect a huge growth 
in the Juice category and our value-added dairy also because till last year we didn't 
have the capacity, we have tripled our capacity in that for Tropicana and as well as 
our value-added dairy, our production capabilities have gone up by 200%. We expect 
the growth in both these categories to be stronger.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
I was asking that maybe in the CSD segment, the energy drink would have driven a 
larger share of the growth if that's fair to understand.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, even our core CSD portfolio is growing. So, if you see our water mix has come 
down and our overall CSD as well as energy has gone up.  

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
The second question was in the upcoming season, maybe there would be an 
increase in the competitive intensity with the third larger player coming in. So, what 
is the changes maybe or the incremental efforts on the go-to market or maybe any 
thoughts on the advertising side that we are planning to in a way take care of this?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we cannot talk about the third competitor. We know they are there and we’re 
sure they will do what is right for them and we will keep on enhancing our go-to 
market and do the best we can in the market. And we think the India market is 
growing at a reasonably good pace. It can accommodate everyone, so we think there 
is enough room for everyone.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Final question was on South Africa. If you could give a sense of the current share of 
Pepsi and what would be the aspiration from our side. Also, if you have a thought of 
the mix between the share of Pepsi and own brands for BevCo and I will be done.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The PepsiCo share is about 1.5% and the BevCo share is about 12%. The combined 
is about 14% and Pepsi’s share is only about 1.5%.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL.   
Percy Panthaki: 
First question on the CAPEX. A few quarters ago you had guided that the CAPEX 
on a cash flow basis this year would be about Rs. 2,800-Rs. 2,900 crore. It has come 
at Rs. 3,200+ crore. So, can you explain the reconciliation of this Rs.350 crore 
approximately higher than expected CAPEX? 
Raj Gandhi: 
Percy, this is as we mentioned. In fact the capitalization of Supa plant which we 
initially planned for March CY2024 got expedited by couple of months, by 25th 
January we were ready to make it operational. This resulted in incremental cash out 
flow for CAPEX of Supa Plant in CY2023. Also this was in light of the logistic issues 
which we were facing, because Gorakhpur plant which we were planning for 
February may go to March this year. Instead of looking only at the cash flow, we had 
to ensure that we were fully covered for production for next year.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And this year also we are planning a Rs. 1,200 crore CAPEX plus any WIP at the 
end of the year which is typically around Rs. 500-600 crore. So, we are talking about 
Rs. 1,700-1,800 crore CAPEX on a cash flow basis for this calendar year as well. 
So, what are the projects that would be included in this number?  
Raj Gandhi: 
The balance capex for 2024 season includes Gorakhpur which we have already 
announced, next is Khurda, Orissa which we have to complete in another 1-2 
months, DRC is the new territory which is about Rs. 400 crore in CAPEX and we 
have to complete that and maybe certain Brownfield, where another ~ Rs. 200 crores 
will be spent. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Secondly, just wanted to understand your opportunity in the African continent. That 
is the announcements that have happened till now which is your Congo and South 
Africa plus a few small countries. I understand that the top line from the South Africa 
business which you are taking over is about Rs.1,600 crore, is that correct?  
Raj Gandhi: 
Yes, around that much. That is right. North of Rs.1,600 crore.  
Percy Panthaki: 
And Congo is a completely new territory. So, whatever you generate there will be on 
your own. So, if basically I have to make an estimate for your first full year of 
operations that will be CY2025 for the South Africa plus Congo, what kind of very 
ballpark kind of turnover and what kind of margins should we build in for these 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
operations? Because there is a certain valuation which is attached to these new 
opportunities which is already sort of reflecting in the share price. So, for us in order 
to sort of determine the fair value of the company as a whole, we also have to sort 
of put some fair value to these opportunities. Although the business has not yet 
started. So, any kind of flavor that you can give on this will be very helpful.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Our suggestion would be, you give us 1 more quarter. Let us get onto the driving 
seat of South Africa which is the big part in this, because DRC will not start before 
May. So, it won't even reflect in the next quarter also. We think give us a couple of 
months for us to fully understand that market. We have understood it but before we 
start saying any numbers, it will be only fair for us to have full clarity. It will be better 
than what it is currently, that is the only thing we can tell you right now.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Lastly, if you can give some idea of your new initiatives. So, you have mentioned 
three things, Juices, Gatorade and Dairy based beverages. These are the 3 new 
growth initiatives of the company. So, just wanted to understand how much could 
these 3 initiatives add or boost your overall growth by? Will it be 200-300 bps? Any 
kind of rough sort of estimate on that or any kind of way as to how you are thinking 
on that will be helpful.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
First of all, these are not the only 3 initiatives we are taking. These are some of the 
categories where we have now got the capacity which will give us the growth where 
we were constrained with capacity last year. But our core CSD business as well as 
the energy drink business is doing extremely well and that is growing on its own 
pace. So, these will be additional growth where the volumes will be much more 
higher than anticipated.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Exactly, these additional growth drivers, the other is business as usual and you will 
obviously every year have some of the other projects and initiatives in all parts of this 
business but this is relatively sort of new. So, apart from if you are targeting in normal 
course of business, organic growth of 12%, with these opportunities can it go to 14%-
15% is what I just wanted to have a flavor of.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we cannot predict numbers. Last year, peak season was a washout and still 
we have done 14%, so we leave it to you to decide.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak.   
Jaykumar Doshi: 
I have got a couple of questions. The first one is, a couple of years back you called 
out that when Sting's salience was about 5% of volumes, you had indicated that the 
potential can be up to 15% volume salience based on the way it has been in some 
other markets. I believe that number Sting would be now close to that number or 
would have crossed that number. So, can you give us some more color now, where 
can it settle in a normalized salience of Sting for your business in India?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, a lot of markets and especially in the emerging markets, energy drinks are 
14%-15% of the mix. Sting has reached around 14%-15% of our portfolio mix and 
there is still a lot of potential left for the energy drinks industry. We think there is 
enough room for us to play.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Industry mix it would be still 6%-7%, is that right understanding, overall energy drink 
today?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, that’s what it should be around 6%-7% or maybe little lower.  

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Raj Gandhi: 
This is a ballpark figure. In fact, you asked when we were at 5% and optimistically at 
that time we envisaged because you insisted upon giving some number. And if you 
ask today again, we are in a similar situation because if we look at market like 
Vietnam where the mix for PepsiCo is ~30%, in Pakistan we understand that the mix 
of energy drink may be ~25% for PepsiCo. So, it all depends, let's keep a watch and 
keep on doing the go-to market improvements. We can only say this.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
25%-30% is mix of Sting in PepsiCo's portfolio? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, PepsiCo portfolio.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
Second, is a bookkeeping question. You mentioned earlier that you add 400,000- 
500,000 outlets every year. So, at the end of CY2023 what is the total reach in India 
and international, if you can share both? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
About 3.5 million is our outlet reach in India.  
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And international would be. If you have the number handy. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
International, we do not have the exact numbers and we would not like to comment.  
We are entering new markets. May be next time, if you come offline, we will try and 
get you the approximate details.  
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara.   
Amit Purohit: 
Just on the Juices and Gatorade part. I wanted to understand if this could be the 
growth drivers would the mix would have a good effect or a better effect on the 
realization as well as we move forward.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We think we had mentioned that in value-added Dairy, Tropicana and Gatorade, we 
have doubled, and added our production capacity by 200%. These products are very 
significant in our overall growth and these are high value products, so they add to 
our overall value. But that cannot be the only reason for our growth. Our key growth 
will still come from energy and our CSD portfolio, these products will be an additional 
support to the overall growth.  
Amit Purohit: 
On the base of that 200% expansion which year should be taken as a base from 
that?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It will be from this year onwards. One plant is already commissioned which is 
Maharashtra and the other one is Gorakhpur which will be commissioned by March 
or April. 
Amit Purohit: 
So, Vs CY2023, CY2024 would have a ~200% higher capacity.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes.  
Amit Purohit: 
And just you highlighted on some challenges which may be there because of 
geopolitical reasons. Any impact that right now you are witnessing in the international 
market or India market?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Not really. The only impact we are seeing is some of the freights have become more 
expensive. The cost of materials has gone up and some of the shipments are getting 
delayed. We are having to overstock ourselves just for safety reasons. And those 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
are costing, it is creating some cost but nothing beyond that. So, that is why we are 
making it very safe for ourselves and not worrying about additional inventory cost.  
Amit Purohit: 
So, that would be both for India as well as international. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Some markets. Whichever comes under the Suez Canal where the products are 
coming that’s getting more affected, but the freight rates are going up for everyone.  
Amit Purohit: 
And this would not force you to take any pricing action, right?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, it is not that large. Our imports are not that large.  
Amit Purohit: 
Sir, just if you could give some insights on Gatorade how has been the response? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The response has been very good, but Gatorade is a very small part, it is not even 
0.5% or less than 0.5% of our category. We think it is really not relevant right now. It 
will just add on. It is a good value item. Long term it is a great product and we think 
we will do well with it. But we think our other product which is doing extremely well is 
Nimbooz which will be a decent mix for us.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Anand Shah from Axis Capital.   
Anand Shah: 
Can you comment qualitatively on the growth in the international markets? I mean 
within your core markets how this year has been?  
Raj Gandhi: 
It is 16% in this quarter and overall, we think broadly in line with our India's market.  
Anand Shah: 
But within this I mean how Zimbabwe, Zambia or Nepal and Sri Lanka would have 
grown quarterly roughly.  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Overall, we have grown 16% in Q4 CY2023 and 18% in CY2023 for the international 
markets.  
Anand Shah: 
But within this Zimbabwe would have grown how much for the full year not quarterly? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
23% growth for Zimbabwe in CY2023.  
Anand Shah: 
And in international, this year we have seen some margin correction. Normally we 
have seen that margins were in the range of 21%-23%. They've come down to 18%-
19%. So, is there any margin ahead and do you expect this to now stabilize going 
ahead?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The currencies are going up and down so much in the international markets, we think 
on an overall basis, you should look at a margin of 21%-22%, which is very healthy. 
So, one country will go down, one country will go up. Sri Lanka had 100% 
devaluation, now it is stabilizing. It is very difficult to base it on each country.  
Anand Shah: 
And in Congo at peak capacity what kind of cases would you be sort of targeting?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It's too early. We are putting two small lines so it's too early to say. Once we see the 
market developing then we'll keep on adding. But we are looking at maybe about 30 
million cases from these lines.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you talk about Dairy-based beverages current contribution and going forward 
what kind of growth we are looking for and which market we are going?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It is less than 0.5% at the moment and we hope to double it or maybe even little 
better than that.  
Sumant Kumar: 
In the next year? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
This year 2024.  
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Thanekaivel, an individual investor.   
Thanekaivel: 
I would like to know what the maintenance CAPEX for the quarter ended 
December’23 and for the year ended December’23.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Mr. Thanekaivel we do not capitalize it. It is a P&L item. So, it is charged to the P&L 
like earlier years, from the beginning. 
Thanekaivel: 
Could you give it, like a percentage?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
It does not work like that. It depends on the utilization of the machines and a lot of 
other things. We charge 100% of our maintenance to our P&L.  
Thanekaivel: 
Just one more question sir on the Dairy products availability. Has the availability 
come from North to other areas like South and other places?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
This year our only plant was in the North. We have just started our dairy production 
in the West and we will be starting in the East soon. So, we will be covering the full 
India region this year. That's why we expect the growth to be quite strong.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you sir.  
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more 
about our company please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Team. Thank 
you once again for your interest, support and for taking the time out to join us on this 
call. Look forward to interacting with you very soon. Thank you very much. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
