mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
Regd. Office: Mahindra Towers, P. k. kurne Chowk, Wadi, Mumbai - 400018 
Igniting Success 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                              
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Arena Space, 10th & 11th Floor, 
Plot No. 20, Jogeshwari Vikhroli Link Road, 
Near Majas Bus Depot, Jogeshwari (East), 
Mumbai – 400060, Maharashtra. 
Tel: +91 22 6836 7900 
Email: enquiries@mahindralogistics.com 
www.mahindralogistics.com 
CIN: L63000MH2007PLC173466 
Ref: MLLSEC/17/2024  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 5 February 2024 
 
To,  
BSE Limited,  
(Security Code: 540768) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
(Symbol: MAHLOG)  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
“G” Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call - Regulations 30 & 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”)  
 
Ref:   Intimations of earnings conference call vide letters dated 19 January 2024 and 25 January 2024; 
and Outcome and audio recording of earnings conference call dated 30 January 2024 
 
This is with reference to our letters dated 19 January 2024, 25 January 2024 and 29 January 2024 giving 
advance intimation and outcome including the weblink of the audio recording of the earnings conference 
call of the Company for quarter and nine months ended 31 December 2023, held on Tuesday, 30 January 
2024, with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds (“Q3&9MFY24 earnings call”). 
 
Further to the above and in compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with clause 15(b) of Para A of Part A of 
Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Q3&9MFY24 earnings call of the Company. The transcript includes list of management 
attendees and the dialogues including but not limited to the Q&As’ and assents/dissents.  
 
The text transcript and audio recordings of the Q3&9MFY24 earnings call are also uploaded on the website 
of the Company at the weblink:  
https://mahindralogistics.com/investor-interaction/recording-amp-transcript/  
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/discussed by the Company during the earnings 
conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://mahindralogistics.com/disclosures-under-sebi-regulation/disclosures-under-regulation-30/  
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
For Mahindra Logistics Limited  
 
 
 
Jignesh Parikh 
Company Secretary 
Enclosure: As above 
Digitally signed by: 
JIGNESH ASHOK PARIKH
DN: CN = JIGNESH ASHOK
PARIKH C = IN O = 
PERSONAL
Date: 2024.02.05 19:54:01 +
05'30'
JIGNESH 
ASHOK 
PARIKH

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
CHOR 
US•CA 
L 
L' 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and The National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited and the Company website on 30th January 2024 will prevail. 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMPRAVEEN SWAMINATHAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MAHINDRA LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. SAURABH TANEJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
MAHINDRA LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM OF MAHINDRA 
LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
 
  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHOGUN JAIN – STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Mahindra Logistics Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shogun Jain from SGA. Thank you, and over 
to you Mr Jain. 
Shogun Jain: 
Thanks Rio. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the 
Mahindra Logistics Limited Q3 and 9M FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. We have 
with us Mr. Rampraveen Swaminathan, MD and CEO; Mr. Saurabh Taneja, CFO, 
and senior management team of the company. I hope everyone has had a chance to 
view our financial results and investor presentation posted on the company's website 
and stock exchanges. 
 
We will begin the call with opening remarks from management, followed by an open 
forum for Q&A. Before we begin, I'd like to point out that some of the statements 
made during today's call may be forward-looking. A disclaimer to that effect was 
included in the earnings presentation. 
 
I'd now like to invite Ram, the MD and CEO, to make some preliminary remarks. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Thank you, Shogun. Good afternoon, everyone. I trust you all had a chance to look at 
our presentation, the financial results on the stock exchanges and on our company's 
website. As it's customary, I should open with update on our strategies, external 
environment, end market performance from operational highlights across our 
different businesses and some key corporate actions. 
 
I'll finally conclude by discussing our financial performance for the quarter which 
went by and for the 9 months of FY'24 in our focus areas for the remainder of the 
year. Premium logistics sector remains a key cactus for the overall growth, story of 
the country, and our country aspires to meet a GDP of $5 trillion. 
 
The quality of our logistics infrastructure and the maturity of logistics services are 
key constants of both ease of business and by the extension of it from make in India. 
In the past year, we have seen continued development and implementation of 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
infrastructure and policy initiatives under the umbrella of Sagarmala, Gati Shakti, the 
direct freight corridors and now the National Logistics policy. 
 
Our three key drives will continue to have acceleration in the policy area, progress 
towards more multimodal transportation systems, rapid growth in road surface 
infrastructure with a higher emphasis on decarbonization and an increase in public 
digital assets such as ONDC and ULIP. These steps continue to drive enhanced 
acceleration position the 3PL logistics industry in a particular favourable manner, as 
improvements in infrastructure enable our customers to outsource at higher levels. 
 
In this backdrop, our company's strategic focus has been to enable enterprise 
customers to meet their supply chain as more productive while leveraging our 
integration and a process and technology layer. To this end, we have been focused 
on developing solutions capabilities, adding new service lines such as freight 
forwarding, last mile delivery and B2B Express, which span the customers for value 
chain and leverage technology to drive productivity. 
This has also brought a higher focus on building nationwide rail network in 
warehousing infrastructure, deepening our coverage across the pin codes of our 
country and developing integrated technology stacks, which we have now been 
engaged in over the last 3 to 4 years through our organic and inorganic programs. 
 
Today, more than 25% of our contract logistics revenues come from solutions and 
around 20% comes from new services such as freight forwarding, Express and last 
mile delivery. Moving on to our end markets, and I will quickly cover the shape of 
our markets and some key highlights from the same with respect to our business, let 
me begin with the automotive sector, India's automotive sector, as you all know, has 
been seeing a purple patch for the last couple of years. 
The market is undergoing a technological change to pave the way for the sector's 
mixed growth phase. The fundamental pillars of this change are innovation, if we'll 
sell technology and the increasing emergence of electric vehicles. In addition to 
passenger vehicles, where EV adoption has been well discussed, EVs are also 
increasing a significant part of the 3-wheeler cargo market and have established a 
strong platform there. 
Beyond this, these trends in the short term, we continue to focus on ICE 
technologies, especially in the cargo and freight segment. Our last quarter was 
marked by the festive season, and we saw the impact of the season in the first half of 
the quarter with strong wholesales driving increased demand for services and 
solutions for logistics as well. 
 
Commercial vehicle demand remained moderate through the quarter. Overall, we 
saw a positive traction of volume in the first half of this quarter, but these are offset 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
by higher-than-expected no production days in December for multiple reasons, such 
as inventory management, upcoming new model changes, etcetera, by our OEMs. 
The farm sector volumes were positive traction with the festive season volumes 
bumping in as expected and the expectations of impending price hikes from January 
2024. 
 
The consumer durable brand and FMCG industry has the important constituents of 
our demand, government spending and private capital expenditure have continued to 
drive a positive trend across the overall sector. Unfortunately, the inflationary 
environment and cost increases have been passed on to our customers,have had a 
negative impact on demand. 
The fan industry is gradually picking up with a transition towards BLDC in higher 
star rated fans and the whole market will hopefully start seeing greater stability. Our 
competition across the global industry remains intense, putting pressure on prices. 
Our Q3 FY'24, colder quarter in terms of temperature witnessed some moderation 
and off-take but was higher on a year-on-year basis due to the festive demand. 
 
Demand for electronics has been led by mobile phones, wearables and televisions, 
while refrigeration as a whole has seen stronger festive demand, followed by 
washing machines and refrigerators. Similarly, in FMCG as well, there have been 
some green shoots but these have been scattered in nature. 
 
From our business perspective, we have seen a renewed focus of companies to start 
relooking at the distribution network post-COVID. Over the last few years, we've 
been talking about the impact of GST, and that has started acceleration in the recent 
past. This has resulted in a higher interest for integrated warehousing and 
distribution solutions, and we have seen a strong order intake on account of the same 
for the quarter. 
 
Moving on to e-commerce, the e-commerce segment has, in the last fiscal year or 
this fiscal year, seeing a substantial increase in the level of in-sourcing as 
marketplaces have been consolidating their capacity with a stronger focus on 
profitability. As a result, the share of 3PL companies in this space in terms of first 
and mid mile have been impacted. 
This quarter is traditionally the festive peak season, and we saw a better peak this 
year than last year. Volume growth was positive and sequentially on a Q3 versus Q2 
basis, our volumes grew by 21% during the peak period. 
 
However, there was a sharp tail off, post the peak in most categories other than 
grocery, which has remained robust through the period. From our perspective, 
several contracts, which are closed by customers in Q1 and Q2, which we had 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
reported on last earnings call, were actually decommissioned in Q3, resulting in a 
higher level of white space in warehousing. 
On the positive side, the stronger peak had a higher positive impact on our 
transportation and last mile business for this segment. Our network transportation 
program with Flipkart has made positive strides and we are now at peak utilization 
of the fleet. During the quarter, increasing the re-penetration in e-com has also given 
a boost in the retail business with higher demand from grocery and small pack last 
mile delivery. 
I'll now cover some operational highlights across all our businesses, and let me begin 
with the largest part, which, of course, is the 3PL business. The 3PL business 
operationally remained robust through the quarter and we have consistent operating 
metrics across all our 300-plus sites. From a demand perspective, order intake was 
especially strong across all segments with an annual contract value of over INR 150 
crores, which is roughly a 15% increase compared with the previous quarter of this 
year. 
These included several new contracts, including new grocery FCs for lead ing 
marketplace, seeing new sort centres in the e-com space and several integrated 
warehousing and distribution solutions for clients in the food and, FMCG and 
engineering sectors. 
 
While volume for the quarter was lower than expected the 3PL business due to the 
offset of the contracts which were reduced from last year and the year-on-year 
elimination of the Bajaj contract. The labour environment across our businesses 
remained under pressure with cost inflation impacting cost in both of our third-party 
contract resources and delivery associates. 
This particularly impacted our third-party logistics business and our last mile 
delivery business, and they were exaggerated during the festive peak when we saw a 
significant cost surge, which had an unfavourable impact on margins. These are 
especially true in the last mile delivery business and most of the other businesses, we 
were able to offset the impact of that to productivity. 
 
On warehousing. Total warehousing for 3PL for the quarter was 18.7 million square 
feet. We have around 2.5 million square feet of capacity under construction, 
including recent announcements. We have recently announced the additional 6.5 
lakhs of capacity in Phaltan, a 4 lakh square feet in Nashik, and we are starting 
construction of 1.2 lakh square feet multi-client facility on Agartala. 
 
The closure of some of the contracts, as I mentioned earlier, in the e-commerce 
spaces resulted in a higher white space cost for the quarter compared to trailing 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
quarters. And as a result, we have seen an impact of our financials for the quarter, 
which was just concluded. 
 
We have a healthy pipeline and do expect to close out new contracts which should 
fill that white space over the next couple of quarters based on specific locations. The 
electric vehicle fleet, our total EV fleet for cargo is around 1,700 vehicles that down 
serves 19 cities. As a part of the last mile delivery business, we now have coverage 
of nearly 4,000 pin codes across the country. The freight forwarding business 
continues to have headwinds, which have historically been going through the last 5 
quarters. 
 
On a positive note, during the quarter, we were able to break the back of the trend 
and grow volume especially on the air segments and sequentially on ocean imports. 
These have allowed us to register 11% growth sequentially on a Q-on-Q basis in the 
business. We continue to scale up our cross-border charter business, which is based 
in Dubai. In the medium term, we remain positive about our outlook to continue to 
grow volume, though we are a few quarters off from our historical peaks. 
 
Moving on to the last -- the B2B Express business or Rivigo, as we generally call it. 
We continue to be focused on driving the turnaround in the Rivigo. We have 
invested in optimizing the network design and improving service levels, which now 
have recovered completely. Through this quarter, the integration of both the 
businesses has now been completed, and all our customers are now on a single 
physical network. 
 
During the quarter, order intake grew by 18% and delivered volumes grew by around 
10%. We also onboarded 23 new accounts for the Express business. However, 
despite these improvements, we are not able to see the full benefit of that from a cost 
perspective as our fleet continue to operate at suboptimal utilization levels. We have 
continued to operate the free fleet at high levels to ensure service levels are 
improved, and that has had a trailing impact on our results, which I'll cover a little bit 
later. 
 
Through the quarter, we also had some impact due to the Chennai rains, which 
impacted our local operations for the Express business in the quarter. The mobility 
business was impacted sequentially by seasonal factors. The holiday season has 
impacted our ETMS business and has not compensated the adequate -- and the 
decline was not adequately compensated by the airport or the B2C business, which 
traditionally see an improvement during the quarter. 
We've also had some delays in our electric vehicle fleet upgrade program and that 
has had an underlying impact on our costs. That said, our overall improvement plans 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
are well in place, and we expect and anticipate further growth as a return to work 
trends could accelerate across all our end customers. 
 
During the quarter, we opened 9 new facilities in the third-party logistics business. 
These sites are open -- many of these sites are opened in the second half of the 
quarter and had a longer preconstruction period or preoperational cost -- and a higher 
level of preoperational costs impacted with this. We were not able to complete 
monetization of these new sites, and therefore, the preoperational cost had an impact 
on the financials for the quarter. 
I'll now move on to some corporate actions, which I think all of you may have 
tracked, but for more information. During the quarter, we completed the second 
tranche of our acquisition in ZipZap Logistics increasing our equity to 60% on a 
fully diluted basis. The company will now be consolidated along with MLL results 
on a going-forward basis. 
As a result of this transaction, the company had an increase in transaction fees and 
onetime costs as the employee benefits, which impacted the results of the company 
by roughly INR2 crores in the quarter. 
 
I would like to highlight that these are not continuing costs and should not be there 
going forward. We have completed our divestment of our stake in Transtech 
technologies to remind you all the investments in this company already mention in 
FY'21, '22. We have since then divested our equity position of appropriately 38% to 
an independent group of investors. 
As a result of that transaction, we had to reverse a deferred tax asset which was 
created in 2018, which are to the extent of INR1 crore, which is reflected in our Q3 
financials and impacted our reported PAT.  
The Board of the company has put an additional equity investment of INR50 crores 
in MESPL to support operations and growth. This investment will be concluded in 
the current quarter. Moving on to financial performance. And let me begin with the 
component performance, first if talk about consolidated performance. 
 
Revenue for Q3 F '24 in MLL or Mahindra Logistics was INR1,160 crores as 
compared to INR1,139 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. PAT 
for the quarter was INR13 crores as compared to INR17 crores for the corresponding 
quarter last year. Earnings were impacted by multiple operational and one-off issues. 
Some of these have been highlighted before, but I will repeat them again. 
 
Operationally, we had higher start-up costs in NPDs in December, higher start-up 
costs, which, as I said earlier, we could not complete and fully bill our customers for 
that. Those increased start-up costs and NPDs have impacted earnings by 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
approximately INR3 crores for the quarter. We also had a further seasonal impact of 
labour costs in the last mile delivery business of MLL. This was by cost of driving 
our associates, which especially in October, where a significant surge. And these 
unfavourably impacted earnings by approximately INR1.2 crores. 
 
Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, we have reversed deferred tax assets created for 
Transtech in 2018, which amounted to INR1 crores. Barring these one-offs and 
specific events, our underlying performance of the business was stable. We expect 
most of this cost will not make a drill to fourth quarter onwards. 
 
Lords freight revenue for Q3 F '24 was INR55 crores as compared to INR78 crores 
for the same quarter last year, a decline of 24% on a year-on-year basis. Our PAT for 
the quarter was INR0.44 crores as compared to INR1.8 crores, which was impacted 
positively by some one-off -- one time gains as well. 
 
On a positive side, as I mentioned earlier, sequentially, revenues are up 10%, and our 
margins remain in moderation throughout the quarter. We remain positive about the 
long-term value and opportunity around the business. As I said, we have seen 
volume growth in air imports, exports as well as ocean imports and we hope to see 
stronger volume growth in the coming quarters in this business. 
 
The Express business or Rivigo Q3 F '24 revenue was INR96 crores, up 5% Y-o-Y 
and up 10% sequentially. Overall, the gross margin improved by INR2 crores in the 
quarter, while the overall gross margin was still minus 14% for the quarter. We did 
see an improvement in the quarter and our PAT loss has reduced to INR34 crores in 
Q3 FY'24. 
 
We remain focused on driving improvements in the business, and we'll talk about the 
levers for the improved business in later sections. Mobility revenue Q3 FY'24 was 
INR84 crores as compared to INR65 crores in the corresponding quarter last year 
and PAT for the quarter stood at INR37 lakhs. 
 
Whizzard or ZipZap Logistics revenue for Q3 F'24 were INR35 crores as compared 
to INR31 crores in Q3 F'23 and PAT loss for the quarter was INR2 crores as 
compared to INR1.5 crores for the corresponding quarter of last year. 
 
As I mentioned earlier, that INR2 crores of losses included the onetime charges of 
INR2.2 crores. Excluding those business actually was breakeven or actually would 
be profitable.  
The 2x2 Logistics business continues to see an improvement in its operating returns. 
For the quarter, a division made a profit of INR74 lakhs as compared to a loss of 
INR65 lakhs in the same quarter last year. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
 
Our entire fleet now is almost completely operational, and we are in the process of 
augmenting the fleet in the coming quarter. Moving on to consolidated financial 
performance for Q3 F'24. Q3 revenue for the quarter increased by 5% on a year-on-
year basis to INR1,397 crores. Revenue from the warehousing segment for the 
quarter -- actually warehousing solutions segment, stood at INR276 crores for the 
quarter, up 8% from the same time last year. 
 
Supply chain management, including third-party logistics, freight forwarding, last 
mile delivery and B2B Express contributed 94% of the overall revenue and the 
mobility business contributed 6% of our overall revenue for the quarter. Gross 
margin on a fully diluted basis stood at 9% in Q3 FY'24 compared to 10% for the 
same period last year. 
 
Gross margin without the impact of the MESPL business was at 10.7%, an 
improvement of 70 basis points on a like-to-like basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood 
at INR52 crores, down 17%, largely due to the consolidation impact of the Express 
business, excluding impact of Express business EBITDA was down 6%.  
 
Our consolidated PAT for the quarter stood at minus INR17.1 crores. From a cash 
and receivables perspective, the company continues to trend positively with more 
substantial change on that as we continue to focus on working capital management. 
 
With this, I'll now open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask questions, may press star (*) and 1 on their telephone. If 
you wish to remove yourself from the question que you may press star (*) and 2. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking questions. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question que assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.  
Alok Deora: 
Sir Good afternoon. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Good afternoon, Alok. 
Alok Deora: 
Good Sir, How are you?. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
I am fine. 
Alok Deora: 
Sir just a couple of questions. Firstly, on this Express business. So Rivigo, 
unfortunately, the losses are still elevated. So how are we looking at this now? 
Because -- I mean even at the industry level, the volumes on the Express side has 
been kind of muted and I think that's sort also reflected in our numbers as well. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
So earlier, we are targeting a breakeven of -- breakeven by end of this year. So any 
changes there? And how we see the trajectory here? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Alok, if you want to ask a second question as well, I'll answer both of them together. 
Alok Deora: 
Yes, Sir please, so sir, second question even in the latest presentation, we are talking 
about INR10,000 crores sort of  -- it's a broader question, a INR10,000 crores 
revenue by FY'26. But even if we take a kind of a 20% growth rate for the next 
couple of years, we will be ending up at close to INR8,200 crores or roughly around 
INR8,000 crores. 
So any -- are we really looking at even higher growth than this? Because whatever 
numbers -- sense we are getting on the outlook for the industry, even 20% would be 
quite a task to achieve. So just your thoughts on that? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Sure. So let me answer the first one first, Alok. Because I think that's probably a 
question on a lot of people's minds. So I think we had -- just to baseline all of you. I 
think when we acquired Rivigo business, we essentially said, we'll be EBITDA 
positive by the end of this financial year and PAT positive through the next -- FY'24, 
'25. 
And as I mentioned on earlier calls, we have had integration issues on that asset. And 
that has obviously had a trailing impact on our earnings for those quarters as well as 
the time to breakeven from an EBITDA perspective. 
 
As we stand today, we are consistent with what we said in the last earnings call, 
which is that we expect to be EBITDA breakeven through the first half of next 
financial year. And on a run rate basis, we hope the PAT breakeven rise by the end 
of the next financial year. 
Now that's -- and obviously, as you look at the numbers, it's a fairly significant gap, 
so you all would think, it is a significant gap. And a large part of the impact in our 
profits this quarter was when we have seen volume growth. We are around 20% as 
compared to 20% to 25% compared to the volume we need to have. We had strong 
order intake in the quarter, though it got completely convert into sales. And 
therefore, we are fairly comfortable with the order runway. 
That order as we should actually translate into an improvement online haul costs 
through better vehicle utilization. So there are three basic -- three or four levers, 
which we're focused on. The first one is increasing order intake and volume. The 
second one is improving the efficiency for line haul costs, both through purchasing 
price efficiency and through line haul optimization. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
 
The third one is improving our pickup and delivery costs. We are doing some 
technology and interventions in that space to accelerate that. And last one is 
obviously operational and -- operational efficiency in our processing centres and our 
conversion centres. We do have a success plan on each of them because we did 
expect this quarter to have 15%-ish revenue growth. 
We came in tailing a little bit on track. But as I mentioned earlier, Alok, we have 
done the fleet almost at full-fledged capacity this quarter. And that obviously has 
been -- that the line haul utilization was lower than we anticipated, lower volume 
than expected and higher fleet utilized -- fleet laying operations meant that we had 
an unfavourable impact compared to our expectations. 
 
On the positive side, I think we have turned the curve, gross margin and EBITDA 
and PAT all showed improvements in the quarter. As stated in Jan, we have 
continued to see that volume growth and some of our cost improvement initiatives 
are starting to come into play. So we expect that we do expect largely to be on track 
with the program or the direction I had said earlier. 
 
To your second question, which is the INR10,000 crores number. I think we are right 
now close to INR5,800 crores to INR6,000 crores on a run rate basis and you can cut 
the numbers, whichever the way you want, right? And if you look at the INR10,000 
crores number, what we essentially said is we expect around INR9,000 crores of that 
to the supply chain and around INR1,000 crores of that to be mobility, right? 
From where we stand today, there is obviously the accelerated growth aspect on the 
supply chain alone. But we still feel that those growth estimates are well warranted 
given the size of the market. We obviously have to execute in terms of winning those 
orders and monetizing it and delivering on them, but the market and the demand 
that's there, we are continuing to see I said earlier on favourable the macroeconomic 
factors. 
So we still pretty much believe that, that is very much possible on that -- on the 
supply chain side of the business. The Freight Forwarding and the Express business 
and the last mile delivery businesses need to scale up to the potential which those 
business hold as well over the next three years, but we do believe that, that is very 
much in range, it's an aggressive growth plan. 
The last -- the Mobility business is business will be under stress. We had expected -- 
we have made these kind of aspirational targets pre-COVID. And -- but we do have 
a high assumption on more faster return to work for that volume to grow. And I do 
suspect that there is some measure of risk on that, Alok, in terms of our ability to hit 
the INR1,000 crores. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
At this stage, we are -- at overall level, we are somewhere in the 5% to 6% range, the 
way you call it. So we don't have -- you're not seen compelling urge to change the 
INR10,000 crores vision. We still remain pretty much focused on that, and we will 
see how close we get there. I hope that answer both your questions, Alok. 
Alok Deora: 
Yes, it does. Just one small follow-up. So on the first question, actually. So now you 
mentioned about volumes not being so much -- I mean you have improved maybe on 
a Q-o-Q basis, but still some room left. So where do we actually see this EBITDA 
breakeven happening because we already now pumped in INR50 crores into that 
business, particularly to kind of loss funding this unit. 
So do you think some more funding could have -- happen here? And where do we 
realistically see the breakeven happening that would be the last question.rigthy now. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So I think they're all basically one question because they're all linked in some way, 
Alok. I think the EBITDA breakeven as we stand today, we are forecasting EBITDA 
breakeven at the end of the second quarter of next fiscal. And we feel we remain by 
that position. We have not -- we feel comfortable we're able to hit that, that's a 
combination of volume and cost. 
And I don't have any basis to change it. I'm pretty confident. We expect to have a 
15% volume growth. As I said, we did build order intake was higher than 15%. We 
just did not have enough conversion of the orders. So we have to work on 
accelerating some of these levels and to execute better. But we do have the window 
and a clear plan to get there by the end of Q2. 
Alok Deora: 
 
 
Sure, if I have more questions, I will come back in queue. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Sure, Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank You, before we take the next questions, we would like to request participants, 
to please limit your questions to two per participant and ask both questions together. 
We take the next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities.   
Amit Dixit: 
Good Afternoon Everyone. Thanks for the opportunity.  
Moderator: 
Amit, actually we cant hear you very clearly, if your are in a handsfree, request you 
to use the handset. 
Amit Dixit: 
Just a second, is it clear now. 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. So I had a couple of questions. The first 1 is on Rivigo only. If you could let us 
know the cash loss that you are incurring at Rivigo, I mean the cash loss at this 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
quarter. And also a little bit extension on Alok's question again, that INR50 crores 
funding we have done, but you indicated that INR64 crores was kind of PAT loss 
that we made at Rivigo. 
So just wondering because the EBITDA breakeven is expected in H1, FY25. This 
PAT breakeven, maybe by end of FY25? So where are we going with this? So can 
we expect more tranches of funding? That was the first question. The second one, 
essentially if you could just highlight the volume growth in 3PL business ex of Bajaj 
effect. So these are my two questions sir. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Thanks Amit. I'll go with the bigger one first because you are in continuation with 
Alok's question. INR22.4 crores of EBITDA losses for the quarter, right, just as a 
data point. And to your question about the funding, the funding obviously partially is 
to support the burn rate. We don't expect this burn rate to be at the same level it was 
in Q4 -- in Q3.  
We expect obviously an improvement in Q4 and Q1 and Q2 to get to that EBITDA 
breakeven. While I'm not in a position to give specific estimates too.  As I said, the 
losses -- the EBITDA losses are INR22.4 crores for the quarter, and we expect -- and 
the loss -- and the funding of INR50 crores, which we are doing right now is to 
support both the volume, the working capital increases in the business. 
And obviously, to support some level of burn. We do believe that at this point, we do 
not plan any additional investments, the board or the company has reviewed our 
estimates, and we expect that this should be adequate in the near term or the midterm 
for the business till we get into a larger growth phase in the company. 
 
In terms of the other question, which was on -- yes the growth numbers of Bajaj, the 
third-party logistics business grew at 5% excluding the Bajaj shutdown, and the 
growth was around 9%. So all the e-commerce consolidation and shutdowns we had, 
growth was around 13%. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. Sir, just a clarification. When you say that the EBITDA level loss was INR22.4 
crores, is it same as cash flow or cash flows would be a little bit higher? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
It will be a little bit higher, Amit, and you can contact us -- if you contact us 
separately, we'll give you that number. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes Sir, Sure. No problem, thanks and all the best. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
You can write our Investor Relations team will give you a specific number. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes I will do that separately. Thank You very much. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank You, The next question is from Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Hi Aditya. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Hi Ram and thanks for the opportunity, I'll just go ahead with my questions. As in 
your opening remarks, you were suggesting something to the extent of a meaningful 
increase in order inflows for the standalone business and similar kind of thought 
process even for the B2B Express business. 
I wanted to get a sense of on a 9-M basis, how the numbers compare. And the surge 
in order inflows, is it more of a market phenomenon? And should we expect similar 
margins that you have otherwise been earning to continue? Or has there been any 
rejig on pricing from your side? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Aditya, So rejig on pricing, I can tell you we've not had any rejid on pricing, but you 
meant unfavourable change on pricing. So we don't do any unfavourable rejig on 
pricing. But -- so that's something across the business, we clarify that. In terms of 
more specific detail, I think seeing the 3PL business, we had order intakes with an 
annual contract value of approximately INR150 crores. 
 
And that -- a large part of that was some new customers, right, and some existing 
customers putting on new contracts as well. I would say a lot of that is -- it's a 
combination of two things, Aditya, some amount of network expansion. Clients 
actually launching new businesses on new locations. For example, the e-comm side, 
you had a bucket of growth in some marketplaces. 
We're actually doing geographical expansions and putting new sortation facilities 
there. In some other cases, it's really been a rebid of contracts, which we have now -- 
which we didn't have earlier and the rebid, we are bidding the contracts, right? So 
that is a combination of different things. In terms of do you expect this trend line to 
continue? 
I'd say I think order intake, we feel confident that we are well positioned. It will not 
be exactly INR150 crores in every quarter. But if you just timestamp it, the last two 
quarters, Q1 and Q2 order intake was north of INR100 crores a quarter. In Q3, order 
intake has been around INR150 crores a quarter. 
So we think that's generally a very healthy trend line. And it kind of, to some extent, 
gives us confidence in terms of our growth estimates to the question which probably 
Alok asked at the beginning, right? And in terms of the Express business, obviously, 
we've added new logos in. We've added around 23 new logos in. 
I won't get in the specific of much of business is contracted with them, but we do 
think that -- as I said, overall order intake grew around 18% for the quarter -- 16% to 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
18% for the quarter. We are not able to monetize all of that because it comes in 
different months and the conversion process to get the orders in. But we should be 
able to see the trailing impact of that in the coming periods as well. 
All, right. So let me stop there and from a margin profile perspective, therefore, I 
would just say it is not going to get worse since I think your question, Aditya was 
linked to pricing and the impact lower pricing might have on margins. And we've 
really kept our prices at the same level, including in the Express business, but our 
yields remain pretty much unchanged when you adjusted for segments. 
Aditya Mongia: 
I understood. And just a second question. It's been the second or third quarter 
wherein the company has been talking about certain kind of businesses that are 
moving out. I think this is the first time in the press release that you kind of 
mentioned this issue kind of cropping up for the past two, three quarters. 
Are we behind this phase? And should we be assuming that, that's broadly an 
exercise or do you think it's in the midst of some kind of course correction from a 
customer perspective? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Aditya, I think we are actually by and large done with the phase at the end of last 
quarter. So if you remember what I said at the end of last quarter, actually it said that 
we kind of pretty much done with it. Is there the customers don't announce do we get 
-- we agree with customers on a closure of a contract and then it typically does not 
close overnight. 
The contract run for a period of time. So what you've seen in Q3 is just the trailing 
impact of the closures that was done in Q1 and Q2. In Q3, there was no meaningful 
closure of that. From an agreement termination or agreement closure perspective, 
sites, which we agree to close in Q1, Q2 did go down in Q3. And that's kind of the 
impact we are seeing. I don't expect anything going forward on that. 
 
The challenge, of course, for us is it created a white space, which have been trying to 
get filled. But on a going forward basis, we'll actually not impact -- for the quarter -- 
as I said, despite some of those reductions, which have happened through the last 
two quarters and Q3 as well, we're still in the 3PL business shown year-on-year 
growth in revenue. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Understood. And just a last clarification, not a question. But when you give gross 
margins per square feet for the warehousing business, is the rental cost included 
inside this number? Or is it something taken below gross margin. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
It confirms to Ind AS 116. Let me just say that because not all our contracts 
basically, because some of the contracts as per Ind AS 116 would go into right to use 
asset line and some of our contracts which are less than one year, tend to go above 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
the RTU line. So it's hard for me to give you an exact number. If you contact us, we 
can tell you what are number or to give a range of numbers and rentals. 
 
Right, but as you know, the rental account on Ind AS is not just a change in line. It's 
not a line adjustment alone. We don't knock rentals off and the rental be knockoff is 
not necessary adjustment on the Ind AS 116 line on the RTU lines. So that's one 
factor. The second part is several of our contracts do not qualify for the restatement 
as per Ind AS, right? 
So that why we actually try to give you a trend line on the gross margin or yield for 
per square feet, let's say, we added that, I think, partially on requests from the 
analysts, so we could have called it out. And so let me stop there and see if that 
helped you or do you want some more details. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Maybe the only issue is that as the -- if we divide it to numbers or revenue per square 
feet and gross margin then come to a gross margin percentage, warehousing, even 
though and the rentals kind of below, in some cases, warehousing is still comparable 
in margins for the entire contract logistics business is about 12% or so, okay. 
So as one would have -- one would have thought so that warehousing is probably a 
high-margin business, but it seems as if it's kind of lower if we adjust for rentals data 
below. So just thought I kind of pick your brains on that one. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Yes, it's a fair point. Let me just come back on this. Just -- let me just come back to 
you. I think, however, yes, it's a good question. Aditya and I think that it's includes a 
fair point. Let me just -- we'll get your answer back on a clarification. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Sure, Thank You, those were my questions, Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank You, The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Dolat Capital. 
Abhishek: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, Rivigo loss is around INR98 crores in nine months 
versus a stand-alone profit of INR54 crores. And you're talking about the PAT 
breakeven at the end of quarter four FY25. So, there will be another PAT loss of 
around INR45 crores to INR50 crores in FY25. So are you not looking to close down 
or sell of this business as the leakage is quite big and a stand-alone business is not 
able to compensate it. So do you have any such plans? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Hi Abhishek, It's an interesting question. I think there are two different lenses here. 
One obviously is the short-term impact which you've raised Abhishek, and I want to 
completely confirm other estimates, because we assume that the run rate will 
continue for two more quarter and certainly become zero, which is not the way it 
will happen. It is under an improvement curve. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
But the -- and therefore, it's not probably going to be the INR45 crores number, 
which you could have referred. But that doesn't take away a broader question, I 
think, saying that the investment and this carry on the rest of the result is quite 
significant and does it require us to relook as part of the portfolio. And I view our 
position right now. 
 
The Board and I obviously review the businesses and the portfolio at a periodic basis 
across the entire company. But as far as this specific business is concerned, I think 
when we acquired the company, we grew most of our investments on a 7-year 
business plan. And we have -- we acquired this business, assuming they were 
growing very well because we're growing for a period of time. 
We acquired the company what we thought was a fairly attractive valuation 
adjusting for that work. So we acquired a company at INR220 crores, we have 
INR140-ish crores of consolidated -- cumulative loss till now or around INR100 
crores. And therefore, we invest another INR50 crores or INR60 crores of equity in 
loss. 
So overall, INR30 crores of equity. So overall, I think we are in the INR350-ish 
crores -- INR360 crores current investment level for the entire business. And we still 
-- and when we look at the valuation, we still feel that the -- we look at the business 
case, we still in the business case on a stand-alone basis actually remains quite 
attractive. 
 
The part truckload business is an interesting long-term debt. We think the business 
has a high growth potential on a stand-alone basis. And we should with profitable -- 
with improvement and expansion of network get to more comparable margins to the 
rest of the industry, which as you know, are better than the convention 3PLs 
margins. 
So in that sense, I think our business case and EBITDA still remain fairly consistent. 
Obviously, the result of the losses of extension or losses meant our IRRs have come 
down a little bit on the investment case, but we still feel very positive about the 
overall investment on a stand-alone basis. In addition to that, I think it is -- there is a 
significant synergy value for the rest of our business as we position our customers to 
be an end-to-end solutions there, obviously, on the fulfilment and distribution side, 
part truckload is a very important part of the business, right? And therefore, it is 
something which we remain very excited about. 
 
Obviously, given that it's an asset-light structure, you are seeing most of the cost of it 
in the P&L as opposed to being in the balance sheet. But typically, any business does 
require investment curve to actually be funded. There is interest peak levels of 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
utilization optimization. So it's still very much in line, though obviously delayed in 
terms of the broader business plan. 
Obviously, the core business, every time we get -- we try to grow into any business, 
our core business have to support that growth. And that's something which we've 
been working on and getting the core business' margins up is something which are 
explained in prior quarters, an addition of 9-month year-to-date basis, the core 
business is up 28% on a profitability level -- at a PAT level. 
So it is trending in the right direction, though this quarter was impacted by several 
factors, which I've outlined earlier. So I think from an overall portfolio perspective, 
we still believe it is a good balance. We need businesses which we think are 
individually strong and collectively synergistic, right? And all these businesses have 
been built out with that intent. 
 
Obviously, the pace and the quality of way we execute things on different 
businesses, both with internal and external factors have a carry on the quality of 
results from a quarter-to-quarter basis. But from a long-term business plan 
perspective, we still remain very optimistic about the individual and the collective 
value which this business will be. And I'm sure the proof of the putting it in entity 
we'll hopefully see it in the coming quarters. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. And sir, how much current quarterly volume of the Rivigo? And what volume 
is required to achieve EBITDA breakeven? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So Abhishek, I think what we said earlier on, last quarter, we had said several times, 
we're consistent because we're consistent about it. Last quarter we have said we are 
around 40% off our EBITDA increasing point, 35% to 40% off. We've crossed on 
11% of that from a delivered volume perspective this quarter. So we are around 20% 
to go. 
From an order intake perspective, we've done slightly better, but that's still not -- it 
has still not come into our financials. So we have around 20%, 25% more volume to 
grow, which is why we will require other two quarters to do that as a current 
number. 
Abhishek: 
And how you will get this much of volume, either of the network expense or 
increase in volume from the existing network? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
It's a common mix of both. I think through the integration, three levers, Abhishek, 
again which I've said earlier, we'll repeat again. And the first one, obviously, is we 
saw some of our customers drop their share of business to us, doing the integration 
because we had some issues. We are ploughing that back, and that's some part of that 
volume. The second one, obviously, is just expanding our -- with new accounts. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
 
As I mentioned earlier, we've add 23 new accounts in this quarter, and we are trying 
to grow trading with those accounts. And the third one is cross-selling and synergy 
with the rest of the MLL business obviously through the third-party logistics 
business and other components of freight forwarding. 
We have connections and relations with a wide set of customers. Almost every 
customer uses some part of the part loads business, similar to part loads business. So 
the cross-selling is a first big lever, which will drive that volume up. 
Abhishek: 
So your Rivigo franchisee model is paying a better role versus your on network. So 
what are you planning to expand this model? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
No, franchisees are around 30% of our volume, and that will remain broadly in that 
balance, Abhishek. The franchisee model is both in yield and line balancing model. 
We used the franchise is largely -- we have 270 branches which then serve 
franchisees across a market -- largely upmarket in rural areas. 
And obviously, that demand comes with better yield, it also allows us to do better 
line balance, right, of volume because sometimes we have forward lane, but we don't 
have reverse lane, the volume from large customers. So there is no -- so that program 
is intact and it continues to add roughly 25% to 30% of our volumes every month. 
Abhishek: 
 
 
Okay, thank you, that’s all from my side. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: ` 
Thank you, Abhishek  
Moderator: 
Thank You, before take the next question, we would like to request participants, to 
please limit your questions to two per participant and ask both questions together, for 
followup question you may rejoin the queue. We take the next question from the line 
of Krupashankar NJ from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Good Afternoon and thank you for the opportunity, my first question is on the freight 
forwarding operations. So just wanted to check, given the recent spike in free trades, 
given the Red Sea crisis. Are we seeing traction with respect to yields providing 
operations in the fourth quarter? And furthermore, I just wanted to understand -- on 
the second question, I wanted to understand on the warehousing side. 
 
So you did state that Ram that, there are some white spaces because of e-commerce 
contracts concluding. And we are also planning to add close to about 1 million-plus 
square feet space. So is it -- I mean, just wanted to check because typically, we're 
adding warehousing space based on the contract ramp-up? 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
And does it make sense to grow -- add more space at this particular pace what you 
have set for yourself? And given that the industry is not growing or rather the 
adoption is not going that path as one what we anticipated earlier? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
The freight forwarding piece to your question, yes. I think we've not seen too much 
of that. We do see an impact, obviously, in December. In January, we have seen an 
early-tailed Red Sea impact on some of, obviously, the lanes which go around the 
Atlantic lanes. And there's been obviously a sharp increase in rates to the extent we 
can get capacity. 
Capacity is also contracted quite significantly. And therefore, in the month of 
January, we have seen an uptick in improvement. I think it's still an open question of 
how long it will stay that way. As you know, this is kind of a post-major event – or 
event which has happened. 
So basis how geopolitics move in that area, the numbers that increase could tail off 
pretty quickly. But to your question, we have seen an improvement in January. As 
you can see in all global freight indexes already reflect that, and our own business is 
quite consistent with those trends. I think your second question on warehousing. 
 
Yes, as I said earlier, we generally operate around 3%, 3-3.5% white space, which is 
around 20 million square feet space. In our view, a reasonably healthy amount to 
keep because if everything we sold out, we have nothing to give to new customers, 
right? Due to the recent shutdown, Krupa and we had -- we shutdowns over Q2 and 
Q3 announcements in Q1 and Q2 and shutdown in Q2 and Q3That white space has 
probably gone up to 6% to 7%, right? And therefore, we are in the work -- in the 
process of filling up the white space. We have a reasonable pipeline in multiple 
locations. There are 1 or 2 locations, which are stickier than others, but we are 
obviously focused on in terms of filling those out. 
 
In terms of the new capacity additions we have announced, you at least -- we tend to 
look at the network in two parts, the network in terms of standard gateways of 
locations where we think -- which are -- they're consistent and we think has long-
term demand trends. So those places likes Kolkata and Guwahati, for example, or 
Chennai or Hyderabad or Bhiwandi for example, will be parts of those. And on those 
places we are building capacity from a long-term perspective, right? 
 
There's a trade-off between the pace of the capacity you build and the economics of 
it versus the price you pay for short term spot capacity, right? And there's also a 
15%, 20% spread in that. And so there's a balance which has to be maintained there. 
And finally you build capacity and time the capacity in appropriate way. So you are 
actually ensuring that you don't have too much of white space. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
 
We'll be able to do that through the first 4 million square feet of build out. This is a 
bit of a blip which has happened. And we do have a pipeline which we are hoping to 
then obviously execute and get those filled out in faster measure. When we build out 
these smaller towns, which is like in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, we build our multi-clients 
there. Those typically could done with very specific anchor tenants, which are 
clearly signed up and those anchor tenants are probably generating north of 60% to 
70% of volume. So when we announced 6.5 lakh square feet in Phaltan, in 
Maharashtra in 2 phases. 
 
A large part of that is already sold out, right? And therefore, we already have an 
anchor tenant who almost completely occupied. The same things to Nashik as well. 
We announced the launch of the 1 lakh square feet, which is getting filled up. It's 
already been sold and 3 lakh square feet, which we're building a fresh is also 
contacted or almost complete. 
 
So the idea is we go to Tier 1 cities and large demand clusters, we probably do try to 
put capacity ahead of the demand. We think that makes sense. It gives a significant 
economic benefit in doing that. But when it comes to Tier 2, Tier 3 cites, we tend to 
align the capacity point more towards the anchor tenant who is there. So for 
example, in Agartala, if we're building 1.2 lakhs, 30%, 60%, 70% of that will go to 
anchor and then we can't build around that. 
 
So that's a guess, I think in terms of the way we're doing it. So at this stage, we don't 
have near term -- we have near-term risks and exposures, but we do look at it very 
closely. And over the last 6 months, we have -- as you know, we have reduced 
making or building out programs unless we have some anchor-tenant, positions in all 
of them in terms of the newer infrastructure which is coming. 
 
On a related note, and I hope Aditya still on the call -- right. Just to clarify, I think 
for those of you who are listening on Aditya's question on Page 40 of the deck, 
which is upload on the website, you will find the margins and yields of warehousing 
and those numbers are pre Ind AS numbers I guess that's what Aditya was referring 
to, which is the 12% number. There's a footnote below the chart sheet, which 
actually alludes to fact of a pre Ind AS number. The post Ind AS will be larger; if 
you contact our Investor Relations team, we'll get the true numbers. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Got it. Thanks Ram, If I can ask one more question relating to what will be the 
contribution of Mahindra Group and what is the auto breakup for this quarter? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
I don't have probably the most specific number, but I think it's on 49% of our third-
party logistics business. So Krupa 49% of stand-alone business. The split roughly is 
the same 65% to 70% on automotive and 30% to 35% on farm. 
Krupashankar NJ: 
Okay, Thank You Ram, Thank You and all the best. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Alok Deshpande from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Hi Alok. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Hi Good Afternoon Ram, Two questions from my side, both on the Express 
business, one short term and one long term. So Ram, first question, this quarter, we 
did about INR96 crores of revenue on Express and INR22 crores EBITDA loss. Now 
when you're referring to that you are about 20% odd away from breakeven. So I'm 
guessing it's about INR115 crores, INR120 crores of quarterly revenue that you are 
targeting where the breakeven can happen. 
 
But are we saying that when we go from INR95 crores to INR120 crores, there will 
be absolutely zero escalation in the operating cost because that's the only way you 
can sort of break even at INR120 crores, right? So wouldn't the breakeven be a little 
bit more far out than INR115 crores, INR120 crores? That was the first question. 
And secondly, longer term, when this business stabilizes, I think maybe 2, 3, 4 years 
out, what sort of stable state margins that one can look for this business? Because 
where I'm coming from is, by the time this business breaks even, probably 
cumulatively, we would have had net losses of maybe INR200 crores, INR250 
crores on top of the acquisition value that we paid. So on an overall sort of capital 
employed of maybe INR450 crores, INR500 crores, what is the return on capital you 
should expect maybe 3 years out, 4 years out? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
So obviously, Alok, we are hypothesis a little bit here, but let me assure answering 
that. I think what I said earlier on still holds, we do believe that between after the 
INR800 crores revenue level, we expect to be at 3% to 4% PAT, beyond INR800 
crores, we'll probably see a further expansion in profit after tax level. So that's and 
answer to your second question. And I think where we stand at, we expect to be at 
INR800 crores in the next 3 years or so in terms of revenue uptick. 
In terms of the first part of your question, I think it is, obviously, mathematically 
accurate. What you said that we're expecting around INR30 crores. We are expecting 
around 15% -- 25% growth in volume which is around INR120 crores, INR122 
crores and at that level, how the EBITDA is going to be completely wiped out does it 
mean that every cent drops on EBITDA? So that was a fair question. 
But there are obviously puts and takes in that Alok. It's not a straightforward thing, 
right? So the inefficiencies in different lanes. So first of all, I think, obviously, we 
have a contribution margin around 15% to 16%. We expect that to be -- that to flow 
through completely to the bottom line. As I said earlier, our line haul fleets are 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
operating at fairly low utilization and therefore, getting -- it all depends on where 
demand comes on the right line haul lanes, but balancing that line haul utilization up 
to 85%, 90% is a second big part of that savings. 
And both of those should not come in significant cost acquisition, if you may, right? 
On the -- in the operating environment and both in pickup and delivery and in terms 
of the processing centres, we will probably see obviously some level of cost increase 
in the processing centres if they remain at the current level of efficiency. But they 
are also going to be offset by improvements in the pickup and delivery. 
 
As the volume goes better, we should be able to optimize both through technology 
and doing better milk run and so on and be able to reduce our PUD cost. So to that 
extent, I think you're right, we expect it will largely be accretive on the contribution 
and in line haul levels. There will be an interplay between pickup, delivery and 
processing costs, which have kind of land us in that same range. Obviously, there are 
some moving parts here, obviously, Alok. But those -- but that's kind of the high 
level 4 big levers in terms of improvement. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Sure. Understood, Ram. Ram, just one clarification. You said contribution margin of 
how much I missed the number? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
It's on 13%. I'm just checking. It's on 13%. 
Alok Deshpande: 
13%. And you said long-term margin of 3% to 4% on the PAT level, right? 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
PAT level, yes. Up to around INR800 crores of revenue. And beyond that, we should 
be able to see an inflection because obviously, volumes will go up and we'll get a 
higher level of utilization, you can change vehicle classes to 40% and so on. So 
different play comes in. And as you can see there's a bellwethers in the industry, they 
are probably 4 above -- probably 6.5, 7 lakh tons, we are probably in that range or 
even higher in terms of margins. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Sure. Thanks a lot, Ram, and all the very best. Very useful. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Rampraveen Swaminathan: 
Thank you all for joining us today. I hope we have been able to satisfactory answer 
all your questions. If you have any other further questions, please contact SGA, our 
Investor Relations firm or the office of the CFO as we will be able to get back on 
specific queries. 

mahindra 
LOGISTICS 
 
 
 
Mahindra Logistics Limited
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
We have taken some follow up queries from the call today, and we will reach out 
directly to those specific individuals on phones to provide them answers. Thank you 
all once again. We wish you all a good day ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Mahindra Logistics Limited, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
*************** 
