® 
¯ 
BLUE JET HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
REGISTERED & CORPORATE : 701 & 702, BHUMIRAJ COSTARICA, 
PLOT 1 & 2, SECTOR - 18, SANPADA, NAVI MUMBAI - 400705 
BLUEJET 
T:022-41840550/40037603 
IF: +91 22 27814204
E: sales@bluejethealthcare.com 
CIN NO.: L99999MH1968PLC014154 
Unit I 
HEALTHCARE 
February 14, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code (BSE): 544009 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza" 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: BLUEJET 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call with Analysts/Investors 
Dear Sir / Ma'am, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the Earnings Call with the Analysts/ Investors on the Financial Results for the third quarter and nine 
months ended 3pt December, 2023 held on February 9, 2024. 
The same is also available at: https://bluejethealthcare.com/investor-presentation/ 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Blue Jet Healthcare Limited
SWET A 
Digitally signed by
SWETA PODDAR 
Po D DAR 
Date: 2024.02.14
16:52:13 +05'30' 
Ms. Sweta Poddar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
3/2, Milestone, Kalyan Murbad Road, Village Varap, P.O. Box No. 5 , Shahad-421103 , Tel.: 91 251 2280283 Fax: +91 251 2280567 
Unit II 
Plot No. 8-12 , C-4, E-2, MIOC, Industrial Area, Chemical Zone, Ambernath (W) 421501. Tel.: +918956363877/8956363878 
Unit Ill 
K-4/1, Additional MIDC Road, Mah ad Industrial Area, Mah ad- 402309, Tel.: + 91 22 2207 5307 / 6192 / 1691 Fax : + 91 22 2207 0294
Email : info@blue;ethealthcare.com / Website : www.blue;ethearthcare.com 

BLUE JET HEALTHCARE 
“Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SHIVEN ARORA — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. V. K. SINGH — CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. GANESH KARUPPANNAN — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. SANJAY SINHA — DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADVAIT BHADEKAR — ERNST & YOUNG 
Page 1 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Moderator: 
Advait Bhadekar: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Shiven Arora: 
February 09, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Blue Jet Healthcare Limited Q3 FY ‘24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As 
a reminder, 
all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Advait Bhadekar from EY. Thank you and over to you 
sir, 
Thank you Yusuf. Good morming and a warm welcome everyone to Q3 and 9M FY ‘24 earnings 
call of Blue Jet Healthcare Limited. Please note, investor presentation and the financial results 
are available on the company website and the stock exchanges. 
Also, anything said on this call which reflects our outlook for the future or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that 
the company faces. The conference call is being recorded and the transcript along with the audio 
of the same will be made available on the website of the company as well as on the exchanges. 
Please also note that the audio of the conference call 
is 
a copyright material of Blue Jet 
Healthcare Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press or media without 
specific and written consent of the company. 
From the management, we have with us today Mr. Shiven Arora, Managing Director, Mr. V.K. 
Singh, Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Ganesh Karuppannan, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Sanjay Sinha, Deputy Chief Financial Officer. 
Now I request Mr. Ganesh Karuppannan, Chief Financial Officer of Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
to provide you with updates on the quarter. Over to you sir. 
Good morning everybody. Before we start with the performance of Q3, I would now request Mr. 
Shiven to give you a brief about the Mahad incident and then we will actually get into the 
performance review. 
Good morning and a warm welcome to all. We had informed about this incident that took place 
in Mahad on the investor call dated 12, November 2023. The incident took place in Unit 3 in 
Mahad and the incident was localized in a particular block. Our foremost concern was the loss 
of life due to the accident which can never be compensated. Our responsibility is towards the 
families who had lost a member in their family and the compensation was paid to them. Injured 
persons have been treated and are now discharged. 
We had received an order to stop production in the impacted site that is Unit 3 from MPCB. The 
suspensioning process of the affected area is started and will take another six weeks. As on 
today, we have received the approval to initiate the capex activities in Unit 3. 
Page 2 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
February 09, 2024 
Our original plan was to move the production of raw material that we are currently importing to 
in-house which remains intact in Unit 3. We expect this block to be validated by Q3 FY ‘25. We 
will also add another block for multi-production as per plan. 
We do expect this block to be validated by QI FY ‘26. We are in continuous communication 
with all the regulatory agencies and cooperating with them in the inquiry process. Consequent 
to this incident, we are re-validating the safety system to identify the gaps in all locations 
wherever required. 
Certain additional equipment and systems were installed to ensure the highest level of safety 
standards. We are also undertaking 
a complete systemic review of all safety systems and 
renowned consultants are engaged to conduct the risk assessment and suggest best-in-class 
practices including safety training. We have made a change in the organization by bringing ina 
safety senior resource with responsibility of safety of all our units. 
We have ensured properties of the unit. Loss assessment is being carried out and a final report 
is expected. As a prudence measure, we have taken property damage as a loss in the P&L and 
will reverse it on the admissibility of the claim by the insurer. 
As an important business update, I would like to highlight two opportunities that we were closely 
tracking and have touched an important milestone at a customer's end in December. Such as a 
label expansion for the cardiovascular drug which is an NCE molecule and an NCE intermediate 
in the MRI space. 
These were two important credible opportunities for Blue Jet Healthcare as well. And we were 
doing capex in Unit 2 in the past 12 months. So this capacity build-up would be ready for 
validation in QI FY ‘25 to meet up with the growing requirements of our customers in these two 
specific areas such as the pharma intermediate space in the CDMO business and the contrast 
media. 
On this note, 
I would like to pass on to Mr. Ganesh to explain more about the financial 
performance. 
Hi, we have uploaded our performance in our website for you to have a detailed understanding. 
We will be sharing certain key highlights in this business call for your assessment. We will start 
with sales. 
The nine months of current year sales is higher by 5%, compared to the previous year. During 
this nine month, contrast media grew by 8%. Artificial sweetener category de-grew by 33%. 
This is on account of dumping of products by Chinese manufacturers at a very low price which 
has impacted our sales. We are still maintaining our prices. So we are actually not getting into 
this price war at this stage. 
The pharmaceutical intermediate business grew by 194% with commercialization of a high- 
value intermediate for API under patent till 2031 
for cardiovascular therapeutic category. 
Page 3 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
February 09, 2024 
Company hopes to see increase in sales volume in coming quarters. This could offset the de- 
growth in artificial sweetener business. 
During the current quarter Q3 of FY ‘24, the total turnover dropped by 1%. Contrast media and 
artificial sweetener de-grew by 8% and 35% respectively while PI grew by 250%. We would 
like to highlight few key events in Q3 which had an impact on our operation. 
We revalidated our safety systems in all the units with the support of external agencies after 
Mahad incident. This had an impact on the production during Q3 FY ‘24. In addition, during 
Q3, the Red Sea situation contributed 
to longer delivery timelines for our door delivery 
customers with marginal increase in shipping cost. Normally what takes 35 days to 40 days for 
delivery now is around 60 days to 70 days. So this is actually having an impact on our revenue 
recognition for door delivery customers. 
We will talk about few key products in terms of performance as well as how we outlook for the 
next couple of quarters. Our contrast media customer for intermediate for NCE increased their 
uptake in the first nine months for their supplies to the US territory. You may recall we supply 
intermediates to one of the NCE. The innovator got the approval in the beginning of '23, calendar 
'23 and the supplies we were able to show significant jump compared to previous year. 
They got the approval for marketing the same in Europe in December '23. We expect the traction 
in the uptake from Q2, Q3 of FY ‘25 once the marketing effort stabilizes both in US and Europe. 
We have one more new product launch in the contrast media. We have actually shipped the 
validation quantity in Q3 and the product is expected to be validated in this quarter. On 
completion of the regulatory process at the customer end, we expect the commercial volume to 
start from Q2, Q3 of FY ‘25. 
Now we will also talk about the situation with our intermediate supplies to the innovator 
cardiovascular space. Our innovator customer has demonstrated a sustainable growth. While we 
have started supplies in Q2 in this financial year, we hope to see increase in sales quarter-on- 
quarter. An increased uptake in FY ‘25 is planned out in our unit at Ambernath. 
We would have completed the investment plan in a new block by March, April of this calendar 
year and the facility will be ready for validation in QI, 
'25. The commercialization of the 
increased quantity is expected from Q2, ‘25. So this is a critical event we are actually looking 
out for. 
We would also like to give a quick update on our existing products in the contrast media space. 
We believe the potential for contrast media is on the race and expect few of our customers to 
strategize capacity planning for the future, which may result in planned slowdown in production 
to debottlenecking of capacities in the short to medium term. Once the capacity planning at the 
customer end is addressed, we believe our customer's need for contrast media intermediate will 
increase in the long run. 
Now moving to artificial sweetener, we decided not to drop prices in the current scenario and 
will be opportunistic. We will continue to stay where we are now in this category. Considering 
Page 4 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Moderator: 
February 09, 2024 
the market situation, 
to maintain few customers which having 
a consistent consumption 
company may soften the price to some extent in order to regain market share. Company is also 
in the process of targeting new customers in Europe and US as well as developing other sorts of 
saccharin such as calcium saccharin. 
Now moving on to profitability, if you look at the gross margin, thanks to the softening of raw 
material prices, for the nine months we are around 57.5% of gross margin. We could actually 
see the overall trend in raw material price easing off. 
As far as the operating costs are concerned, our focus on non-renewable energy sources helped 
us to reduce the power cost by 1% and the favorable ocean freight for most part of the year also 
reduced our operating cost. Marginal increase in salaries and wages was offset by the savings. 
So, we are able to sustain our overall operating cost at a consistent basis. 
During the quarter, we took an extraordinary item. The compensation paid to the families of the 
casualties of in excess of INR3 crores has been taken as a charge to the P&L. This would be a 
one-time impact. The balance is on account of loss of property at Mahad. While the survey is 
going on, we have taken a 
hit in the P&L and it will be reversed once the insurer admits this 
claim, which we expect somewhere in Q4 FY24 to QI of FY ‘25. 
In terms of liquidity, as of 31, December, we have a cash-in investment of INR237 crores. On 
the Capex, our solar project got completed by December and we were able to integrate it with 
the grid by January '24. We have invested close to INR30 crores in this and we do expect more 
than 60% of our total power requirement should come from our renewable energy source and 
this could be a good amount of savings way forward. 
We expect our capex in Amarnath to be completed by March-April with an outlay of close to 
INR90 crores to INRLO0 crores. As I mentioned earlier, we should be validating this facility by 
QI FY ‘25. We are also in the process of making our EC application for a greenfield site. 
We actually will be fast-tracking our investment in this new greenfield site and we do expect 
traction in FY ‘25 and we should expect this facility by FY '26. We have talked separately about 
Mahad investment and currently the total outlay for this is going to be around INR250 crores. 
But the split between FY ‘24 and FY *25 will be largely dependent on when the site is ready for 
investment. I think today, the site is yet to be dismantled and once we get that requisite approval, 
it will be dependent on that. 
In terms of Profit After Tax, Q3 we dropped to 19%. This is predominantly because of the 
extraordinary item and if you look at nine-month ended, including the extraordinary item, our 
PAT is around 23% compared to 21% of the previous year. 
We are now ready for the Q&A. 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Sanjesh 
Jain from ICICI Securities. Please proceed. 
Page 5 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Sanjesh Jain: 
VK Singh: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
VK Singh: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
February 09, 2024 
Good morning sir. Thanks for taking my question. I have a few of them. First on the new launch 
of PI API, which has been highlighted in the presentation, can you give more detail on what is 
this product? When is this expected to be shipped and booking of revenue will start? 
Sanjesh, as you are aware, this intermediate goes for a cardiovascular end-use product to the 
innovator. The product 
is protected by 
a patent till 2030 and another year of marketing 
exclusivity. 
Supplies had commenced for this product in the last quarter of the previous year and you would 
have seen an uptick in the performance of this third business vertical, that is the PI vertical. As 
we speak, the supplies are ongoing, but there is going to be a significant uptick in the volumes, 
and for which the new capacity that we were adding in our Unit 2, that is USFDA approved at 
Ambernath, that new capacity would be on stream in quarter 
| of FY ‘25. That's a time when 
there will be a significant uptick in the revenue from the product as well. 
I think there are good tidings on the market as far as the molecule is concerned. The Esperion, 
the innovator, has been granted a label updation and with this label updation happening, the 
addressable market for the molecule increases manifold. We are, however, sticking to the 
original projections that we had discussed about and not factoring in any of this uptick that could 
come from the label updation that's happened. 
You would have also seen that there has been an amicable settlement with Daiichi Sankyo. So I 
think as far as the innovator and the molecule are concerned, there is alot of positive news. 
Fair enough. So we were in the process of expanding that and that expanded capacity will come 
in QI ‘25 and hence we expect an uptick from Q1 ‘25, that's the broad assumption? 
Yes. 
Fair enough. Second on the MRI thing and one which we have sent for the validation, 
I think 
MRI thing has also received European Union approval. When should that materially start 
contributing to the contrast media? And second question related to contrast media is on the 
validation quantities we have sent. When should we hear a response from the customer and when 
should we actually look at the commercial supplies on a regular basis? 
Yes. Starting off with the first update on the NCE intermediate for the MRI space. So as a 
company we have been supplying the advanced intermediate from Phase 3 to the customer and 
been a very strong partner in the overall success. We've been adding up capacities into for this 
particular candidate and in QI FY ‘25 this plant will be validated. However, the commercial 
offtake should perhaps increase from Q2 FY ‘25 for this particular NCE intermediate. On the 
generic intermediate for the iodinated space, this was an important milestone for us as a company 
to supply this validation quantities. 
Depending on the stability studies and the time required by them, I think our best estimate would 
be Q2, Q3 FY ‘25 for a significant ramp-up when it comes to this particular candidate. It can 
happen earlier as well but we are being conservative when it comes to this particular outlook. 
Page 6 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
VK Singh: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
VK Singh: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
February 09, 2024 
Will we be dependent on the Mahad side to come up for these product ramp-ups or we have 
enough capacities in Ambernath to support all this expansion? 
It is safe to confirm that these two NCE opportunities, both CDMO linked for contrast media 
and the cardiovascular space are purely coming from Unit 
2 Ambernath and not linked to the 
Mahad site. 
So all the three products which is NCE for MRI and the generic iodine and the cardiovascular, 
all the three will be serviced from the existing capacity or an expanded capacity from the Unit 
2, Ambernath? 
Correct. 
Got it. What is your plan for Mahad in that case because we are incurring a large capex of 
INR250 crores. So what are the plans for Mahad and what is the utility or utilisation we are 
looking for in Mahad? 
So Mahad, the immediate action plan was a block for backward integration and contrast media. 
Fortunately, the pricing of the raw material has favoured us for the company so backward 
integration will happen by Q3 FY ‘25, that is block number 1. And the other block would be a 
multipurpose intermediate block for the CDMOs, the opportunities that we are tracking both in 
contrast media and the pharma intermediate space for different therapeutic categories such as 
cardiovascular, CNS and oncology. So these are two large multipurpose blocks that we are 
developing in this particular site in Unit 3. 
Thanks. Can you talk about the pipeline as well because I think the capex plan looks quite large. 
So in that contrast, can you help us understand what is the pipeline we are looking at or having 
in our R&D which gives us the confidence and the visibility for the large capex in Mahad? 
Sanjesh, as you know we had expanded our R&D. We had expanded, we had doubled the 
hardware and we had also doubled the number of people. There is a pipeline for contrast media 
as we have spoken in the past, four or five new opportunities are building up in contrast media. 
On artificial sweeteners also, we are developing a couple of new artificial sweeteners. The most 
interesting piece isin the PI segment where something that was incubated about three years, four 
years back has now fructified and we see the uptake in the PI vertical business. But besides that 
also we are working on four to five very significant and credible opportunities in the PI segment 
with client visibility. So the capex and capacity that we are putting up, 
I would say, already has 
good visibility and would very quickly get to a very decent scale of utilization. 
Got it, sir. One last question from my side. 
Just to add, as you know that the company has been built on chemistry platforms. We have added 
two or three new chemistry platforms as well which will help make our pipeline more robust. 
And which are these chemistries? One we were into the isophthalic and nitration. Which are 
these chemistries? 
Page 7 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
VK Singh: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
VK Singh: 
Moderator: 
Bansi Desai: 
Shiven Arora: 
Bansi Desai: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Bansi Desai: 
Shiven Arora: 
Bansi Desai: 
February 09, 2024 
For example, we have added a pyrophoric chemistry, we have added an enzymatic chemistry 
and we have also commenced some work on the starting elements for proteins. 
Okay. Proteins in the sense which goes into the supplements and all? 
No, not that. The amino acids. But this is all in very inception phase but work is on. 
Next question is from the line of Bansi Desai from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
My first question is on contrast media. We have seen a sequential decline here. Is this in part 
due to the planned shutdown which you mentioned? How long do we expect this impact to be 
seen in the business? 
So, I think as a segment overall, this contrast media is quite significant. And what we learn from 
our customers is that there is a strong capacity expansion plan for manufacturing API at their 
respective geographies. Which has led to an immediate softening in terms of the offtake. But 
when it comes to the overall growth outlook, 
it seems very positive in this particular segment 
because the overall segment is expanding quite significantly. The impact for us could be limited 
to Q4 of FY ‘24. But with the new ramp-up of the NCE intermediates, we could see a strong 
recovery starting QI FY ‘25. 
Okay. But despite this shutdown, there was no need for the innovator to stock the inventory or 
that has been managed with our past supply? 
It is actually managed more with our past supplies. So, there are a couple of points. 
I think one 
is on the Red Sea impact. Our dispatchers are also now getting impacted. Like what used to take 
35 days, 40 days, now it is taking 70 days. So, you would actually see a revenue recognition 
challenge in Q4 because this is a door delivery consignment. 
So, unless it reaches the destination, we cannot take it as an income. So, we already saw a good 
amount of impact in Q3. And given the Red Sea situation, 
I believe you would see this trend 
continuing in Q4. And looking at the production plans of our customers, you would actually see 
a softening for Q4. Probably, it can extend to a part of Q1 also of next financial year. 
Okay. But then, the improved growth, when should one start seeing that? I would believe that 
we should be then kind of tracking more than what we did probably in the last two years to three 
in this particular segment? 
Yes, 
I think when we hear about the aggressive capacity expansion plans by our customers, the 
ramp-up is quite significant. And Q1, Q2, you will see a good recovery in this particular space. 
Okay. Noted. And my second question is on PI API. Shiven, you guys have ambitious targets, 
upgrading this segment. 
It is a small business as of today. 
I mean, last year, 
it contributed to 
INR30 crores, INR34 crores of revenues. We had ambitions of taking this to 10x, 15x in two 
years to three years' time. A large part of that was set to be driven by this promising intermediate, 
for Espirion. So, do we still stand by that? Does that still remain a material contributor in our 
target? 
Page 8 of 15

@) BLUE JET HEALTHCARE 
Shiven Arora: 
Bansi Desai: 
Shiven Arora: 
Bansi Desai: 
Shiven Arora: 
Moderator: 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Shiven Arora: 
Purva Jhaveri: 
Moderator: 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
February 09, 2024 
Yes, absolutely. 
I think with the recent approvals by the regulatory agencies and the label 
expansion claims that are quite evident right now, 
I think there is a good amount of traction in 
this particular molecule. But we are also tracking a few other late-stage NCEs that could be a 
growth driver in this particular category. 
I mean, we saw 250% growth in this particular vertical, 
and it's quite healthy. It has a low base effect, but at the same time, there's a good traction in the 
opportunities that we are tracking. 
But sequentially, when 
I see, the uptick is probably not to the extent that one would have 
anticipated, because last quarter, I guess, we had issues on the customer side, which led to delays 
in validation. So, is that resolved? And if that's the case, then why the ramp-up has not been 
material? 
I think the delay in the last quarter was, of course, attributed to Part 
1 would be the validation, 
but also for us as 
a company to re-look at the safety systems, not only in Mahad, but the other 
sites as well. So, 
it was a conscious decision made by the company to maybe slow down the 
productions, but at the same time, re-looking at the safety was our utmost concern. 
Okay. And when you mentioned about the label expansion opportunity not factored in your 
numbers, so when we think about these opportunities, you mean to say, once the label expansion 
approval comes through this particular year, we see upsides to our forecast? 
I mean, 
I think all I can confirm right now is that the capacity built-up that we were undertaking 
in Unit 2 for these few NCE intermediates, I think that with these positive news by the regulatory 
agencies, we will be able to fulfill the capacity that were being built for FY ‘25 and FY *26. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Purva Jhaveri from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
So, I was asking you about the sharp moderation in revenue and sweetener business. So, can you 
just give an outlook over here? 
Today, in the sweetener business that is actually a dumping of product by China. We actually 
like have two categories of customers. One is the typical CDMO with FMCG clients and the 
spot market. Today we are actually not focusing more on the spot market. Because we don't want 
to actually, like, get into this prices. So, as long as we have this Chinese import, the spot market 
is going to be a challenge. Our strategy is to focus more on the long-term CDMO customers and 
reserve our capacity for this. You would actually see this trend maybe for another two quarters 
to three quarters. Till then, we come and replace it with another FMCG client. 
I think that's our 
long-term goal. 
Okay. And I wanted to ask you another thing. Can you just give a guidance on what will be the 
capex cycle going ahead? 
Capex, 
I think we had indicated unit-wise in our opening remarks. 
Okay. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritika from Value Quest. Please go ahead. 
Page 9 of 15

@) BLUE JET HEALTHCARE 
Ritika: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Ritika: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Ritika: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Ritika: 
Shiven Arora: 
Ritika: 
Moderator: 
Darshan: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Darshan: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Darshan: 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
February 09, 2024 
Thank you for taking my question. First question is on Pharma Intermediate. We talked about 
this new intermediate for Espiron. Capacity ramp up on that. Could you broadly highlight what 
was the capacity or peak capacity earlier? What was there with us and how much are we 
increasing the capacity on this Espiron drug? 
See, our capacities are fungible. So, we actually will not be sharing those information product- 
wise. 
Sure. Second question is on capex plan. 
I know it was highlighted earlier on the Greenfield as 
well. But broadly, up till now, Q3, what kind of capex have we done? What's our guidance for 
‘24 and ‘25 as well, including this Greenfield site? 
See, for FY ‘24, it will be around INR160 crores because our investments in Mahad is getting 
pushed to FY ‘25. And for the next financial year, we should be targeting approximately INR200 
crores to INR220 crores. 
Okay. So, could you give us a number on what we've spent for Ambernath Unit 2 for this new 
capacity for NCE MRI plus this Espiron? 
Close to INRL00 crores. That we mentioned it in the initial conversation. INR90 crores to 
INR1O0 crores is the number we are looking at. 
Sure, sir. And lastly, on the new iodinated contrast media intermediate that we are talking about 
to be validated by this quarter. Broadly, what would be the sense on ramp-up? How big this drug 
could be for us? Anything that you could share with us? 
So, it is an established market for a very old contrast media API in the iodinated space. And the 
quantity and volume and price have been signed off with the customer and we have stability on 
that front. So, the ramp-up could be quite aggressive from us as a company. 
Sure. Thanks a 
lot. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshan from Multi Act. Please go ahead. 
My question is on end market size of new advanced pharma intermediate that we have talked 
about. The validation batch that we sent in the Q3. If you could broadly highlight that. 
You are talking of the pharma intermediate, right? 
No, not pharma intermediate, contrast media. Iodine-based contrast media formulation market 
size. 
This is the generic contrast media you are talking about? 
Yes. 
Page 10 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Darshan: 
Moderator: 
Ganesh Nagarsekar: 
Shiven Arora: 
Ganesh Nagarsekar: 
Moderator: 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Shiven Arora: 
February 09, 2024 
In my assessment, this should be probably around 10% of the iodinated space. 10% to 12% of 
the iodinated space. 
Okay, thanks. That's it from my side. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ganesh Nagarsekar from Bharat Bet Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Two questions from my side. The first is on the contrast media intermediate. Our clients there 
are fairly concentrated. So I just wanted to check if there is any intent and ability from the client 
to backward integrate and if you kind of see that as a potential risk for the business? 
And the second is on the sweetener side of things. Just wanted to check with respect to the 
Chinese competition coming in. Do these guys have any kind of major cost advantage over us 
or are they basically selling below cost? And could we change anything in our cost structure to 
make the product more competitive? 
So 
I think you are absolutely nght when it comes to contrast media space, the customers are 
fairly concentrated to three or four global names. And some of these names rely on our abilities 
of backward integration. Today in some of the select intermediates in contrast media, we have a 
world leadership position. To an extent, if there is a requirement and spare capacity, we will 
export to China. So I think the long term plan would be to further expand their API capacities to 
meet with the customers and rely on CDMO partners like us for the intermediate requirements. 
When it comes to artificial sweeteners, 
I think there are various benefits offered to the Chinese 
exporters. So I think in the short term, they would have a cost advantage. But in the long term, 
the quality that we offer and the price for a few select large consumers of artificial sweeteners 
in the oral healthcare space and beverages rely on us. So I feel that we should be seeing a good 
recovery when it comes to the saccharin supplies going forward. 
Understood. Thanks a lot, sir. That's it from my side. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital. Please proceed. 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. First question is on our key contrast media molecule 5- 
ABHPL. So I want to understand what percentage of the total requirement 
is coming from India? 
And if this is a significant number, what does India and also Blue Jet have to offer over China 
and other places that makes us more competitive in this space? 
I think it's very difficult to comment on the supplier base for this particular intermediate or others 
as well. 
But at the same time, 
Blue Jet as 
a company 
is well-positioned to supply this 
intermediate in the long term with this base of backward integration and also adding up another 
critical raw material that will be useful, that will come up from Unit 3 Mahad. It only strengthens 
our position as a supplier to these innovators. 
Page 11 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Shiven Arora: 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
February 09, 2024 
Understood. Also, I was looking at your historical numbers and I saw that in FY '20, there's been 
a large jump in our profitability. So, if you would explain what this because of the ramp-up in 
5-ABHPL and what exactly changed in that year in terms of pricing, cost structure, etcetera? 
I think this particular jump was not only attributed by this particular intermediate that you 
referred to. 
I think as a company, we scaled up the manufacturing operations, bought in some 
automation with the help of our customers. And this was a well-designed plant in which we 
could get best-in-class recoveries, which we were not getting in FY ‘19. And FY ‘20 was the 
execution 
of 
a 
large 
continuous 
plant, 
semi-continuous 
plant 
for these 
contrast media 
intermediates, which resulted in a good bottom line. 
Got it. Lastly, for the three molecules that you highlighted, cardio and cardio-intermediate, MRI 
NCE-intermediate, and iodine-space generic intermediate, and you mentioned that you are 
spending roughly INR100 crores in Ambernath. 
Is 
it fair to assume that the peak revenue 
potential just from this INR100 crores is roughly INR300 crores, assuming the gross asset turn 
remains the same as on today? 
And also, 
do we have customer guarantees for offtake of these molecules? 
I mean, some 
negotiated amount of X crores supplies, etcetera? 
I think first, if you really look at our sales realization, we have the pricing is from 1X to it can 
even go up to 80X. So it's sometimes very difficult to actually make an asset turnover. If you're 
actually making a very high-value product, the asset turnover for that particular block could be 
significantly higher. So I would not like to standardize a turnover ratio because of this mix of 
low-value as well as high-value products, what we have in our basket. 
I think it will be difficult 
to generalize. 
I think to me, that's number one. 
Second, we get into a long-term supply agreement. 
I don't think we have a guarantee from the 
manufacturer. 
I think if you appreciate the pharma business, 
I think once a particular product is 
in the final output, it becomes difficult for somebody to change the source. Indirectly, 
I would 
actually put that as a sort of a comfort or a guarantee. But in the industry, 
I don't think there is 
any sort of a guarantee which is given by the customer. 
Fair enough. Lastly, just one question. For the Mahad INR250 crores capex, can you split it in 
the backward integration block and the new CDMO block, just a rough guidance? 
A significant portion actually goes in the utilities, as you will appreciate in the pharmaceutical 
sector. Your effluent, your boiler, your substations, stores. We are actually redoing the entire 
infrastructure. And there will be two additional blocks, one for a backward integration of our 
raw material and one is a multiproduct block. Normally, a production block should be in the 
range of INR80 crores to INRLO0 crores. The remaining actually goes into the utilities. You 
cannot actually ignore the utility, especially when you are actually upgrading 
it to 
a larger 
capacity. 
Page 12 of 15

@) BLUE JET HEALTHCARE 
Moderator: 
Bansi Desai: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Bansi Desai: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Bansi Desai: 
VK Singh: 
Bansi Desai: 
VK Singh: 
Moderator: 
Ritika: 
Shiven Arora: 
Ritika: 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
February 09, 2024 
Thank you. We have our next follow-up question from the line of Bansi Desai from 
JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead. 
Just one question on gross margins. How should we think about these trending? Because 
sweetener business has declined for us, but then API should pick-up from here. At the same 
time, the backward integration plans for some of the key molecules could get delayed because 
of Mahad. Given these pushes and pulls, how should we think about the margin trend going 
forward? 
With the reduction in one of our key raw material, we should be in a position to sustain the 57%, 
58% margin, at least for a couple of quarters. 
I think to me that is number one. Based on the 
offtake of the innovative product in the PI API segment, there could be a marginal impact. 
Maybe in the long run, there could be a couple of percent reduction in the gross margin. 
Okay. Sustainable levels should be closer to 55% and the 57% could continue to grow? 
In the medium term, it should be around in that category. 
Okay. One question on Espiron on earlier in the year, they did mention, or they did allude that 
in order to improve their profitability, they could look to completely shift the manufacturing 
responsibility to Daichi. Have you guys had any sort of conversations around this or have you 
received any communication on these lines from them? 
I think we are not privy to any information on that and we may not be able to share much. But 
what is in public domain, what they are talking about is the manufacturing of the licensed 
product. And by licensed product, if you will see the definition, 
it means the pharmaceutical 
product. So, 
I would say, it is reasonable to assume that they are talking about the formulation. 
Okay. And for this particular intermediate, we are the primary supplier, nght? 
Yes, we are. 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Ritika from Value Quest. Please proceed. 
So, an extension of the earlier participant's question. As we are the primary supplier of this 
pharma intermediate, do we have enough capacity or plans in place? If the formulation offtakes 
with the updated label expansion, do we have enough capacity to cater to increase in sales or 
increase in supplies that would be required? 
In the immediate ramp-up, what the customer is expecting, 
I think that should be an immediate 
milestone for us to achieve and cater to that in a timely manner. But going forward, we are in 
close contact with the customer needs and requirements and our capacities will evolve as the 
capacities are fungible in nature and expandable. 
Right. And by primary supplier, we should be thinking that 70% around or 70%, 80% of the 
demand for this intermediate should be coming to Blue Jet? Is that how we should be thinking? 
Page 13 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Shiven Arora: 
Moderator: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Shiven Arora: 
Moderator: 
Nitesh Dutt: 
February 09, 2024 
Would not like to paint a picture on a particular number, but as a primary and majority supplier, 
that should qualify as being very credible and important to the customer. 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
I got one on the backward integration for the contrast media. Now that the prices of APD itself 
has fallen very sharply, going into a backward integration, do you assume the benefit, which we 
would have assumed earlier, will be significantly lower due to the backward integration? How 
should we see it? Because I think gross margins have scaled up to 57%, 58%? 
Absolutely right. 
I think it's a very good question you've raised. 
I think the current pricing levels 
are similar to the FY ‘22 levels. And in FY ‘23, there was a significant increase in the raw 
material prices. However, our plan to backward integrate dates back to FY ‘21. So, the plan that 
has been designed will definitely beat the existing supplier. And it just gives us further stability 
and predictability in terms of the overall supplies to our advanced intermediates. 
Got it. One last bit on the artificial sweetener. When do you think these revenues will stabilize? 
And China competition, I don't think it's going very soon. So, what's our plan exactly to see that 
we scale back our artificial sweetener business in the next 12 months to 18 months? 
I think our efforts towards increasing the contractual revenues are ongoing. And that can happen 
by increasing the wallet share with the existing suppliers, but also by adding up new customers. 
And we have received some positive updates from a few FMCG players. So, our intent and we 
aspire to grow this category by not just seeing a strong recovery in the saccharine space, but by 
also adding up a few other sweeteners, which would be another CDMO opportunity with a large 
player. So, we are developing some other sweeteners as well. 
Is it in the saccharine itself or will it be a different sweetener altogether? 
At this point in time, it would be another sweetener altogether. But an established name. 
Okay. So, we are expanding this in terms of your portfolio. 
Yes, because similar customer profile and this helps us to expand into adjacencies. And this has 
been brought up by them only. So, we are just working on the bench to further optimize the 
process and be more competitive before we initiate the capex. 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Just one question. You mentioned that gross margins over a longer term should see a couple of 
points reduction, like 55% of the sustainable level. At the same time, we are doing backward 
integration as well. So, 
I just want to understand why you feel that gross margins will come 
down in the longer term? 
Page 14 of 15

BLUE JET 
HEALTHCARE 
Blue Jet Healthcare Limited 
Shiven Arora: 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Moderator: 
Ganesh Karuppannan: 
Shiven Arora: 
Moderator: 
February 09, 2024 
I think the prediction right now is fairly conservative. 
I think we want, firstly, the capex that we 
are doing for backward integration to stabilize. The catch-up could be aggressive as well. But at 
the same time, the estimates given by Mr. Ganesh would be true and correct at this point in time. 
All right. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. 
I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Thank you very much for your participation. We will see you in the next investor call for Q4. 
Thank you. 
Thank you all. 
Thank you. On behalf of Blue Jet Healthcare Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document was edited for readability purpose.) 
Page 15 of 15
