RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
Date: 25t January, 2024 
To 
To 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P] Towers 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai- 400051 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532527 
NSE SYMBOL: RKFORGE 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Announcement under Regulation 
30 
of the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations. 2015 - Transcript of Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call 
This is further to our intimation dated 15% [anuary, 2024 w.r.t earnings conference call 
with the Analysts/ Investors for Q3 
of FY 2023-24 Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated). 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and 
Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, 
please 
find enclosed 
herewith 
the 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q3 of FY 2023-24 Financial Resulis with the 
Analysts/Investors, held on Thursday, 18t January, 2024 at 04:30 P.M. (1.5.T). 
Same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
www.ramkrishnaforgings.com. 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours truly, 
For Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
Rajesh Mundhra 
Company Secretary & Complian 
ACS: 12991 
Encl: As above 
- 
REGISTERED & CORPORATE OFFICE 
<l 
23 CIRCUS AVENUE, KOLKATA 700017, WEST BENGAL, INDIA 
PHONE 
: (+91 334082 0900 / 7122 0900, FAX : (+91 33)4082 0998 / 7122 0998, EMAIL : info@ramkrishnaforgings.com, WEB 
: www.ramkrishnaforgings.com 
CIN NO. :L74210WB1981PLC034281
RAJESH 
MUNDHRA
Digitally signed by 
RAJESH MUNDHRA 
Date: 2024.01.25 
17:51:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Ramkrishna Forgings Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARESH JALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
MR. LALIT KUMAR KHETAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
MR. CHAITANYA JALAN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH MUNDHRA – COMPANY SECRETARY, 
VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE), RAMKRISHNA FORGINGS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAIMIN DESAI – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY24 Results Conference Call of 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jaimin Desai from Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jaimin Desai: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global, I would like to welcome you 
all to this Earnings Call of Ramkrishna Forgings Limited. 
I would like to welcome the Management and thank them for this opportunity. We have with us 
today, Mr. Naresh Jalan - Managing Director; Mr. Lalit Kumar Khetan – Whole-Time Director 
and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Chaitanya Jalan – Whole-Time Director and Mr. Rajesh 
Mundhra - Company Secretary and Vice President (Finance). 
I shall now hand over the call to Mr. Lalit Kumar Khetan for the “Opening Remarks.” Over to 
you, sir. 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
Thank you, Jaimin. Good evening and welcome to everyone present on the call. I wish you all a 
very happy New Year from the entire team of Ramkrishna Forgings. I hope you all have got an 
opportunity to go through our “Financial Results and Investor Presentation,” which have been 
uploaded on the Stock Exchange as well as on the Company’s website. 
I am pleased to report that our Company has a strong Q3 and 9-month FY24. 
The Commercial Vehicle segment: 
The crucial pillar of the national economy is undergoing a significant transformation. This is 
fueled by technology, mega trends such as alternative fuels, electrification and industry 
modernization. Factors such as the surge in online retailing, government policies, logistics 
services and expanded network of improved highways, industrial growth, all these contribute to 
the strategic growth of this segment. We, at Ramkrishna Forgings, are flexible and we consider 
ourselves an organization that tries on challenges. We take advantage of opportunities that come 
our way, such as expanding our business, improving productivity and making sure our customers 
are satisfied. We have become an important part of the global market, even though the world 
economy is a little weak right now. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
The good news is that things are getting better with time and we are committed to gaining more 
customers and getting ready for business growth when the market conditions are improving. We 
are also increasing our capacity to support this growth and as a Company, we are prepared for 
the future. Over the past months, we have achieved significant milestones that have further 
solidified our position in the industry and propelled us towards greater success. 
First and foremost, we successfully raised Rs. 1,000 crores for the QIP which received an 
overwhelming response from the prominent domestic and foreign institutional investors. The 
fundraising marks a significant step in our Company’s growth, allowing us to reduce debt and 
advanced manufacturing initiatives. The support from the investor reflects their confidence in 
us imposing our commitment to sustainable growth. During this quarter, we successfully secured 
approval of NCLT rally for the acquisition of ACIL Limited. This is strategic move, consolidates 
our foothold in the industry, promising the collective alignment of capabilities and resources, 
further enhancing our manufacturing strength. 
Furthermore, our aim is to create a sustainable future clean energy initiative. To achieve this, we 
took steps towards carbon neutrality by investing in renewable energy. We partnered with 
Prozeal Green Energy to install a 7.82 MW Solar Rooftop Power Project. We believe in the 
power of clean energy to drive positive change and through initiatives like these, we can create 
a more sustainable future for generations to come. In line with the industry, we have seen an 
increase in demand as well for our products and services, which has led to significant growth in 
our revenue and profit. 
In Q3 FY24, we recorded revenue of Rs. 902.9 crores on the standalone basis which represents 
Y-o-Y growth of 20% while for 9-months FY23, we recorded revenue of Rs. 2,603 crores and 
for this standalone Rs. 2,603 crores, which again represents 20% year-on-year growth on the 9-
month number also. 
EBITDA margin for Q3 FY24 stands at 22.98% as compared to 22.1% in Q3 FY23. The 
EBITDA margin expanded almost by 90 basis points and overall EBITDA margin for 9-month 
FY24 stands at 22.80% against 22.2% in 9-months FY23 and the total expansion was almost 60 
basis points in 9-month period, and we are confident of sustaining the margin of approx. 23% 
plus in the coming quarters. 
Our net profit after tax is 82.34 for Q3 FY24 against Rs. 57.6 crores in Q3 FY23, which is in 
year-on-year growth of 43%. Our net profit after tax is Rs. 238.8 crores for the 9-month FY24 
compared to Rs. 168.8 crores for 9-month FY23 which is again a year-on-year growth of 41%. 
The strong performance is a reflection of the diligence and commitment of our team as well as 
the continued support of our customers and stakeholders. We remain committed to innovation, 
operational excellence and customer satisfaction. We will continue to invest in advanced 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
technology, enhance our manufacturing capabilities and strengthen our relationship across the 
industry. With the foundation we have built and the achievements we have accomplished, I am 
confident we will continue to excel and thrive in this dynamic and competitive market. 
Thank you for your continued support and for joining us today. We will now take questions from 
the audience. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Raghunandan NL from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandan NL: 
Sir, my first question was on the domestic revenue, there is a growth of 32% and underlying 
domestic M&HCV production has grown by 9%, be it versus the underlying industry, what has 
led to this, is it execution of new orders in auto and which segments in non-auto has done well? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think in terms of the overall domestic business growth, our railway has grown, if you see the 
presentation railway has grown, our revenue in railways have in this quarter been much better 
than earlier quarters and also for Highway, domestically has done extremely well and in 
automotive segment, we have gained market shares as well as we have gained new businesses 
and new components within the content. Altogether, it has led to growth in the domestic 
segment. 
Raghunandan NL: 
And in the presentation, when you are explaining about the non-auto segments, there is one 
portion Others which has also seen a big growth, within others what are included, sir? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
And others, steel, cement, then this coal washery segment, all these industrial products basically 
are the others. 
Raghunandan NL: 
And sir, going forward, will there be any temporary issues for dispatches, or will there be any 
increase in logistics cost due to the Red Sea issues and also relating to that this logistics cost 
would be a pass through for you and how much would be the like? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
No, I think right now, Raghu, we are still working on it. In terms of logistic cost, most of the 
costs related to our Europe dispatches have been impacted. For US dispatches, we have not been 
much impacted. We are still speaking to the customers. In terms of our agreement with the 
customer, we don' have any such pass-through system of increase or decrease in the logistic cost, 
but while during the first phase of Ukraine war also when there was a considerable increase in 
debt cost our customers cooperated and had shared the cost. We are similarly working with the 
customers to share the increase and I think we will have a positive outcome, but it may take 
some month or so before we have any answer to it. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Raghunandan NL: 
And in terms of FY24 and 25, Lalit sir, can you give some guidance on the investments on 
CAPEX? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
I think if you go our presentation, we will have already guided for a considerable increase in our 
working capacity. We have announced a setting up of 8000 Ton  press in FY25 and which will 
be operational by December ‘24 and basically overall budget in terms of CAPEX is yet to be 
finished, but it will be in line with what we are doing in this current financial year of close to 
around Rs. 400 to Rs. 450 crores in the coming year also. 
Naresh Jalan: 
That will take care of investment and CAPEX altogether should be in the 400 to 450 regions for 
FY25. 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
Basically, we are not speaking anything related to standalone now. At a console level, we will 
be spending close to Rs. 400 to Rs. 450 crores in terms of our CAPEX. 
Raghunandan NL: 
And sir, my last question on new acquisitions, MultiTech, JMT, ACIL, can you provide some 
detail on current revenue profitability and also any order wins here which provides a better 
visibility for future? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
I think in Multitech Auto, we have already provided in our presentation. We have got a full 
quarter revenue of Rs. 92 crores almost from Multitech Auto and already it has seen 200 basis 
points EBITDA jump since we acquired. I think previously MAPL, MultiTech Auto had an 
EBITDA of around 14% and we have already had much EBITDA efficiency and almost 16% of 
EBITDA and we are aiming to improve the capacity from current 24,000 tons to 70,000 tons by 
the financial year end of FY25 and we are looking at almost Rs. 600 to Rs. 650 crores revenue 
from Multitech Auto in the coming year. We are aspiring to achieve 18% EBITDA from our 
casting business. Regarding JMT Auto also we have given a complete line, I think this quarter 
we will have more revenues from JMT Auto and first quarter onwards, we have given a guideline 
by when we are starting the forging and other things in JMT Auto post refurbishment and we 
aim to have Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 crores revenue from JMT Auto by FY26. ACIL acquisition has 
been completed in the month of January this year only and I think it currently has a revenue of 
close to around Rs. 4.5 to Rs. 5 crores on a monthly run rate means Rs. 15 crores per quarter. I 
think customers are intact as well as the plant is up and running, so we are going in for extensive 
refurbishment on that plant. So, we are hoping that next year in FY25 we should do good revenue 
with both EBITDA from ACIL. I think we will be able to better explain ACIL revenue in the 
concall we have post the full year results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to the next question that is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha 
from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, in Q3, the export growth has slowed down to 4% Y-o-Y, what has led to the slow growth 
and how do you see the outlook ahead? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
Sir, Y-on-Y we have grown in exports by 4.1%, basically quarter-on-quarter there is a decline, 
but Y-on-Y, I think we are grown by 4.1% in exports. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
So, compared to previous quarter growth has come down, just want to understand? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
That is a phenomenon every year. I think third quarter because of the Christmas holidays and 
other things, the inventories at most of our exports in Europe and the US, there is lesser 
consumption, and we are back on track in this quarter onwards. So, basically, if you see every 
year, 4h Quarter and the first two quarters of the financial year do extremely well, third quarter 
is every time flattish or there is a degrowth quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Sir, on this new press of 8000 tons and also some small presses, just want to understand the 
capacity is significant increase of around 40,000 metric ton, so can you indicate what kind of 
small presses are there, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Basically, we are installing a 4000-ton press and two small presses in warm and hot forging. So, 
8000 press itself will give us close to around 32,000 tons of volume. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
And what kind of revenue potential from this capacity would there be? 
Naresh Jalan: 
So, if you see go by the average realization also of Rs. 2 lakh, 40,000 tons at 80% utilization 
also can give us close to Rs. 600 crores of revenue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal from Swan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: 
Sir, I have one question regarding what is the outlook we are seeing in terms of both domestic 
market as well as exports in the near term as well as for FY25 period? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think the environment is challenging, but in terms of customer and content gain at RKFL, we 
are doing extremely well, and we continue to thrive on our potential on new order wins and 
converting this order wins into new supplies and I think the guidance which we started in the 
first quarter of financial year of FY24, I think we are well on track to achieve our numbers or 
surpass those numbers. 
Vishal: 
On the volume terms, we will be able to surpass these numbers in FY25? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think right now, we are still to complete FY24, so once we complete FY24 then only we will 
give guidance for FY25, but we don't see any downtick in terms of our utilization or overall 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
sentiments in the market. We see that the market is going to remain strong and resistant and we 
will continue to excel on the capacity which we are implementing. 
Vishal: 
Sir, my second question is regarding, thanks for sharing inputs on JMT Auto, sir wanted to have 
some inputs on what would be the margin trajectory and what is our aim to take this margin in 
next one or two years for JMT Auto? 
Naresh Jalan: 
JMT Auto, I think this year we cannot predict the margin because the capacity is still going to 
get started and we hope to achieve only Rs. 150 to Rs. 200 crores of revenue from that, but by 
FY26, when we are starting to get 400 plus revenue from that, we are looking at almost 25% 
margin from that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, my first question is on this outperformance, follow up to previous question of Raghu, despite 
production slowdown in M&HCV more than 20% outperformance we achieved, so do you think 
that this type of outperformance will continue and any specific this quarter wise one-time impact 
in this quarter or sustainable 20-25% outperformance possible for next 2-3 quarters? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Thank you Mitul for this question. I think at RKFL, we are in for a long run and we continue to 
outperform the market and I think we are looking at long-term sustained growth rather than one-
time growth. So, whatever our figures are or whatever growth we have, you say it will be a 
steady and stable and sustainable growth. 
Mitul Shah: 
So, this healthy double digit will continue even if industry may undergo some slowdown in 
FY25? 
Naresh Jalan: 
As far as we are concerned, we don't see any slowdown in RKFL. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, second question is on this 25,000 tons warm forging, cold forging, so how the ramp up can 
we expect it will be like a full ramp up by second half FY25 or it will be relatively slow in FY26 
we will see full capacity utilization because we already have some pre-orders for this specific 
capacity, right? 
Naresh Jalan: 
We already have a full order on this, but in terms of sample making and sample dispatches and 
sample approval, you will see full utilization of this entire capacity from 4h Quarter of financial 
year FY25, but you will see considerable utilization starting third quarter and 4h Quarter should 
show you almost (+90%) utilization. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, lastly on this ring rolling in our presentation, we have given almost 150% utilization for 
these 24,000 installed capacities, so up to what extent this utilization can further increase, or this 
is the optimum and despite every time it is coming 130%-140% type of utilization, we are not 
increasing any capacity here, so any specific reason behind that? 
Naresh Jalan: 
To increase any capacity in terms of utilization because we are almost at peak market share and 
as well as we are able get premium from the customer on these parts, but we are working on a 
lot of VA/VE (Value-Analysis/Value Engineering) activity in terms of reengineering the entire 
line and very soon with the kind of automation or other things we are doing in this kind, our 
capacity in this line will go up to 30,000 tons, which will basically bring down the utilization of 
148% to 110% or 115%, but we are not in any way increasing the capacity or adding any further 
equipments for ring rolling or spending any large CAPEX in building up capacity for… 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, just follow up that with 30,000 capacities, what could be the maximum output possible or 
what can be the 150% type of utilization is possible in case of huge demand? 
Naresh Jalan: 
No. I think utilization level of 148, what you are seeing ,will drop to 110 or 115, but overall, I 
don't think we will be able to go anything above 30% plus.. That is only what we will be 
achieving. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaimin Desai from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Jaimin Desai: 
Sir, you alluded to tough external environment, can you please give some more color around 
this, where exactly the softness that you are seeing? I understand that we have very strong growth 
drivers for our own business because of order wins, etc., but just with relation to the environment 
where exactly the softness that you are seeing? 
Naresh Jalan: 
No, we are not seeing any softness related to our business. So, in external environment, I think 
this war and this disruption due to this Red Sea and all other things are an ongoing affair right 
now since last 1-1/2 years we are bearing the brunt of first Ukraine war and then now this Red 
Sea disruption, but I think in terms of softness, we don't see any softness while market may not 
grow, but we don't see any softness in them with the kind of order wins we have had and the 
pipeline which we have right now for new auto rates to come in next couple of quarters. We 
don't foresee any slowdown in terms of our stake, or our growth plans getting hit by any external 
environment as such. 
Jaimin Desai: 
So, even in the case of let us say North America Class 8 truck market, you do not expect any 
growth challenges in next year or maybe beyond that for the market itself? 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Naresh Jalan: 
I am getting slow down since last one year, but in terms of my balance sheet or my dispatches 
or my customers, we have not seen any effect in our calls for our new dispatches. So, we will 
not be able to exactly per  say what is happening in the class 8 market, but overall, we see no 
slowdown in terms of demand. I think the market is pretty stable and we are doing extremely 
well with the kind of new content and new order wins we have in our pipeline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Shah: 
Sir, first question is just a simplification if you can help us so say, current revenue that we have 
and I am just annualizing the 9-month number, if I have to take a 2-year view, what is exactly 
the capacity or revenue capability that we have in standalone as well as at consolidated level? 
Either in terms of revenue or in terms of tonnage, however, you would like to highlight, so if 
you can first help us understand standalone because there are too many projects which are 
coming, some are coming in standalone, some are coming in consolidated, so if you can help us 
border view it will be helpful, sir? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Chirag, I think it is very difficult for me to put any number to what future guidance is. We will 
be more upfront to post the full year results, but we can very confidently tell you we are looking 
at 15 to 20% volume growth exactly in our overall balance sheet or overall business is concerned, 
we are looking at 15 to 20% volume growth. 
Chirag Shah: 
And would it be right to assume that this 15%-20% volume growth would be more driven by 
subsidiaries given the ramp up that you are looking at over there given I am putting JMT, AICL 
everything over there? 
Naresh Jalan: 
No, I think every balance sheet has its own potential to grow and they all are 100% subsidiaries 
of RKFL. Overall, at a consolidated level 15% to 20% volume growth which standalone RKFL 
will also deliver and in terms of other balance sheets also will deliver. So, overall, at the consol 
level also we are looking at almost 15 to 20% growth in the current days. That is the guidance 
we started in April FY24, and we still maintain that guidance and I think any revision in terms 
of guidance upwards or we will be able to come up with more certain answer post the full year 
results. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir, if possible, at the end of the year, just in terms of production capacity ramp up, if you 
can enter, it would be helpful because your capacity seems to be growing at a reasonable fast 
pace, so you are ready for 50% kind of growth over next two years once this program, the 
CAPEX programs are done over next 12 months, their minimum. So, that is why I am asking 
what I want to send the capacity ramp up, if you can explain later on, it will also fine at the end 
of the year? 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Naresh Jalan: 
Chirag, if you go by the presentation, each and every Company is potential and the revenue 
potential and by when we expect things to happen, I think Company wise we have very clearly 
mentioned in the presentation; however, we take your suggestion and I think we will try to more 
be certain with what is the full year. 
Chirag Shah: 
And sir, second question was on JMT, say Rs. 200 crores this year and next year at . 25 to Rs. 
600 crores revenue indication that you had, it implies that there are approvals in place, the 
capability, once you put the CAPEX in JMT, it is more about delivery rather than getting 
customer approvals, is it the right way to look at it? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think Chirag, we are already in with the CAPEX in JMT 3 months have passed and another 3 
months to go. I think first for mid-April, I think FY25, we will start production in phased manner 
in JMT and that is the reason we have indicated about Rs. 200 crores of revenue this year and 
the potential of this plant is to reach to or anything between Rs. 500 to Rs. 600 crores of revenue. 
In terms of approval, we need to go for reapproval, which we have already started, and we are 
already in discussion with the customer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line for Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir, my question is regarding that railway business, so what kind of the revenue you are 
projecting in FY26 or FY27 from this business and what would be the EBITDA margin from 
this business? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
Which railway business actually, there are couple of them, you want to know about any 
particular business or railway as a whole? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Railway wheels? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
Railway wheels, I think it is still very early for us to tell you. I think the plant is going to, if you 
see the presentation only by FY26 and the plant is going to get commission and start. So, I think 
it is too early for us to tell you what the potential revenue and the EBITDA from that plant is 
right now. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, what is your target ROCE for that business? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
ROCE we are looking at 4.5 to 5. 
Abhishek Jain: 
In initial year, right? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
 Yes. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Abhishek Jain: 
And my next question is related with this carbon emission norm that is going to implement in 
UK and other European countries from 2024? 
Naresh Jalan: 
That is only for steel sectors. For forgings and other things, which is 2026. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, there won't be any impact of this in 2024 related with the sourcing of raw materials or 
anything else? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Nothing. I think it is related to only steel and for forging and other things, it is 2026 January and 
we are getting prepared for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaimin Desai from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Jaimin Desai: 
Can you throw some color on the growth opportunities in non-auto side, for example, in railways 
apart from the wheel project and in areas like oil and gas? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think in railways, we are looking at almost doubling our revenues in the next 2 years from 
where we are right now. Every year, we will be almost doubling our revenue from railways and 
I think the railway with the kind of modernization which is happening in India, I think sky is the 
limit and it is up to us how much we can in cash or this opportunity in delivering right parts to 
the railways and finding right opportunities within this modernization. So, we are working very 
diligently with the railways, and we are trying to in cash these opportunities and right now 
putting a number specific in terms of growth it is very incorrect, but I can only tell you that the 
way things are shaping up and way the demand is shaping up. Doubling our sales to railways is 
the very small thing which we are talking about. I think opportunities are much more in terms 
of how we are able to deliver and in cash the opportunity. 
Jaimin Desai: 
And in oil and gas? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Oil and gas also, yes, it is steady business for us. I think right now we don't see any exponential 
growth in oil and gas, but it is a steady business wherein we have been able to continue our 
steady operations. With JMT coming in, with the businesses with what JMT was doing in oil 
and gas I think that place wherein we are going to grow very fast and that is going to be an 
additional revenue in oil and gas from North American customer, which JMT earlier was doing 
close to that was Rs. 100 crores plus business which JMT was doing. I think we are getting that 
customer back very soon and that the oil and gas business from JMT will be a big business which 
will be consolidated in the balance sheet of RKFL. 
Jaimin Desai: 
And from a margin and return ratio point of view, non-auto segment would be comparable to 
autos? 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think non-auto is obviously a better margin gain and as our non-auto businesses continue to 
improve and in terms of percentage to our sales, our profitability should grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vidrum Mehta from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Sir, post the QIP money, what would be your current gross and net debt? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
So, I assume they become Rs. 593 crores with the net debt and by March it will be less than Rs. 
500 crores. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Sir, secondly, of the 20% topline growth on the standalone business which we clock for Q3, 
could you help us in terms of understanding the bifurcation with respect to pure volume driven 
growth or from new products or from market share gains from the existing customers like can 
you bifurcate that 20%? 
Naresh Jalan : 
It is very difficult to say what market share came from what customer or whom, but in terms of 
new components, I think almost growth for 5 to 6% has come from new businesses which we 
have won in domestic industry in terms of our content and exports have been steady exports. I 
think if you see year-on-year 4.1%, we have grown in terms of exports and that also largely 
driven by new customers wherein our supplies have started in this quarter and in this quarter, 
you will see further gains coming in with this place and I think overall in terms of market share 
gain, it is very difficult to tell from whom we have gained market share, but we are continuously 
working with customers to get into new product lines and new contents and both in domestic 
and in export and in domestic industry, things turn around very fast because of our local presence 
as well as our foothold into and the relationship which we enjoy with the customers. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Sir, so would it be safe to assume that roughly 5% to 6% of the new business growth which we 
achieve on an annualized basis and new order wins also helps us in terms of booking the revenue 
apart from the organic M&HCV growth which the industry clocks? 
Naresh Jalan: 
No, I think the industry growth, I think it is very difficult to say, now, we grew against the 
industry growth, but in terms of existing components we have been able to gain market share. 
The new component which I said 6% is absolutely new, like for M&HCV we have started 
manufacturing suspension components. So, these are the sectors which we are entering new in 
terms of forging. So, this is the 6% which we are getting. So, obviously the existing components 
we have been able to increase our performance with the customer also with the new content 
which we have been able to create in terms of forging that is helping us in terms of our overall 
gain in terms of the overall, if you see (+30%) growth that is the reason we have got. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Sir, secondly on the domestic M&HCV front, like we keep on hearing that after two or three 
years of a good M&HCV growth in the domestic business expectation is that for FY25 for 
probably we could see a flattish to mid-single digit growth for M&HCV, but in terms of average 
tonnage, it is going to go up. So, number of M&HCV sold could be flattish, but in terms of 
tonnage wise, the carrying capacity could be higher, given that situation would our tonnage be 
better in terms of growth for 25, so should be absolute M&HCV number or should we look at 
tonnages for reflecting the growth? 
Naresh Jalan: 
So, I think with the overall what we feel that overall tonnage growth is going to be the way 
forward to look at the growth in the M&HCV industry and if the tonnage growth, we will 
continue to grow because the requirement of number of axles will increase with the high tonnage 
vehicles. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
And sir, lastly on the restructuring part wherein we are doing some, we are going to acquire a 
land of Mal Metalliks Private Limited which is a step down subsidiary and we intend to 
commence trailer axle assembly over there which will help us in terms of getting some 
operational efficiencies, could you throw some color on that on the qualitative as well as on the 
quantitative front, how much benefit could we get out of that? 
Naresh Jalan: 
These are all 100% subsidiaries, and we are going for large scale restructuring. I think in 
February you will hear much more in terms of restructuring. We will not be maintaining so many 
subsidiaries like ACIL, JMT, MultiTech, Mal Metalliks. So, this is only the first phase of 
consolidation which is happening, but the overall consolidation in terms of ACIL getting merged 
in RKFL or JMT getting merged in other subsidiaries we will only be carrying 100% subsidiary 
of our RKFL which is going to be the casting business and rest all the businesses are going to 
get merged in RKFL very soon. So, this is the first part of restructuring which we have done. I 
think overall restructuring you will be able to hear end of February in which only we have one 
subsidiary of RKFL that is the casting division. 
Vidrum Mehta: 
Sir, can you share the breakup in terms of revenue from the subsidiaries for this quarter like 
standalone we already know and consolidated we have the number, the difference would be from 
the subsidiaries, so subsidiary wise revenue, if you could share? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think Multitech Auto is close to around Rs. 92 crores, RKFL LLC around Rs. 29 crores and 
Globe is around Rs. 60 crores. 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
What happens that RKFL LLC range, the good things supplied from RKFL India, so lot of it got 
eliminated, so overall number will get eliminated by Rs. 25 to Rs. 30 crores in that consolidation. 
That is why the number whatever you add up will come at Rs. 1,087, but actually Rs. 1,057 
crores. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Naresh Jalan: 
At the consolidation level, LLC numbers basically are getting knocked off because of Ind AS, 
so basically 1050 you are seeing and around Rs. 29 crores getting knocked off, which remains 
as inventory in LLC. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, my question is on as we almost completed all these three acquisitions and majority of the 
payment is done, so what would be the investment amount for this FY24 and at the same time 
on CAPEX also we have done majority of CAPEX also, capacity expansion in this year, so what 
would be CAPEX for this year and next year would be purely maintenance CAPEX or anything 
meaningful apart from that? 
Naresh Jalan: 
Mitul, I think overall CAPEX this year should be approximately around Rs. 450 to Rs. 460 crores 
in FY24 and in FY25 also if you see your presentation, we are setting up a capacity for 8000-
ton press. Also, we will require maintenance CAPEX both in ACIL and JMT on an ongoing 
basis and the casting capacity which we have freshly augmented. So, the overall we are looking 
at similar CAPEX from free cash flow of around Rs. 400 crores in the next year also. I think we 
will be able to give you some exact numbers once I think on the full year results, once we finalize 
our entire budget in terms of overall cash flow what we have and what does the CAPEX spend 
out of that free cash flow. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, just for clarification, this Rs. 450-Rs. 460 crores this year includes investment, right? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
No, so the Rs. 450 crores is only the  CAPEX investment, this year is separate because you can 
understand Rs. 200 crores earlier we paid for MultiTech, 125 for JMT and their earlier 
investment in the railway projects to the extent of 70-75 or so Rs. 400 crores already in terms of 
investment without ACIL, I think we have done this year and another Rs. 450 crores in terms of 
CAPEX. So, altogether it is 854 this year from next year, it will become 400 to 450 for the 
CAPEX and investment together. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Sahu from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Sahu: 
I just wanted more information on what is happening on the electric vehicles front, I understand 
that you were looking to develop some electric vehicle specific components like the axle, and 
you had also invested in an electric vehicle component startup, so any more information that you 
can give us on that front? 
Naresh Jalan: 
So, I think we are doing almost 3 to 3.5% of our revenue from EV which we are supplying to 
overseas customers, but basically they are undercarriage components and developing our own 
motor controller and e-axle with transmission, this is R&D which is ongoing, I think the motor 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
and controller Company we have acquired that is TSUYO which is a startup Company and we 
are already working on in terms of our own transmission and e-axle. I think in next 3-6 months’ 
time, I think you will hear more about it in terms of, right now, it is all on trial stage means 
vehicle trial stage, so we don't have a concrete answer in terms of the size we can achieve in 
terms of market size we can achieve in this. So, once we have the trials and other things through 
from the vehicle, then we will be able to give you more color into it, but our aim is in next 2-3 
years to develop the entire motor controller e-axle along with the transmission and as a kit supply 
to the three-wheeler and four-wheeler market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Darshika Khemka from AV Fincorp. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Sir, as far as I understand our margin expansion in FY22 and 23 was a combination of two 
factors, one being operational things that the Company has done and also the tailwinds from the 
industry, would you be able to bifurcate and sort of help us break down that how much has come 
from tailwinds and how much from Company related efforts and how much of that basically 
would be sustainable? What I want to understand is that once this industry tailwind goes away, 
would our margins fall? 
Naresh Jalan: 
I think in terms of margin, I cannot give you anything related to what is tailwind and what is, 
but if you see constantly for 16 quarters, we have been maintaining a margin of 22% and above 
and I think very slowly but steadily we are working towards our goal of 25% margin and that is 
the way we are developing our own components or the utilization of our plants are being worked 
out accordingly. I don't see any headwinds to our margin trajectory while we do not say what is 
the tailwind which can happen to it, but I can very safely say that we aspire to be 25% plus 
EBITDA margin making Company, while we will be able to safely maintain the current margin 
trajectory going forward. 
Darshika Khemka: 
And I had one more question, what was the CAPEX that we have incurred for the warm forging 
expansion? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
So, warm forging, we have already done the capacity of 10,000 tons. Right now, what we are 
putting up a small capacity of about 3000 ton on the warm forging and the CAPEX has already 
been completed. I think we are going to commence the line very shortly. 
Darshika Khemka: 
Can you help me with the CAPEX number on that? 
Lalit Kumar Khetan: 
I don't have right now the specific number on that line, so we can clarify that offline. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh from Bahana Equity Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Ramkrishna Forgings Limited 
January 18, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Rakesh: 
Sir, can you know our current order book? 
Naresh Jalan: 
We don't have any order book. We work to schedules and I think we from our export customers, 
we get 6 months forward schedule and from domestic customer, we get 2 months forward 
schedule, and we work to schedules only and we do not have a particular order book. We have 
only the order book related to our railways which is close to around Rs. 250 crores right now 
from railways. Other than that, we do not have any firm order book from automotive sector or 
off-highway. We work to only schedules we receive from customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now have the conference over to 
Mr. Rajesh Mundhra for his closing comments. 
Rajesh Mundhra: 
Thank you. I take this opportunity to thank everyone for joining the call. I hope we have been 
able to answer and address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in touch with 
us or our investor relationship advisors. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Emkay Global 
Financial Services, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
