 
 TeamLease Services Limited, CIN: L74140KA2000PLC118395 
Registered Office: 315 Work Avenue Campus, Ascent Bldg., Koramangala Ind. Layout, 
Jyoti Nivas College Road, Koramangala, Bangalore-560095 
Ph: (91-80) 6824 3333 Fax: (91-80) 6824 3001  
Email ID: corporateaffairs@teamlease.com 
                                                                             Website: https://group.teamlease.com  
                                                                        Business Portal: https://www.teamlease.com 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
To 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539658 
To 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: TEAMLEASE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Sub:   TeamLease Services Limited (TeamLease/Company) - Transcript of Q3’FY24 Earnings 
Call 
 
Ref:   
Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) (SEBI LODR) Regulations, 2015  
 
With reference to the captioned subject and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of Q3’FY24 Earnings Call hosted on Tuesday, January 30, 
2024 at 05:00 P.M. IST. The same is also available on the website of the Company at 
https://group.teamlease.com/investor/earning-call-transcript/. 
  
Kindly take the above said information on record as per the requirement of SEBI LODR Regulations, 
2015. 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully,  
For TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Alaka Chanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
 
Alaka 
Chanda
Digitally signed 
by Alaka Chanda 
Date: 2024.02.01 
14:48:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“TeamLease Services Limited 
Q3 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEAMLEASE SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL CHEMMANKOTIL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER –SPECIALIZED STAFFING – TEAMLEASE 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. KARTIK NARAYAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
OF STAFFING – TEAMLEASE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MS. RAMANI DATHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TEAMLEASE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. KUNAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
TEAMLEASE SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MUKUL GARG – MOTILAL OSWAL 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to TeamLease Services Limited Q3 FY '24 
Results Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thank you, Ria. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Call of 
TeamLease. Thank you, TeamLease management for giving us the opportunity to host you 
today. Today, we have with us Mr. Ashok Reddy, MD, and CEO; Mr. Sunil, CEO, Specialist 
Staffing; Mr. Kartik Narayan, CEO, Staffing; Ms. Ramani Dathi, CFO, with us. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to the management to start off with their initial commentary. And 
then after that, we can hand over the floor for Q&A. Mr. Ashok. Over to you now. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you, Mukul. Good evening, and welcome to the call. I think we've maintained another 
quarter of growth, in line with the element of demand that we are seeing in the market. 
Overall, we added about 8,000 headcount from an associate perspective, growth in revenue of 
about 7% and EBITDA of 13%. 
 
We have continued to maintain our core headcount numbers and costs, while working the 
productivity improvement as a function of associate growth to the core head count cost being 
flat. In staffing, broadly maintaining the PAPM as a function of growth that is coming in, but 
with various other initiatives that we have taken on that front. 
 
We continue to lose the NEEM numbers in the degree apprenticeship business. We expect that 
we will see a comprehensive sunset towards Q1 of next year. But we have been adding 
numbers in the non-NEEM scheme. And I think we've had the first quarter of a net positive 
growth in headcount in the DA front in the last quarter. And we believe that, that should 
sustain as net growth going forward. While this growth is at a lower PAPM, we do look to the 
entry with clients on this front of apprenticeship and potential to upsell on the learning as we 
go forward. 
 
On the specialized staffing front. The market headwinds in terms of demand still play out. The 
translation of the services sector coming for growth is still not on the table, but we are 
continuing to target the captives and product companies, which have a higher margin demand 
but lower volume to kind of drive the element of sustainability. We are also continuing to take 
the call on lower-margin mandates. We continue to maintain the operating cash flows and 
working capital control at our end. And I think that discipline will continue to play out. 
 
I'll have my colleagues run the details of the specifics, and then we can move into the 
questions. Sunil? 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
Thanks, Ashok. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our investor call today. 
Before we drive into the specifics of our specialized staffing business unit’s performance this 
quarter, I would like to take a moment to discuss a few critical aspects of the IT sector that 
have a direct bearing on our business. 
 
The IT sector has been experiencing a period of cautious and selective hiring, with a notable 
decrease in hiring by IT services companies over the past several quarters. Although GCCs, or 
global capability centers, have seen some hiring, it has not been sufficient to offset the decline 
in IT services. However, this shift has been beneficial for us, enabling us to increase our 
market share in the GCC space. At the end of Q3, 66% of our net revenue is now coming from 
GCCs. 
 
Q3 is typically a weaker quarter for IT hiring, which was further impacted by fewer billable 
days and the need to manage furloughs. Despite these challenges and the generally weak 
macroeconomic environment, we have achieved growth quarter-over-quarter and year-over-
year in terms of revenue and EBITDA. This growth is largely attributable to our continued 
focus on cost optimization and capturing a greater wallet share of the available opportunities. 
 
In line with our strategy to improve the quality of our business, we made the decision to 
transition 650 resources from our low-margin telecom business to general staffing business. 
This move is not expected to significantly impact our net revenues, as our business teams have 
been effective in rapidly acquiring some high-margin customers to compensate for these low-
margin exits. Additionally, we have secured 4 strategic accounts, which we anticipate will 
boost our revenue run rate in the near future. 
 
Overall, our revenue has grown by 12% year-over-year and 9% sequentially, driven partly by 
some onetime incentive payouts and vendor consolidation mandates from our strategic 
customers. Our EBITDA has increased by 15 percentage year-over-year and 13 percentage 
sequentially, thanks to the combined effects of this onetime revenue boost and our exit from 
low-margin business. 
 
While the benefits of exiting low-margin businesses will continue and play out in the long 
term, it's important to note that onetime benefits are nonrecurring. This strategic shift, along 
with lower hiring levels, has resulted in a reduction in headcount both year-over-year and 
sequentially. As we look ahead, we recognize that uncertainties remain in the market and 
overall hiring is likely to continue with caution. 
 
However, we are beginning to see some positive signs. In this environment, we remain 
committed to focusing on portfolio correction, sales enhancement, cost optimization and 
further digitization. Our goal in the short term is to maintain an EBITDA margin between 6.5 
percentage to 6.7 percentage, and we can go back to the normal level of 8 to 9 percentage once 
the demand is back. 
 
Thank you for your continued support and confidence in our execution capabilities. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Kartik Narayan: 
Yes. Thanks, Sunil. Good evening, everyone. Q3 is a core festive quarter. Hence, during this 
quarter, a temporary charge occurred in revenue with onetime festive billings. It's also a 
quarter that, by December, enterprises recalibrate their workforce to align with current demand 
trends and expectations of growth going into Q4. General staffing has had a net addition of 
7,500 associates this quarter. With this, our year-to-date net incremental associate growth is 
35,000 and overall net growth on a year-on-year basis is 20%. 
 
We experienced a 28% year-on-year growth in gross revenue and a 9.4% on a sequential basis, 
reflecting the positive momentum in our business in the market. We saw growth coming in 
from consumer, telecom, retail, e-commerce, and some green shoots in our manufacturing 
business. We saw related some established in our BFSI vertical in Q3 as some customers held 
up on hiring. 
 
Financial services and consumer goods continue to be our top 2 segments in terms of associate 
base, closely followed by telecom in retail. Our sales apprenticeship 36 new logo sign-ups, 
primarily in the consumer, retail, and manufacturing segments. At the gross level, we hired 
around 23,000-odd associates during Q3 through our sources, which is a 21% increase from 
the same period last year. 
 
On the operational front, initiatives around digitization and process improvements have led to 
an improvement in FTE to 366 in Q3 versus 355 in Q2, driven by a 3% increase in associate 
headcount. Efficiency improved, I believe, due to service a large associate base with existing 
core headcount. We see this trend continuing to play out in Q4, resulting in both faster client 
servicing and higher operating leverage. 
 
Coupled with anticipated growth, we shall be on track towards further improvement in FTE 
during Q4 of this financial year. Some of you do recall that we've spoken about initiatives 
around cross-selling and up-selling into our base. As Ashok mentioned, we are seeing some 
initials coming through, basis which PAPM has registered a margin improvement. Last 
quarter, we had informed that was 634, and this is marginally improved to 688. 
 
As we move forward, we see positive signs around hiring in BFSI, consumer, telecom, and the 
manufacturing vertical. We see increasing signs of enterprises wanting to formalize their 
extended workforce and move towards more established and compliant players. Looking 
forward to Q4, we have a healthy pipeline and see emerging demand across most customers, 
while the challenges in specific sectors persist. We believe the opportunities presented by 
continued normalization, along with the anticipated capacity to be positive for us. 
 
In summary, we're really excited about the opportunity in front of us led by growth and 
formalization in the economy. As I've spoken before, we're dedicated to creating a top-notch 
business with a strong growth and excellent customer management and solid sales strategies. 
At the same time, they are putting effort into improving our hiring processes. We are starting 
to see movement from going digital and improving our processes, and we are excited about 
what this will mean for us down the line. 
 
Thank you, and Ramani? 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Ramani Dathi: 
Thank you, Kartik. Good evening, everyone. EBITDA improvement, as we have indicated 
earlier, is on a consistent track, led by operating leverage in businesses. We expect strong 
operating performance from HR services in Q4, driven by EdTech vertical. We have received 
INR2.5 crores of interest income during the quarter on tax refunds. Total outstanding income 
tax refund receivable as of 31st December 2023 is INR236 crores. 
 
We are duly receiving tax refund without any disrelevance on applicable claims. During the 
quarter, we have received INR3.5 crores towards incremental settlement of old investments in 
ILFS. This receipt has been recorded as an exceptional item in the financial statements. Core 
employee headcount remained mostly flat for the 9-month period of the financial year 2024. 
Our cash conversion ratio to EBITDA can be maintained to 80% on an annual basis. Total free 
cash as of 31st December 2023 is INR250 crores. 
 
Thank you. Mukul, we can open to questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. 
Alok Deshpande 
One question, I think margins. We have seen very good growth Q-on-Q as well as year-on-
year. But when you look at the EBITDA margins on the general staffing side, at least in 
percentage terms, that seems to be sort of going down. Any thoughts on that? I mean was there 
any sort of one-off there? Or -- and how do we see that direction going forward? 
Ramani Dathi: 
Alok, there is no one-off element in this quarter, as we have indicated earlier. So the salary 
inflation for our associates have been much higher than what we are seeing as inflation in our 
PAPM. So that's directly leading and diluting our EBITDA margin. However, we have been 
making consistent efforts to improve the PAPM, both in absolute terms as well as percentage 
terms. And in absolute EBITDA profits, we are confident of improving it quarter-on-quarter. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay. Ramani, have you disclosed PAPM this quarter? Is it flat compared to last quarter? Or 
how should we look at that? 
Ramani Dathi: 
Yes, we have disclosed it in the investor deck. So there is a INR4 improvement in this quarter. 
And yes, it's a marginal. 
Ashok Reddy: 
It's 684 to 688. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay. So basically, it's more of a mathematical thing where you're looking at that 688 on a 
much larger salary base of associates, and that's why the can is looking lower, right? 
Ramani Dathi: 
That's right. Yes. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Okay. Understood. And as we sort of go into this quarter? I mean, any sort of color you can 
give us on -- this year has been fantastic. I mean, in terms of, I mean, almost 35,000 added so 
far in terms associates. Would we be looking at a similar sort of number next year? Better 
number? How does the demand environment like going into this calendar year? 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. So as of now, Alok, the demand is quite positive. As Kartik had just called out earlier, I 
think BFSI, consumer and retail has largely driven the volume growth this year. I think as we -
- there was a little bit of a tempering towards the end of Q3. But as we look at Q4 and have a 
view ahead at this point in time, I think from most sectors, the demand looks quite positive 
with also manufacturing coming into play as we go forward. So I would say that at the back 
end from the team's focus and drive, it would be to sustain aggressive growth into the future. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg: from Motilal Oswal. 
Mukul Garg: 
Sunil, just wanted to check, in prepared remarks, you mentioned about some nonrecurring 
onetime boost during this quarter. What was that in reference to and if you can quantify that as 
well? 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
So typically, we get these incentive payouts or some onetime bonus, which is paid to the 
employees. So it normally doesn't come in Q3, but due to some timing difference this time, it 
came in Q3. So this was related to that. And that's a onetime activity. It may not happen in the 
next quarter; it might happen any of these quarters or sometimes it may come in another year. 
So that's the thing which I called out. 
Mukul Garg: 
And is it possible to quantify the impact of that on our profitability? This quarter, you 
mentioned that some telecom workforce was shifted to general staffing. Should we expect 
margins to moderate in the near term or stay in kind of this range going forward? 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
So just from a profit impact perspective, the onetime would account for about INR1 crore from 
a bottom-line perspective. The lower margin business that has shifted out will kind of take 
away some of the top line and the bottom line. So margins should sustain hereafter. 
Mukul Garg: 
Great. So there will be some top line impact because of that in the near term? 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
Yes. 
Mukul Garg: 
Okay. Understood. The second question was for Kartik. Kartik, I know you guys have been 
trying to mitigate the impact on profitability from all the changes in the industry, which has 
happened over the last 2 years. The growth continues to remain fairly strong but we have seen 
a bit of a continuous erosion in profitability on an ongoing basis. So if you can just share your 
perspective on how should we look at FY '25 and '26 from a margin perspective. 
 
Is it the case right now that in a slowdown in growth will be the necessary conditions for 
margins to meaningfully improve for us? Or are there other measures, which can also help us 
kind of maintain both growth as well as improved profitability? 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. So let me -- Mukul, let me just chip in here a little bit, and then I'll give it to Kartik. So 
one element, obviously, is the fact that the large clients are growing larger, driving growth. 
And this called out that the large clients have a lower realization PAPM as against the other 
clients. So I think growth per se is something that will be a key focus how to mitigate the 
impact on PAPM and the percentage realization is still work in progress. 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
 
While we are able to kind of continuously sustain the PAPMs as a percentage realization, it has 
been coming down. So I think that's the key area that is being worked on as a combination to 
marry with growth. So looking at the mid segment and the smaller client segment also 
growing, which kind of have higher realizations but lower volumes. 
 
The back-end focus around cost productivity and those variables. We have seen a considerable 
improvement on that front. So the teams are in place. There's a little bit of a rejig in structure, 
that Kartik is looking at, to create more delivery focus at locations, get a higher productivity 
from some of the hiring teams and so on. So I think those initiatives will continue to play out, 
wherein we hope that the productivity angle will complement the growth angle leading to 
some element of margin float around the bottom line. 
Kartik Narayan: 
Yes. Mukul, adding to what Ashok has mentioned. I think there are 2 aspects to the growth 
which has taken place this year. Obviously, there is demand. But I think more importantly, 
there is increasing formalization, which is taking place in the economy, and we have benefited 
from that entire trend. So I think that's one aspect of it. 
 
I think that there are a couple of other aspects as well. Going into next year. We are, obviously, 
focused around the aspects of hiring attrition and productivity. And I mentioned briefly in my 
opening about cross-selling and upselling initiatives that we are taking. Early days for us. But 
to your question on what is it that we can do. 
 
Disparately, obviously, volume is one thing. Our clear mission is that helping large enterprises 
to be able to address productivity and help them retain their associates better. Our solutions, 
which we are seeing customers engaging with us on. So I do see some of those kinds of paying 
back us going into next year. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Also on staffing margins compared to last year, the dilution is also on account of DA business. 
Because with the withdrawal of NEEM scheme, we lost close to 40,000 headcounts, which are 
at a much higher margin. So that has impacted at the vertical level. Now the DA has turned net 
positive on headcount growth and consistently adding numbers. So we expect improvement in 
margins getting contributed by DA as well. 
Mukul Garg: 
Right. And sorry to push back a bit. I just wanted to kind of rephrase the question. While we 
have seen very strong growth on our top line, and as you guys mentioned, the higher portion of 
that is coming from larger clients where, actually, the impact is dilutive on margins. Do you 
think -- while you have articulated that the focus is on absolute profits, do you think it makes a 
bit sense to start kind of trying to push back a little -- especially to the larger accounts to either 
revise the prices, because our productivity continues to go up? Or PMPM continues to go up, 
but our margin continues to trend downwards? 
 
So is there a thought process from client kind of communication perspective, which we can 
also start to put into effect, which might be dilutive on growth in the near term but can help us 
over the longer-term period? 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Ashok Reddy: 
So I mean we totally do that on a running basis, Mukul, about going back to clients for 
discussion on revision upwards, the element of trying to price back certain elements of a 
service that customers ask for and everything else. 
And I think partly doing all of that is really what is kind of sustaining the PAPM on a weighted 
average basis. However, some of the large customers, while the PAPMs are low, are still 
profitable from an account perspective. Yes, absolute profit. And hence, while we do have 
dialogues with all customers, with certain customers, we are price-takers. But looking at how 
we can upsell different things to them to try and cover the shortfall on this side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique Stockbroking. 
Vikas Ahuja: 
I have 2 questions. One is, any particular reason for lower addition in staffing headcount? I 
understand with the last 2 quarters, we have been doing around 6% kind of sequential run rate. 
And this time, it has come down to 3%. So it was largely on the base or there was any other 
particular reason? 
 
And the second question is, in the opening remarks we have talked about EBITDA margin for 
specialized staffing to go back to 8% to 9% once demand is back, so any early indications we 
are seeing there? I mean any expected timelines where we think the demand for IT staffing is 
going to come back? And is it also possible to quantify the margins we make on through GCCs 
or through the other third-party vendors? 
Ashok Reddy: 
So I think on the staffing side, Kartik had called out that Q3 has some element of a seasonality 
impact towards the end of the quarter. And the element of some go hold on the hiring in the 
BFSI sector, coupled with the seasonality and a weaker festival season for consumer was the 
reason for the less than the other quarter's growth that we saw in Q3. As things stand, I think 
Q4 demand is looking quite upbeat from the market, and we will work to deliver on that front. 
 
On the specialized staffing front. I think as Sunil had called out. The demand is still not the 
market. I think the demand still stays quite muted. We are kind of balancing that with the 
demand that we get from GCCs and products side. The services companies are still, at best, 
replacing attrition but not really bringing new demand to the table. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Yes. In terms of margin, both on IT services and GCCs, overall, the margins that we make are 
almost on the same line. So there isn't much of a difference. Even though GCCs have a higher 
rate cut but comes with lower volume, on a net basis, it's the same level of margin of 8% to 9% 
that we are expecting. 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
The bills are... 
Ashok Reddy: 
Bill rates are higher. 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
Bill rates are higher in the GCCs, which effectively lead to higher realization. So that's the... 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Okay, that's helpful. One final clarification in the -- regarding that 1.5% EBITDA we have 
reported. I mean so that is a clean number, right? And the one-off we have given that comes 
below that. So -- or that 1.5% includes that one-off itself. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Yes, yes. That INR1 crore onetime billing impact is also part of the EBITDA for specialized 
staffing business. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Amit Chandra: 
So my first question is on the DA business. So we have seen stability there in terms of the 
associate additions. So if you can quantify what is the NEEM and the non-NEEM associate 
count there? And what has been the gross addition in the DA business? And you said that the 
drop in NEEM headcount will continue for the 1 quarter. So what kind of volume growth we 
can assume or are you planning on a normalized basis for the DA business? 
Also, Ramani mentioned that the drop in the margins is largely due to a drop in the NEEM 
headcount, which is higher margin. So maybe you can quantify in terms of the margin between 
the general staffing business. What has been like difference in margins that we have there. 
Ashok Reddy: 
We are now at about 36,000 headcounts in the non-NEEM side, and we have about headcount 
left in NEEM. If I take last quarter, we added about 1,000 net apprentice growth. We are losing 
about 1,000 NEEM trainees every month, which is why I called out earlier that, broadly, we 
expect most of NEEM to exist by Q1 of next year. I think that exit will continue to play out 
over the next 6 months. And I think the pipeline in the non-NEEM side has been building up 
where we should be able add numbers, net of the NEEM losses. 
 
On an average, the NEEM billing was about INR1,100 PAPM, and non-NEEM is at about 
INR450 to INR500. And that is really where we have to bridge the gap from perspective, 
saying that as we lose the NEEM, we are getting the regular apprenticeship numbers. But how 
can we upsell on education to them to get a higher realization? 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And on the specialized staffing, I know you mentioned that we are seeing some signs of 
green shoot in terms of the IT hiring coming back. So if you can give us some more color in 
terms of are we seeing some active conversations in terms of kind of the hiring getting back? 
Because it has been now slow for almost 5, 6 quarters. So are we expecting that if it comes 
back, I know it should have a pretty steep recovery there? 
Sunil Chemmankotil: 
In terms of the market, currently, we have not seen a huge uptick in hiring. But the GCC, the 
number of GCCs are increasing. And as I explained, we also have acquired a lot of GCCs. To 
that effect, we have some additional mandates to deliver. From the IT services, the idea was 
that they have not been hiring for the past many quarters, while the attrition continuously 
happened with them, there is a leaking bucket. 
 
So we are anticipating that there will be a slight intake. Instead of just replacing selectively, 
they might go for some higher replacements to manage the existing workforce. And also to 
cater to the new deals which they have been signing up and announcing in their quarterly 

 
TeamLease Services Limited 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
results. So that was the idea. But if you ask me, is there enough requirement on the table 
currently? No, not yet. We have not yet reached there. But we are hoping that things will turn 
out in next 1 or 2 quarters. 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And then lastly, on the HR Services business. Obviously, we are seeing some decline 
there. But you mentioned that we can see some recovery there. So in terms of the breakup that 
you have given, EdTech and HR Tech seems to be the bulk of the revenue. So what's 
happening there in terms of EdTech, HR Tech, if you can give some more color how we're 
seeing it from, say, the next year perspective. 
Ramani Dathi: 
Yes. On EdTech front, we are consistently seeing the 30% year-on-year growth on revenue. 
And also in terms of margins, we are confident of maintaining 8% to 10% of EBITDA margin 
within EdTech vertical, including this year. HR Tech is still -- in terms of overall profitability, 
it's still in investment phase. And we are expecting a 20% kind of growth on top line. And for 
next year, it can still be a slightly breakeven or marginal profitability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.] 
Ashok Reddy: 
Mukul, if there are no more questions, we can give the closing remarks. 
Mukul Garg: 
Yes. Actually, you can close the call. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Yes. So if I -- I mean, as we've just been calling out, I think we continue to see demand for the 
volume growth in staffing and we are working our structures to ensure that we continue the 
delivery on that front. I think the NEEM reduction in numbers will continue to play out over 
the coming quarter -- coming 2 quarters. 
But our focus on the sales side to the regular apprentices across different organizations, 
otherwise, should enable net apprentice growth on that side. However, we'll have to look at 
further upselling the education side for a realization play to continue. 
 
I think on the specialized staffing, a lot of the correction on low volume mandates and 
acquiring the GCCs will continue to play out, and we should stay flat, at least, as a function of 
the demand we see as of today. Overall, I think in aggregate, we should expect another quarter 
of growth as we look ahead, given the current demand outlook that we had. 
 
I think from our perspective, we will continue to focus on our core headcount, our costs, our 
productivity, and scale will be the key variables that we will welcome. With that, thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Ashok Reddy: 
Thank you. 
