 
 
Sub: Disclosure in terms of Regulation 30(6) & Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 pertaining to the uploading of the Audio or video 
recordings and transcripts of investors update calls.  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
With respect to the captioned subject the Investor Update Call Transcript which 
transpired during Q3 FY24 Investor Earnings Call organized by ICICI Securities on 
Wednesday the 14 February 2024 at 1730 hours to discuss the financial results 
for the quarter ended 31 December 2023, has been uploaded on the website of 
the Company namely https://mazagondock.in. The said transcript is also enclosed 
herewith. 
 
The Link for accessing the said transcript is: 
https://mazagondock.in/Transcript.aspx 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MAZAGON DOCK SHIPBUILDERS LIMITED 
 
   
 
(Madhavi Kulkarni) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
                                                            
To                                            
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai– 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543237  
 
                                                       
To 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex                        
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol:  MAZDOCK 
               
 
  
माझगाव डॉक िशपिबʒसŊ िलिमटेड   
MAZAGON DOCK SHIPBUILDERS LIMITED 
(Formerly known as MAZAGON DOCK LIMITED) 
CIN: L35100MH1934GO1002079 
(A Govt. of India Undertaking)  
डॉक याडŊ रोड, मुंबई-400010 
Dockyard Road, Mumbai 400 010 
Certified: ISO 9001-2015 
 
संदभŊ Ţमांक  :  
Ref                : 
िदनांक           :       
Date              :  21 February 2024 
Madhavi 
Vishwanath 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by 
Madhavi Vishwanath 
Kulkarni 
Date: 2024.02.21 17:25:00 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV SINGHAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, ADDITIONAL CHARGE AND DIRECTOR 
FINANCE 
COMMANDER JASBIR SINGH – INDIAN NAVY RETIRED 
DIRECTOR (SUBMARINE AND HEAVY ENGINEERING) 
MR. BIJU GEORGE – DIRECTOR SHIPBUILDING 
COMMANDER VASUDEV PURANIK – INDIAN NAVY 
DIRECTOR (CORPORATE PLANNING AND PERSONNEL) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT DIXIT – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited Q3 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “’*” and then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thank you Manuja. Good evening everyone and thanks for joining the Call today. At the outset, 
I would like to thank the Management for giving us an opportunity to host this call. 
From the Management we have Shri Sanjeev Singhal – Chairman and Managing Director 
Additional charge and Director Finance, Commander Jasbir Singh Indian Navy Retired Director 
Submarine and Heavy Engineering, Shri Biju George – Director Shipbuilding and Commander 
Vasudev Puranik Indian Navy Director Corporate Planning and Personnel. Without much ado, 
I would invite Shri Singhal for opening remark post which we will open the floor for an 
interactive Q&A session. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
Good evening everybody. First of all, my huge thanks to all the Investor Community for reposing 
your consistent faith in Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders and I assure you that going forward also 
the Company will continue to perform the way it has been performing. This quarter also has 
been a good quarter for us and in fact we have recorded the highest-ever quarterly profit and 
highest ever 9 months profit. 
Of course, a couple of reasons have been there for the good performance which I have indicated 
earlier also that in case of P-75 submarines we have delivered 5 submarines between 2017 to 
2022 and as per the contract as all these submarines were beyond the contractual timelines, 
liquidated damages penalty was levied on MDL. However, MDL has taken up the case with 
Indian Navy giving the justifications why the delay is not attributable to MDL and the 
applications have been considered favorably. 
So, in the last quarter also we have received the refund with respect to third submarine and 
second submarine we have received earlier, third submarine we have received in third quarter, 
and we also expect with respect to fourth submarine also we expect positive results. So, may be 
it could be in this quarter. So, this has been one of the features which has contributed to the profit 
of the company. 
In addition whenever we deliver the platforms prior to the delivery schedule or as per the 
contractual schedule it always has a sobering effect on the costs and a positive effect on the 
profits because in case of delay of any platform, even if the delay is not attributable to MDL and 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
finally the liquidated damages penalty is not levied on MDL, the maintenance of that platform 
and the utilization of labor and other resources of the company over the extended period of time 
adds up to the costs and eats into the profits.  
So, the third destroyer which we delivered in the month of October 23. This destroyer was 
delivered almost 5 months ahead of schedule. So, whenever the deliveries are made ahead of 
schedule there is a consistent and a significant saving in terms of costs which adds to our profits. 
So, with these opening remarks I look forward to your queries and anything which the investors 
would like to know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, my first question is on the nominated 3 add-on submarines. What is the status of it? Will the 
model code of conduct be a deterrent to get it awarded or should we expect it by June? Could 
you talk something on the timeline,  the cost structure that would be really helpful? 
Jasbir Singh: 
As you are aware we have already submitted the bid almost 2 months ago to the Navy and the 
procedure has already started and this procedure as I understand will continue and there are lot 
of activities in between that is the cost committee has to complete their benchmarking, then they 
have to call us for PNC and after PNC contracts will be exchanged. So, it will take a certain 
amount of time . So, with respect to your question of model code of conduct, I think this project 
will be, according to us, be processed parallelly. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, the realistic timeframe in which this letter of award can be issued, is there something that 
we have in mind? 
Jasbir Singh: 
We as MDL are hoping that the order comes earliest and so we are putting all efforts, we have 
all organization in place. We are interacting as quick and  promptly as required with the 
government as well as Indian Navy. However, how much time the government procedures would 
take we won't be able to comment on that. It could be any time, let's say, 4 months to 8 month’s 
time. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My second question is about the P-75I AIP. There are some talks about the German partners 
making approaches to the government straight and saying that they could rework on the timeline 
on a nomination order. Any color on those aspects as far as what is the current status of the 
technical assessment that's going on? 
Jasbir Singh: 
The Technical assessment is there with the Indian Navy so I'll answer that question first. They 
are progressing with the technical assessment, and we know that  it has not concluded  as it also 
includes the Field Evaluation Trial which is part of the technical assessment. So, that is going to 
happen in a few months from now. However, as regards whether the German Government is 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
interacting with the Indian Government we don't have any idea about that. We are aware of our 
input that we received from the Navy for moving ahead with the technical negotiations and the 
technical assessment part. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, any timelines in which this could get completed and new awarding could possibly happen, 
any picture on those aspects? 
Jasbir Singh: 
That timeline as I think the government is also in a way bound as well as we are bound to give 
our inputs as according to the defense acquisition procedure DAP 2020 based on which there is 
a timeline which requires about 8 months to 10 months to conclude. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, my final question is on the slowdown in terms of acceptance of necessities for new vessels 
and even the ones which have got AoN hasn't moved into that building stage, any color on that 
especially on next generation corvettes and the prospect next generation destroyer. 
Biju George: 
The next generation corvettes is still in the pipeline. It's not very clear when we will get the 
opportunity to participate in the RFP, but it is expected shortly. As far as the next generation 
destroyers are concerned that is also in a very preliminary stage of processing, but as far as the 
Navy's force levels are concerned this large combat vessels are as part of the plan for their 
augmentation.  
So, we are definitely a contender for next generation destroyers considering our experience in 
building combat platforms here. So, at this moment we are unable to forecast any clear dates 
when that order is going to become a reality. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, I would like to know if any major delivery that is going to happen from our side for quarter 
4 and any delivery that is expected in FY25? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
As far as the deliveries are concerned, I  just informed that we have delivered one large platform, 
i.e., the third destroyer Imphal in October 23 and under 15 Bravo we have already delivered 
three destroyers. The fourth destroyer we are targeting for delivery in 2024-25 sometime, may 
be in second quarter or early third quarter.  
In addition, with respect to 17A frigates also we would be targeting the delivery of the first 
vessel first frigate in 2024-25 before December this year. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
 CY 24 if I get it correct? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Yes. 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Vignesh Iyer: 
And what is the total value of this destroyer frigate the total project value? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
Project value for 15 Bravo destroyers is roughly 32,000 crores and for the frigates, 4 number of 
frigates, it is around 27,000 crores. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, I just want to know what is the total cash balance with us as on 31st December and how 
much of that cash balance actually is ours I mean minus advance that we have received? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Yes, minus the advances the cash which belongs to the company is slightly in excess of 3,000 
crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Amit Vora an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Vora: 
My question is regarding the improvement in margins, the margins have improved this quarter 
and as compared to last quarter what would you attribute it to? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
I think in my opening remarks itself  I very categorically stated the reasons for the better margins. 
One is the refund of the liquidated damages for the one number of submarine in quarter 3 and 
second our delivery of the third destroyer almost 5 months ahead of schedule. So, these two have 
been the major factors which have contributed to better margins.  
Going ahead, we expect one more refund of the LD with respect to one submarine in quarter 4 
and depending upon the delivery of the fourth destroyer which again we are trying for early 
delivery, there also, there could be better margins. 
Amit Vora: 
You think sir this margins can be sustainable for at least the next two or three quarters? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Yes, this would depend upon the deliveries, but as of now we are expecting that. 
Amit Vora: 
And one more question sir regarding this there is this MDL has signed a contract with European 
clients regarding 3 units of 7,500 DWT. So, this order is apart from the 38,000 order I'm sure it 
is that way only the 38,389-crore order? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
It is a part of the total order book.  
Amit: 
And even along with this ONGC order also is a part of the total order book? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sriharsha K J an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Sriharsha K J: 
In your opening remarks you told that you have received LD amount in Q324 and there is a 
possibility of also receiving LD in Q4. Is it possible to quantify the amount of LD which you 
have received in this quarter and the amount which you probably going to receive in Q4 of 24? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Yes, Q3 is approximately 160 crores and Q4 it would depend upon the assessment of the,  finally 
what is assessed by the Navy. The delay attributable to MDL, but we are expecting a similar 
range 150 crores to 160 crores. 
Sriharsha K J: 
And then your order book for 31st December was 38,389 crore, possible to give the break up or 
by what time you will be liquidating that order backlog? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
Right now the list of orders is slightly longer. So, breakup of each of the orders will be slightly 
difficult, but as far as the liquidation is concerned, 15 Bravo we have already delivered 3 
destroyers, fourth destroyer we target to deliver sometime in second quarter or third quarter of 
FY25.  
So, this would be closing 15 Bravo broadly and 17 alpha frigates we plan to start the deliveries. 
It is 4 frigates. So, we plan to deliver the first frigate by December of 2024-25. This would be 
continuing for another 3 years or so approximately and the balance deliveries with respect to the 
Coast Guard ships and the export orders these would be spread over the next 3 years, 3.5 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I would just plug in a few questions before the line gets actually populated. So, my question is 
more on the strategic view. If you look at the budget allocation for naval fleet in the interim 
budget then the allocation is very, very static. I understand that there are deliveries to be made, 
so most of this budget allocation could be towards the committed liabilities.  
Now since there is no increase compared to last year's revised estimate, is it reasonable to expect 
that some of this ordering that we are expecting might be pushed to next financial year? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
The order actually materializing, in the sense as far as our experience is concerned, there is no 
relation to funds, there has not been any constraint with respect to the funds and whatever 
allocation has been made, as you rightly said, it is with respect to the expenditure which is 
already committed.  
So, even if the orders are getting finalized the expenditure would be flowing in over next couple 
of years. So, during this particular financial year or Financial Year 2025 we don't expect a 
significant buildup of expenditure. So, the budget would not be a constraint in that regard. 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Amit Dixit: 
The second question is essentially if I look at your order inflow for this year now this has been 
pretty impressive in fact compared to other shipbuilders if we look at it, so do we expect some 
more orders in the remaining part of the FY24 or we are mostly done for this year? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
As far as FY24 is concerned if you really look at it for the last couple of years Mazagon Dock 
Shipbuilders has not booked any fresh orders. The last major order was in 2015 that is with 
respect to frigates and then one MRLC in 2017-18.  
Apart from this there has not been any major order booking. So, as far as FY23-24 is concerned 
there have been substantial booking up to December we have booked orders more than 6,000 
crores, including January we have already booked orders more than 7,000 crores and if we go 
into the detailing of these orders, these orders are from the coast guard, these orders are from 
ONGC and these orders are also from the export segment.  
And in fact, there are some small orders from Nepal also. So, there is diversification in all the 
directions. So, we are exploring all these markets and all these segments. FY24 we are almost 
only 1.5 month is remaining so difficult to say whether any further fresh order booking would 
be there in FY24, but going ahead yes we are open to all segments, we'll be exploring them. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, on the ONGC order just wanted to understand that this one is a kind of different kind of 
order as compared to what you normally do. So, can we expect better margins in this order? 
Jasbir Singh: 
As regards ONGC order, as of now we are making inroads into an area where we were there 
about 20 years ago. It will take a while, and we are competing against the people who have been 
earlier already quoting. So, I mean the margins are similar to what the government gives right 
now and more so it's from PSU so there is no higher margin available than what government is 
giving. 
Sanjeev Singhal : 
I can say we are keeping our fingers crossed with respect to the execution of this particular 
project because right now the emphasis is  on the  successful and timely execution , as far as the 
margins are concerned in case we are able to execute it in a timely manner. There should not be 
a much of a concern with respect to margins. 
Amit Dixit: 
And on margins only sir if I look at your margins over last let us say 10 quarters, 12 quarters I 
mean, these have been quite high compared to the other shipbuilders in the country, at least listed 
ones that we are aware of.  
Now you have rightly highlighted some of it has to do with the LD refund, some of it has to do 
with the early delivery. Now early delivery is something that we have been seeing in quite a few 
platforms we have delivered in the recent past. So, is it reasonable to expect that and you also 
indicated that destroyers also you are making all possible endeavors to deliver it ahead of time.  

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
So, is it reasonable to expect that now for us the margin profile has shifted up or we can expect 
that the government will come and the next orders will again pull you down to the similar kind 
of margins as stated in the regulations? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
As far as this is concerned this will always be a cat and mouse game. If on nomination basis 
once you execute an order the figures are out in the open, but at the same time with the 
experience, with the skills gain, with the experience gain and with the improvement in processes 
you also improve your cost structure.  
So, it will always be very situational and different from each project. Some of the projects like 
P-75 Scorpène submarines have been a cost-plus project with certain ceilings with respect to 
expenditure on different heads. The other two contracts which we have been executing, they 
have been hybrid contracts 15 Bravo and 17A.  
Going ahead with respect to the export order, with respect to the coast guard orders, with respect 
to ONGC orders, they are by and large fixed price contracts. So, depending upon the segment 
from which we are getting the order, depending upon the nature of the contract, depending upon 
what kind of experience we have already gained.  
So, there will be a lot of factors which will be having a bearing on profitability. It's difficult to 
say that there would be, with certainty, that there would be stability in the profits at times they 
can be more, at times they can be a bit under strain also. 
Amit Dixit: 
But if I look at it the EBITDA margins have been thankfully consistently better. I mean they 
have been about the conventional range that we have been used to seeing. So, these cost 
efficiencies as I hear from you are there to stay at least? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
Projects which have been continuing for a while. So, now these projects would be culminating 
15 Bravo would be culminating P-75 would be culminating this year, 17 alpha only would be 
continuing for next maybe around 3 years.  
So, with respect to fresh projects it would depend upon whether they are on nomination basis, 
they are on competition basis. What kind of a pricing we are able to get, what kind of timelines 
are there.  
So, had these projects been continuing yes it is more possible to say that similar margins would 
continue, but as the overall order book profile changes, there could be certain shifts in the profit 
margins also both upwards, downward. 
Amit Dixit: 
Another question the data point question essentially what would be the contract liability at this 
stage? 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Contract liabilities they are taken care by the advances so not much of a concern,  they are almost 
similar. Whatever contract liabilities are there approximately 9,000 crores to 10,000 crores 
would be there. Corresponding to that, there is a work in progress also. So, on a net basis there 
would not be any significant amount. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Rahul an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Sir few weeks back or a month back I think we heard about some OFS by the government, is 
there any progress or how is that moving, or would you like to comment on that? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Actually, if you can come back again your voice is not very clear. We couldn't get the query. 
Rahul: 
Sir, there was an OFS, so if you have any update on that. 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Actually, as a government company there is a separate ministry under the Ministry of Finance. 
there is a separate department, the DIPAM- Department of Investment Planning and Asset 
Management which looks into these aspects. So, we would not be privy to their planning and 
their requirements. They have certain targets, I would not know what all companies they are 
targeting for divestment or further OFS. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Prabir from Ratnabali Investment 
Private Limited.  
Prabir: 
Sir, I have two questions. As you are in frigates, destroyers, in submarine, so is there any plan 
you have to diversify into aircraft carrier segment this is number one and number two is I 
understand that you are waiting for the next set of submarine. Now I wanted to know one thing 
like because India roughly has  as per my understanding around 15, 18 submarines whereas our 
adversaries has much more than that. 
So, India must have a long-term plan to acquire more number of submarines. So, can you throw 
some light that how many submarines you're looking at and or a span of how many years so that 
we can understand the scope of opportunity for MDL? 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
You have two queries with respect to the aircraft carrier, I would like to clarify that Mazagon 
Dock Shipbuilders is not looking at aircraft carrier. As per our understanding the requirement of 
these platforms is very few in numbers. Recently one number has been delivered by Cochin 
Shipyard Limited and we don't expect in the near future more than one more may be required.  
So, the kind of facilities which are already available at the CSL there is no reason to replicate 
such facilities where the business volumes are very, very low. With respect to the submarines, 
we are aware Navy must be having their own plans, but as far as the MDL is concerned MDL is 
privy to two projects. One is the additional submarines 3 in numbers Scorpène Class, of which 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
we have already delivered 5 and sixth one we are targeting delivery this year and another 6 
submarines under project P-75I with AIP and lithium-ion batteries for which MDL has submitted 
the bid last year August. So, both these are under evaluation right now and it would take some 
time before the things are finalized, which Director Submarine and Heavy Engineering has 
already replied to a previous query. 
Prabir: 
Sir, I have another question as you are into this frigates and destroyers, so you said that in this 
call only you said MDL have an advantage in destroyer, but not corvettes. So, is there any 
specific capacity required for manufacturing corvettes or if you do not have that capacity so 
whom do you think that edge has to get this kind of order? 
Biju George: 
In fact, we have not made that statement where we have any capacity constraint as far as 
corvettes is concerned. What I was trying to convey was that right now we are not sure when the 
next generation corvettes will materialize.  
As far as corvettes are concerned, in the order of complexity, the first one is destroyers then 
comes the frigates then comes the corvettes. So, in terms of capability here we have made 
corvettes in the past also. So, absolutely there is no deficit in terms of capability. In terms of 
capacity since these are vessels of lower dimensions that also can be very well handled within 
our premises. 
 Sanjeev Singhal: 
Basically, when we are saying that MDL is the only shipyard which has the experience of 
constructing destroyers. So, destroyers is the most complicated naval war platform amongst the 
ships. Corvettes come two notches below. Below destroyer and below frigates. So, these are not 
that complicated vessels.  
We are very much capable of building corvettes capacity-wise, capability wise there are no 
constraints. In fact, for corvettes there could be other yards also who would be capable, we have 
built corvettes earlier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The follow up question from Rohit Natarajan from Antique Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My question is more to do with the fleet of submarines that we have almost like 5 to 6 units 
which could possibly fit the decommissioning way. When do you expect any Medium Refits 
Life Certification for those vessels? 
Jasbir Singh: 
Could you kindly repeat your question? 
Rohit Natarajan: 
So, my question is from the existing fleet of submarines, do you expect the Medium Refits Life 
Certification extension program? 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Jasbir Singh: 
Yes, the Navy has already approached us to give a plan for Medium Refit Life Certifications as 
well as normal refits for Scorpène submarines which is due from 2025. So, there will be a 
consistent flow of submarines for refit to MDL. I mean we hope in that way, and Medium Refit 
cum Life Certification is going on for the second SSK submarine, German submarine.  
Third one is slated after this finishes and thereafter the fourth one, parallelly we will be getting 
the other the Scorpène submarines normal refits. We're hoping to get those starting 2025. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir my final question is on the P-76 your plans with Warship Design Bureau, what is the plan 
over there or in the current status? 
 Jasbir Singh: 
P-76 is   a program which is not being steered by MDL. As you rightly said it is by the Warship 
Design Bureau. So, that we won't be able to tell you much about P-76. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The follow up question from Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, this question I remember few quarters back, I mean you did say that there is a 37 acres of 
land in Nhava Sheva your plans for that and another project being Floating Dry Docks. So, I just 
wanted to understand what is the plan ahead. I mean is there a plan to develop that infrastructure 
over that piece of land? 
Biju George : 
So, we have plans to develop the Nhava yard in the long term and at the same time for short term 
development we have already initiated action. The Floating Dry Dock, which is a floating asset, 
will be constructed and launched from Nhava yard that activity has already started. Seven ships 
for Coast Guard also will be constructed in Nhava yard that also is just getting started.  
By October this year, as far as the Floating Dry Dock is concerned, we will see full-fledged 
activity in Nhava yard and as you already know we have bagged the three projects from the 
Indian Coast Guard out of that 7 vessels we intend to construct and launch from Nhava yard 
using the Floating Dry Dock which is expected to be ready in October 25, i.e, next year.  
So, Nhava yard is going to witness full-fledged activity in the coming days. We have to develop 
some hard stands,  that also we are it's already tendered out and we'll be placing the order shortly. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
What would be the size of this order that you're talking above? 
SAnjeev Singhal: 
Floating Dry Dock is approximately 500 crores and as far as the investment at Nhava is 
concerned right now it is within our CAPEX of approximately 300 crores we are targeting a 
CAPEX including a Nhava yard which could be on a stage wise, but at the same time a full-
fledged plan with respect to development of Nhava yard as an independent shipyard that also is 
in the pipeline. So, once the costs are firmed up that can be mentioned. 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So, if I get it right you said the 300 crore is for the Floating Dry Dock the total expenditure that 
would be needed? 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
500 crores is for the Floating Dry Dock over almost around 2.5 years, 32 months and in addition 
including this there is an expenditure of approximately 300 crores, 350 crores on a per annum 
basis for various infrastructures at Nhava yard including the Floating Dry Dock and maintenance 
CAPEX at existing facilities. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir just from your earlier comment if I got it right P-15 B the destroyer that one delivery pending 
that would get delivered you are expecting that you could deliver that in FY25 if I'm right over 
here, right?  
SAneev Singhal 
Absolutely correct.  
Vignesh Iyear: 
So, I just wanted to know so we have got one more P-75 Kalvari submarines to be delivered that 
would happen when? 
Jasbir Singh: 
It is planned to happen this year in 2024. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Tarjan Nonia an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarjan Nonia: 
We have seen in recent years India has now in different sectors especially India is now more 
looking into the export part, we have already exported Brahmos and all, especially in 
southeastern countries.  
So, are we also looking to export our frigate or something to South Eastern countries like 
Philippines and Vietnam and Malaysia? 
Biju George: 
We had made efforts to export some of these products, but what these countries their defense 
budget is low because they're all developing countries, and the nature of their warfare is also 
different they are not in the blue water Navy.  
So, the maximum what they require is offshore patrol vessels. To some of the countries we have 
given therefore proposals have been given for offshore patrol vessels not only in the Far East 
even in some of the Latin American countries, African countries etc, but there also it is a long 
drawn process because the ministry and in many of these countries it has to operate through lines 
of credit and banks also needs to be involved. So, it's a slightly long drawn process, but we are 
making efforts for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit for closing comments. 

 
Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited  
February 14,2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes, I would like to thank the management for sparing their valuable time this evening and 
thanks to all the participants for attending this call. Before we conclude, I would like to turn the 
call back to Shri. Singhal for his closing comments if any. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Singhal: 
It's always a pleasure to interact with the investors and in fact it gives a lot of insight to the 
company management also what is the understanding of the market and what expectations are 
there with respect to various projects and other areas which can be looked by MDL. So, this has 
been a very interactive session and we enjoyed it thoroughly. Thank you very much. All the best 
and wish you all a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
