Regd. Off: H.No. 8-2-293/82/A/1286 , Plot No. 1286, Road No. 1 & 65, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033, Telangana, INDIA. 
Tel. : +91-40-23391221, 23391222, Fax: 23326789, 23318090 Email : hfl@heritagefoods.in, Website : www.heritagefoods.in 
FSMS002 
HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
CIN: L15209TG1992PLC014332 
AN ISO: 22000 CERTIFIED COMPANY 
Ref: SECT: STOC: 12-24 
2nd February, 2024 
To 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 519552 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: HERITGFOOD 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/Analyst 
In Continuation of our letter dated January 10, 2024 the Company had organized a conference call 
with the Investors/Analysts on Wednesday, January 31, 2024 at 11.00 AM (IST). A copy of 
Transcript of conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same 
has also been available on the Company's Website at www.heritagefoods.in. 
Kindly take the same on record and display the same on the website of your exchange. 
Thanks & Regards, 
For HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
UMAKANTA BARIK 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No: FCS-6317
UMAKAN
TA BARIK
Digitally signed by 
UMAKANTA BARIK 
Date: 2024.02.02 
15:34:36 +05'30'

 
 
HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED 
 
Q3 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
       
 
      
             
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mrs. N Brahmani – Executive Director 
Dr. M Sambasiva Rao – President 
Mr. A Prabhakara Naidu – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Srideep M Kesavan – Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. J Samba Murthy – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Umakanta Barik – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mr. Upendra Pandey – Chief Executive Officer, Heritage Nutrivet Limited 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
Mr. Anuj Sonpal – Valorem Advisors 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 1 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Heritage Foods Q3 FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal. Thank you and over to you 
Sir! 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone, very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Heritage Foods 
Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
company’s earnings call for the third quarter and nine months ended of financial year 
2024. Before we begin let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today’s earnings call maybe forward looking in nature. Such forward 
looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to 
defer from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s belief as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making 
any investment decision. The purpose of today’s earnings call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. Let me introduce to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call 
and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mrs. N Brahmani– 
Executive Director, Dr. M. Sambasiva Rao - President, Mr. Srideep N Kesavan – Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. A. Prabhakar Naidu – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. J. Samba 
Murthy – Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Upendra Pandey – CEO of Heritage Nutrivet 
Limited and Mr. Umakanta Bakri – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. Now 
without any further delay I request president Dr. M. Sambasiva Rao to make his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Thank you Anuj. Good morning to everyone joining us today on this call. We are pleased 
to welcome you all to this earnings call for the third quarter and nine months ended for the 
financial year 2024. The financial results and the earnings presentation have been uploaded 
on the exchanges and I hope you must have had a chance to look at them. Let me take you 
through the financial performance on a consolidated basis followed by the operational 
highlights. For third quarter under review Heritage Foods registered a revenue of 941 
Crores representing a growth of 20% year on year. This was driven by strong volume 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
growth in value added products due to higher rate of consumer acquisition and retention, 
continued market expansion and availability improvement. 
 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.52 Crores which grew by around 60% year on year. 
EBITDA margins were reported at 5.52%, which is an improvement of 70 basis points 
compared to Q2 of this year as we were able to take advantage of a good flush season 
accompanied by softening of raw milk prices. Similarly, net profit for the quarter was 
Rs.27 Crores which grew by 96% year on year with PAT margins reported at 2.86%. For 
the nine months ended for the financial year 2024, our revenues grew by 17% year on year 
to Rs.2843 Crores. EBITDA was Rs.139 Crores representing a strong growth of 45% with 
EBITDA margins improving to 4.9%. Net profit for the nine months was Rs.66 Crores 
which has seen a significant improvement of 65% on year-on-year basis with PAT margins 
improving to 2.32%.  
 
Now moving on to the operational performance. Our milk volume sales registered an 
improving trend of year-on-year growth with volumes growing by 25,000 litres per day 
which is 2.32% over the previous year same period. The consumer price increases we took 
in Q1 and Q2 resulted in average milk selling price increase of Rs. 2.71 paisa per litre to 
taking it to Rs.55 per litre in this quarter. In terms of milk procurement, we continued our 
strong growth with a 14.3% year on year growth reaching an average of 1.63 million litres 
per day. The average milk procurement prices reduced by 57 paisa per litre to Rs.43.09 per 
litre in this period. The value-added products portfolio continued on its strong growth 
momentum of 23% year on year amounting to Rs.245 Crores with a growth across all 
product clusters. The overall contribution of value-added products to our revenue stood at 
26.5% for the quarter. To further boost milk sales and revenue, we introduced new variants 
of super gold and mid high fats variant and Gada dudh a mid fat variant. No, we open the 
floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi, good morning Sir and thanks for taking my question. Just one actually so I see there is 
still a large component of fat sales in this quarter and last quarter there was an indication 
that large part of our bulk fat which was procured in the previous flush season has been 
liquidated. So I am just wondering if this is a new normal wherein fat percentage in overall 
sales has actually increased now for the next few years and also if you could help me with 
the element of fat losses which have booked in 3Q and also year to date. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Company Speaker: 
Thank you Sameer for that question. On the specific usage of the word new normal, I 
would not use that word at all. We had a very strong flush season which has resulted in 
milk procurement growth which has been very strong for us which means that the milk 
procurement has grown much faster than the sales volume growth and that has resulted in 
bulk fat accumulation and as a policy of the company as in we did not take the speculative 
view and we have liquidated the fat at market prices, that does not mean it will remain like 
that forever because the moment we come off the flush, the milk procurement will 
normalize and it will match with our sales volumes and the return to normal would happen. 
In terms of the specific question on the losses that are specific to bulk fat disposal, this 
quarter we had 15.5 Crores of losses on account of bulk fat disposal, which is roughly 
about 2% of our revenue. So without bulk fat disposal, you can presume that our EBITDA 
and profit margin would have been 2% higher. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Just a clarification on this. This is basically when you are assuming that the gross margin is 
zero on this product because if you are buying and selling in the same quarter, I am 
assuming there is not going to be lot of price fluctuation in the buying price and selling 
price. 
Company Speaker: 
There would not be much price fluctuations, but there is always a price difference. The 
reason is that the price at which you will sell a commodity is not the same as the price at 
which you sell a branded consumer product. So our realizations in consumer product sale 
is much higher compared to our commodity sale and especially in a flush season where 
there is a lot of fat available, which is bulk butter available in the market, obviously the 
prices also would be softer, but we would rather not take a speculative view and liquidate 
it and keep our inventory clean than speculate and keep it for the future. I hope you will 
appreciate that. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Just one follow up Sir. So when you say 15.5 Crores losses, basically this is more of an 
accounting allocation rather than actual losses. Is that understanding correct? 
Company Speaker: 
No we have actually sold this butter. Actual loss. We do not have this butter anymore. Our 
inventory is clean. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it Sir. That is all from me. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vandit Dharamshi from Alpha Invesco. 
Please go ahead. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Congratulations Sir on great set of numbers. I have two, three questions. One to start with, 
if you can speak about how do you intent to scale up the Heritage Touch app. I think we 
have the app and a lot of other competitors are really scaling up their app subscription-
based model. So we as a company do we intend to focus on Heritage Touch app per se or 
how do we see that going forward that is first question. 
Company Speaker: 
We have had great learning in working with Heritage Touch app while it was amazing tool 
in terms of creating a direct to consumer connect as well as building subscription base 
what we also realized was there was a plethora of mobile applications that are there and a 
large number of consumers were uninstalling this. So we figured out a better and more 
effective way of building a direct e-commerce business. We are at the early stage of doing 
this and this is leveraging the WhatsApp commerce model and we are at very early stage 
on this. We have done a very successful pilot in Bangalore and now we are extending that 
in Hyderabad and many other markets. We already have more than 1000 plus subscriptions 
that we have acquired through this and we intend to scale it many fold. 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Sir if you can speak more about the WhatsApp commerce model in terms of how are we 
reaching to the customer? What would be the customer acquisition cost if any? 
Company Speaker: 
Yes the customer acquisition cost roughly would be around Rs.400, but the model that we 
have implemented has got a very high retention rate, it is upwards of 98%, which means 
that it is actually a very profitable model for us. But like I said, we have just done some 
pilots and we are in the process of scaling up. WhatsApp is an app I hope that nobody will 
uninstall from the phone. So that is far more sure way of reaching our direct to consumer 
compared to our own application. 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Understood Sir and second question Sir if you can speak about how are we placing 
ourselves in the modern trade channel. I think last time when you spoke we did around 
10% of our sales from modern trade channel. So this quarter, what is the sales number and 
how do we place ourselves? Because I think in few states, I think our products were not 
available when I happen to check in the state of Tamil Nadu to say so, but how are we 
placing ourselves Sir in modern trade channel? 
Company Speaker: 
Yes so I presume when you say modern trade, you mean to say e-commerce and modern 
trade, we have never spoken about right. So roughly our contribution is about 11% from e-
commerce and modern trade in terms of revenue and the mix would be different in 
different states like you rightly said, it will be slightly higher in our core markets. It will be 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
slightly lower in other markets, but the good news is that in every market that we are 
present including Maharashtra and Delhi NCR, we are growing our presence in modern 
trade channels including even Tamil Nadu also in the last one quarter, we have made 
significant progress in terms of rest of Tamil Nadu. Chennai we always had a good 
presence in modern trade channels, but in the rest of Tamil Nadu also we have deepened 
our presence and this will only continue to improve. 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Okay and last question from my end, it is a bookkeeping question, if you can just give a 
state wise revenue split for this quarter versus last year? 
Company Speaker: 
It is more or less same like last year to this year there is no change and we are sharing this 
on a one-to-one basis. We can perhaps get back to you. 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Okay Sir. Thank you so much. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitanshi from Abakkus Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Mitanshi: 
Sir I was just wondering is the promoter looking to sell stake in the company? 
Brahmani: 
I do not know why you have the impression. This is Brahmani here executive director as a 
promoter family we are tied to the company and in fact given the feasibility of resources 
etc. If anything it would be the opposite as a promoter family. 
Mitanshi: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resha Mehta from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Resha Mehta: 
Yes, Sir. Thank you so one is again on the fat losses, so for nine months totally we have 
booked around 27 Crores of fat losses is that number correct or is that a little bit on the 
higher side? 
Company Speaker: 
It is close to 33 Crores. It is 32.62 Crores. So you may recall in the last quarter I had said 
about 17.5 Crores in this quarter it is about 15.5 so roughly around 33. 
Resha Mehta: 
33 and how much more are we looking at from a Q4 standpoint? Any directional sense. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Company Speaker: 
Resha last quarter itself we explained the principle in which we do. If the incoming fat is 
more than the outgoing fat what we are doing is that we are keeping only two months of 
stock whatever is required for our current business or current quarter operations and the 
rest we are liquidating at spot prices because the prices could go up or go down as far as 
investors are concerned this is a far cleaner model because this is more what do you call it 
like there is no speculation involved, right, as in it is a more predictable model. So going 
by the same principle, at this point in time we are holding only about two months of stock, 
which means it is not like we are sitting on a stock that we need to liquidate at a price or 
something like that. We are coming off the flush so basically by about mid of February, 
the flush volumes would come down and we have already seen that coming down, which 
means that the input and output should more or less match, which means that the surplus 
that we generate which will come down and it is already coming down. So it is a gradual 
process and this happens every year. Last year we may not have seen this because we did 
not have flush, and the contrary of not having a flush was that the raw milk prices had shot 
up this year even though we had the problem of a surplus fat. The good news is that the 
raw milk prices came down, which actually helped despite the losses that we had booked 
in the bulk fat sale we were able to improve our models and there is also something that I 
would like to talk about that our consumer pack sale of fat products, whether it is ghee or 
table butter are all registering strong growth. For example, table butter for us is growing at 
60%. Ghee is growing at about 25-26%, so which means that as we grow our consumer 
pack sale over a period in time we will be on net deficit as far as fats are concerned. Over a 
long period of time that is how we intend to solve this problem. 
Resha Mehta: 
Understood Sir two months stock is what you are all working with. The second question is 
basically on value added products is something that has been driving our top line growth as 
well and we have done very well on the top line growth right over the last several years 
quarters, but value-added products clearly the margins were just a tad bit higher like 250-
300 BPS higher versus the liquid milk like at around 8 odd percent or so. While ideally we 
are supposed to be double of liquid milk products, but we had the strategy of driving top 
line growth for value added products. So can we see a scenario now that maybe let us say 
instead of growing at 20% top line, why not we grow at let us say 15% but with the aim of 
trying to get higher margins to the tune of let us say seven odd percent or so and maybe 
value-added products margins going up will be a contributor to the overall company 
margins so what are your thoughts on basically this balance between top line growth and 
margins. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Company Speaker: 
Resha I think have had this discussion when we met previously also. We are working 
towards the interest of long-term shareholders and when we think about long term 
shareholder wealth creation, we have to build a robust business model that will deliver 
consistently and predictably over a longer period in time. If I look at value added products, 
while 23% is the revenue growth that you are seeing, 19% of that has come on account of 
volume growth, 19%, that is quite significant volume growth that we have been able to 
register on value added products in Q3. Only 4% has come on account of prices. We could 
have increased the prices. Whereas in milk we have increased prices by about 8.5%. So if 
we had taken value added products prices along the same line as milk and taken it up to 
8.5% my volume growth would have come down. But what is sustainable for the company 
is that today I have got a much wider consumer base than I had in the same period last year 
and I have experience and we have data that shows us that we have got a much higher 
consumer retention, the frequency of purchase of our products across many of the channels 
wherever we are able to procure data especially from the modern trade channels and all of 
that, the frequency of purchase has gone up. We have gained significant market share 
gains for our value-added products in cities like Bangalore and Chennai. These are all 
things that we can always encash at any point of time. 
Resha Mehta: 
So I understand we are more focused on market share versus the bottom line at least as far 
as value added products are concerned. But also on the flip side, how do we think about 
like let us say when you actually want to start focusing on bottom line on value added 
products and increase the prices of value-added products in line with the industry? How 
would the consumers react because they have been used to let us say maybe a slightly 
discounted value-added product from Heritage versus the market or is my understanding 
not correct here? 
Company Speaker: 
Sorry the understanding is slightly wrong. We are only comparing ourselves to ourselves. 
So when I said 4.5%, 4% price increase, we are talking about last year, our prices 
compared to last year same period. In any market for any product, Heritage always sells at 
a premium compared to any of the competition. So especially the cooperatives or the large 
national brand, you can check it online wherever you are on Big Basket or Swiggy or 
whichever apps that you have. Our prices are always higher compared to our competition 
yet we are gaining market share. So it is just a timing issue. We shall take the right 
decision at the right time to take the prices up. So we are not saying that we are going to 
keep the prices constant or artificially low for a longer period in time. This year summer 
actually was a washout as you may recall from the Q1 earnings call. We had mentioned 
that first quarter summer was washed out due to excessive rains and cold weather which 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
prevailed over north India and that is the reason why we did not increase prices during 
summer and most of our value-added products are summer dependent. So usually summer 
is the time when we take the prices up. So there is an opportunity this summer which will 
come up. The only difference is that we are sitting on a much sider consumer base 
compared to last year so the net incremental gain that we will have will be much bigger 
instead compared to had we taken the prices in the offseason. 
Moderator: 
The next participant is Alisha Mahawla from Envision Capital. Please go ahead. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Hi Sir, good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. Just taking forward with the 
previous participant was asking while you said that currently the focus for value I added 
products is more on market share then what are the other levers we had to reach the 
aspiration of 7-8% margins that you have been calling out for the last couple of quarters? 
Company Speaker: 
So we had mentioned a couple of levers that we are working on. One is the value-added 
products growth. Value added products growth increasing in contribution by about 10 
percentage reaching 40% mark is an ambition that we are working with which should help 
us improve our steady state bottom line by about 1%. Second thing is there are lots of 
value creation opportunities or energy saving initiatives that we are working on which 
helps us reduce our operating costs and increase the margin spread. These are two things 
that we are working on which will help us structurally improve the performance of the 
company in addition to of course the ups and downs which are driven by the volatility of 
the commodities. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
The butter fat losses for quarter of 15 Crores, we were liquidating our butter inventory in 
the stock. Is this all with relation to that only? 
Company Speaker: 
So let me just clarify the difference of incoming fats from the raw milk that we procure 
and the outgoing fats is resulting in surplus fat generation which is getting liquidated as 
bulk butter. So what we usually do is we convert them into butter and after keeping two 
months of inventory whatever we require for our internal use, the rest of which we are 
liquidating as bulk commodities. 
Company Speaker1: 
Just to expand. There was an option of holding it for some time, butter shelf life is more 
than a year, it can be maintained in the cold stores for next six months, nine months, one 
year and sell when the prices move upwards that is an option or sell it off from the spot 
prices during the quarter without any element of speculation so we have almost sold out all 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
the surplus generated in the nine months. We only have couple of month’s internal 
required stock and some more will get generated in this quarter maybe for the first six 
weeks or seven weeks in this quarter. Second half of the quarter we expect procurement 
volumes and sales volumes to match without leaving any surplus generation so the surplus 
fat generation is gradually coming down as demand is increasing and procurement 
volumes are coming down so we end the year with limited butter stock available for the 
consumption in coming months. I hope this is clear. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Got it understood and we had an aspiration to reach 6000 Crores, by when do we expect to 
touch this target. 
Company Speaker: 
I think what we should look, you can look at our performance in the last several quarters 
and not just this quarter, in fact you can look at our steady performance post COVID has 
been in high teens. So you can do the extrapolation yourself. It is likely in the next two or 
three years. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Okay great. That is it right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan By 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Thanks for giving me the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the milk prices. So your 
thoughts on the same and if there is any stability should we expect even the milk volume to 
gradually pick up in the context of this? 
Company Speaker: 
See one is the industry availability. Industry availability, you can say will influence plus or 
minus 3 or 4 percentage on either side, which is the difference between a bad year and a 
good year. Last year at the same time was a very exceptionally bad year where the industry 
volumes had shrunk. This year is a normal year. I would not say an exceptionally good 
year but a normal year where there was sufficient milk available, so industry volumes 
definitely impact our ability to procure, but on top of it, we have been consistently building 
our procurement network. Every quarter we have been telling you about the procurement 
network expansion, which is now standing at close to about 11,000 villages, 198 chilling 
centers, etc which is also helping us expand our capacity to procure a volume. So we do 
not see that procuring the volume that is required for our business as a challenge. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Okay and in terms of the overall milk as a product for you when can we see the growth 
rate improving over there? 
Company Speaker: 
Are you talking about milk volume growth? 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Yes. 
Company Speaker: 
Yes so milk volume growth see as I mentioned in Q1 we had taken price increases on milk 
because of the exceptionally high raw milk prices and the resultant losses and those 
significant price increases that we had taken in Q1 had pushed milk to stagnant levels or 
even a small degrowth. You may recall from our Q1 earnings call that we mentioned milk 
was at -1% in terms of volume growth which steadily improved to plus one percentage in 
Q2 and now we are standing about 2.4% and these are quarterly averages so you can 
imagine that month on month we are seeing steady growth in terms of milk volume 
performance as well. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Kothari from Unique PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Thanks for opportunity Sir and congratulations for quarter-on-quarter improvement and 
the efforts we are taking. Sir my question is little broader as you said for a long-term value 
investors and to create a sustainable value we have some strategy and that is why we are 
increasing our continuous volume procurement and over time we want to match them with 
milk sales and value-added products but in between this fact is giving challenge. So do you 
have any solution maybe a little longer time frame what is the solution to this because 
every year we are losing 30-40 Crores because of this? So little bit more explanation on 
this will be really helpful. 
Company Speaker: 
This is something that we are working on right. This is a challenge in the dairy industry, 
the material balance which is balancing the input versus output and for us the solution lies 
not in controlling the input, but actually changing the mix of the output. Currently the mix 
of the output for us is let us say milk, value added products and consumer fats on one side 
and then you have the bulk fats. So we are working on an effective strategy which will 
increase the output through the consumer products whether it is milk, value added products 
or consumer fats whether it is ghee or let us say table butter and all of that and I think we 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
have been consistently reporting for the last many quarters over many calls that our value-
added products including consumer fat, ghee and all are registering strong growth. So we 
roughly sell about 300 tonnes of ghee every month. Now if the 300 tonnes of ghee instead 
of that if it becomes 600 tonnes of ghee then we will become net deficit in terms of butter 
is concerned. So we are slowly working on changing the mix so that we are actually in a 
deficit scenario and not a surplus scenario. But the surplus is also a function of milk 
availability and this has been an exceptionally good year as far as the milk availability is 
concerned, which resulted in surplus milk and hence surplus butter. This may not be the 
case all the time. Like last year, we were not in the situation where we did not have 
actually surplus at all. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Sir broadly I think you being in industry you must be observing other players also is that 
procurement cost lower compared to ours. So are we changing some strategy or maybe 
from buffalo milk to cow milk, how that shift is happening, when that will be reflected in 
our procurement cost being lower because that is also hurting us more or less very highly. 
Company Speaker: 
See the procurement prices that we pay is very similar to any of our nearest competitor. 
We cannot go to a village and procure milk if we are paying less or higher of course we 
can procure a lot of milk if you pay higher than competitive, but that is not warranted, 
right. So most of the procurement happens on parity pricing but that said, there is a 
difference in the mix by region. For example, all of us in the peer group we must know all 
the companies that are there, we are all procuring from six or seven or eight states and the 
mix or the ratio of mix would be different for different companies. Like we have certain 
percentage of milk coming from Andhra Pradesh, certain percentage coming from 
Maharashtra, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, etc and the prizes in each of these states are differ 
and the weighted average price would look a little different compared to our competitors. 
Secondly, the prices that we declare as far as our raw milk procurement prices are 
delivered to our plants, which involves freight and incentives and all, whereas I think some 
of our competitors might be reporting farm prices, so there also you will find Rs.1.5 to 
Rs.2 difference but otherwise at a farm level in the same region, the procurement prices are 
all comparable. 
Company Speaker1: 
And just to supplement that Sunil Ji our share of cow milk is growing over a period of 
time. That would bring down the average cost of milk. Secondly, the price fluctuation in 
different states happen at different points in time. In a particular state where we have high 
volume, the price may be higher in one season lower in another season, so this average 
would not be constant over a period 2-3 years if you see one year Maharashtra price went 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
as high as Rs.40 a litre for cow milk and it came down to as low as Rs.25.00. So in that 
year, if a particular company is procuring more in Maharashtra, the Rs.40 per litre would 
influence the average cost in other season when it comes down to Rs.30 it would be 
showing for the same company a lower average cost, so the mix of cow and buffalo ratio 
and the mix of milk coming from different states in different seasons will give you 
different signals. Overnight shift is not possible because you have relationship with 
farmers, you have infrastructure built. So we gradually balance the mixes both from cow 
and buffalo, also from territories and the territories are not very stable. It keeps fluctuating 
so it is a seasonal scenario. Every season one ratio will be different from other. 
Sunil Kothari: 
We have our objective of reaching some size of procurement liters per day whatever 
number already we are really growing well crossed 16 lakh litre per day also. So Sir over a 
time will we be moving more towards cow milk that is certain. 
Company Speaker1: 
Yes we are expanding mostly in the cow milk areas now enhancing the ratio of cow milk 
in our mix. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Garg from Nirma Capital Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Garg: 
Hello Sir. Sir my first question is regarding the volume growth. After being struck in 
similar region for 3-4 years last couple of years has been very good for us as far as milk 
procurement is concerned. In your view if our company has to grow 13-14% or even 12-
13% volume growth over next 2-3 years what are the few strategic things we need to do as 
a firm to make that happen rest everything will fall into place if we get this procurement 
piece right. 
Company Speaker: 
Ankit thanks for that question. Let me solve the chicken and egg for you because we all 
feel that it is procurement that leads to our sales. It is the other way around. Actually it is 
the sales that needs procurement because we procure the milk that is required for our sales 
purpose and procurement expansion happens by adding more village level collection 
centers VLCC in the region of interest and each average village level collection center 
usually brings about 25 odd famers and roughly around 200 litres of milk so suppose let us 
say for example my strategy next year I need to increase my procurement by about 10% or 
about a lakh litre which means that I need to add as many village level centers to get me 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
the milk. I hope I am able to explain that. If I add 500 to 600 village level collection 
centers I would be able to get 1.5 to 2 lakh litres of milk and this we are able to do 
strategically as we were explaining earlier different states have got different price scenario 
and different states have got a different ratio of cow milk and buffalo milk so if the 
company’s interest or objective is to grow the procurement network in cow milk 
dominated areas and where prices are lower we will go and set up these village level 
collection centers in those regions and we will procure that and to give you some statistics 
in the last two years alone we have added about 2200 village level collection centers, 
which means that we have established and this village level collection center is going to 
remain forever, which means that we have permanently added our ability to procure 4 to 5 
lakh litres of milk and next year depending on the requirement that we have we will add as 
many village level collection centers that are required to get this milk. 
Ankit Garg: 
Sure thank you so much Sir for that explanation second Sir if my understanding is right if I 
just add this 15 Crores fat loss that you had we are then already at like but close to 7% 
EBITDA margin for our company assuming you are on steady state basis were you keep 
having some losses is it fair to assume that at this level of sales we are between 6.5% to 
7% steady state EBITDA margin on normalize quarter without fat losses? 
Company Speaker: 
You are right. Your first number was correct. We are at 7.5% EBITDA margin at this point 
in time without bulk fats. Even though bulk fat losses will come down in Q4, it may not 
become zero, right? But yes, your assumption is right. But that said Ankit, I should tell you 
that this is at this level of raw milk prices. Raw milk prices could change over a period in 
time so work is not done. We still need to increase our value-added product contribution. 
We still need to take up the prices that Resha was alluding to in value added products. So 
we still have that four or five percentage pricing opportunity in value added products 
which we will realize during summer. We still have to reduce our cost of operation. We 
still have a long way to go. 
Ankit Garg: 
Thank you so much Sir and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi Sir, two follow-ups from me. Firstly, this process of selling all the extra fat that we 
have procured except for keeping two months of inventory is this is a process change that 
we have done in recent times or is it something a practice that we always used to follow 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
and maybe during COVID and exceptional year we have changed. So reason why I am 
asking is that if there is such a situation, we can expect much more margin stability in 
future versus the past. 
Company Speaker: 
Yes we had this problem, but the size was smaller in the earlier years. Size of surplus fat 
was smaller because our volume of sale and volume of procurement was closer to each 
other Last financial year we have accumulated anticipating the shortages in this year, but 
this year has become a normal year so some of the fat was available in the opening of the 
financial year. On 1st April itself we had significant 2000 tonnes of opening stock for the 
financial year. That got impacted significantly this year besides the higher procurement 
volume during this quarter when the demand was low so this is a combination or 
convergence of two years fat happen in one year. Main part of the last year and this year 
also something happened so that is why it looks significantly high during the current year. 
The next year onwards as we are entering into again the season of sales, summer season 
balancing should be achieved sooner and we have to see how the flush pans out in the third 
quarter again and third quarter coming year will not have opening stock burden of last year 
kind of scenario. 
Company Speaker: 
If I could just add the specific question Sameer about policy, see the company always 
maintained this policy of carrying only two or three months of stock. Last year was the 
only aberration because last year the volumes have shrunk so much that we were not very 
sure and you are all aware of how the procurement prices shot up. So it was a safety call 
for safety that prompted us to keep some stocks. We never had these kind of extreme 
swings from a year of shortage to a year of surplus kind of thing and that has what has 
costed us. But the policy has always been for the company to liquidate extra stock.  
Company Speaker: 
Excess was not regularly if that is the reason, it is visible significantly because of 
accumulation of last year's stock added into this financial year. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it Sir. That's very clear. Another follow up, the fat products sales that you report in the 
presentation, does it only pertain to the bulk fat or it also includes the branded fat that is 
ghee and table butter that you sell under Heritage brand? 
Company Speaker: 
This fat includes everything but if I were to call out only consumer fat sale. Currently in 
the quarter that we just closed our consumer fats were close to about 93 Crores. 
Sameer Gupta: 
93 Crores is the branded. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Samba Murthy: 
The consumer pack sale during the quarter is 41 Crores and nine months it is 108 Crores. 
Company Speaker: 
So correction there. Thanks a lot Samba Murthy for stepping in. The 93 Crores is the 
cumulative sale out of which 41 Crores is consumer sale and 52 Crores is bulk commodity 
sale. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Very clear Sir that is all for me thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next followup question is from the line of Vandit Dharamshi from Alpha 
Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir in the previous comments you said that going 
ahead our cow milk mix will move slightly higher and that should improve our 
procurement price. So I mean if you can just split I mean what percentage improvement 
can we seen in the procurement price over the next two or three years whenever as the cow 
milk sales or the cow milk mix reaches to a certain level. So if you can give the level 
where we are today and where we will reach and what will be the improvement in the 
procurement price? 
Company Speaker: 
See we are seeing two to three percentage shift from buffalo milk contribution to cow milk 
contribution year on year. Currently we are about 80:20 in terms of regional. So if you take 
nine months it will be more like 70:30 or 72:28 and the difference in prices between cow 
milk and buffalo milk is roughly around Rs.15 a litre. If you have a 10% swing from one 
to the other that will impact about 1 to Rs. 1.5 per liter. So that is the kind of impact that 
could be there over two- or three-years’ time frame. 
Vandit Dharamshi: 
Understood thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shreyans J from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreyans: 
I have a very basic question, so from what I understand the shelf life of fat or SMP as you 
call it is normally about 15 to 18 odd months. So I am just trying to understand why do we 
then every quarter sell with prices which are below our cost because we understand these 
books of business cycle. So I am just trying to understand, can we not hold the stock for 
about 12-15 odd months and then accordingly sell it. You can obviously sell it as a WAP 
or then if it does not get sold then sell the bulk commodity rather than selling at distressed 
prices every quarter. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Company Speaker: 
See like any product butter also stored in bulk starts to deteriorate, even though it might 
have a shelf life of 12 months, the quality of the butter deteriorates as the time goes. 
Secondly, there is a carrying cost, right and these are like when it sits in an inventory it is 
hundreds of Crores. There is a working capital that is involved. There is a cold room that 
we need to keep running, electricity consumption and all of that and all of it is speculative 
in nature because we really do not know where it is going. See we are dealing an industry 
which produces close to 200 million tonnes of milk and contribution of our share in this 
play is very small, even the largest dairy brand in the country has only 10% share so the 
forces that we have to face as far as the volatility of commodity prices are huge and there 
is also global volatility that we have to deal with. I do not think it is really worth the effort 
and we are not in the business of speculation and if let us say tomorrow if our value added 
products go up and we really need this butter it is always available in the market and we 
can buy them because eventually what we want to build is a business which is dependent 
on sales requirement and B2C is more predictable in the sense we will be able to explain to 
you that this is a sales price and this is a prices of the commodity that we have purchased 
to clear sourcing. 
Shreyans: 
Sir my second question is, if I look at your business, what portion of your business will be 
non south for you right now versus five years back? 
Company Speaker: 
I could about 10% is non south. 
Shreyans: 
And what was this number say five years back? 
Company Speaker: 
We will have to come back to you on that. 
Company Speaker: 
For our business value added products are growing faster than milk within value added 
products non curd products are growing faster than curd. I mentioned that non south be 
about 10%. I just added further saying that non south is growing faster than south. 
Company Speaker: 
Sir if you could just send your question to Valorem we will get back to you. 
Shreyans: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abinash from Nafa Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Abinash: 
Hi Sir congrats on the good set of numbers. I can see that the value-added product has 
grown year on year, but could you just give us the margin, how is the margin reflected for 
the value-added products for this quarter, previous quarter, and the same quarter last year. 
Thank you. 
Samba Murthy: 
EBITDA margin for the current Q3 value added products is 9.9%, corresponding year 
9.27. 
Abinash: 
So one follow up question, do you have any target margin that we have in mind for value 
added products? How do we progress from here, are we seeing mid teens so what do we 
have in mind? 
Company Speaker: 
Ideally the value-added products still have a pricing opportunity of three to four percentage 
from the current level. So that should give us upside in the coming quarters. 
Abinash: 
Thank you Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ramesh Thota individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ramesh Thota: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So I have a couple of questions. One is can you just tell me 
what is your current growth in Q3? 
Samba Murthy: 
Growth is 15%. 
Ramesh Thota: 
Is it on volume growth since we have taken multiple price increases in last year. This 15% 
does it have price impact also in it? 
Samba Murthy: 
No this is volume growth. Value growth is 18%. 
Ramesh Thota: 
So I know so many have been asking about fat loses. One small question on fat loses. How 
much tonnage of fat could we liquidate in the current quarter? 
Company Speaker: 
1700 tonnes bulk sale. 
Ramesh Thota: 
You said total consumer fat sale is around 93 Crores in quarter. Does it include this bulk 
butter sale or is it excluding that bulk butter sale? 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Company Speaker: 
No I corrected 93 is inclusive of everything. The consumer product sale is 41 Crores, 
roughly half of it. 
Ramesh Thota: 
Okay you meant 93 Crores is complete butter fat sale in the current quarter? Is my 
understanding right? 
Company Speaker: 
Only half of it is consumer and half of it is bulk roughly. 
Ramesh Thota: 
Okay and one futuristic question. So what is our outlook on next season. Q4, Q1 being our 
seasons for fat, curd and all. Last quarter Q1 we were having industry slow down which 
already you told in Q1 investor call. So what is our outlook for next season? Are we going 
to have a 20% growth, 25% growth in that as we have in this quarter? Is it like that or is 
there a slowdown in the market? 
Company Speaker: 
See the only thing which is outside of our control is how the milk production happens, 
right, because the sales mostly in our hands and are growing that steadily. So you can 
continue to expect steady growth of our volumes and revenues going into next year. As far 
as the supply side at this point in time, the indications are that it will be normal. We are not 
expecting terrible shortage or huge price increases, but then it has to be seen. 
Ramesh Thota: 
So are we targeting our next year some 15-20% growth in overall revenue we currently are 
growing at 2 to 2.5% for you are we continuing targeting 2.5 to 3% next year also. 
Company Speaker: 
You are probably comparing volume growth with revenue growth because 2.5% is the 
volume growth so are you talking about volume growth or revenue growth? Revenue is 
revenue is a function of price increases plus volume growth. It is a function of both 
happening. So there could be years when volume growth is slightly muted, but the pricing 
growth is higher. There could be years when pricing growth is slightly muted, but volume 
growth will be higher. Irrespective what we are committed to is keeping the top line 
growing at a steady pace. 
Ramesh Thota: 
So my question was slightly different. Since the current year we have not taken much price 
increases unlike last year since we had a milk shortage. 
Company Speaker: 
Ramesh sorry to intervene, but just to save time, I think there is a little bit 
misunderstanding of the context this year see there are two pricing we are talking about. 
One is raw milk pricing which is actually the input commodity for our business and the 
second is market pricing, whether it is milk or value-added products. There were a lot of 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
discussions around value added pricing, milk pricing and all of that. So maybe it has been 
a little bit confusing. Just to give a context, last financial year was a year when India faced 
a severe shortage of milk which resulted in raw milk prices going up, which actually put a 
strain on profitability of not just Heritage but many other dairy companies as well. And 
this we are speaking about three to four quarters back and these high prices of raw milk or 
input material. prompted us to increase market prices of milk in Q1 of this year. In fact, we 
had started increasing prices from March of this year, which was Q4 of last financial year 
itself. And we continue to take prices across markets from March of 2023 till about June, 
July of 2023, which is actually Q1 and Q2 were quarters where we took market prices up. 
Primarily we took prices up in milk and we took nominal price increases in value added 
products. Subsequently in Q3 what we have seen is that we had a regular flush season 
which means that supply side improved significantly compared to same period last year 
that resulted in raw material prices coming down. So we are in a situation where we took 
up market milk prices higher to compensate for raw milk prices price increases earlier. So 
we are at a higher market milk price situation with lower raw milk price input, I hope this 
was clear. Next financial year could be a situation where we may not take too much of 
market milk price increases because we are already at a higher price as far as the 
consumers are concerned and some of the previous people were asking about the outlook 
in terms of raw milk prices. We hope the raw milk prices hold steady or will have nominal 
increases as we get into a lean season. 
Ramesh Thota: 
One last question. I attended Bajaj call yesterday. So they were entering a Greenfield 
project in Maharashtra. Does it have any impact on Heritage volumes in Maharashtra. 
Company Speaker: 
There is competition always. People keep coming, joining and everyone procures milk. 
Everyone offers the same price. I do not see any reason for impacting only Heritage. 
Ramesh Thota: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Babu Raju, individual investor. Please 
call us please. 
Babu Raju: 
Hi Sir, I thank you for giving me the opportunity. Congratulations on good set of numbers. 
I know the long-term target is 8% the margin. So currently we are at like 5.5 and when you 
will be able to achieve that number. 

Heritage Foods Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Company Speaker: 
I think it was well explained during the call earlier by Srideep. We are already around 7 
plus without the fat losses. So we try to achieve as early as possible but would not put a 
timeline because it is influenced by multiple factors and it may not be fair to put numbers 
and timelines in the anticipation but our aspiration is to reach there as soon as possible. 
Babu Raju: 
 Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now like to hand the 
conference over to Dr. Rao for closing comments. 
Sambasiva Rao: 
Thank you very much for your participation and interesting questions. We look forward to 
see your continued engagement with Heritage Foods. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Heritage Foods Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
--0-- 
