SHOPPERS STOP 
 
 
 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
Registered & Service Office : Umang Tower, 5th Floor, Mindspace, Off. Link Road,  Malad (W), Mumbai 400 064, Maharashtra. 
T 022- 42497000 CIN : L51900MH1997PLC108798. Email : customercare@shoppersstop.com  Website: www.shoppersstop.com 
Toll Free No.:1800-419-6648 (9 am to 9 pm). 
 
 
SEC/115/2023-24       
 
 
 
 
                                 
                       January 24, 2024 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001. 
Stock Code  : 532638  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai 400 051. 
Stock Symbol : SHOPERSTOP  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q3 FY24  
 
We refer to the analyst / investors conference call, on Friday, January 19, 2024 11:00 a.m IST to discuss the 
corporate performance for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 (“Earnings Conference 
Call”) and our letters in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, ref. no. SEC/109/2023-24 dated January 11, 2024 and ref. no. SEC/114/2023-24 dated January 
19, 2024, intimating of the call and providing the link for the Audio Recording, respectively. 
 
In respect of the same and as required under Regulation 46, we are pleased to submit herewith the transcript 
of the said Earnings Conference Call. The same is simultaneously being made available on the website of the 
Company. 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thank you.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
 
Vijay Kumar Gupta 
Vice President- Legal, CS & Compliance Officer   
ACS No: 14545 
 
Encl: aa 
 
 
 
VIJAY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
VIJAY KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2024.01.24 
11:42:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“Shoppers Stop Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 19, 2024 
   
 
                                                     
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KAVINDRA MISHRA – CUSTOMER CARE ASSOCIATE, 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SHOPPERS STOP LIMITED 
 
 
 
MR. KARUNAKARAN MOHANASUNDARAM – CUSTOMER CARE 
ASSOCIATE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SHOPPERS STOP 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MAMTA SAMAT – PERFECT RELATIONS 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
of Shoppers Stop Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Mamta Samat from Perfect Relations. Thank you 
and over to you, Ms. Samat. 
Mamta Samat: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us on the Shoppers Stop 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us the senior management 
represented by Mr. Kavindra Mishra; Customer Care Associate, Executive Director and 
CEO; Mr. Karunakaran Mohanasundaram; Customer Care Associate, Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management, after which we will 
have the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
I must remind you that the discussion in today's earnings call may include certain forward-
looking statements and must be viewed, therefore, in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. Please restrict your questions to the quarter performance and to strategic 
questions only. Housekeeping questions can be dealt with separately with the IR team. 
I would now request Mr. Kavindra Mishra for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Thank you, Mamta. I hope I am loud and clear. Good morning, friends. Thanks for joining 
us today to discuss Shoppers Stop financial results for our third quarter. I wish you and 
your family a very Happy New Year. As Mamta mentioned, I have Karuna, our CFO; and my 
colleagues, Jaiprakash and Rohit from Finance. 
As always, I begin with the retail market update, and then we will cover our company's 
performance, strategic pillar and conclude with outlook for the year. We had begun the 
quarter with Pujo followed by Diwali in November. I'm happy to say that the festive sales 
were good. We had a 4% like-for-like growth and overall growth of 8%. We had signs of 
recovery during the festive season, particularly in the premium category. 
Post Diwali, we have witnessed a seesaw situation in the market. There has been a delay in 
winter this year. The temperatures were significantly higher than normal, which impacted 
our winter wear sales. Post-Christmas, we have seen a recovery, but it's still not 
consistent. There are green shoots. But overall, the market remains muted. 
While the challenges continue in demand, our performance has been driven by 
engagement with our loyalty members, our overall customer journey, our shift to 
premium and more importantly growth of non-apparel including home business. I will 
speak about the performance and then on our strategic pillars going forward. 
We delivered a INR1,484 crores with a 4% growth. As I said earlier, during the festive 
period, our sales grew by 8% with like-to-like sales growth of 4%. Our performance has 
been driven by brand beauty and non-apparel business. During the quarter, 14 stores out 
of our 100 odd stores achieved the ever-highest sales. On the non-apparel category, 
watches and fragrances has clocked the highest quarterly sales. Apparel continues to have 
a muted growth, particularly in women's westernwear and partly in menswear. 
Having said this, we have the highest sales in women's Indianwear and in Kidswear, our 
private brand ‘STOP’ grew by 8%. Our gross margins declined by 70 bps due to onetime 
impact, which I will speak to you about. 
Just to recap, our private brand grew by 70% versus pre-COVID last year. While ordering 
the spring summer and autumn winter merchandise, we didn't anticipate the slowness as 
we are experiencing it now. We decided to clean up and provide for the obsolescence of 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
inventory  which is worth around close to INR9 crores. Due to this, our gross margins are 
impacted by 60 bps. 
EBITDA has also been impacted by the cost base, which are built for a much larger scale. 
Our rentals, which are largely fixed and that has a negative leverage if the sales are lower. 
In addition to this, we had investments in marketing and technology, which are critical and 
which we will continue to keep investing in. 
The new businesses, such as SSBeauty.in and Intune had costs. Though Intune had Positive 
store EBITDA, with expenses largely fixed, it had a negative leverage on the overall 
profitability. 
On the income side, we did reverse the provision for interest on GST in FY '23 for INR20 
crores. This was included in other income in FY23. While speaking in the investor call and 
the results which we published, we have stated that. 
If I talk about the KPIs. Our ATV grew by 6% versus last year. While I have spoken to all of 
you last quarter, I said the premiumization is on the rise, and we are facing a K-shaped 
recovery. There are a number of reports in the recent past which adhere that premium 
and premium plus goods are outselling in terms of demand. 
At Shoppers Stop, we have built our store to cater to premium and premium plus products 
to our customers. We firmly believe that with the growth of market, our company is 
poised to reap the benefits and we have also become the preferred partner of choice for a 
lot of brands. Our IPT, which is an important unit which we drive, grew by 5% during the 
festive period. We also observed a surge in the number of items bought by our customers. 
Let me speak about the operating cost now. So overall, our costs have increased by 10% 
versus last year. On a like-to-like basis, the cost increase is nearly 4%, which is largely 
inflation led. Our cost increases are due to the following: our investments in tech, which 
will continue for this year and going forward in next year as well, to enhance our journey 
besides investing in cybersecurity as well. We have opened 19 stores in the last 18 months. 
We launched Intune two quarters back. We launched SSBeauty.in again at the beginning 
of the year. Until the store matures, scalability is built in Intune and conversion increases in 
ssbeauty.in, we may have to continue to invest. As I mentioned, 14 of our stores achieved 
the highest sales in this quarter. Of the above, 8 stores were launched in FY '20 and FY '22. 
I am fairly confident these investments will disproportionately deliver results in the years 
to come. 
During the quarter, we opened four large departmental stores, four beauty stores, four 
Intune stores, and one airport store at T2 Bangalore. We spoke in detail about the store 
opening for this fiscal and the next few years. We are targeting to open 56 stores during 
the year, including 15 departmental stores and 24 Intune stores. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
We have opened state-of-the-art beauty store at T2 Bangalore International Airport(BIAL), 
last quarter with added beauty services like nail bar, hairstyling and treatment room. Our 
KPIs have improved in the last 11 quarters. Our 3Cs framework, which talks about customer 
centricity, consistency in growth, and capital allocation is firing well. 
In terms of customer centricity, SSL has established a customer-centric culture with a 
strong focus on providing exceptional service and creating a seamless shopping 
experience. This has led to increased customer loyalty. Also, our personalization 
campaigns working on consumer personas have started yielding wonderful results for us. 
Consistency in growth. We have been consistent in growth over the last 12 quarters, 
indicating stability and predictability in its performance. We have a well-defined strategy 
that outlines the company's long-term goals and the tactics to deliver them flexibly 
enough to adapt to changing market conditions. 
Capital allocation. Our strategic allocation of capital from internal accruals to enhance 
both the physical and digital capabilities to lead long-term success continues to focus on. 
Let me talk about some operations about our strategic pillars. 
First Citizen - Our success has been our patented customer journey. Over the years, we 
have added many services to our customers, such as personal shoppers, makeovers, and 
several other initiatives, which are made to engage with them at the highest level. We 
were and are confident about such sustained investments, which will add 
disproportionate growth and success in our business. 
For the quarter ended, our loyal customers contributed 78%, including 65% repeat 
contributions. Our membership grew to 9.7 million and will be touching a 10 million 
number shortly. Our premium black and platinum customers contributed to 13% of sales 
and grew by 18%. 
We had 118 customer events across all our stores in the quarter, making it a memorable 
shopping experience for our customers. This also is a differentiating point, which we have 
versus our other peers. Now I'm separately covering First Citizen contribution in beauty. 
Our First Citizen contribution to beauty has been steadily growing. The contribution to 
beauty by the First Citizen customers has been 69%, a 12% YoY increase, driven by a strong 
35% increase in the beauty sales. Overall, there has been a 5% growth in the First Citizen 
customers trying beauty as a category for the first time, which we call them as a trialist, 
and repeat members shopped in beauty category up by 8%. 
Now let me talk about private brands and Intune. The challenges in private brands 
continued for the second quarter too, particularly in women's western wear and parts of 
menswear. I had spoken at the beginning of my speech too. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Our sales declined by 6% and overall contribution was at 13% and within apparels at 19%. 
The silver lining is that our women's India wear grew by 7% during the quarter. We are 
aware of the challenges and we are course correcting including buying closer to the 
season, optimizing vendors and more importantly streamlining the options to make it 
more relevant. 
I am very confident that the corrective measures will show the impact on profitability in 
the coming fiscal. From private brands, let me talk about Intune, our success story in the 
last 8 months. We have opened 11 stores and I will not dwell into the performance in the 
future plans all the same. 
We had opened four Intune stores during the quarter. In addition, two stores were 
delayed due to regulatory approvals out of which we have opened one in January 2024. 
Some of the key initiatives being put in place to track customer feedback and shopping 
experience in Intune are, we have analysed the customer behaviour based on the 
shopping basket, which are the best performing categories, best performing merchandise 
points, stores, frequency of purchase and the sort of merchandise in each store. 
We are also reaching out to our customers having exit interviews to understand and 
analyse their shopping behaviour and see how they shop versus the positioning which we 
had initially chosen of. We have engaged promoters immediately after launch of a new 
store to have their feedback of our new customers. Through our digital, though in the 
initial stages, we are also trying to get the NPS scores from our customers. 
And like this, there are several initiatives to understand the consumer behaviour as we are 
launching many stores. This has helped us to improve the KPIs such as monthly traffic 
conversion and more quality of business. It has also helped us to improve our ATVs. 
Needless to say, all this is related to improving business. I am proud to say that within 8 
months of operation, we have positive EBITDA at the store level. Though we are away in 
the initial stages, there will be a learning as we go ahead. 
As we grow, we are learning too. As we commence the journey, the learning curve has 
been steep. We continue to learn and I am sure our customers will never let us down. And 
our initial response and then their initial response to us has exceeded all expectations. 
Let me speak about beauty. Shoppers Stop invested in premium and luxury beauty at the 
time beauty was literally non-existent in India. These investments have been yielding good 
outcomes. Before I dwell in detail about beauty, some of the key achievements in the 
quarter are - Beauty achieved its highest ever quarterly sales of INR262 crores, growing by 
10%. Overall beauty contribution increased to 18%. 
Our engagement with the customers were at all-time high with 266,000 makeovers and 
138 master classes. We had a fabulous campaign in the last quarter, namely Diwali, just 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
ahead of the festive, Singles Day and Block Friday. PUIG Exclusive and PARTY EDIT in 
December. All these campaigns yielded excellent results with high efficacy. Our First 
Citizen contribution in beauty increased to 72% with repeat customers of 60%. As I said 
earlier, we have opened four stores including a large SS Beauty store at T2 Bangalore 
Airport. 
In our recently launched exclusive website, SSBeauty.in, our followers and engagement 
rate has been increasing. We have gained followers in YouTube and other social media. 
During the quarter, we launched 15 plus beauty brands and added 80 SKUs in our private 
brand Arcelia. 
Our beauty distribution has also achieved its highest ever sales during the quarter, making 
profits in the first year of operation itself. India's beauty and personal care market is 
estimated to touch INR30 billion by 2027, accounting for about 5% of the global market. 
The beauty market in India is currently underpenetrated versus other Asian countries. 
Indian beauty and personal care market is growing at a rate twice as fast as FMCG-led 
brands, signalling the significance of specialized beauty and personal care-focused players. 
With the investments made, I am reasonably confident of bigger milestones which are yet 
to come in beauty business.  
Omni Channel- Our Omni channel retail strategy is to improve the customer experience 
and provide an additional channel for customer purchase, whether it's on mobile, web, or 
in stores. The availability of multiple purchasing channels leads to an increase in sales and 
traffic. Our sales share was largely flat in Omni, though the overall trend seems to be that 
Omni's channel is slowing down. 
Our investments in Omni will continue. We are reasonably confident similarly to beauty; 
Omni will be the leading channel in the next few years and we are fully prepared for that. 
Let me also talk about Home Stop. 
I briefly spoke about our revival of Home Stop in the last nine months. We have observed 
improving trends in sales. During the quarter, our Home Stop contributed INR42 crores to 
overall sales. You may recall that I joined as a Chief Commercial Officer and CEO for Home 
Stop. With my team, I am devising a new strategy to revamp the business. 
This will enable to optimize and improve productivity for each store. There are several 
brands which grew twice as that of last year and we have also introduced new products 
which are successful since its launch. As it will reach the scale, I will speak about our future 
plans on Home Stop going forward. 
From strategic pillars, I will move to capital expenditure, working capital and cash flow. 
During the quarter, we opened four large departmental stores, four Intune and four 
beauty stores including one state-of-the-art beauty store at the Bangalore T2 Terminal. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Our total investments during the quarter in capex and deposits for new stores were INR51 
crores. In the last quarter, we dealt in detail about our investments for the year and 
subsequent years. Just to recap, we'll be opening 56 stores within this year, out of which 
32 have already opened. On the balance, 24 stores, 14 are Intune and 7 are departmental 
stores. Our working capital, which was negative at INR89 crores at the end of Q2 has 
reduced further to INR173 crores negative at the end of quarter 3. 
We reduced INR80 crores in our apparel inventory in private brands in the last 9 months, 
which I believe is a significant step. Without our inventory in beauty and Intune the 
business we’re building upon, our inventory in the last 9 months has reduced by INR45 
crores. 
As I look back at quarter 3, beauty, Intune, home business, the brand business and Indian 
women wear in private brand has fired really well for us, and we had a good success in 
that. We have challenges in private brands in men's and women's western wear, which we 
are aware of, which we are both correcting and which will start reflecting in the coming 
fiscal. 
As I'm about to conclude my speech, we will lay our emphasis on our strategic pillars. The 
First Citizen loyalty customers, private brands, Intune, Beauty and Beauty distribution, 
store expansions and omnichannel payments. 
The broad outlook for Q4 will be as following. We'll continue to grow well in non-apparel, 
particularly the beauty business. The number of events during the quarters such as the 
Valentine's Day, which will further help us to acquire new customers. The end of season 
sales started ahead of time. I expect some impact in Jan and Feb. 
Overall, we are expecting a mid-single-digit growth in Q4 similar to Q3. I'm confident that 
our investments in new stores will yield disproportionate growth in the years to come. As I 
said before, we are opening 56 stores this year, and we expect to open 100 plus stores 
next year. We are excited about the success of Intune. We are building the team to ensure 
that we sustain the success. There has been a steady revise in share of wallets across the 
Zones. 
Customer preference for premium products have increased. We are at the final stages to 
have some leading international apparel brand in our stores who will be our exclusive 
partners. This will further enhance our premiumization journey and differentiated choice 
for and a differentiated choice for our customer deal. 
I'm very optimistic about the growth prospects of Shoppers Stop with the right 
investments we have made on our strategic pillar. I'm confident our next year would be 
another success story with our strategic pillars, including Intune firing on all cylinders. I will 
hand it over to the Operator and happy to take questions from our participants. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
I also have with me Biju, who is the CEO of our Beauty business; and Devang, who is the 
Business Head of Intune business, as the team would be happy to answer any queries 
around the business. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Good morning, sir. I have a couple of questions from my side. With regards to Intune, what 
are the franchisee models that you are exploring currently? And could this be done for 
Shoppers Stop as well? That's my first question. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Good morning, Rahul. This is Kavi here. Intune, as we mentioned, we are just setting up 
the whole system of Intune in process. Right now, as we set our own stores, we will have 
a lot of learnings, which we need to factor in the way we want to grow the business 
initially. So right now, the focus of the organization is more in terms of putting the 
company-owned stores and then taking the learnings from there. 
As we achieve a certain scale, definitely during FY '25, at some point of time, we will be 
also looking at getting into a franchisee model because it's about throughput of the store, 
it's about the optimizing of capex, about the working capital. So, once we fix these things 
and when we have a consistent model, I think that's the time then we would like to go 
towards a partner. Well, at the end of the day, it's the thing which we need to commit, 
right. So I think that's the process we have. In case of Shoppers, we are not looking at 
franchisee model as of now. 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is with regards to the revival of demand from FY '25 
onwards that you mentioned in the presentation. What would be the key drivers of the 
revival going forward according to you? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, for us, there are two or three things which are very, very important, and that's the 
trends we are seeing. One is that the entire non-apparel piece, whether its beauty or non-
apps is doing really well. We also foresee that going forward, the premium brands and the 
premiumization journey will keep on becoming stronger and stronger. And that is a 
journey which we believe that, that particular customer will keep on investing and buying 
in the experiences which he or she gets in the stores. So, for us, those are the reasons why 
the revival in demand will happen. 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood. And lastly, sir, on private label, the contribution mix has been on the lower 
side for the last few quarters. So are you taking any additional measures to revive that and 
to improve the sales mix going forward? Could you just share a little bit of what you've 
been doing on the back end regarding this? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Rahul, as I mentioned, if I look at my private label, there is -- there are four parts to it. 
There is a Indian womenswear, which is really firing well and which we keep on pushing as 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
we speak. There is kid's, which is doing fairly well. For us, the biggest struggle is in two 
categories, which is women's western wear, which actually is a market itself is on a little 
bit of a turmoil now. And then we have got menswear. 
So, what we are trying to do, two things one getting a positioning right for our brands in 
these categories, ensuring that the customer gets a differentiated product from us. See 
because we are a house of brands. We have the best brand in the business sitting in those 
four walls and selling those products. So ultimately, we are able to provide the 
differentiation, which our Indian wear does beautifully well. 
We won't be able to get the traction and the kind of ambition which we have for the 
private label. So, the desire is to get the positioning right, clear up the inventory which 
was there. So that's why we have taken those one-time hits sharing of the inventory and 
working on making the brand stronger. As we speak, that, a lot of that work is happening 
Rahul. We should start seeing the results next year. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it sir. Thank you for the answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi everyone. Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. Firstly, on private brands 
again. So, this quarter has seen a 6% decline. And if you consider that INR11 crores of the 
sales is Intune, it's actually a 11% decline. You mentioned about the categories of women's 
western wear and menswear. So just wanted to understand a little bit more in nitty-gritty. 
So, is the decline in women's western wear also happening for you in your non-private 
brands? Or is it something to do with our private brands? 
Karunakaran: 
Sameer, just to clarify, Sameer. Intune is not a private brand. So, when we say we have 
decline, it's a like-to-like comparison, and we have not included Intune in that. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Thank for that clarification. So INR189 crores is excluding the INR11crores of 
Intune? 
Karunakaran: 
That's right. Absolutely right. And we are not planning to include Intune as a private brand 
in the future also. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great, sir. That's great for clarity. Just -- but the question still remains. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Yes. So the answer to the question is that we are seeing stress in women's western were 
across the, across the base, whether it's national brand or private brand. Women's 
western wear has been under a little bit of our stress across. What we've also seen, 
Sameer, is that -- and when we were looking at the personas and we look at customer data 
in great detail. A lot of the women's western wear buyers, whether they are private brand 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
buyers or national brand buyers have gravitated especially in the last quarter towards 
Indian wear. 
That is a trend we have seen across. So I think that is something which we are cognizant 
of. That's an industry phenomena. But coming back, I think there's a lot of work which we 
need to do at our end to ensure that the women's western wear offering which we offer 
as a private brand becomes stronger. So whether it's putting the brand positioning and  or 
putting the right set of merchandise, I think that work is happening Sameer. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Switching on to Intune. Last quarter, you had mentioned about the sales per 
square feet number of INR14,000 and store EBITDA of 10%. Just, if you could give 
corresponding number for this quarter as well? And secondly, 14 store openings in fourth 
quarter expected. Do you think there's a large chance of some spilling over happening 
over to the next year? Or you are still good to go to these 14 store additions in this year? 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Sameer. This is Devang here. First part to your question, the SPSF and the 
EBITDA we sustained in Q3 over Q2. So, I think all the numbers that we said in the last call 
they hold true and we're improving on them. Secondly, as far as your question on the 14 
more stores in Q3, I think that's absolutely on track. We will definitely end the year with 24 
stores. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, lastly, if I can squeeze in. The LTL growth of 4% during festive, what would be that 
number during the quarter? And this guidance of mid-single-digit LTL that you have shared 
like in previous quarters, would it require a meaningful pickup in consumer sentiment to 
reach there, especially on the apparel side? Or are there some company-specific initiatives, 
including what you've shared in the private brands that you think can still power a 
meaningful recovery in your LTL or you are just dependent on the overall consumer 
sentiment picking up for this number to be achieved? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, there are two parts of this. One, I think the festive LTL, as you mentioned, was around 
4%. The overall LTL for the quarter was minus 1%. That is the number which we have. 
If I look at the things which we are trying to do. So obviously, there's a base effect, which 
is which comes into play this quarter versus the last quarter at the same time, which was a 
little stressful quarter for all the businesses. 
Having said that, I think we -- I spoke about the personas and targeting the consumers in a 
very, very personalized way, ensuring that the throughputs come higher. We are trying to -
- so if you look at our businesses, I think that the one business where we need to up the 
game is private brand. And I think that whole piece we are driving. Also, we believe that 
there's a lot of momentum, which we have in Beauty and Beauty within Shoppers Stop as 
well, which we see as an important part of driving the business going forward. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
So while the market condition can be tough, we have charted out whether at the product 
level or the marketing level or the category level, launch of new brands. We will also see 
launch of some new brands within Shoppers Stop in the coming quarters. So, I think 
there's a lot of work happening on the merchandise product marketing piece to drive the 
numbers. 
Karunakaran: 
Sameer, Karuna here, Sameer. When Kavi was concluding the speech, he said that mid-
single-digit growth. That is the overall growth and not LTL. I just want to clarify that. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Yes, yes, that is for the fourth quarter, sir? Yes, I understand that. Thanks sir. Thanks for 
clarifying. And I would come back in the queue for any follow-ups. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please 
ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Yes, thank you so much and good morning. Sir, my first question was, while you did 
highlight the fact about what could drive the improvement maybe in the coming quarters. 
Just taking a step back. During Q2, I think there was an expectation that with the spill over 
of Pujo and also with festive that one time performance was good, that we would see a 
decent quarter. But now at least on the comment even Q4 was not looking good. I'm 
assuming based on the data that you're seeing for the first 20 days of Jan. 
Just to understand in your assessment of consumer sentiments, what is leading to this 
prolonged and delayed recovery where even after festive. Is it that the trends did not 
sustain for the rest of the quarter and even, say, going into Jan? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Yes. S Nihal, it's a great question. So, we are definitely seeing a shift in the consumer 
spend, people spending more for the travel or experiences rather than only buying for the 
product. So, I think that's a reality that we see at the industry level. Having said that, I 
think the important thing is, do -- are we able to engage our customers with experiences. 
And that's what where we spoke about doing 118 events. Or in our commentary, we spoke 
about more than 2 lakh or 2,66,000 odd Beauty makeover. 
So, I think there are ways in which we can engage with the customer and drive it. 
Specifically coming to the Q3 performance, we had an inkling of -- the plans which we had 
were for a 4% to 5% LTL. I think that's the commentary which we had talked about when 
we spoke last and we met last. During the festive, actually, we were able to play on that 
piece. But I think December, where winter plays a very, very important part as a base that 
is something which was very, very challenging. 
For all of us because winter is a big base in terms of layering, in terms of the ASPs, which 
can grow higher. Having said that, while the market has been soft, when we speak to 
brands, I think the clarity is that we continue to outperform the market. So, if we talk to 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
brands and we see how we as Shoppers perform, as a chain. I think in a lot of cases, we 
are hearing that the performance of us as a channel is far better going. 
Also, if I look at, I think on a data point and it's good to share with the team here. That the 
premium portfolio in Q3 grew by 6% like-for-like. And we will keep on doubling down and 
making an account of differentiation as a departmental store, which I think is something 
which is very, very unique to Shoppers and our customers. And this premiumization is 
being done not only in one category, so you must have seen the number of launches. 
And I would love Biju also to answer some part of it on what he is doing on the 
premiumization bit. But talking about beauty pieces or non-apps or apparel, I think we are 
upping up the game there. And I would just ask Biju to also speak a little bit about what we 
are doing to tie business. 
Biju Kassim: 
Yes, hello Nihal. This is Biju here. So, just to complement what Kavi mentioned. Clearly, as 
a destination shopper stop is having some of the most powerful iconic brands. And 
particularly from a Beauty standpoint, we have been able to introduce a very powerful 
brand such as NARS and Bath and Body into the ecosystem. And you will continue to see 
this journey. And engagement has been very, very central to our customer-specific 
approach. 
And that is something we did, and we are doing it with a lot of mastery. We did 2,66,000 
makeovers and 138 Masterclass in the quarter, which was a significant number. So, all 
these would really help us to continue the premiumization journey, which in turn is going 
to get us better numbers going forward. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sure, that will help. My second question was on the private label, not Intune for the 
Shoppers Stop format itself. We mention that the reduction in inventory was primarily the 
priorities when you're talking about inventory. And a related question on the private label 
which is that if we are going to premiumize our portfolio in terms of the kind of brands 
you get, does that, in a way, change the customer profile and actually put a lid in terms of 
the share of private labels in the future for Shoppers Stop as a format? 
Karunakaran: 
Nihal, are you talking about the reduction in inventory or you want to know what is it like? 
I mean, your voice was not clear at the time? 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
I'm so sorry. I was asking that just to clarify, was the reduction in inventory that you 
mentioned from March, primarily in the private label business, I was not able to get that 
part. 
Karunakaran: 
That's right. We have reduced the private label inventory. What we bought for both the 
autumn winter and spring summer for this year, we have reduced it close to INR75 crores 
to INR80 crores, Nihal. You're right. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
And just one final question on private labels. Was that, with the effort of wanting to 
premiumize say with the kind of brands that we get and assuming the customers that 
come and also change. Is it that incrementally, the share of private label actually gets a lift 
because the customer working in is more premium and maybe that in a way limits the kind 
of accretion you could see on the private label side? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Nihal, it's a great question, but I think the answer lies in the success of Indian wear. If 
private label has done well, one, it is not considered as a label, but it's considered as a 
brand. If the private brands have done well, we talk about it. We do the same thing which 
a brand needs to be done. We create a chemistry around it. We give a light to it. The 
moment you start doing that stuff, you will see that the private brands can have a better 
throughput in an environment where you have the best national brand fitting. 
We have done that in case of Kashish. And I see there's no reason why we can't replicate it 
in case of other brands if we position them well and execute them well. So, I see totally 
there is no issue there. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Sure, point to note. I'll note. Thank you so much. And wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Thanks for taking up my questions. My first question is on private brands. Would we say 
that in women's western wear and menswear, we are getting positioning right in this 
segment? So, I mean, sir, if you can give more clarity with regards to what exactly do we 
mean by getting positioning right? Is it getting pricing, right? Is it about the customer 
segment? Is it about narrowing down the categories in women's western wear where we 
are present? So, what exactly we are in terms of positioning getting right in these two 
segments? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Yes, great question. Just to give you a sense, and it's a question where I can actually -- we 
can engage and discuss this over for the next three, four hours. But let me take you 
through 1 example so that it gives a sense of what we are looking. And let me talk about 
menswear, I think that's something which is very natural to talk about. 
Let's look at when the entire menswear category positioning happened, there used to be -
- part of the business, there is to be a denim part of the business, there used to be a casual 
part of the business, and there is to be a formal part of the business. That's how initially in 
India, menswear brand got structured. Now if you look at us, we have a LIFE [casual] and a 
LIFE [Jeans], but in today's world, if you go and reach out to the customers. 
Moderator: 
Sorry, sir, can you repeat your last line, please? The voice broke. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, let me just go back. If you look at our portfolio, we have got a LIFE jeans and a LIFE 
casual. And I'm taking this 1 example to show that how -- what is the direction of our 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
thinking. Do you actually think that the customers differentiate between LIFE jeans and 
LIFE casual? Or jeans is now part of the casual lifestyle. That's what I was trying to tell 
Varun, that we are trying to answer this basic question and put that whole structure right. 
Can we make a casual brand, which also has jeans as a part of it? So that is one. Second, if 
it becomes a casual brand, which has jeans a part of it, what is that brand? Is that brand, 
for example, for sake of better name? Is it Jack and Jones? Is it Pepe? What is it? So, I think 
that is the kind of discussion and work we are doing as we speak on that Varun. And then 
what kind of persona who comes to our store gets attracted to this brand? So that's why 
I'm saying the way when these brands are structured versus how the consumers have 
changed, we need to be in line with that. 
And that is the work we are trying to do. And when we define the position, then we also 
talk about we don't need to do 180 days buying cycle. We can actually do 60 days. There is 
a lot of learning, which even with a smaller business of Intune we have. So, we don't need 
to do 180 days buying cycle. Can we have more frequent drops? 
Can we do the freshness? Can we put the supply chain in a certain way that we actually 
talk about freshening up the merchandise every 45 days? So, I think those are the kind of 
things which are working on Varun. It's something which is at two levels. One is strategic, 
other is operational. As we speak, that correction is happening and you will see the full 
impact of it in fall winter. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it. So, if I understood it correctly, maybe we are trying to do something with regards 
to the category itself. I mean, as you mentioned about LIFE jeans and LIFE casual as maybe 
making. I mean not making it sharper with regards to definition and maybe not be present 
into too many categories. So, is that understanding, correct? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, for example, Varun, when as a customer, what are the usage occasions you want to 
shop for, right? And do we have a specific brand to drive only that product usage for those 
occasions? That is the challenge, and that is the problem we are solving for. 
Varun Singh: 
So right, I understand. I mean, why I'm asking this question is because it has been multiple 
years since we would have as a company invested money, resources, time, etcetera, to get 
the private label positioning correct and rightfully. Like as an analyst, I was also observing 
on the incremental steps that we would have executed to get the strategy part of it right. 
 
But many a times I would wonder that what exactly we are getting wrong, maybe, you 
know, since so many quarters, years, etc. So, I mean, that makes me a little bit more 
worried. 
 
 
I mean, I would think that is this more of inventory rationalisation as a problem or is this 
because of the choice of maybe not so rightful category where maybe brand has a larger 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
role to play compared to a private label. So, I mean, this absence of understanding creates 
little bit of confusion with regards to get the, you know, basically the question itself 
correct that what exactly are we missing on or what are we trying to fix to get the 
segment right. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Yes. So, Varun, in our minds, we are very clear what we are trying to do. For every business 
and any kind of category, if your positioning is right, then the next steps become. So, first 
is the strategy and then is the execution. And I am just giving an example of menswear 
again. As long as your strategy is right and it's not something which you are talking, which 
is very different from what we have not done in a part of our business. 
 
For example, in our kids wear and especially now Indian womenswear, those positionings 
are really, really good. So, if they're really good, they show in terms of the throughputs. I 
think the same exercise and a little bit of sharpening we have to do for menswear. And as I 
said, this is something which cannot be. This is something which is a which we can spend a 
lot of time discussing this point for us. 
 
The starting piece is the positioning, which we are fixing. Once that is fixed, everything 
else becomes easier. And that's what I am working on with my team. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it, sir. And my second question is on Intune. On the PPT, you mentioned 65% full price 
sale. So, just wanted to understand that given this is a new format, how are we thinking 
about the end of season sale strategy per se with regards to how to discount the product, 
etc., discounting window percent of products that we need to sell on discount compared 
to fresh. So, how have we thought about the EOSS ongoing season? That's the second 
question. 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Varun. I think to start with the number of full price sell through that we gave, 
that gives us a lot of confidence that, you know, in our first ever season, we've beaten our 
targets on full price sell through so much so that right now, you will find us to be possibly 
the only fashion player not on EOSS. Our products are also not very prone to 
obsolescence, right? I mean, you will find that, you know, they are for more casual 
occasions. 
 
So as of now, we will not go very heavy on EOSS. We may have some liquidation as is the 
nature of the business and everyone needs to. But we don't see the need for a very 
aggressive EOSS in Intune as of now. 
Varun Singh: 
No, Sir. My question is on the policy front that end of season sale, what kind of strategy 
we want to live with in this format itself? A little bit long-term question not related to just 
what we are doing right now. 
Devang Parikh: 
So, as a policy, there will be some liquidation that will definitely happen. And in the long 
term also, we are not shying away from EOSS. Beyond that, I mean, not. Yes, it's a little 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
early for us as a brand to have a very well-defined long-term strategy. I mean, all I can say 
is that early signs are we don't need to be aggressive and we will definitely have 
liquidation. 
 
And we will, Kavi already mentioned this a while back that, you know, our focus will more 
be on frequent drops and, you know, ensuring that there is always freshness on the floor. I 
don't think I can be more specific on long term EOSS strategy at this stage. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay, Sir. Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you very much 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Gautam Rathi from CWC. Please 
go ahead.  
  
Gautam Rathi: 
I just have one question with regards to the member base, right, loyalty member base, 
which we have. So, we have about 9.7-million-member base. But last time I remember you 
mentioned in a call, like last quarter call or before that is about 25% of them are active, 
right. First of all, can you help us understand how do you calculate this member base? 
 
These are the whole life, like which is last 20 years base or is it just like the active ones, 9.7 
million. And on top of that is if I just calculate 25%-member base, which is about 2.5 million 
customers. 
 
This would mean that the customers which are buying four times. But the other customers 
are not buying at all because you said 78% of the revenue comes from that. Can you just 
help us understand this a bit better? 
Karunakaran: 
This is the base of almost from the beginning of the Shopper's Stop. So that's 9.7. That's   
a base.  
Kavindra Mishra:  
So, the last three years, Gautam, 33% of them have shopped in the last three years. And if 
you talk only about the last one year, 22% of them have been active and shopped, to give 
you a sense. 
  
Gautam Rathi: 
Yes. So, the only other thing is you were trying to run programs around, you know, 
reactivating this member base, which are which are inactive, right, with personalized 
programs. Can you help us understand like where are we reach on this? How is it turning 
out? What is the kind of contributions we are seeing from those inactive members? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, we are actually as a pilot doing a CLTV model, which we started in Q3 of this year. As a 
POC, we have taken two cities, which are Bombay and Delhi. I think the initial response has 
been significant. And what we are trying to do, Gautam, is that going forward, we are 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
deliberating that instead of a regular RFM, can we move into this kind of a model only, 
which is a CLTV model. So as we speak, the programs are running. We'll be able to share 
more because the program has got a life in terms of, you know, the cycle which is running. 
 
So, I think maybe in the next call when we meet, we'll be able to give you a target versus 
achievement and where we are on that. But I think the whole work is happening on the 
CLTV model, where we are trying to reactivate this base. And we are looking at looking at 
the base, which is not only for the last one year, but till the last six years workshop. 
Gautam Rathi: 
So, if I'm not wrong, these 9 million customers, a lot of them had come through the 
Citibank Shopper Stop first citizen card, right? And so, credit card was a very important 
part of it. So how many of those credit cards are -- all these customers who are there are 
all active with the credit card? Or are you looking at reactivating that strategy again, right? 
Because that was one of the biggest draws of that membership, right? 
Karunakaran: 
You are right, Gautam. I mean, just to give you the numbers, Citibank, when they sold their 
business to Axis, they had 107,000 members active and they are continuing to remain 
active. They do buy between INR250 to INR300 crores within Shopper Stop. 
 
And at the overall credit card level, they still buy at a significantly higher amount. These 
are all private numbers and I can't share anything beyond that. But to answer your 
question, yes, out of this 100,000, I'm reasonably confident the more than two thirds are 
active with shopper stop. 
 
They are there right now. The cards are now shifted to Axis. We are working with Axis to 
now issue the Axis Bank co-brand card for these customers. 
Gautam Rathi: 
So is my understanding right that out of 9 million, that is 20%, 33% who shopped in the last 
3 years, 25% who shopped in the last 1 year. And only 100,000 are coming through that 
Citibank credit card, right? That's the way to think about it. 
Karunakaran: 
Absolutely right. It may not be exactly 100,000. It can be slightly smaller than that, but you 
are right. 
Gautam Rathi: 
Sure. Okay. And that is a much bigger ticket spend. So that is an option we are trying to 
explore in nature right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is with regards to the beauty distribution 
business. So I see you have already achieved INR77 crores sales for now. If you can also 
highlight what kind of profitability margins and EBITDA level we are making and some 
plans for the same going ahead? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Biju Kassim: 
Hi. Hello, Gaurav. The beauty distribution business has started off quite well. As you can 
imagine, to start with, some powerful brands talk about the potential of the partnership 
and the confidence that beauty brands globally have in Shopper Stop. And as we speak, 
our EBITDA margins, we are already profitable. And we are looking at looking at decent 
margins to come through. 
 
And that would be a focus now is to bring the best of the expression of the brands for the 
discerning beauty customers in India. So, you know, we also disproportionately investing 
in the experience part. And I'm sure you would start to see significant amount of 
representation of our brands in the markets to come. 
Karunakaran: 
Just to answer the question, as of now, we do have a single-digit EBITDA margins. Just 
remember that this is the first year of operation. And we also have a decent gross margin. 
So just to be give clarification, as we move along, we are reasonably confident we will not 
only substance this and probably increase the EBITDA margins and the volume that comes 
along. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, just a follow-up on this. Is there a possibility in the future if not now, but two years, 
hence, to clock at low double-digit or high single-digit EBITDA margins as you scale up? So 
that is one. And other thing, as I mentioned about the experience that the beauty 
discerning. So, what our understanding was that you will be catering to the people who 
are selling these beauty brands across the country. So, if you can answer on both of these 
aspects? 
Biju Kassim: 
Yes, absolutely. Your understanding is absolutely right. On the first part of it, we will 
definitely deliver the type of margins that you spoke about. With regards to the second 
part of the question, yes, again, we are distributors, so we import the brand and we make 
the brand available across every retailer in the country. 
So, we talk about distribution into Nykaa, into Sephora, into Tira, into lifestyle, into 
Shopper Stop and whoever qualifies to represent the brand in the manner that the brand 
owners being fit. We will be engaging them and they are making it available across the 
country for all the customers. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, my next question is with regards to the Intune's bit. I mean, Intune, we do 
understand that the sales per square feet would be somewhere around that INR14,000-
odd per square feet. Now where we compare to some other player like Zudio and all who 
do INR20,000-plus per square feet. So as you scale up, do you see you also reaching in that 
area? Or given that our price points are at INR450-odd levels, probably we could remain in 
that INR15,000, INR16,000 per square feet mark. And also, if you can guide in terms of the 
margins that maybe two years, three years down the line, you are looking into this format? 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Gaurav. First of all, I think the SPF numbers that we've locked right now is only 
a starting point. If you ask me whether we have the confidence of going to a certain 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
number that's already delivered in the industry, I think I will do better than that in the long 
term. So, I think there is nothing that stops us from doing better. 
Kavi did mention that, its early days and we are still learning from our customers, all those 
channels that we spoke of in the initial commentary. We are listening to our customers 
and we tailoring our assortment to meet their needs. I'm sure we will do better in SPF in 
the season to come. That was the first point. 
You mentioned about margins. I think in the last investor call between Karuna and Kavi, 
they did mention about the fact that, there is a gradual ramp-up of margin that we will 
achieve as we scale. That narrative still holds true, and that's a constant endeavour for us. 
Where exactly we land, I think once we are more mature in terms of the network, we will 
come back to you with more tangible numbers. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
And sir, one last bit if I can squeeze. I mean store addition has been really good for us over 
the past couple of years. We've been adding around 10-12 departmental stores and a good 
number of beauty stores as well. However, if you see the overall top line growth, the top 
line growth has been in that mid-single-digit kind of a number. So where are -- where is the 
miss exactly? And how do you see this improving ahead given that we used to guide a mid-
single-digit kind of an SSG, 7%, 8% kind of a growth from these store openings. So where is 
the miss in the entire mix off? 
Karunakaran: 
See, if you have seen there is an overall slowdown in the retail industry, which Kavi spoke 
in detail at the beginning of the conversation. So, the LTL itself is flat. And whatever 
growth we had during the quarter and whatever growth we expect in Q4 is primarily 
because of the store additions. 
So, these are the -- I mean, once the retail sales pick up, we are reasonably confident of 
clocking the mid-single-digit growth for the like-for-like stores and also deliver the other 
KPIs. Just to inform you, most of the new stores, what we have opened, is as per the 
financial feasibility and delivering the ROCE, what we internally measure. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sir, the only question, given that, store number addition is also pretty good. I mean, if we 
look on a base of 100 departmental odd stores, we are adding around 10, 12 stores every 
year. So that itself is 10% addition. So, I understand in the first year, they would be not 
operating in the full capacity. 
But in the following years, they should also contribute. So, the question was more in that 
context that -- is that the throughput per store is not reaching to the system average right 
now? And probably, once you see the recovery, even that should scale up along with the 
LTL recovery? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, Gaurav, I mean let me answer address this question. So, I think there are two parts of 
it. One is there's obviously the annualization impact. And as I rightly said, the stores in the 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
first year don't perform the same way. And the next year, store as in store which see the 
full year, the second full year, obviously, has a growth impact. That's one. Secondly, what 
we have also done, Gaurav, is the size of the stores, which we are opening now, are very 
different from the initial basis which we used to have. So, you typically look at it as a 
25,000 to 30,000 we have. That's the zone in which we are opening stores now. 
So, the earlier size stores, so even I am opening 10 more stores it doesn’t mean 10% growth 
because of the sizing or the size at which we are trying to open is not the same. That's the 
second thing. Third, I think there is a very strong focus on shift on profitability, open 
better quality of stores, tighter stores. 
And I think that's the way we are also changing our store identity as well. So strictly it's 
not a 10% kind of a thing is what we wanted to say. So typically, as Karuna pointed, are 
doing as per the feasibility and more importantly, the ROCE, which we expect them to do, 
they are delivering. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
 
Thank you for answering all the questions and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions on Intune. So we have quite a 
strong target on the store addition, and we will do something about 165-odd store at 
FY'26 level. At the current run rate, should this contribute, in my understanding, close to 
about upwards of INR1,500 crores based on the current revenue per square feet that we 
are clocking? Discussion is coming more from the point of view that, I mean, Shoppers 
Stop historically, as the company has not added such an aggressive store. So, what is your 
perspective in terms of the revenue growth? 
And also, in terms of the opportunity and competition. This is now a space where we have 
seen all the large retailers quite aggressively growing. So how will the competition pan out 
and your sense on the opportunity? That's the first question. And I'll just have one more 
question here is in terms of the merchandise. 
Some of the players -- other players in this value fashion space have some legacy in terms 
of a very large portfolio of private labels. We have typically been a company which is 
mostly operated through the third-party brands, except for our own Shoppers Stop label, 
which has been a very small contributor. And that, too, as you mentioned, in the recent 
past is, working around the positioning of the product and so on and so forth. 
So, I mean, what is the capability we have internally built in Intune to, I mean, create that 
private label merchandise? While I know that your private label doesn't include this, but 
that capability in terms of designing everything so that we could give a unique and 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
expedite the customer and drive business over there? Those are my two questions. Thank 
you. 
Devang Parikh: 
Thank you, Aliasgar. Let me not put a stress on my memory and take the last part of your 
question first, right? In terms of how I am coexisting with all tough competition that exists 
in the market. I think last investor call, we did mention about how Intune's positioning is 
finding a sort of a niche in the entire space, right We are family centric. We are kids first. 
Our first two quarters have given us very, very strong confidence that the customers are 
reacting very favourably to our family orientation and our kid's presentation, right We are 
matching the sharpest price points, and we are upping the game on quality. 
So, I think between these two factors, we have found our space. We are building on that 
space, and I don't see a reason for us to fight with anyone else in terms of market share. I 
think the market is very, very sub-penetrated, and I think we will all grow Intune for sure 
tend that is the confidence we all have on the table. So that's the part on competition and 
how we will grow within the competition, right. 
You asked your last question, which is on how are we building the capability of delivering 
private label. I think I'll latch on to one point that Kavi said a while back. This is not 
charitable. This is a brand and the brand expects is doing its own merchandise. We also 
mentioned in another investor call before that the entire customer-facing team of Intune 
is separate. And even as we speak, once we've seen the success in the first 10 stores, we 
are gearing up very strongly in terms of our team structure needed to go on to the next 
year. 
I think Kavi did mention that in his ending notes. A large part of that is being able to 
deliver the merchandise that our customers want. I think in the interest of time, I won't be 
able to go into finer details on how we are doing it? But I think it suffices to say that from 
coming summer '24, we will have freshness every month, right.  
And given our product sell-through that I spoke on a while back; I think there's a lot of 
acceptance on what merchandise we put on the floor. So, I think both of these things put 
together, we should be doing well in terms of building the merchandise capability, right? 
That was the last part of your question. 
Now I will jog my memory on the first, right? You mentioned about long-term sales growth 
and where we will -- where Intune will go. I think we are 8 months old for the time being, 
for us to comment on a 3, 4-year horizon would be a little premature. 
I will echo what Kavi has said in his introductory note that the confidence levels on Intune 
is scaling up faster than the company and expectations are very high. And we think we will 
keep on upping the game on the numbers quarter-on-quarter. I'm not even looking at 
year-on-year right now. We are too small to look at year-on-year. I think I'll stay there. 
Have I missed on something? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
 
No, I think that was quite useful in detail. Thank you so much for your answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tejas Shah from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead.  
Tejas Shah: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity, just a couple of questions. Sir, full price sales through of 
65% for retail, how should we see this number? Like in our understanding fast fashion 
brands should have higher number of full price sales through, or is this a very competitive 
number as per your expectations? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Okay. Tejas, thank you for the question. I think fashion in itself, 65% full price sell through is 
a good number. I think over the years, anyone who's worked long-term in fashion industry 
will tell you that's kind of a magical number. 65% is where you achieve the balance of 
profitability and avoiding loss of sales. And the minute you go very high in full price sell 
through, you can be assured that there is demand, which is not being met. 
Having said that, 65% is a starting point, this was also with the staggered launch of the 
stores that we had, with all the early learnings that we will have, right? I mean in the first 
season; we will not get all customer expectations right. 
So, in my mind, 65% is fairly out there at the top. It’s also echoed in my comment to one of 
the previous questions. We are not on sales in the first month. I think that resonates with 
the kind of confidence we have on this number being good, and we will keep building on 
it. 
Tejas Shah: 
Sure. And sir, second. Just on your observation on consumer behaviour where they are 
spending more on travel. Now I'm assuming the people who are spending on travel are 
essentially our customer base. They must be spending on more luggage, more holiday 
apparels, more beauty products while they are travelling. 
So, for this cohort, we should be the most relevant brand. So, I'm just like not able to 
reconcile that why if the sale cohort is spending somewhere else and associated 
categories are housed under our brand, why are we not participating in that or not kind of 
reflecting that kind of numbers? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So Tejas a lot of those categories are actually doing well for us. For Beauty, we spoke 
about fragrance doing well. Non-apparel, we spoke about the non-apparel business, the 
hand bags, those categories make up, Indian wear. So I think a lot of those categories are 
doing well for us, where the industry has struggled and that's what we are seeing across 
are part of western womenswear. And that can also be a function of the quarter from 
which we are coming out from. 
And menswear has also been a little tepid. But we have seen, for example, menswear 
apparel casual doing better. Kids and girls doing better, Indianwear doing better, hand 
bags, so all those categories are doing well for us. 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Tejas Shah: 
And if I may squeeze in one last. So, we have data of last many years, whenever we kind of 
get into such cycle and the consumer sentiment feels for us, usually, how much time does 
it take to turn it around? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So literally, if you see -- and not refer only about Shoppers as an industry. It is now, I think, 
the fourth or fifth quarter when we are seeing a slowdown, right? So, I think we are seeing 
a completion of that entire cycle. We are quite hopeful that it should start picking up from 
FY '25. 
In fact, a case in point, festive -- I mean, we spoke about 4% LTL growth during festive. 
Actually, if I exclude the match days and the non-match days and I didn't want it to go into 
that math. On the non-match days, which was basically all the Sundays, we actually were 
growing with 8% LTL. 
So, it's like really, really strong. So, I think somewhere when the user location comes in, 
the demand picks up. We are also seeing that there are a lot of marriages in the coming 
months. So hopefully that should trigger the revival pickup. 
Tejas Shah: 
 
That's all from my side. Thanks. 
Karunakaran: 
Thank you, Tejas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shalini Gupta from East India Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Good morning, sir. I have two questions. One, you had spoken about the deduction in 
gross margins in the quarter briefly. Can you touch upon that? And secondly, why is the 
other income so low? This again, you touched upon if you can talk about these two? 
Karunakaran: 
Okay. Thanks, Shalini. That's a great question. I will answer the last question. The other 
income is lower because last year, we had a onetime GST interest reversal, which we have 
included in other income of approximately INR17 crores. And that's the reason, if you 
exclude the INR17 crores, our other income has increased this quarter. That's a onetime 
income. 
When we spoke last time, we have qualified that. And when we publish the results also, 
we have qualified that. Coming back to this year, the gross margins are lower because 
again, Kavi spoke in detail. We have provided between INR9 crores to INR10 crores on 
private brand obsolescence. Basically almost 60 basis points on the gross margins. 
In addition to that, we also had higher offers in private brands that also impacted the 
overall gross margins. Other than the private brand, our gross margins versus last year 
have been higher. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, can you just repeat your reason why your gross margins were lower, please? 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Karunakaran: 
Yes. I said that we have made INR9 crores to INR10 crores provision for obsolescence this 
quarter on private brand. That almost contributed 63 basis points on the gross margin. 
Plus, we had higher discounts and offers on private brand for both festive and end-of-
season sales. That also impacted the overall margin because our gross margin realization 
in private brand has been lower than last year. 
Shalini Gupta: 
Yes, great. Thank you. That's all from me. Thank you. 
Karunakaran: 
Thanks, Shalini. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please 
go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
On the Beauty distribution portion, firstly, out of the total brands on board, are all of them 
exclusive arrangements with Shoppers Stop to distribute in India? Or they can be non-
exclusive and find other partners also? And specifically on the distribution part, do we 
have any medium-term targets in terms of sales profitability? 
I understand you mentioned low single digit to high double digit. But any number that you 
can put currently? I think you've locked the INR2 crores EBITDA, if I do a console minus 
standalone. So that's a pretty impressive number. But just going forward, any targets you 
can share on this? 
Karunakaran: 
Absolutely. Let me take one by one. Yes, we do have exclusive distribution as of now on all 
the products we are distributing in global beauty. The large three products are L’Oréal 
International division, which we call LID, Clarins and of course, there are smaller brands 
also. So to answer your question, we have an exclusive distribution within India. And just 
now by spoke about like who are the retailers, how we are distributing and other things. 
Second, again, we spoke about the sales and the profitability. During the quarter, we 
recorded INR39 crores. And for the year-to-date, we recorded INR77 crores. And as I said, 
we are at a single digit EBITDA. Please remember that this is the first year of operation. 
And in the first year of operation, including all the costs, that is, the employee cost, our SO 
cost, and everything put together, we are still profitable. 
And to answer your last question, do we have a strategy? Yes, we have a strategy. Yes, we 
have a strategy. Do we have internally the numbers, what's going to be for the next 2, 3 
years? Yes, we do have. And do we have the margins, both gross margin and EBITDA 
margins? Of course, we have. So, we do have all these numbers. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Can you share whatever is possible, sir? 
Karunakaran: 
No, not right now. I mean, because we are internally -- let's -- you know pretty well, we 
don't give guidance for the future years. But we did mention to that, right? The global 
distribution business will have a disproportionate growth next year. I mean, to give a 

 
Shoppers Stop Limited 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
broad number, we should clock in between INR300 crores to INR400 crores revenue next 
year and we should have a high single-digit EBITDA margin. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great, sir. That is helpful. Just one more question, if I can squeeze in. So, this LTL of minus 
1% this quarter, can you see any material difference between, let's say, the LTL of new and 
recently renovated stores in the system versus the rest of the system? Is there anything 
you can call out, not maybe specific to the quarter, but over a period of time, has there 
been a broad divergence in these 2 cohorts? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, see, if you look at the LTL across the board, obviously, the stores which have opened 
and have not been completely analyzed. So, I think those are the ones which have done 
better. So, if – x is the baseline, the newer stores have grown by more than 5% of that in 
terms of retail, just to give you a number. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And the renovated ones? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So more or less the trend is very similar. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, just to understand this more if. If let's say we were to renovate the whole of the 
system, let's say, over a phased manner in 3, 4 years, can that be a decent kicker for LTL 
going forward? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
So, we are doing that as we speak. So, we are in the process of forming of the budget for 
the coming year. And we are looking at renovating close to 7 to 8 stores in the coming 
years. So, I think that process is on as we speak -- because what's happening is that as 
markets mature and you need to also, as we are premiumizing, we are getting newer 
brand, the look and the feel has to become better. So that process is on and Sameer, we 
are very, very buoyant on that. And that FY '25, 75% of our stores will be the next gen 
stores, which we are working on. 
Sameer Gupta: 
75% in by FY '25? 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Yes. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great, sir. That's all from me. Thanks again. 
Kavindra Mishra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude our question-and-answer 
session. Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Shoppers Stop Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
