 
 
 
 
Tata Technologies Limited 
Plot No 25, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park | Hinjawadi, Pune 411057 | India 
Tel: +91 20 6652 9090 | Fax: +91 20 6652 9035 
CIN U72200PN1994PLC013313  
Email: investor@tatatechnologies.com 
Website: www.tatatechnologies.com 
Ref. No.: TTL/COSEC/SE/2023-24/18 
 
 
January 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on financial results for quarter ended December 31, 
2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 
2023, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on January 25, 2024. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tatatechnologies.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
For Tata Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Vikrant Gandhe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
BSE Limited,                                   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India. 
Scrip Code: 544028 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India. 
Trading symbol: TATATECH 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHE
KHAR GANDHE
Digitally signed by 
VIKRANT 
CHANDRASHEKHAR 
GANDHE 
Date: 2024.01.30 14:15:26 
+05'30'

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 1 
 
“Tata Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY24 Results Conference Call Transcript” 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. WARREN HARRIS – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -- TATA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SAVITHA BALACHANDRAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY LOHIA -- HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS -- TATA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tata Technologies 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia, Head of Investor Relations 
at Tata Technologies. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Lohia. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Hello everyone and welcome to Tata Technologies Third Quarter Fiscal 24 
Results Call. I am Vijay Lohia, Heading Investor Relations. With me today are 
Mr. Warren Harris, CEO and MD, Tata Technologies, and Ms. Savitha 
Balachandran, CFO, Tata Technologies. This call is for 60 minutes. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 2 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance, followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we do not provide 
specific revenue or earnings guidance, and anything said on this call which 
reflects our outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forward-
looking statement, must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. 
We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly investor deck 
available on our website. Our press release and earnings deck have been filed 
with the stock exchanges and are also available on our website, 
www.tatatechnologies.com. I hope you had a chance to look at them. 
Let me now turn over the call to Warren. 
Warren Harris: 
Thank you, Vijay, and thank you everyone for joining us on today's earnings 
call. I trust and hope that you've all had a good start to the New Year, and it's 
my distinct pleasure to be hosting you on the first earnings call as a listed 
company. Let me provide the key highlights for the third quarter of fiscal year 
2024, and I'll then hand over to Savitha to provide more details on our financial 
performance. 
From a revenue perspective, in Indian rupees, we recorded aggregate 
sequential revenue growth of 1.6%, and annual growth of 14.7%. Q3 tends to be 
a seasonally soft quarter because of reduced billing days that can largely be 
attributed to the festivals in India and the Christmas and New Year holidays 
in other parts of the world. 
However, our margin performance was much improved, operating EBITDA 
coming in at 18.3% compared with 16.9% in the previous quarter. Q3 was also 
a good quarter in terms of signings, with five large deals won during October, 
November, and December. This includes one deal with a TCV of more than 
$50 million in our automotive vertical and another $25 million deal in 
aerospace. The remaining three deals were all in the automotive vertical. 
Let me give you some further color on these deals. We have been selected by 
a global automotive OEM to support the rebalancing of their engineering 
resource pool in North America. This $50 million TCV deal will involve the 
movement of several hundred roles from onshore locations in the U.S. to 
offshore delivery centers in India. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 3 
I'm also happy to inform that we've also won a $25 million multi-year 
engagement with a large European aerospace OEM in support of the digital 
transformation of their manufacturing operations. One of the major challenges 
faced by the aerospace sector is manufacturing throughput. Following the 
pandemic, demand for aircraft has exceeded the industry's ability to supply. 
This engagement is focused upon addressing that challenge through the 
deployment of digital tools, processes, and methods. We've also won a top-
hat vehicle deal in China, the responsibility for the rollout of a digital thread 
solution that combines PLM, ERP, and MES tools for a North American new 
energy vehicle company, and a major AUTOSAR engagement with a luxury 
vehicle manufacturer in the UK. 
Delivering value to our customers continues to be our primary focus, so let 
me now provide a brief summary on what's been happening with our top three 
customers. At Tata Motors, we've recently completed the rollout of a smart 
manufacturing solution for the new Sanand plant that Tata Motors acquired 
from the Ford Motor Company in January 2023. We were responsible for 
architecting and deploying a solution that fully integrates ERP, PLM, MES and 
IoT systems that has enabled Tata Motors to increase its annual production 
capacity by 300,000 units. This agile deployment was achieved in an 
industry-leading timeline, allowing Tata Motors to commence production 
earlier this month. 
At Jaguar and Land Rover, we cemented our position at the heart of their 
digital transformation program by accelerating the deployment of S4 Hana for 
a targeted number of their production facilities.  
At VinFast, their focus is pivoting from developing new product to building 
and selling cars. We've almost completed the development of the two electric 
vehicles that were outsourced to Tata Technologies on a turnkey basis, and 
our activities are now transitioning to launch support. This transition began in 
the second quarter, accelerated in Q3, and will largely be completed in the 
current quarter. Whilst I'm pleased with the agility that our delivery and 
resource management teams have shown in redeploying resources, revenues 
at VinFast materially dropped in Q3. We expect further reductions in the 
current quarter. 
Despite this, the service's runoff was backfilled with business from other 
customers, and the impact at an aggregate revenue level was largely 
mitigated. Outside of our top three customers, traction continues to build, 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 4 
and we remain committed to harvesting the opportunity from this growing 
base. Indeed, the health of our customer pyramid continues to improve, with 
39 customers recording more than a million dollars of annualized services 
revenue to Tata Technologies in the quarter. This compares with 34 
customers in the same period last year. 
The strategic importance of our customer relationships also continues to 
improve. During the third quarter, we confirmed a multifaceted partnership 
with Agratas, the new global battery business of the Tata Group. Today, we 
have issued a press release that confirms that Agratas has selected Tata 
Technologies to support its ambitions to design, develop and manufacture 
high-quality, high-performance, sustainable battery solutions for the global 
mobility market.  
The partnership will include a series of engagements that will focus upon 
battery-packed design, the industrialization of the planned giga factories in 
India and the UK, together with the implementation of a digital thread that will 
enable Agratas to track all product and digital assets from concept through 
design, manufacturing, quality, and service. This partnership will enable Tata 
Technologies to further expand its upstream electric vehicle capabilities, thus 
extending our industry-leading electric vehicle proposition. 
From an offerings perspective, we continue to expand our portfolio of service 
lines, especially in areas such as software-defined everything, cybersecurity, 
and autonomy. In October last year, we participated in ELIV in Germany. ELIV 
is the world's leading event for automotive electronics and software. At the 
event, we demonstrated a cloud-native architecture for software-defined 
vehicles, leveraging industry standards such as AUTOSAR and SOAFEE. 
We partnered with leading technology players like NXP, Arm, Intel, and Amazon 
AWS to profile software-defined vehicle platform solutions for high-
performance computing, next-generation digital cockpit solutions and 
cybersecurity. Earlier this month, we also exhibited our software-defined 
vehicle capabilities at CES and celebrated our emerging partnerships with 
Intel, Arm, and Foxconn's Motion in Harmony. 
As the world of high-tech and mobility converge, the traditional vertically 
integrated automotive supply chains will likely transform into complex, 
horizontally structured ecosystems. OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers will have to 
abandon strategies that are focused upon total control of a vehicle and 
instead pick and choose their partners. That's why Tata Technologies is 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 5 
committed to building a strategic network of partnerships and alliances to 
address this structural shift in the industry. To that end, we are delighted to 
announce two important partnerships that will further reinforce our software-
defined vehicle credentials.  
The first is with Intel. Intel is a leader in compute technology across various 
industries and our collaboration with Intel in the automotive space aligns with 
our vision to leverage cutting-edge technologies in delivering the latest 
innovations around software-defined vehicles to our customers. We will be 
utilizing Intel's new range of software-defined vehicle system-on-chip family 
of products for building software platforms. This partnership marks an 
important milestone in our software-defined vehicle journey. Together with 
Intel, we intend to work on a joint go-to-market strategy for our customers in 
Asia, where we see strong demand for a high-performance compute system-
on-chip-based vehicle solutions. 
The second partnership is with Arm, the SoftBank-owned British 
semiconductor and software design company based in Cambridge in the UK. 
We already have a strong partnership with Arm and have recently developed 
solutions for SDVs or software-defined vehicles using the SOAFEE framework 
that we've demonstrated at ELIV and CES.  
Arm microprocessor chip architecture represents the world's largest 
computational footprint. Arm technology underpinned the software 
smartphone revolution and is ubiquitous in IoT, embedded, mobile, and 
automotive applications. We are absolutely thrilled to continue to collaborate 
closely with Arm, including working with them on a range of new solutions, 
bringing cloud-native software architecture for automotive applications into 
upcoming Arm-based automotive chips. We're looking forward to sharing 
more detail on these partnerships along with live demonstrations and industry 
events in the coming months. 
 
Our efforts from a customer and a capability perspective continue to attract 
the attention and respect of industry watch organizations like Zinnov. With 
their recently published industry rankings, Tata Technologies was confirmed 
for the sixth consecutive year as the number one automotive engineering 
service provider in India. And in their new EV rankings, Tata Technologies was 
not only confirmed as number one in India, but number two globally. 
 
From the perspective of supply, we remain confident in the growing demand 
for our services, and so we continue to add delivery capacity. In Q3, we added 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 6 
172 new team members to our global ER&D and digital delivery teams. We also 
inaugurated a new innovation center in Coimbatore that will focus on vehicle 
software. 
 
Our employee engagement initiatives continue to yield success, with the last 
12-month voluntary attrition coming down to 15.4% in the quarter, compared 
with 17.2% in Q2. Our Q3 annualized attrition was at 13.6%. We continue to 
invest in talent development activities for our teams. In Q3, we trained over 
8,000 employees, with more than 1,000 employees trained on Gen AI, AI, and 
ML, and 3,000 employees trained on various aspects of our embedded 
electronics and software proposition. 
 
From a Technology Solutions perspective, our products and education 
business delivered strong sequential growth of 5% in INR, fuelled largely by 
our software products business. The products business, which is focused 
primarily upon our value-added reseller partnerships with the PLM software 
vendors, typically does well at the end of each calendar year when our 
customers in the U.S. renew maintenance contracts and discharge year-end 
budgets.  
In our education vertical, we built a large order book. This has allowed revenue 
to be smoother and much more predictable than in prior years. We expect 
this to continue. Overall, despite the short-term headwinds associated with 
the runoff at VinFast, customer demand remains resilient, and we are well 
positioned for a very strong start to FY25. 
 
With that, let me hand it over to Savitha to give an update on the details of 
our Q3 financial performance. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you, Warren. Good morning or good evening, everyone, 
depending on where you're joining us from, and thank you for joining this call 
today. Continuing on the details that Warren shared about how our business 
is shaping up, let me share with you the financial performance in the third 
quarter. 
 
Overall, the results were resilient with a solid margin profile in a quarter that 
tends to be seasonally slow due to the festive holidays in various parts of the 
world. Our revenue from operations grew 1.6% sequentially to $12,895 million 
for the quarter. On a year-on-year basis, the growth in revenue was 14.7%. On 
a constant currency basis, total revenues grew 1.9% sequentially from Q2 and 
11.6% on a year-on-year basis. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 7 
 
Breaking this down into the two segments that we operate in, revenue from 
services segment, which formed about 78% of our revenues in this quarter, 
was up 0.6% quarter-on-quarter to clock a top line of about INR10 billion. This 
segment was impacted by holidays and the ramp-down in one of our mega 
full vehicle programs as the project nears the launch phase, and this was 
partly backfilled by growth in other accounts. 
 
In U.S. dollar constant currency terms, revenues were down 0.5% sequentially. 
The technology solutions segment grew by 5.2% over Q2 to clock a revenue 
of INR2.89 billion, largely supported by the renewal deals that is characteristic 
of the final quarter of the calendar year in the products business. The year-
on-year growth was a more robust 38.9%, supported by increased delivery in 
our education business this year, compared with the previous financial year, 
which was heavily back-ended, with only a third of our annual revenues in this 
business clocked in the first nine months, given the project stage and the 
state of infrastructure readiness by our customers. 
 
Our operating margin increased by 140 basis points sequentially to 18.3% in 
Q3, driven by improved services gross margins that saw increased offshoring, 
reduced spend on outsourced costs as we ramped down or replaced 
contractors in line with our revenue profile, as well as to some extent, better 
revenue quality in Q3 against some of the pass-through business that we had 
in Q2 relating to test and validation work for our projects. We recognized other 
income of about 307 million rupees during the quarter. 
 
Consequentially, our EBIT was up 11.3% sequentially and up 15.2% year-on-year 
to INR2,094 million. In line with the improvement witnessed in the operating 
EBITDA margin, EBIT margin also expanded 140 basis points sequentially to 
16.2% during the December quarter. Our effective tax rate was 27.6% and the 
sequential increase was driven by a higher percentage of profits coming from 
India and the UK this quarter compared with the previous quarter. 
 
Net income increased by 14.7% year-on-year to INR1,702 million, representing 
13.2% of our operating revenues.  
Coming to the balance sheet, we've continued to remain focused on strong 
liquidity with $132.5 million in net cash at the end of third quarter. This 
compares to $120 million that we had at the end of September. 
 
The total DSO, billed and unbilled, stood at 95 days at the end of December 
versus 92 days at the end of Q2. The increase in billed DSO from 73 to 81 days 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 8 
was more invoicing as we hit certain milestones in delivery-based projects, 
while the unbilled DSO reduced from 19 to 15 days. Overall, the DSO remains 
within a target range of 90 to 110 days. 
 
Coming to cash flows, our free cash flow stood at INR2,198 million in Q3 and 
we continue to strive to further improving our cash collections and conversion 
levels.  
Let me now give you some color on the operational metrics. Our headcount 
increased by 172 employees sequentially. Our total employee count stood at 
12,623 at the end of the quarter. And as Warren referenced in his comments, 
we are in the process of redeploying resources who are coming off the large 
full vehicle projects and we should see utilization levels improve as these 
actions take effect. Attrition levels have continued to come down and stood 
at 15.4% compared with 17.2% in second quarter as we continue to see positive 
impact from our employee engagement measures as well as an overall 
reduction in the industry-wide attrition levels. 
 
Our employee cost increased by 2.9% sequentially driven by about 3% 
increase in our average headcount during the quarter. And this was more than 
offset by an 18% sequential reduction in our outsourcing and consulting 
charges as we continue to optimize our cost base. Our customer pyramid, 
which shows the number of customers with a million dollar plus in revenue 
has continued to show steady improvement. 
 
I'd like to specifically call out customers in the one-to-five-million-dollar 
category, which has increased to 29 in third quarter compared to 24 in the 
same quarter last year. As far as the onsite and offshore mix is concerned, mix 
has moved in favor of offshore this quarter. Of our total services revenue, 
offshore revenue improved to 56% from 54.5% in Q2. As a percentage of the 
offshorable revenues, which references revenues that we source from outside 
our delivery centers in India and Romania, 39.5% of revenue was delivered 
offshore compared to 37% in the previous quarter. And we continue to work 
on measures to gradually improve this metric.  
And before we open up the call for Q&A, I can conclude my remarks by saying 
we'll continue to make the necessary investments in building capabilities and 
capacity in the areas of industry focus, such as SDV, embedded, alternative 
propulsion systems, and autonomous to create the runway for sustained 
growth. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 9 
 
At the same time, we maintain our focus on operational efficiencies and 
keeping our cost base competitive. Our long-term levers of margin expansion 
continue to focus on increasing offshoring, moving towards an optimal people 
pyramid and operating leverage as our business scales.  
Thank you. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question, Warren, and congratulations on a very 
good operating performance. My first question is on the outlook, especially 
around VinFast... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. May I request you to use your handset, sir? Your 
audio is slightly muffled, sir. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi. Is this better? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on a good 
operating performance. Warren, I wanted to pick your brain around outlook 
on VinFast specifically first. You said you expect some drop in Q4 as well. I 
wanted to understand if Q4 will probably be the last of the decline in this 
account, and then we can see some stability, or how should we think about 
VinFast, given that most of the programs you're working on are coming to an 
end? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes. Thanks, Abhishek, and it's great to hear from you. In terms of VinFast, as I 
positioned in the opening comments, we began the transition from 
engineering and developing the two EVs that we've been responsible for. We 
began the transition to launch support in Q2. That accelerated in Q3, and we'll 
be largely through that transition at the end of Q4.  
So as we go into FY'25, the base will largely be unaffected by any volatility or 
change at VinFast. We expect a slight tapering of growth in Q4, but as we go 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 10 
into the next fiscal year, we're very bullish about our prospects for Q1, Q2, Q3, 
and Q4. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Just one quick follow-up on VinFast. We've heard VinFast plan to enter India 
and set up factory here. Does that give us scope of improving that relationship 
and maybe expanding it, and therefore should we expect some growth once 
they enter India? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I think as with many new energy vehicle companies, when they develop 
product, they develop their first products that underpin their portfolio. They 
quickly shift to building product and to selling product, and that's the phase 
that VinFast are in. I think that their prospects for further expansion and for 
expanding the manufacturing capacity is going to be somewhat dependent 
and linked to the success of their current portfolio. 
We're very proud of the relationship with VinFast. We're very excited about 
the impact that they can have on the overall market. But the timing for when 
they come here to India and the timing associated with when they will launch 
new product investments is still, from our perspective, still somewhat up in 
the air. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Okay. One last question from my side on the large deal that you mentioned, 
$50 million deal. The rebalancing of engineering resources from US to India, it 
sounds a little counterfactual to the insourcing trend that we hear in the 
market. I just wanted to understand, is it because the OEMs are increasingly 
under budget constraints and therefore that is driving higher offshoring? Is 
that kind of driven by that? And if so, do you see this kind of trend accelerating 
going forward? Thank you. 
Warren Harris: 
I think if you look at the North American market and you look at Detroit 
specifically, I think despite the investments that have been made in 
offshoring, a substantial part of the Detroit resource pool that is leveraged by 
the big three and the Tier 1s is somewhat still dependent upon staffing 
companies. I think that given the need to invest in capacity and new skills, I 
think all of the companies that define the North American market, I think they 
are increasingly looking to India and to offshore locations like Eastern Europe 
to satisfy that new demand. And that’s really what this deal is focused upon. 
As the clock speed of technology change continues to accelerate, the access 
to local talent is important. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Great, that is very helpful. Thank you and all the best, Warren. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from 
Griffin Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Hello, Warren. You made some very interesting remarks concerning 
the evolution of the automotive ecosystem as you see it, and as well your own 
evolution in terms of your offerings and now your partnership 
announcements. 
With that in mind, two things if I may. Number one, what are you seeing in 
terms of your engagement or pipeline with regard to functions that 
complement PLM? I have in mind specifically, for example, simulation, ALM 
and other associated applications. Are you beginning to see more demand for 
those functions to complement your PLM implementation work?  
Then with regard to the partnerships, the comments about Intel and ARM are 
quite interesting. Would it stand to reason that you could take that a step 
further and also partner with any role of the EDA companies, such as Siemens, 
with whom you already have a relationship, or the others to further deepen 
your exposure to the electronics world? 
Warren Harris: 
It is great to hear from you, Jay. Again, thanks for joining the conference call 
and thanks for the questions. I think there are a number of questions in there, 
and I think if I answered them comprehensively, we would probably be on the 
call all night. 
Just in terms of summary, I think if we look at the work that we are doing with 
the companies that we are working with on the digital side, I think increasingly, 
we are looking at comprehensive digital twin and digital thread initiatives that 
extend beyond PLM, certainly at ALM and into manufacturing execution 
systems and ERP systems.  
One of the things that I think has really defined the difference that matters 
that we represent is the ability to be able to integrate those platforms in a 
way that is aligned and required by the industry and the companies that we 
are working with. We certainly see that analysis and simulation is a key 
component of that in some of our most recent implementations of profiles. 
The value that can be crystallized if you can get the integration right and you 
can align that to an optimized product development process. As far as the 
relationships with the chip manufacturers, they are relationships that we are 
very excited about. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 12 
I referenced that the industry is going through a transition from a supply chain 
that was somewhat vertical and controlled by the OEM to a horizontal 
ecosystem that is somewhat dependent upon the contribution from multiple 
players. 
I think partnerships and alliances are going to define the industry going 
forward. We are very excited about being able to really form a meaningful 
relationship with the type of companies that we believe will be a major player. 
Obviously, Intel and ARM are major players today, but I think the strategies 
and the commitment that they are making to the mobility sector certainly 
gives us confidence that they are going to grow their influence. By association, 
we expect to make a big contribution towards their plans. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Hi. Good evening. Congratulations on the consistency in the performance. My 
first question is on the partnership. We have ARM as a partner and we have 
Intel as a partner. With Intel, we primarily intend to focus on the APAC and 
with ARM in the European region. Is that understanding correct? 
Warren Harris: 
No. The solutions that we're looking to deploy, we will take to the markets 
globally, but specifically in Asia Pacific. We have agreed to work with Intel on 
a joint go-to-market proposition that will be focused upon Southeast Asia 
and specifically China. That's an extension of the technical partnership that 
we're celebrating today. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Okay. The Tata Group overall announced a collaboration with NVIDIA for the 
drive platform with relation to 2026-27 launches. Would Tata Technologies 
play a role in that whole piece? 
Warren Harris: 
We're not at liberty because of confidentiality agreements to share specifics 
of what we're doing for different customers. Rest assured, with regard to JLR 
and TML, we're involved in all aspects of their product development process. 
When announcements of that type are made, you can have confidence that 
Tata Technologies is involved. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Got it. That's very helpful. Lastly, on the client pyramid and the mining effort, 
how is the pipeline for the large deals shaping up? How does it work for you 
guys? Does it so happen that the 1-250-odd-million bracket engagements, 
they become into a more holistic sort of end-to-end solution? Or does it start 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 13 
from a large contract when from a new customer? Any light there would be 
really helpful. 
Warren Harris: 
I think the architecture and the specifics of large deals vary from customer-
to-customer engagement to engagement. What I will say is that we are 
targeting large deals both in terms of our hunting activities and in terms of the 
relationships that we have with our existing customers. One of the things that 
we've been focusing on is proactive architecting of large propositions that 
address the unmet needs of our customers. 
That investment and that capability that we are building is in part what's 
informed progress that we're making on the large deal front. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from Phillip 
Capital India. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, Warren, the first question is on EVs. We 
have seen some bit of a customer adoption which has slowed down in EVs in 
the US and Europe due to multiple reasons. We have a very strong success in 
the EV segment. Will it have any impact on our business due to this? 
Warren Harris: 
That's a great question and a question that we've been asked multiple times 
since the statements from companies like GM and Ford and to a lesser extent, 
the likes of Toyota. Our view is that the pendulum swing has been affected 
within the automotive industry in terms of the move to alternative propulsion 
systems. 
All of the projects that we are currently involved with from a product 
development perspective, almost all of the projects have some form of 
electrification. And if you look at where the industry is investing, we are quite 
confident that the thrust towards the skill sets and capabilities that we have 
will not only continue, but it will sustain through the extended period over the 
next 5 to 10 years. 
I think that there are some specific things that are influencing the North 
American market. I think that there is concerns about the change in the White 
House at the end of the year and the impact that that will have on the Inflation 
Reduction Act. And there may be things like that that will play out in different 
parts of the world. And I think that could have an impact on demand and the 
number of units that are sold. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 14 
But I do not believe that it's going to impact the investment in new product. 
We are typically, when we are engaged to develop product for our customers, 
we're investing in what will define the competitive position of our customers 
in 3- and 4-years’ time. And we do not see at the moment any compromise 
or slowdown in the demand that we've been building our thesis around for the 
last 3 to 4 years. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks a lot for the detailed answer. The second question is regarding 
the services segment. So, in services, we have seen a growth rate of close to 
double digits in this quarter and in H1 it was around 15. So, considering the 
drag from VinFast, how should we think about the growth in services segment 
for FY '25? 
Warren Harris: 
As I said before, I think that the transition from engineering to launch support, 
it impacted Q3. We expect further runoff in Q4. And so, growth will taper. But 
we'll be largely through it come the end of February, March time frame. And 
so, as we go into FY '25, the base will be solid and we expect to continue the 
growth trajectory that we've been on for the last 3 years. So, we're extremely 
bullish about next year. And we anticipated what's happened at VinFast. 
We've planned and we've prepared for it. So, this is not a surprise. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. And last question is on margins. So, the margins have seen a very smart 
expansion over the last 3 years. And in this quarter also, we have seen a margin 
expansion. So, from a medium-term perspective, how are you thinking about 
margins? Are they optimized or do you think there's still room for expansion 
going right? 
Warren Harris: 
I'll let Savitha take that one. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Yes, thanks for the question. You're right. I think there's been a lot of 
concerted effort to look at improving our cost base and our operational 
efficiencies. And the result of that is what you've seen as part of our margin 
expansion story, aided of course by growth that we've enjoyed as well. And if 
you look at within the industry, one would say that our peers of similar size 
tend to operate at the same level that we are at right now, somewhere 
between 18% to 18.5%. 
And that's the band that at this point, we want to consistently be able to 
deliver. And as we continue to grow and scale our business, the North Star in 
the medium to long term would be to try and build another 200 to 250 basis 
point on top of this level. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 15 
 
And that's the kind of goalpost we'll try and move the business towards. 
Karan Uppal: 
Any timeline you're looking at for these 200 to 250 bps expansions? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Sorry, could you repeat your question? 
Karan Uppal: 
I'm saying any timeline you're looking at for these 200 to 250 bps expansions, 
maybe over the next one year, two years? 
Savitha Balachandran: 
At this point in time, I'm afraid we won't be able to put a specific 
timeline on it. But as the business scales, one should be able to see benefits 
of that flowing through to margins, through both operating leverage and 
efficiency. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, thanks a lot. And all the best. 
Savitha Balachandran: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish T from JM Mutual 
Funds. Please go ahead. 
Ashish T: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So we do understand that we also have an 
engagement with Airbus. So as far as the recent development is concerned, 
Airbus and Tata will be manufacturing H125 single engine helicopters, again, 
based out of Gujarat facility. So if you could help us understand our 
engagement, the entire scheme of things, you said that we are involved with 
Tata Motors and JLR in almost every aspect. 
So would it be fair to assume that as far as Airbus and Tata group contracts 
are concerned, to be there spread out across pretty nicely? 
Warren Harris: 
Again, I'm not at liberty to confirm the specifics of the engagement that we 
have with TASL or Airbus. But what I will say is that we were accredited by 
Airbus some 18 months ago. We're now part of their EMES cube supply 
program. That program is a program that supports over EUR2 billion of 
annualized outsourced spend. 
And increasingly, that spend is coming to India. We are the only accredited 
Tata Group engineering service provider. The relationship between Airbus and 
the Tata group continues to grow, not just with the C295 engagement with 
TASL, but also through the investment that Air India have made in terms of a 
new aircraft that will be coming into the fleet in the next couple of years. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 16 
And we believe that the tailwinds associated with that partnership will provide 
significant opportunity for Tata Technology. So we're excited about the 
relationship with Airbus. We've invested in opening up facilities in Toulouse 
and Hamburg. We've had a longstanding relationship with TASL. We have a 
relationship with Air India. 
 
And we expect to continue to support all of those organizations as we build 
out our aerospace proposition in the future. 
Ashish T: 
And would we have a similar engagement with Boeing as well? 
Warren Harris: 
We've worked with Boeing for many, many years. I worked in the 90s with -- 
through the partnership that we have with Dassault Systems on the first 
digital aircraft, the 777. We were also a major supplier to their PLM initiatives 
in and around the 787. We have a number of technical engagements with 
Boeing at the moment and are in discussions with regard to scaling that and 
making that relationship into something that's meaningful to both 
organizations. So we do have ambitions to build out our partnership with 
Boeing. 
Ashish T: 
This is helpful. And lastly, our proportion of services business and the 
technology business to our overall revenues. So 80% of the revenues coming 
from services part, so that should remain stable or you envisage a higher 
percentage contribution as we go ahead into the years? 
Warren Harris: 
I think our ambitions are to scale the services business at a faster rate than 
the technology solutions business. The technology solutions business is 
important to us because it helps us maintain the relationship with the 
technology vendors that provide the technology stack on which 
manufacturing companies do business. 
And so it's important in terms of revenue, but it's more important in terms of 
the strategic contribution that it makes to our business. So our ambitions in 
terms of growth for technology solutions is somewhat lesser than the 
ambitions that we have for our services business. 
Ashish T: 
Yes, this is very helpful. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk 
Investments. Please go ahead. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 17 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Yes, thank you again. If I could just chip in with one more question. We have 
80 odd% of revenues within services segment from the auto industry. So 
going forward, how do we see this mix shifting because we have aerospace 
and the tailwinds there of. And there's a mention of helping the world farm as 
well. So in context of that is industrial heavy machinery and any sort of work 
that you're doing, you could share what's building in the pipeline and what sort 
of capabilities are really helpful. 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, it's a great, great question. And I think just in terms of how we are looking 
at the industry diversification in the business, we continue at our heart to 
focus upon the mobility sector. We are recognized by Zinnov as the number 
one automotive engineering service provider in India. And I think our 
proposition, our full vehicle, our full turnkey capabilities that we have in 
automotive that extend beyond mechanical into embedded electronics and 
software defined vehicles. 
I think that proposition continues to differentiate ourselves and by 
association represents significant opportunity. And we want to harvest that 
opportunity. So we're going to stay focused upon automotive. But aerospace 
is a business that it represents a much smaller base. And so in percentage 
terms, given the relationship that we've established with Airbus specifically, 
and given the investments that the group is making, we expect the growth 
rate of aerospace to extend and exceed the growth in automotive. 
 
And with transport, construction, and heavy machinery, typically that industry 
lags automotive by three to four years. And so the move to electrification, 
connected, autonomous and shared, we're starting to see that in the farm 
equipment and the construction equipment space. And many of the skills and 
experiences that we've capitalized in automotive are directly fungible to the 
opportunity that that vertical represents. 
 
So we certainly see that the aerospace transport, construction, and heavy 
machinery in three to five years' time will likely make up a bigger percentage 
of our services mix than they do today. But that continues to -- But I would 
continue to reinforce that we are not going to be diverted from the material 
and the sizable opportunity that we continue to see in automotive. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Thank you. All the best. Congratulations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang 
Equities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 18 
Girish Pai: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Warren, you mentioned that FY25 is going to 
see robust growth on the one hand, whereas you're saying that VinFast, which 
is probably the largest kind of customer, which constituted almost like 20%-
25% of revenues in FY23, if I'm not mistaken. I don't know the number for FY24, 
will wind down by 4Q.  
So what is going to replace that in FY25 and still 
deliver robust growth? 
Warren Harris: 
Again, great question. And so in terms of our business plan and expectations 
for next year we are working with our automotive customers on the move to 
electrification and the move to connected and software-defined vehicles. 
And increasingly, we are seeing a shift of investment from mechanical 
systems into the new tech areas. 
 
And that's why we've invested very heavily in terms of capacity in those areas, 
and also in terms of capability. And that's why the partnerships with Agratas, 
the partnerships with Intel, and the partnerships with Arm are so important. 
And so our expectations for growth next year are informed by order book and 
informed by pipeline in and around those vectors. 
 
We have also seen with aerospace that we will significantly improve the 
contribution from Airbus as a customer. We were empanelled 18 months ago. 
We have gone through the accreditation process at Airbus. Airbus is a very 
regulated company. And so we've had to demonstrate compliance in multiple 
areas. We've opened offices in Toulouse and Hamburg. And during that time, 
we've built up a sizable order book, and we expect to discharge that next year. 
So the order book and trust book that we've built in automotive together with 
the pipeline and the expectations that we have in and around accounts like 
Airbus are really inspiring the confidence that we have about the next fiscal 
year. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. My second question, Warren, in one of your media interviews, I think 
prior to the IPO, you mentioned that the exposure to the Tata group, not just 
Tata Motors and JLR, was to the extent of almost 43%, if I'm not mistaken. And 
you made a point that, that is up. So is it going to come from Tata Motors, JLR 
or some other entities within the Tata group? 
Warren Harris: 
Yes, I would distinguish the Tata Motors group from other Tata group 
companies. Agratas is a subsidiary of Tata Suns, not the Tata Motors group. In 
terms of percentages last year, Tata Motors and JLR, at an aggregate revenue 
level, represented less than 33%. Because of the confidence that both of 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 19 
those organizations have given their recent success, they've increased capex 
over the last 12 months. And that capex investment, and these are public 
domain numbers, that capex investment is expected to rise somewhat 
exponentially. And so we clearly want to harvest that opportunity. 
 
And so we are bullish about the growth at Tata Motors and JLR. And as a result, 
in the short term, we expect the percentage contribution from the Tata 
Motors group to spike up a little bit. But I think medium to long term, the trend 
that we've been on for the last 10 years is likely to continue. And I certainly 
would expect in three to five years' time, the contribution from Tata Motors 
group to diminish in percentage term because of the growth that we see 
outside of the group. 
Now, typically within the group, in the past, we've worked with organizations 
like Tata Steel, we've worked with TASL, and we've worked with Air India. And 
we'll continue to cultivate independent relationships with those organizations. 
But the partnership that I guess I'm most excited about at the moment is the 
partnership with Agratas. The group is making a major investment in 
gigafactories. There will be a need for pack engineering and pack design 
capabilities. 
 
We will have the opportunity to partner with them in terms of industrializing 
the plants in Gujarat and in the UK, and in deploying the digital tools that will 
enable the development of a product and the optimization of how they run 
the operations and specifically drive the smart manufacturing solutions into 
the gigafactory. So very, very excited about the partnership that we've 
announced today and the potential that augurs in the future. 
As I said in my opening comments, it really extends upstream the Tata 
Technologies capabilities. Traditionally, we've taken responsibility for systems 
integration of batteries and battery management systems. And this 
partnership will afford us the opportunity to build and cultivate capabilities in 
and around the engineering and the design and the development of batteries, 
not just for the automotive industry, but also for the two-wheeler and the 
three-wheeler space, and also non-mobility products that require batteries 
in the future. 
Girish Pai: 
My last question is with regard to what you're seeing in the pipeline, the size 
of orders. The largest order would be of what size? Would it be somewhere 
around 100 million, 250 million or 500 million? What is the approximate size 
of the largest order that you see in your pipeline? 

© Copyright 2024 Tata Technologies. All rights reserved. All other 
trademarks are trademarks of their respective owners. 
Classification: Public 
 
 
 
 
| 20 
Warren Harris: 
All that I will say as far as order book and pipeline is concerned is that we are 
confident that the order book and the pipeline will support the ambitions that 
we have for growth next year. We don't disclose specific customer order book 
information and we don't disclose the aggregate order book information. I 
would just say again that we are confident that we have a sufficient platform 
and sufficient opportunity to realize the type of growth that's expected of this 
sector. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last 
question of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vijay Lohia for closing comments. 
Vijay Lohia: 
Thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. We hope that we've been 
able to answer most of your questions. If there are any further questions, 
please do get in touch with our investor relations team and we will be happy 
to answer all your questions. Goodbye from all of us here at the management 
team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tata Technologies, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
