                              
        
 
 February 18, 2024 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Transcript of the NCLT Convened Meeting - Equity Shareholders 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Meeting of the Equity Shareholders of Tejas 
Networks Limited convened on February 09, 2024 pursuant to the directions of the Hon’ble 
National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru Bench. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN
Digitally signed by 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN 
Date: 2024.02.18 11:16:00 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
Transcript of the NCLT Convened Meeting of the Equity 
Shareholders of 
 
Tejas Networks Limited 
 
Friday, February 9, 2024 at 10.00 A.M. (IST) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PARTICIPANTS: 
MR.. UDAY SHANKAR R M – CHAIRPERSON 
MR. PRADEEP B. KULKARNI – SCRUTINIZER 
MR. ANAND ATHREYA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT DHINGRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -TEJAS 
NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. N. R. RAVIKRISHNAN – CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER & COMPANY 
SECRETARY -- TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. PARAG NAIK – MANAGING DIRECTOR  & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SAANKHYA LABS PVT. LIMITED 
MR. VISHWA KAYARGADDE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER – SAANKHYA LABS PVT. LIMITED 
 

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
2 
 
 
Ravikrishnan: 
Dear Members. Good Morning, Good afternoon and Good evening, wherever you are in the World. 
I, N.R. Ravikrishnan, Company Secretary of Tejas Networks Limited extend a warm welcome to 
all our members for this Meeting of the Equity Shareholders convened as per the direction of the 
Honorable National Company Law Tribunal, Special Bench, Bengaluru vide order dated      
December 7, 2023. As you are aware, this meeting is being called for the purpose of considering 
the 
Scheme 
of 
Amalgamation 
of 
Saankhya 
Labs 
Private 
Limited 
and                                 
Saankhya Strategic Electronics Private Limited with Tejas Networks Limited and their respective 
shareholders. I have with me Mr. Uday Shankar R M, who is the Chairperson appointed by National 
Company Law Tribunal, Special Bench, Bengaluru to conduct the proceedings of this meeting. 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act 2013 and circulars issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs and Securities and Exchange Board of India, this meeting is being held through 
video conferencing. A live webcast of the proceedings of this meeting is also provided on the 
website of NSDL. While we have provided remote e-voting facility to the members before the 
meeting, I would like to inform the members that the said facility is also available during this 
meeting. The members who have not yet cast their vote may cast the same at the end of the meeting. 
Please note that members who have already voted on the resolution by way of remote e-voting 
earlier, will not be able to vote again. Participation of members through video conferencing is being 
reckoned for the purpose of quorum. The notice convening this meeting has been sent to all 
shareholders in advance through electronic means, speed post. An advertisement of the said notice, 
convening the meeting was also published. To avoid disturbances, all the members who have joined 
the meeting have by default being placed on mute mode. Members who have registered themselves 
as speakers will be unmuted by the moderator on their name being called out for speaking. 
Members seeking any technical assistance during the meeting may reach out to the help line 
numbers provided in the notice. Without taking much time, I would request Mr. Uday Shankar R 
M, Chairperson to take this meeting forward. Over to you, Mr. Shankar. 
Uday Shankar: 
Thank you Ravi. Ladies and gentlemen, Good Morning to all of you. As mentioned by the 
Company Secretary, I have been appointed by NCLT, Special Bench, Bengaluru to chair this 
meeting. I would like to start with an introduction of the esteemed Board Members and Senior 
Executives of the Company who are attending this meeting Mr. Anand Athreya, Managing Director 
and CEO, Mr. Arnob Roy, Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Sumit Dhingra, 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Parag Naik, Managing Director and CEO, Saankhya Labs Private 
Limited, Mr. Vishwa Kayargadde, Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer, Saankhya Labs 
Private Limited. 
 
I also thank the representative of M/s. Price Waterhouse and Company, Statutory Auditors of the 
Company, representative of M/s. Singhi, Dev and Unni, Internal Auditors of the Company,           
representative of M/s. C Dwarakanath, Secretarial Auditors of the Company who are attending this 
meeting through Video Conference. 
 
We have Mr. Pradeep Kulkarni, Practicing Company Secretary to assist us and Mr. Falguni 
Chakraborty from NSDL to advise on the technical aspects of the audio-visual means of the 
meeting. Mr. Pradeep, can you please confirm whether the quorum is present?   

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
3 
 
Pradeep Kulkarni: 
Chairman Sir, another few more shareholders are yet to log in. We have to just wait for  few minutes 
and then officially commence the meeting. 
Uday Shankar: 
Sure. 
Pradeep Kulkarni: 
Chairman Sir, quorum is present. We can continue the meeting.  
 
Uday Shankar: 
Thank you, sir. The Scrutinizer has confirmed that the quorum for the meeting is present and 
accordingly, I will call this meeting to order. In compliance with various MCA circulars the 
Companies Act read with the rules framed thereunder and the SEBI Listing regulations, the facility 
of remote e-voting as well as e-voting during this meeting has been provided to all the members. 
The remote e-voting facility commenced on Monday, February 5, 2024 at 09:00 a.m. (IST) and 
ended on Thursday, February 8, 2024 at 05:00 p.m (IST). Those members who have not cast their 
vote through remote e-voting may vote during the meeting by clicking on the vote tab which will 
be visible on their screens once the voting begins. The voting shall commence after the conclusion 
of the Q&A session. Members who have already voted through remote e-voting will not be able to 
vote again. Mr. Pradeep Kulkarni, practicing Company Secretary, has been appointed as scrutinizer 
by NCLT, Special Bench, Bengaluru to scrutinize the e-voting during the meeting and remote e-
voting process to ensure that they are conducted in a fair and transparent manner. The rationale and 
other necessary information, including salient features of the scheme are mentioned in the 
explanatory statement appended to the notice convening this meeting which has been circulated to 
all the members. I shall now take the notice convening this meeting as read. In the Notice dated 
December 31, 2023, the resolution proposed for adoption by the members is mentioned. Since the 
resolution, forming part of the notice, has already been voted on through remote e-voting and as 
provided in the secretarial standards relating to general meetings, there will be no proposal and 
seconding of the resolution, neither will be there voting by show of hands. The scheme shall be 
considered approved by the Equity Shareholders if the resolution mentioned in the notice has been 
approved by majority of persons representing three-fourth in value of the Equity Shareholders e-
voting during the meeting or by remote e-voting in terms of the provisions of sections 230 to 232 
of the Companies Act 2013.   
 
Members who have registered themselves as speakers can express their views. The moderator will 
call out the speaker's name one at a time and will simultaneously unmute the audio. Speakers may 
also turn on their videos while speaking. Once the speaker finishes, the moderator will put the 
speaker on mute. If for any reason there is connectivity issues at the speaker's end, the speaker will 
be disconnected and the next speaker will be invited to speak. Once connectivity is restored, the 
earlier speaker will be again given a chance to speak after all the other speakers.  
 
I would like to remind the members that this meeting has been exclusively convened at the 
directions of the Honorable NCLT only to approve the composite scheme of arrangement and is 
not for any other agenda. I request the members to keep their questions brief and specific on this 
scheme.  Before the moderator begins calling out the names, may I, in the interest of time, request 
each of the speaker shareholders to restrict their queries to a maximum of three minutes only and 
also not to repeat questions asked by earlier speakers. I now open the floor to members to raise 
their queries they may have and request the moderator to call out the names of the speaker 

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
4 
 
shareholders in the order of their registrations.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. We now begin the question and answer session. Our first speaker 
shareholder is Dr. Arun Kumar Boppanna. Sir, I request you to kindly unmute yourself and raise 
the question. 
Arun Boppanna: 
Yeah, good morning. And Jai Sri Ram. Thanks to Ravikrishnan. One promise is still pending you 
have not shared your WhatsApp number. It's a network company and we had a communication 
problem of getting the quorum is the challenge of Tejas Networks. The advantage is that Saankhya 
Labs is a fabulous successful semiconductor startup in India with a plan to disrupt the wireless 
communications landscape. And there's a lot of shortage of semiconductor chips. I mean, global 
shortage and Government of India is planning investments of Rs.76,000 crore and the new 
semiconductor policy to overcome difficulties. So will it really overcome the difficulties and what 
will be the impact on our P&L in future? Software-defined Radios and chip set with ultra-low 
power consumption, fully programmed. What is the Capex and what is the effect on P&L? 
Installation of SATCOM responders and marine vessels for fishermen safety. Plan to develop next-
gen satellite communications. Here also, I'd like to know the Capex and P&L. Jiddu Krishnamurthy 
once said that computers will invent better Gods. I hope Tejas will take the lead in this, and I wish 
you all the best. I support this merger and I hope it'll be a big leap in communication industry to 
connect the world for a better tomorrow, to be a global player in wireless communication with 
innovations. Thank you very much. I wish you all the best. I also have another Tata meeting at      
11 o'clock as I told you Ravi, all the best. See you sometime next time when I come back to 
Bangalore.  
Ravikrishnan: 
Thank you. Definitely Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Our next speaker shareholder is Mr. Manoj Kumar Gupta. Sir, I request 
you to kindly unmute and raise the question.  
Manoj Gupta: 
Hello. Good morning. Respected Chairman of the meeting, Board of Directors and fellow 
Shareholders. My name is Manoj Kumar Gupta joining this meeting from my residence in Kolkatta. 
I feel proud to be a part of Tata and I thank the Company Secretary and his team for their excellent 
support to us to join this meeting through VC. And I thank the Company Secretary that he has 
called me after he got my  registration request as a speaker. So such type of people are there in the 
Tatas and I am a great admirer of Tatas that they do something for the country and the society and 
the investors. So I feel proud and I strongly support all the resolutions, which are put to vote for in 
front of the shareholders. I strongly support that. I believe that company will more progress under 
the new management will take the company to new heights.  
 
But sir, I'm very sorry to say, because you are the chairperson for today’s meeting as appointed by 
the NCLT, that after the commencement of the meeting, it was informed that quorum is not present. 
And we have to wait 15 minutes before commencement of the meeting. In Tatas, I find that 
scrutinizer role is just to scrutinize the board, but Company Secretary will inform the Chairman 
that quorum is not present. But in last seven months, I have attended nine EGMs of Tatas, convened 
by the NCLT for Merger and Demerger. And in all meetings the entire board was present and 
quorum was present. So this type of problem should not repeat in future. I strongly support all the 

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
5 
 
motions and I thank the Company Secretary again, but such type of problems should not be created 
in future in the Tatas. I totally agree with my previous speaker, Dr. Boppanna, that Tejas will be 
the number one company in every aspect, and they will spread the wings globally. Indian company 
will spread the wings globally and give good returns to the employees and the investors in coming 
time under the new management with this. Thank you, sir.   
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Our next speaker shareholder is Mr. Naveen Bothra. Sir, I request you 
to kindly unmute and raise the question.  
Naveen Bothra: 
Good Morning to the Chairman of the meeting Mr .Uday Shankar, MD and CEO of Tejas, Anand 
Athreya, distinguished board members and management team of Tejas, Mr. Parag and other senior 
members of Saankhya Labs. Very good morning and greetings. I'm Naveen Bothra attending this 
virtual meeting from Delhi for this court convened meeting. At the outset, I congratulate the 
management team of Tejas for this scheme enabling merger of Saankhya Labs and its subsidiary 
companies which will go a long way in Tejas journey a leading global R&D-led organization. I am 
sure the merged team will work in a synchronized way and the synergy of Saankhya and Tejas’s 
capability with the brand of Tata will work in an excellent manner for the benefit of all the 
stakeholders and the zeal and the innovation quotient at Saankhya as well as Tejas will get 
accelerated with this merger. I hope and wish our transformational broadcast capabilities in D2M 
will get enhanced attention and I would like to request the Chairman of the meeting to kindly 
enlighten us on the roadmap ahead for the D2M. And I have already voted in favor of all the 
resolutions. Best wishes and all the very best to the Tejas and Saankhya teams. I propose a vote of 
thanks to the Board. Thank you very much, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Our next speaker shareholder is Mr. Vasudeva Ramasamy. Sir, I request 
you to kindly unmute yourself and raise the question.  
Vasudeva Ramasamy: 
Very Good Morning, Mr. Uday Shankar, Chairman of the meeting, Mr. Anand Athreya, Mr. Parag 
Naik and other team members of Tejas and Saankhya. Now, I will not differentiate Saankhya from 
Tejas since a merger is happening. And so there is no question of Saankhya now at least for the 
present. So coming back, I am Vasudeva Ramasamy attending this court convened meeting from 
Delhi. My heartiest congratulations to the team of management and particularly my professional 
friend, Mr. Ravi, for a thoroughly drafted scheme. A lot of work has gone into it. I fully appreciate 
it. I have got just a couple of questions for consideration of the meeting. So what are the key roles 
envisaged for the senior management of Saankhya in the merged entity and what are the plans for 
synchronization of Saankhya with Tejas and how this is proposed to be achieved?  
 
And, you know, I have one suggestion to the management that the name Saankhya needs to be 
continued as it gives you a good sign and that has been in the market and in the mind of the 
customer and the end user for quite a long time. So this is just a suggestion which the management 
can consider. I have already voted in favor of all the resolutions. All the best to the team. Just 
thanks a lot for the opportunity. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Our next speaker shareholder is Mr. Mahesh Mandhare.  I'm sorry to 
inform that Mr. Mahesh Mandhare is not present. Sir, we we'll connect with you offline. You can 
raise the questions offline. I thank all the speaker shareholders. Over to you, Chairman Sir. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
February 9, 2024 
 
6 
 
Uday Shankar:  
Thank you to all the speaker shareholders. This being the NCLT convened meeting, the results will 
be reported to the NCLT. I authorize Mr. N R Ravikrishnan Company Secretary of the Tejas 
Networks Limited to receive and declare the voting results, along with the scrutinizer’s report, 
intimate NCLT, Special Bench, Bengaluru and the stock exchanges where the securities of Tejas 
Networks Limited are listed and place the same on the website of Tejas Networks Limited. The 
resolution as set forth in the notice shall be deemed to be passed today subject to the requisite 
number of majority votes after the scrutinizer reports to me. Also, Tejas Networks Limited will put 
up the results on the Notice Board at the registered office and the corporate office and on the 
website of Tejas Networks Limited and NSDL, on or before close of business as on February 13, 
2024. I now request the members who have not voted so far to cast their votes now. Members may 
note that e-voting window will remain open for the next 15 minutes. Please go ahead and complete 
your e-voting.  
 
 
Uday Shankar: 
Since there were a couple of, uh, questions that were asked by a couple of shareholders. They were 
not specific though. They were all words of encouragement to the company. Could one of the panel 
members from the company reply to these please, in brief? Kindly keep it brief.  
Anand Athreya: 
We consider Saankhya to be an asset. There are lots of technologies that they bring in and we have 
already systematically started integrating a lot of the talent and other technologies into Tejas 
products. For example, the 5G team is now fully integrated. Then we will also look at the broadcast, 
the silicon, the satcom, and how they become part of the Tejas portfolio. 
Uday Shankar: 
Thank you, sir. To all the shareholders who are attending this meeting, if there are any detailed, 
queries that they may have they're free to write to the company, and I'm sure that the company will 
give them a detailed reply on any of their doubts or queries that they may have on this merger. I've 
been informed that the voting having been completed the business of the meeting is now complete. 
I therefore declare the meeting closed. I thank all the shareholders, auditors and board members 
for attending the meeting. Thank You.  
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
 
