 
                  
 
निवेशक सेवाएँ कक्ष                                                                                                                  
 
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
कॉर्पोरेट कार्ाालर् : 254-260, अव्वै षण्मुगम सालै, रॉर्र्पेट्टा, चेन्नै – 600 014 
Corporate Office: 254-260, Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah, Chennai – 600 014 
फोि Phone: 044-2813 4484/4698, ई-मेल Email: ibinvestorrelations@indianbank.co.in 
हमें फॉलो करें Follow us on 
 
 
 
 
          Ref. No.: ISC/ 439/2023-24                                                                                Date:01.02.2024 
 
The Vice President 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: INDIANB 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code- 532814 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Post Earnings Concall / Meet  
 
 
In terms of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in 
continuation of our Letter No. ISC/408/2023-24 dated 19.01.2024 and Letter No. ISC/430/2023-
24 dated 24.01.2024 regarding Analysts / Investors Concall / Meet, we are enclosing a copy of 
Transcript of said post Earnings Concall/ Meet held by the Bank on 24.01.2024 on the Financial 
Results of the Bank for the Third Quarter and Nine Months period of Financial Year 2023-24 
ended on December 31, 2023. 
 
The Concall Transcript is also uploaded on Bank’s website and the same can be accessed 
through below link: 
 
https://indianbank.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Q3-FY24-Post-Result-Concall-Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information, record and dissemination please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Bank 
 
 
 
AGM & Company Secretary  
Encl: A/a 
DINA NATH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by DINA NATH KUMAR 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=f9e22b8c1b4cbe397ea15
4974bb1f6e21a396ec0948def3bce41114
84c37a148, postalCode=600014, ou=CO 
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL, o=INDIAN 
BANK, c=IN, cn=DINA NATH KUMAR 
Date: 2024.02.01 20:55:36 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Bank Q3 FY’24 Results  
Post Earnings Conference Call / Meet  
Held on 24.01.2024 
 
Transcript 
 
 
Management:  
 
 
Shri S. L. Jain  
MD & CEO  
 
Shri Imran Amin Siddiqui  
Executive Director  
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj 
Executive Director 
 
Shri Ashutosh Choudhury  
Executive Director 
 
Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh  
Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
 
Shri Anand Dama  
Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd 
 
 

1 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Emkay, we 
welcome all the participants to the Indian Bank, Third Quarter FY24 Post-Results 
Conference Call. From the Bank, we have entire top management of Indian Bank              
Shri Shanti Lal Jain, MD & CEO, Shri Imran Siddiqui, Executive Director, Shri Mahesh 
Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director, Shri Ashutosh Choudhury, Executive Director, Shri Shiv 
Bajrang Singh, Executive Director and Shri Sunil Jain, Chief Financial Officer and the 
other top management. 
 
I request MD & CEO Sir to start with his opening remarks where we would request him to 
share the key highlights from the third quarter results, along with share the outlook on 
growth, margins, and asset quality going forward.  
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you, Anand. Good evening all analysts and investors 
in the post-result conference call. for Q3 FY 2024. So, as far as the business of the bank 
is concerned, we have grown by 11% and reached to Rs.11.64 lakh crore, the deposit 
has grown by 10% and advances have grown by 13%. In the Deposit of 10% growth in 
total deposits, our savings deposit has grown by 7%, current by 12%, as a result, CASA 
has grown by 8%, and the term deposit has grown by 11%. 
 
Advances have grown by 13%, out of which RAM (Retail, Agri & MSME) has grown by 
13%. Under the RAM, Retail has grown by 14%, of which housing loan has grown by 
12%, auto loan has grown by 46%, and personal loan grown by 30%. Agri has grown by 
16% of which gold loan has grown by 28%, investment credit has grown by 7%, agri-allied 
has grown by 58%, and SHG by 40%. MSME has grown by 7.5% of which Micro is 18% 
and Small is 2% and Corporate Credit has grown by 10%. 
 
As far as our profitability is concerned, the operating profit of the Bank has grown 1% on 
a Y-o-Y basis, and the net profit has grown 52% on a Y-o-Y basis. The operating profit 
growth is backed by the NII growth which has grown by 6%, and the non-interest income 
has grown by 21% (fee-based income). Under the fee-based income, processing fees 
have grown by 9%, cross-sell by 33%, PSLC by 318% and PFMS by 45%. 
 
As far as nine months are concerned, the operating profit has grown by 11%, and the net 
profit has grown by 52%. So, this current quarter the operating profit has grown only by 
1% because of one major reason, the wage revision provision was made. As you all know, 
the IBA has agreed for 17% wage settlement. So, we have made a 17% wage provision. 
In addition to that, we have also made provisions for retirement benefits like leave 
encashment, gratuity, pension, etc. So, in all actually the current quarter, we made a 
provision of Rs.562 crores on account of wage revision. 
 
So currently, we are holding a total provision of Rs.251 crores as against Rs.689 crore of 
last quarter. Out of Rs.562 crore provision, the normal amount that we are expecting per 
quarter will be between Rs.200 crores to Rs.225 crores. So, Rs.562 crore minus Rs.225 
crore, i.e. Rs.340 crore is the additional cost incurred in this quarter.  
 

2 
 
When you come to the margin, it has come down to 3.49% from 3.52% and there is a          
3 bps reduction. Of course, our yield on advances has grown by 3 bps from 8.75% to 
8.78%. Likewise, our yield on investment too has grown by 6.77% to 6.80%. Whereas the 
cost of deposit has grown by 4.89% to 4.99% and as a result, there is a reduction in the 
NIM by 3 bps. 
 
At the beginning of the year, we said that we would have a margin of 3.41% (+/- 10/15 
bps). So as against 3.41%, we are at 3.54% now. So virtually on a positive side, we are 
13 bps higher than what we have guided earlier. The current quarter is a comedown, but 
we were also able to maintain our domestic CASA above 41% on a sequential basis. So, 
our endeavor is always to contain our cost of deposits which is possible only through 
CASA. 
 
So far, we are successful, of course, in an increasing interest scenario the asset gets 
repriced earlier and the liabilities follows. So that is the liabilities repricing. And because 
of this wage revision provision, the cost-income ratio is also has grown from 44% to 47%. 
 
We are maintaining collection efficiencies at 95%. Our recovery was around Rs.2,500 
crores, and the slippages were Rs.1,600 crores. So, we have maintained our recovery 
more than the slippage. In nine months also our recovery was close to Rs.6,800 crores 
as against the Rs.5,500 crores of slippage. And we said that we will be having Rs.8,000 
crore of total recovery for the year, Rs.2,000 per quarter. So, this quarter too we are 
expecting Rs.2,000 crore recovery. However, this trend of recovery more than slippage 
will come down gradually. 
 
And as a result, our gross NPA, net NPA, and PCR have improved. So gross NPA has 
come down from 4.9% to 4.47%. Likewise, the net NPA has come down from 0.60%. to 
0.53% The slippage ratio has come down to 1.28%. And the credit cost has also come 
down from 0.79% to 0.76%. We expect this trend to continue. 
 
Now, next is the capital adequacy ratio, we are at 15.58% as against 15.53%, We have 
raised Rs.4,000 crore of QIP which is close to 1%. Because of RBI guidelines of an 
increase in risk weight on NBFCs and consumer loans, we had an impact of 57 bps, 
besides this the credit growth, these are the two factors as a result that our capital 
adequacy is 15.58%. But if you add the nine months profit it will become 17.11%. So,       
153 bps is the impact of nine months profit. Similarly, for CET 1, if we add 12.36% plus 
, in the view of the Bank, we have 17% capital adequacy and 
14% CET, so that way Bank is adequately capitalized. 
 
Now, I request my colleague, Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director to give an 
overview of some of the digital initiatives we have taken and then we will open the floor 
for the question and answers session. 
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director: Thank you Sir. Good afternoon 
everyone. As we continue with our digital transformation journey, this quarter we launched 

3 
 
15 journeys, against the 12 journeys launched during Q2. So, put together all products, 
processes, and portals we have now close to 78 journeys. As per the bank strategy we 
are creating all digital channels plus onboarding the customer on digital channels, and 
then making them to use these channels. So, with that, we have all facilities in digital 
channels including net banking, debit card, and mobile banking. The number of users and 
transactions are increasing. Coming to mobile banking, the users have gone up by 47% 
from Rs.1.08 crore to Rs.1.59 crore and transactions also have gone up by 26% Y-o-Y 
from Rs.1.38 crore in Dec-22 to Rs.1.74 crore in Dec-23. Similarly, UPI users have 
increased by 38% Y-o-Y from Rs.1.19 crore in Dec-22 to Rs.1.64 crore in Dec-23 and 
transactions increasing by 72% Y-o-Y from Rs.54 crore in Dec-22 to Rs.93 crore in Dec-
23. 
 
Same way the net banking users have gone up by 38% from Rs.74 lakh to Rs.1.03 crore, 
debit card users grew by 10% from Rs.2.93 crore to Rs.3.22 crore and credit card users 
have gone by 19% from Rs.1.56 lakhs to Rs.1.86 lakhs. We are very much focused on 
UPI QR code for CASA purposes, and it has gone up by 311% Y-o-Y from Rs.8.78 lakhs 
during Dec-22 to Rs.36.07 lakhs during Dec-23. 
 
Same way the PoS have also gone up by 47% Y-o-Y from 14,772 to 21,725. Our digital 
migration, the digital transactions during last year Dec-22 it was 83%, which has gone up 
to 87% during the period ended Dec-23. Even on a QoQ basis, it has increased 1% from 
86% to 87% and 4% on YoY basis. Digital business has gone up to Rs.52,884 crore in 
Dec-23 from Rs.4,875 in Dec-22, while we are targeting to take it up to Rs.70,000 crore. 
This growth is not only on the deposits side but also on RAM sector and we are also planning 
for launch of another  8-10 digital journeys in coming Q4 quarter. The bank has taken various 
digital initiatives like the digital lending platform (DLP), tab banking, omnichannel, 
analytics center of excellence, branch center of servitization, middleware, eximbills new 
modules. To add to this quarter, we have added e-OTS up to Rs.10 lakh which is non-
discriminatory and non-discretionary for the ease of customers doing the e-OTS which 
can be done sitting at home. Apart from that, we have also launched the death claim 
settlement portal. 
 
With that, we open the floor for Q & A. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you Sir. Now we will open up the floor for 
questions from participants. We have our first question coming from Mr. Ashok Ajmera. 
Please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Good evening, Sir. Jain Sir and all Executive Directors and GM 
present there, Compliments to you, Sir, for another quarter with a very good set of results 
and overall performance. The credit growth is also in line with the guidance or might even 
exceed the guidance, if we consider this current quarter also which will be ending in 
March, I'm sure. 
 
Having said that, you had mentioned that, if not for the increased provision of 17% due to 

4 
 
wage revision, the operating profit would have been much higher than last quarter. But if 
I see the employees cost, the increase is only Rs.160 crore in this quarter vis-a-vis the 
last quarter, from Rs. 2,176 crore to Rs.2,335 crores. So, where the burden of this 
additional cost has gone in the P&L? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you, Ajmera ji. There are two places, one is the salary 
and the employee cost. So, our normal expenditure is around Rs.1,345 crore. Last quarter 
also we made an additional provision of Rs.271 crore during last quarter also, to catch up 
the provision of 15% earlier. That is why on a sequential basis it is not appearing, but our 
expenditure is Rs.345 crores, we have made a provision for Rs.310 crore to catch up the 
17%, and a further provision of Rs.253 crore for retirement liabilities.  
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: From the next QTR Employees cost which is Rs.2335 crore, 
where it will come down, whether it will be 1700 crore or 1800 crore.   
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, my point is that Rs.562 crores minus Rs.225 crores, i.e. 
Rs.337 crores is the normalized cost. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Sir, you have also made an additional provision of Rs.399.72 
crores, as per note number 19, which is over and above the IRAC requirement. So, what 
was the need? Are you anticipating some account to slip or are you trying to take care of 
the next quarter? Are you sensing something for the next quarter for which this additional 
provision is made? Otherwise, this could have been saved and the operating profit would 
have been more by Rs.400 crore. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, this provisioning is below the operating profit, provisioning 
we are making based on our portfolio and so it will not affect the operating profit. 
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj: Executive Director: Operating Profit is only wage arrears are 
above the lines.  
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Sir, on the 
the increase in 
RWA, what is the effect on our capital adequacy as well as the cost because of the CRR 
and other conditions? And how much impact is passed on to the customers like NBFCs 
and what is our net impact? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Ajmera ji the RBI has increased the risk weight by 25% on 
the existing assets. So, as a result there is a 25% increase in the RW of NBFC other than 
housing and also 25% increase in RWA on the unsecured consumer loan. So as a result, 
our RWA has increased by 57 bps. 
 
Now the second question of yours is whether we can pass on the increased cost because 
of this. As we have AAA, AA, and A in NBFC, it cannot be passed on uniformly to all. 
Since we are living in a competitive era, we are trying to do repricing on the new proposals, 
wherever possible. 

5 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Sir, my last question is on the treasury operations. Where the 
segment wise if you see there is a little reduction in the treasury profit compared to the 
last and Considering whatever is happening, RBI says that there is no scope for further 
reduction in interest rates for the time being, looking at the high inflation and other 
economic factors. So, what do you anticipate in the March quarter? Do you expect any 
kind of mark-to-market gains/losses or how has our portfolio been built to face this? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: The RBI said that its first motto is to contain the inflation. So, 
inflation is 5.69% at present, and the RBI expects average inflation will be 5.4% for the 
year. Further, the RBI said that they will reduce the rate when on a durable basis the 
inflation will come down. When we see overseas, the rates in the US and China have also 
started softening. 
 
We also know that from the first quarter, Indian bonds will be part of the indices and all, 
so there will be further softening. So, we are increasing our duration or increasing our 
AFS book. Our AFS book has increased by 13% on a YoY basis from 6.84 to 7.33. We 
are trying to build a good quality asset so that the bank will get a good return from that 
continuously. 
 
We also expect that the 10-Year G-Sec which is around 7.20 will remain within the 7.10 
to 7.25 range. We expect it to soften in the first quarter because part of indices and that 
is the opportunity for us to make money and we are building our portfolio towards it. The 
one thing that has also happened is that the new RBI guideline regarding investment will 
come into force from April. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: But this time being the interim budget, the clarity may not be 
there in April, and full clarity may not be there about the government. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, but the RBI has already issued a circular and it is effective 
from 1st April. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much, sir. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: As of today, I have a good holding yield on the AFS book of 
7.33, which is more than the current rate of 7.20, so there is no question of mark to market. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Thank you Sir and all the best. If time permits, I'll come back 
again. Thank you. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you Sir. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yeah, thank you Mr. Ajmera. We'll take the next 
question from Mr. Gaurav representing Nine One Capital. Mr. Gaurav, please unmute 
yourself. 
 

6 
 
Gaurav Agrawal, Analyst: Hi Sir. Thank you for the opportunity and again 
congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I joined the call a bit late. So, if you talked 
about your advances growth guidance for this year and next year, can you please reiterate 
it? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay. At the beginning of the year, we said that our credit 
would grow by 10-12%. We have grown 13% and our growth is broad-based. Now the 
RBI said that the GDP growth of the current financial year will be 7% and even for the 
next financial year So we are expecting the same kind of opportunities next year as well. 
And the way the income level of the citizens are increasing, there will be an opportunity 
for consumption loans, housing loans, and auto loans. So, we would want to grow at the 
same pace while maintaining our RAM at around 63%. We expect to have a broad-based 
growth so that our risk will be mitigated, our margins will be better, our customer base will 
be increasing and all our branches will be able to acquire more and more customers. 
 
Gaurav Agrawal, Analyst: Understood Sir. Sir, on the provisioning side, if there are no 
negative surprises, we will probably end the year with Rs.6,000 crore. Do you see a similar 
kind of number for FY25 or a slightly higher number? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: We expect the provisions to come down next year because 
the net NPA are coming down. Slippages are coming down, our SMA numbers are coming 
down, so overall provision is also expected to come down next year. 
 
Gaurav Agrawal, Analyst: Okay. And Sir, lastly, if you can explain about your employee 
cost. You mentioned that you have over-provided Rs. 500 crores. I couldn't understand 
much what you were trying to say. If you can just explain again, and what kind of benefit 
you expect to get in the next quarter? Thank you. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: I told that we had made a full provision of 17%. Besides 17% 
we have made provision on an estimated basis for pension, gratuities, and other 
retirement benefits. So put together I can say we have made a provision of around 21% 
as against the 17%. If your salary increases, naturally your retirement benefit will also 
increase. So, based on our estimates we have made a provision and it was not over 
provided. 
 
Gaurav Agrawal, Analyst: Okay. So next quarter you will see Rs.300 crore lower number 
which Mr. Ajmera was kind of pointing out? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Only one eventuality can come in the next quarter, and that 
is the provision on pensions. So, actually that number has not come out. If we add that, 
the cost might be higher, otherwise our normal provisioning will be Rs.200 crore to        
Rs.225 crore per quarter. 
 
Gaurav Agrawal, Analyst: Okay, Sir. Thank you. 
 

7 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you. Next question is from Mr. Rakesh 
Kumar. Mr. Rakesh, please unmute yourself. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Hi Sir. Thank you. Sir, a couple of questions. So firstly, starting 
with the recovery number for this quarter, we see that in slide number 29, there is a drop 
in the gross NPA in MSME and corporate NPA numbers. So, are these very old gross 
NPA numbers because the recovery number is also looking quite good. So, if you can 
help us understand this drop in the NPA, especially in MSME and corporate. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, for corporate or MSME, we get recovery from the NCLT, 
SARFAESI, OTS, and from sale to ARC. So, these are the ways through which we 
generally do recovery. We have done more than 50,000 OTS in the last quarter. Due to 
higher recovery and write-off of some accounts, the NPA numbers have gone down. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Okay, got it Sir. So, what is the prospect on this going forward 
sir, if you can elaborate? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, our net NPA is only Rs.2,500 crore. Gross NPA is 
continuously coming down and it is 4.97%. The same was 11.2% during amalgamation, 
and this is now declining consistently on a Q o Q basis. We are aggressive in OTS, even 
we started online OTS when we are having 95 to 96% provisions we can recover our 
Money. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: So, if I adjust the recovery of Rs.1,150 crores that is given on 
slide number 28 and if I also adjust the interest income, there's quite close to around 50 
bps drop in the credit yield on a sequential basis. So, two things. How is the credit yield 
looking going ahead from here excluding the recovery number and margins? And can you 
please give some guidance on these two numbers on a normalized basis?  
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: The point is you have to consider the MOI recovery of        
Rs.215 crores mentioned in slide number 28, and not the Rs.1,100 crores. Similarly, the 
MOI recovery was Rs.256 crores for the September quarter. Because this MOI recovery 
is included in interest income, and at the same time around Rs.200 crore of interest 
reversal takes place in case of slippage. So, virtually it is nullified both ways. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Sir, basically where is Rs.1,151 crore minus Rs.418 crore which 
is AUC recovery where that number is sitting in the P&L? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah. That number is Rs.700 crore which we have not booked 
as an income because we may receive the money at a later date. Actually in NCD it might 
take  five-eight years to get the money. So, we'll book it as income as and when we 
receive the money. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Okay. So, you have booked only Rs.215 crore this quarter? 
 

8 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: We have booked interest of Rs.215 crore, and Rs.418 crore 
we have received as income. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Where the remaining amount of Rs.700 Crore is lying right now? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: As per our accounting policy and standard, unless we receive 
   Rs.700 
Crore as our income. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Suppose we receive the balance of Rs.700 crore in the next 
quarter, so where will you account it in the P&L? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: That income will go as recovery next time. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Okay. So, what is the margin guidance that we are looking at 
Sir in the next quarter or so? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: We had guided for a NIMs of 3.41% (+/- 10/15bps) at the 
beginning of the year. We are at 3.54% right now. And naturally, in an increasing interest 
rate scenario, the cost of deposit will have some impact. But our endeavor will always be 
to protect that. And for that, as mentioned earlier, 61% of our book is MCLR book. So, the 
asset will also come for repricing and the liability will also come for repricing. Further, on 
the treasury side, our AFS holding is 7.33 as against 6.84 of the last year. 
 
So, we are building assets where we are getting more 
MCLR 
repricing benefits so that we can match the increased cost. And so far we have been 
successful. 2-3 bps variance can always happen. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Understood Sir. Great, Sir. Thank you. Thank you so much, 
Sir. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you, Mr. Rakesh. Next question is from Mr. 
Ashwini. Mr. Ashwini, please unmute yourself. 
 
Ashwini, Analyst: Good evening, Sir. The current margins are at a decade-high of 3.5%. 
So, do you think that this can be sustained over a period of time? Because even in the 
earlier times we used to make roughly 3% margins on a normalized basis. And whatever 
margins which we are making are because our deposit repricing is slower than the loans. 
Do you see any pressure from RBI to increase the deposit rates as the cost or the increase 
in repo rates have been somewhat passed on the yield side but not on the cost side? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: My point is that RBI never says, you increase the deposit rate 
or whatever it is. It is the bank's management that decides the interest rates on deposits 
or advances based on their ALM books. As an organization we should focus on our CASA. 
So far, we are successful in maintaining 41% plus domestic CASA. If you are able to 
maintain that CASA, your cost will not increase, 
to fund with the 

9 
 
term deposit where the rate of interest is high. We have taken various initiatives to 
increase our CASA. We are doing number of things to increase CASA. We have 13 - 14 
state Government Office where we have started our office in R & GR. Even 51 cities 
where Money is there we have started our Resources acquisition center.  
 
But considering that the market is very challenging if we fail to raise CASA deposits, our 
credit growth will suffer. However, as on date we are at 78% CD ratio, and we have an 
LCR of 140% and we are having an excess SLR of 43%, and we have also built the 
treasury book. 
 
So as on date, we are comfortable. But going forward, slowly some money will gradually 
move from the treasury book to the credit book. So, we can go to 2% or 3% higher. At the 
same time, we will work to increase deposits. In the last nine months, we opened around 
45 lakhs new savings bank accounts, and we are entirely working on the CASA part. So, 
of course, deposit is a challenge, but we are working on it. 
 
Ashwini, Analyst: So, you said your CD ratio is 78%. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: CD ratio is only LDR, loan and deposit. Other sources are 
also there. For example, if I raise Rs. 4,000 crore of capital. This money will go to the 
advances. So even then my CD ratio is higher. So, I have taken some refinance, even the 
LDR is showing an increasing trend. The point is, that this LDR is not whole in totality. LDR 
is relevant, but other avenues are also there. Where we are having liquidity We're still 
having liquidity of Rs. 40,000 crore plus. Return on advances is obviously more than your 
investment return. So, we'll take some money from that also, and we will raise some 
money from the deposit also. This is the job of an ALM of a bank. 
 
Ashwini, Analyst: And Sir, the last question from my side. What is the comfortable LD 
ratio for the bank? The maximum loan-to-deposit ratio? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: We are currently sitting on an LCR of 142% as against 130% 
of the last quarter. We have excess SLR and deposits also. So, if we expect the deposits 
of Rs. 6,50,000 crore to grow at 10%, which will result in additional deposits of Rs. 65,000 
crore, and if we assume our advances of Rs.5 lakh crore to grow at 13%, which will lead 
to an additional credit of Rs.65,000 crore, both are still matching. So far, we have been 
able to match both these things. So, if we continue to grow the way we are growing, we 
will not have much impact on our LDR. 
 
Ashwini, Analyst: Okay, Sir, I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you, Mr. Ashwini. We'll take the next 
question from Mr. Dixit. Mr. Dixit, please unmute yourself. 
 
Dixit, Analyst: Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good 
performance consistently. I have three questions. Firstly, so ever since our net NPA has 

10 
 
gone below 1%, we started making provisions on standard assets from last three, four 
quarters, and gradually every quarter that provision is also coming down. So, this quarter 
it was only Rs.400 crores. So, do you feel that this trend will continue, and that provision 
on standard assets will also come down? And how much excess provisions we have 
created over the last few years? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, two things. It's always said that we should create buffers 
in good times. Also, when you grow at 10%/12%/13% during good times, you are virtually 
seeding the seeds for risk. Considering this, we are creating a buffer based on our own 
assessment. So slowly the buffer will also be completed as and when our net NPA will 
come down. So, the bank is getting strengthened in this process. But going forward it will 
not happen like this. 
 
Dixit, Analyst: How much provision we would be holding, other than the NPA provisions? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: We have close to Rs.7,500 crore of a standard asset 
provision, which includes all provisions put together. Which include all provisions whether 
Standard Asset provision, 7th June provision or other provisions, 
 
Dixit, Analyst: Okay. Now my second question is, this quarter if we see our slippages, it 
was only Rs. 133 crore on the corporate side. But we have read in the paper that, BGR 
system, where we had exposure of more than Rs.300 crore, had defaulted. So, has it not 
been counted as an NPA or it was already counted as an NPA earlier? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: We have counted it as NPA last quarter itself. 
 
Dixit, Analyst: Okay. And one last question from my side. So, our net NPA is below 1%, 
and recently there was an article in the newspaper that RBI is proposing that companies 
with 1% to 2% net NPA can pay up to 35% dividend or below 1% can pay up to 40%. I 
know most of the PSU banks are paying 20% dividend payout. Do you feel that it can go 
up? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: You see last year we paid a dividend of 86%, right? So, when 
we are earning, naturally we have to share the earnings with our investors as well. So as 
far as the metrics are concerned, we comply with all the metrics - our net NPA is less, and 
our CRAR is also comfortable. 
 
Dixit, Analyst: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: No RBI observations and all. Nothing is there. 
 
Dixit, Analyst: Okay. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Yeah. So, before we take the next question from 
the participant, there was this question in the chat box that there was this news flow 

11 
 
around some mis-selling of mutual fund insurance products and where after SBI bank, or 
Bank of Baroda, even Indian bank had suspended this business from the zones. Any 
comments over there? Number one. 
 
The second question is that any impact from the recent Tamil Nadu floods during the 
current quarter in terms of NPAs or any SMA pool buildup that has happened. Over to 
you Sir. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Firstly, mis-selling complaints on account of mutual funds is 
not related to us. The second point is that the impact of the Tamil Nadu flood and cyclone, 
right? So, there were floods in six districts, and cyclone in four districts. So, ten districts 
basically. The Tamil Nadu government too had declared it as a natural calamity. And we 
are working on that. So, we started restructuring some accounts but we do not have much 
exposure for crop loans in Tamil Nadu. Second is basically the retail or the MSME. So far, 
no big proposal has come to us. Some amount of restructuring is done in Manipur. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Is it possible to quantify the restructuring, and 
additional restructuring that we have done during the quarter? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: May be around Rs.50 crore, Rs.60 crore not beyond that. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Okay. We'll take the next question from Ms. Mona 
Khetan. Ms. Mona, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Hi Sir. Good evening. Just one clarification on the wage hike 
provisions. So, how much were we providing per month till last quarter, and how much is 
it now? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: 17% provisions for 14 months amounting to Rs.998 crore. So 
Rs.70 crore on an average per month. So, we say Rs.200 crore to Rs.225 crore is a 
normal amount of wage hike expenditure. Further, based on our estimates, we have also 
provided around Rs.253 crore against retirement benefits, because when somebody is 
retiring you have to pay him a leave encashment at a higher rate or a gratuity at a higher 
rate or a pension at a higher rate. That also based on estimates we have provided.  
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Got it. So essentially Rs.75 crore per month or so that you will 
be incrementally providing, based on a 17% hike. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Right. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: But wasn't this higher earlier? Because I recollect an amount of 
about Rs. 270 crore that you mentioned earlier that you were making. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: When you start a discussion with the union association, you 
don't know whether it will end at 15%, 13%, or 17%, right? So, suppose the IBA has 

12 
 
offered 13%, we have made a provision up to 13%. Then IBA in the next meeting or two 
meetings later offered 15%, whatever the RBI offered, we made a provision at 15%. 
Finally, they settled at 17%, and we made provisions at 17%. This is how it happens 
because you do not know how much it will go. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Got it. And within your loan mix can you just share what's the 
MCLR and repo component? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, 61% is our MCLR, 34% is our repo, remaining 4% or 5% 
is fixed rate loan. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Got that. And just one final clarification as well. So, you 
mentioned Rs.7,500 crore of standard asset provisions. So, this will include your portfolio, 
and account-specific provisions, as well as, those for restructured and general provisions? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, yes. All put together. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Got it, Sir. Thank you so much. That's useful. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you, Ms. Mona. We have one last question 
coming from Mr. Sushil. Mr. Sushil, please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Congratulations to the Indian Bank team for the excellent 
performance and a great QIP. Sir, you've taken so many initiatives within the bank where 
technology and product integration are concerned, shared service which you have 
highlighted and you've started cash management as well. Can you throw some light on 
the total digital spend? Have you reached a journey or it's a continuous process? It's 
always a continuous process, but in the first initiative where have we reached, and when 
will we see additional benefits from all the rollouts that you have done? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Choksey Sir, we said that we would be having Rs.70,000 
crore of digital business in the first year, this is what we targeted. Today we have crossed 
Rs.52,000 crores, and last quarter it was around Rs.23-24,000 crores. The way we are 
growing I'm sure that we'll be able to cross Rs.70,000 crore which we decided. So, this is 
a tangible benefit we are getting from digitization. 
 
And our colleague Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director has said that we have 
already started 78 journeys. You will get a few benefits when you do this kind of journey. 
First, the entire due diligence will be taken care of by the system. So, the NPA level or 
delinquency level on such type of loans is generally lower than the loan done manually. 
Secondly, your TAT will increase. The third one is that all your digital numbers or 
information is available in your system. So, you can do cross-selling in the future as well. 
We are also learning every day digitally, our team will also learn every day, and our field 
is also learning every day. So naturally our growth will happen. So, we have started getting 
benefits from whatever investment we have made till now. 

13 
 
Now, every quarter we are rolling out nine or ten journeys, and we'll continue to do it. In 
addition to that, we also got final approval from the Reserve Bank of India around 3-4 
days back for starting our subsidiary. We have started recruiting people. So very soon 
this subsidiary will also be in the working position. We can carry out sale of assets, or 
recovery of NPAs or several other activities through that subsidiary. This will improve 
customer experience, our acquisition cost, and it will bring several other benefits to us. 
Whatever expenditure we incurred we would like to get Benefit from it. 
  
The third one is in digitization, we have done a few things on the cyber side as well which 
has helped in cost cutting, such as document management systems and server 
centralization. Not only are we incurring, but we have started getting benefits from that.  
As far as Total Expenditure is concerned Mr. Mahesh Kumar Bajaj will tell us. 
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director: Yeah. In the last three years, we have 
done close to Rs.1,500 crore, and in another 2-3 years we are again committed to almost 
the same kind of every year close to Rs.500 crore which is almost Rs.300 crore in the 
capital side and almost the same amount in the revenue side. The estimated cost for this 
financial year is Rs.564 crore, of which revenue side is Rs.242 crore and capital side is 
Rs.322 crore.  
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Sir, you've done brilliantly on CASA. Do you estimate that the 
cost of deposit would peak by mid-June or September in the current year? 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Repricing has been done from May 22 onwards. So, I think 
by June, most of the things should have been completed. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Thank you, Sir and congratulations, and best wishes for 2024. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you, Sir. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you Mr. Sushil. With that, we would want to 
end the call. But before that would request if MD Sir has any closing remarks to make. 
 
Shri S.L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, thank you all the analysts and investors for your 
continuous support. The insight which you are giving is helpful for us in deciding our policy 
and coming out with a better result. Thank you once again and please keep supporting 
us.  
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director: Thank you, everyone. 
 
Anand Dama (Host - Emkay Global): Thank you, Indian Bank management for providing 
us the opportunity to host the call, and thanks to all participants. We wish you a very happy 
evening. 
 
