February 21, 2024 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Manager – Listing 
M/s. BSE Ltd. 
M/s. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Dalal Street, Fort 
  “Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001 
Bandra (E) Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 524816 
Scrip Code: NATCOPHARM 
Dear Sir 
Sub:- Transcript of earnings conference call held on  February 15, 2024  
Ref:-  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
 Regulations, 2015 
We are herewith enclosing copy of the transcript of the Company's earnings 
conference call for Q3 FY24 held on February 15, 2024. The transcript will be available 
on the website of the company i.e., www.natcopharma.co.in. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For NATCO Pharma Limited 
Ch. Venkat Ramesh  
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer   
CHEKURI 
VENKAT 
RAMESH
Digitally signed by 
CHEKURI VENKAT 
RAMESH 
Date: 2024.02.21 
16:50:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Natco Pharma Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
  
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV NANNAPANENI – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NATCO PHARMA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH CHEBIYAM – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT - CROP HEALTH SCIENCE – NATCO 
PHARMA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HRISHIKESH PATOLE - B&K SECURITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the NATCO Pharma Q3 FY '24 Post Results 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hrishikesh Patole from B&K Securities Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of B&K Securities, I welcome all to the Q3 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call of NATCO Pharma. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Hrishikesh. Again, welcome, everyone, to NATCO's 
conference call discussing our results for the third quarter of FY '24, which ended December 31, 
2023. Our discussion during this call will include certain forward-looking statements, which are 
predictions, projections or other estimates about future events. While these forward-looking 
statements exemplify our judgment and future expectations, please note that these estimates 
involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially 
from what is expressed or implied. 
 
NATCO Pharma undertakes no obligations to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to 
reflect in future events or circumstances. I'd like to state that except for the participant questions, 
property of NATCO cannot be recorded or rebroadcast without NATCO's expressed written 
permission. We'll begin with the results highlights, and then we'll follow up with an interactive 
Q&A session. So, we hope all of you received financials and the press release that we had done 
earlier, including a presentation. These are also available on our website. 
 
So first of all, we are very excited to state that NATCO has achieved a big milestone in its 
evolution by surpassing INR3,000 crores of revenue and INR1,000 crores of PAT year-to-date, 
and we have 1 more quarter to go. So, I think we are quite pleased with the results. 
 
For the third quarter of FY '24, NATCO recorded consolidated total revenue of INR795.6 crores 
as against INR513.3 crores same period last year, reflecting a growth of 55%. Net profit for the 
period on a consolidated basis was INR212.7 crores as against INR62.3 crores during the same 
period last year, showing roughly about 3.5x growth. The company has shown strong growth 
across businesses compared to last year and is confident of its strategy going forward. 
 
Very briefly on the segmental split for the quarter, for Q3, API clocked INR46.3 crores. 
Formulation domestics, INR99.4 crores. Formulation exports, which includes profit share and 
foreign subs, was INR605.6 crores. Crop health clocked INR14.1 crores. The rest were in 
operating, nonoperating income. Thank you, all. We'll open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Abdulkader from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead.  

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Abdulkader: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. So, my first question is with regards to your guidance for FY 
'24, where earlier you had stated -- or we were expecting profits of close to INR1,000 crores to 
INR1,200 crores. So, sir, I mean, since you already achieved that in the 9 months, are we revising 
it or holding to the guidance? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Sure. As of now, I mean we're looking good. So, my expectation now is that -- again, we have 
to see how things work out. But it looks like we're going to be on the higher end of the 
expectation. We are hoping to go past INR1,200 crores PAT, I mean that's our expectation. And 
our sales as well, I think, will probably be a little less than INR4,000 crores. I think that's our 
expectation where things are. 
Abdulkader: 
Okay. And sir, just to have a better understanding of your Q3 numbers. So on the face of it, it 
more looks like in the export business has driven the quarter. But within that, how have your 
subs at Brazil and Canada performed as well as in the U.S., if you could throw some light there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Certainly. I mean the subs have done well, Abdul. And I think, specifically, all the subs together, 
out of the total sales, I think INR163 crores has come from all the subs and primarily driven by 
Canada and Brazil. And this quarter, we had a onetime tender order that we executed in one of 
the markets. So that was one of the reasons why the sub has done well. And so that also has 
improved the emerging market profits. 
 
Overall, it's a very balanced quarter. I think we got profit from all the major markets. And also 
all -- Glatiramer also did well this quarter. And overall, even though lenalidomide contribution 
was on the lower side, still we had a pretty good quarter. I think we're very pleased how things 
went. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Purvi from Kotak Securities. 
Purvi: 
Yes, sir firstly, congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Sir, I have 2 questions. First is on the 
Kothur facility. If you could just give us an update as to where do we stand with the FDA? And 
secondly -- yes. Secondly, on the tax rate. If -- for the past 3 quarters, we've seen that to be in 
the range of 16% to 17%. How should we expect this for the full year of '24, '25 and '26? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Sure thing. Okay. I'll start with the tax rate. The tax rate, I think, will be around at the same rates. 
Our expectation is that we' will be around 16%, 17%, I think that's my expectation, will continue 
even going forward. Regarding Kothur, we replied to the FDA about the corrective action that 
we have taken post inspection. And we've not received a classification as of now. 
 
So as of now, we're still waiting for a classification. And we believe that we have done all the 
remedial measures based on the observations and we're still awaiting the classification. And yes, 
that's about it. And as I said in the past and I'll just reiterate it again. We have always 
implemented our risk mitigation strategy on our top products. And I think we are there. Yes. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Ashish from JM Mutual Funds. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Ashish: 
Yes, sir, 2 questions. So first on the AgChem business and our long-term vision to also set up 
the business in the international market. And secondly, on the M&A. So earlier, we were wanting 
to add M&As to our portfolio with revenues of somewhere between INR1,000 crores, INR1,200 
crores. So an update on that. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
So I'll start with the AgChem. I think usually December is a slower season. So the sales have 
been on the lower side. Overall, far for the year, Rajesh, can you give us an update on how much 
you've done so far for the last 9 months? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Yes. So just to add to that, Ashish. So year-to-date, we have done roughly around INR110 crores, 
right? So as Rajeev was just mentioning, the sector itself has been facing quite a bit of headwinds 
during this year. Starting from broadly the weather pattern and the El Niño effect has caused 
quite a bit of disruption in some of the key crops, right? 
 
I mean if you look at our key products of CTPR and related to CTPR, now there's been failure 
in the Soybean crop, cotton crop has failed, poor rain. So, the South -- Rabi has also been 
impacted. And so we've seen multiple issues. And Q3 is generally expected to be on the lower 
turn anyhow seasonality wise. I think broadly, that's where we are. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
And I think on the guidance, I think we thought we are in the range of INR150 crores to INR200 
crores. Looks like we're going to be on the lower side, not on the higher side because of the 
slightly lower offtake in the agro division this year. But overall, I think we're fairly excited about 
how things are. And our foray into international markets, we have started registration of our key 
products in the major markets in U.S., Australia and Middle East. So, I think things are moving 
well -- and Brazil as well. 
 
So I think the impact of that we'll probably see in a couple of years. And regarding the 
acquisitions, I mean, we're looking at a big one. I mean that's what I think, instead of doing a 
smaller one, I think we're looking for a big, large one. We are scouting and we're looking around. 
And as I stated, we're looking in the Emerging Markets. So we're looking hard. And  I don't have 
an answer whether we have a deal on hand right now. But we're working hard. 
 
But the company has become stronger now, I think As on December 31, our cash position and 
investments are at INR1,929 crores and our borrowing is about INR129 crores, including foreign 
bill discounting. So I mean net cash we're at INR1,800. So we've gone up a little more from last 
quarter. And so I think we're in good shape. that way, I mean, to execute a transaction. To answer 
your question, do we have a transaction we're going to close? we're looking hard, I think that's 
all I can share at this time. But hopefully, we'll be able to consummate something in the next 12 
months,that's our expectation. Yes. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Anuj Momaya from Ideal Investments. 
Anuj Momaya: 
Congratulation on good set of number, Rajeev. So my first question is on the U.S. market, ex of 
Revlimid, how are you doing in those products? Or can you give some light? 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We're doing well, ex of Revlimid. I mean, Copaxone is one of our biggest products. So, we have 
very good market share on it, we are the number one generic on that. And the other products 
Everolimus does well. Lanthanum does well, Lapatinib does well. I mean all the portfolio is 
doing reasonably well. I think, overall, we are happy with our business and all our key products, 
we supply from both the sites, both from our Vizag and our Hyderabad sites. So, it's fairly stable. 
 
And things are well. In terms of U.S. business, I mean, going forward as well, Our strategy 
continues to be to get those key critical complex products. We have delivered good complex 
filings, You are familiar with our semaglutide filing and some of them we have sole FTF on 
some strengths and some of the products and idea is that we'll deliver Olaparib, and we've spoken 
about that. These are some of the big filings we have in the near future and going forward, we 
have a stated goal. I think this next 12 months, we'll deliver at least 2 or 3 products, which are 
as interesting as the ones I just mentioned. So, I think we're working on them. Hopefully, in the 
next 12 months, we're able to announce something positive by achieving a filing. The strategy 
is still -- again, I've said this for many times, I'll reiterate again. The way U.S. is going to work 
is we got to do the complex generics. I think that's where the real money is or the FTFs. 
Otherwise, the regular products, it's harder to make money.  
Anuj Momaya: 
Yes. And my second question is on this domestic formulation. So, we have been flattish around 
INR100 crores of quarterly run rate. So, is the oncology piece of business flat or the non-
oncology? Can you throw some light how are we doing on the domestic front because that has 
been lagging for quite some time now? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Good question. I mean, yes, we are lagging. I think there's no running away from that. I think 
we have a reasonable pipeline. We have some couple of very interesting products that we're 
working on. We believe that will drive the growth. But then the launches are not in the near 
term. I think I mean that's a challenge. Overall, the business has been stable. I think oncology 
volume-wise is growing. I think we're doing all right. Again, as I said, I think one big challenge 
we have in this business is what do we acquire to increase our portfolio because we're only strong 
in the mid-segments, we are not strong in the more volume, large, coverage, general GP segment. 
 
I mean we looked at different acquisitions and I think I always found them to be very expensive 
and the return on capital expectations that I have is honestly it's not meeting. And whatever deals 
that I've seen are slightly better than the lending rates of a bank. So that's why I'm unable to close 
a transaction, I'll be very honest with you and that's why we are stuck. But I think we have a 
reasonable pipeline. I think my expectation is that, that business will grow. Our expectation is 
that it will grow around 8% to 10%. But the strength that we're seeing in our export business, 
we're not seeing it in the domestic business, I think clearly, yes. 
Anuj Momaya: 
But the growth is coming from Oncology, or the non-Oncology means of business? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Oncology is driving the growth. I mean, most of the portfolio is still -- I think 60%, 65% of the 
portfolio is still oncology here. Yes. Okay. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Saumil Shah: 
Sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, in the previous call, you mentioned that most 
of our Revlimid quota was done for this year. And next quarter, there won't be much quantity 
left. But still the performance for this quarter in terms of sales was very good. So, does that mean 
that our other products did really well in this quarter? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think the other products did better. We got some tail on the Lenalidomide. But, a significant 
part of the profit came from non-Lenalidomide for this quarter. I think that's our position, that's 
correct. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Yes, as mentioned earlier, the Emerging Markets have done fairly well here. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
And also, we had few hits in onetime tender and all. They're all non-U.S. Revlimid driven 
business. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And that performance can continue further for the next quarters, non-Revlimid? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
These are onetime, so I think they're done. So again, next year is a new year again, you bid for 
new business, and you see how things go. But overall, I mean the Emerging Market piece - the 
other products have done fairly stable. And we obviously have Lenalidomide, starting from 
March will get a new allocation. So, I think we're expecting that things will be better starting 
from March. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And sir, if my understanding is correct, that from March '24 to Feb '25, that would be a 
third year for Revlimid, correct? And the contribution to overall sales from this product will 
increase compared to the previous year? So can you please guide on the EBITDA margins. Will 
it be similar to the previous year? Or if the sales increases, will the margin will also increase? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Good question. I don't have an answer. So, we'll just see how the market spawns. We'll have 
more color, when once some quantity goes into the market. We're optimistic that we'll do well. 
Again, the extended erosion all is very hard to judge. And I think we have to speak to our 
partners, Teva, and get more clarity. But once we get more clarity, hopefully, in May, when we 
have our March quarter numbers and the annual for the financial March '24, I think we might be 
at a better place to answer that question. At this time, it's too premature. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay.sir, any guidance for the next financial year for revenue or profit? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Not today. I'll guide you for March '24. '25, I'll -- I think maybe in the next call, I'll have more 
clarity, yes. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Rajeev, on the U.S. market, which -- I mean, are there any -- over '25, '26, do you see any of 
those P4 launches coming through for you? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I can't speak about dates, Nitin, because they're all bound by confidentiality. I think I'll give you 
a general picture of what Para IV you can expect in the next few years. I mean, Bosentan 32mg, 
Carfilzomib 10 mg, we have sole FTFs. So those are probably coming in the next few years. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
And then we have Olaparib, and then we have Semaglutide. So, I think those are the big Para 
IVs. And then we have trabectedin as well and pomalidomide. So, these are all there in our 
investor presentation. But these are the ones that will play out in the next few years. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And in terms of the new filing that you talked about potentially that can come through 
over the next 12 months. I mean these would be what, a potential impact from a monetization 
perspective, this would be FY -- post FY '30 event? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Depends on the patent litigation. So, it's very hard to judge, it'd be tough. I think what we are 
trying to tell our investors in a lot of our interactions is that we continue to pursue the complex 
pipeline. And our idea is that you need to focus on these complex products. And you got to do 
peptide products, oligopeptides, difficult delivery systems, harder to do generics, and that's 
where the real value is. 
 
I think we have a stated goal, internally in the R&D that we have to deliver. We start seeing, 
about 3 or 4, and if we succeed even at 1 or 2, then it adds a really disruptive launch in the next 
few years. So, I think the idea is that we have, let's say, 3 or 4 good complex generics coming 
up in the next 5, 6 years and then maybe we make it like 6 or 7, then there will be more 
consistency in our delivery rather than the lumpiness that you're seeing in our earnings.  
 
So, I think we should be able to generate and we don't need many of these very good products. 
I mean, if we deliver 6, you’re set for the whole decade. that's the idea. I think we're trying to 
bring more pipeline with the R&D spend that we have so that we can bring more consistency in 
our complex pipeline. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And secondly, on the RoW subsidiaries, which are there. What kind of outlook do you 
have on this sort of piece over the next couple of years? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think Brazil and Canada are our best subs in the RoW. I think both are doing extremely well. 
So, we're very happy how things are progressing. And each of the subs are filing 7 to 8 products, 
I think it's a stated goal that we have. So, they continue to be strong. And we are looking at more 
markets.   We're starting a subsidiary in Colombia and Indonesia. We're looking for a good 
acquisition in the RoW business. So, our sense is that we have to grow this business. 
 
And whatever pipeline that we're building for, Canada and Brazil, extend it to as many countries 
as possible. And I think that's where the value of the business is. and that’s how it's going to be. 
I think you've got to have a reasonable pipeline. The only thing going to make money in this 
business, one, you have complex generics, difficult-to-do products. Two, we have global reach. 
And you have a steady, branded generic business. I think these are the 3 ways you can make 
money. And I think out of these 3, you need to get at least 1 -- at least 2 things right and I think 
that's what will get you home. Okay. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Viraj from MoneyGrow India. 
Viraj: 
It seems like we've had a great quarter, and the worst is behind for NATCO. I've been tracking 
this business for a long time. Just a question on Imbruvica and Pomalyst. Can you speak a little 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
bit about those 2 please? Because I think those are some of the bigger market opportunities out 
there for you? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Certainly. I mean, Pomalyst, we have launched in a couple of markets. I think we launched it so 
far among some geographies obviously, we have a reasonably nice generic in India. I think we're 
the #1 generic of Pomalidomide in India. We have launched it in Canada and Australia so far. 
So those are 2 markets that have opened up. So that is doing well. Now U.S., we   already have 
a launch date.  But it's a shared FTF. So. I don't know how big this product is going to be in the 
U.S.  for Pomalidomide. 
Viraj: 
When you say shared, is it on one power player or multiple players? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think there are multiple players.  I don't remember the exact number, but I think it's a shared 
FTF. It feels like 4 or 5, but I don't want to say something -- where I'm not certain-- just get the 
feeling it's many. But how many, I don't recollect exactly. Other than Pomalyst, Imbruvica We 
have lost the appeal. So, we're just looking at what we can do and we're just making our 
evaluations on how we can deal with the legal situation. So, at this time I can't comment, but 
we'll come back with what we probably need to do, yes. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Bharat from Equirus. 
Bharat: 
So sir, are we quantifying the onetime tender opportunity which we have got for this quarter? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No, I generally don’t do a split for competitive reasons. But we just give a general view but we 
don't discuss the quantification or speak EBITDA wise split.  
Bharat: 
Sure. And sir, any outlook on the U.S. market, how it is happening. Because from the prior 
commentary, we were understanding that there has been volume growth, pricing has started 
getting better. So how are you looking at this market at this moment? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean business has been stable, I'll be honest. I think business has been fairly stable. all the 
products that we have had, stable revenue and stable pricing. There's no doubt in that. But having 
said that, again, I'll reiterate what I've said a few minutes ago, is that the real money in the U.S. 
is not coming from selling large volume or vast volume. I think you get real value when you do 
complex generics. And that's where the real money in the business is. And I think that's my 
sense, yes. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Rohit from iThought PMS. 
Rohit: 
Yes. Congrats on good numbers. My question was on the NCE that we were -- that we had NRC-
2694. If you could just talk a bit about that, I think we were under Phase II trials. So, if you can 
share anything and also overall -- the overall strategy around NCE for us as a company, if you 
can share over the next 4, 5 years if there is anything that can happen there? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think NRC-2694, we got permission to do Phase II in the U.S. So, we have a couple of sites in 
the U.S., and then we're doing some work. In India also we got DCGI clearance to do a Phase 
II, and it is for a niche indication. I think it's premature at this time to talk about it. But I think 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
once it's made good progress then we can speak about it. But at this time, I would like to say that 
it's in an early stage. - But we're doing Phase II. And in addition to this, I think we have another 
2 products that we are looking to do Investigational New Drug (IND). But at this time, it's 
premature. I think maybe in the next quarter, I'll give you more updates, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Hussain from Ambit Asset Management. 
Hussain: 
So I had 2 questions. The first one was with regards to our $2 million investment in Cellogen 
around CAR-T therapy program. And if I recall in the last con-call also, you alluded to some 
investments in this area, which would make sense for NATCO. So, would it be fair to say that 
these types of investments would be the way ahead for us in Indian market compared to, say, 
typical outright brand purchase? And could you talk more about this? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Sure. Okay, fine. Outright brand purchase which is another big, and I mean, I know I'm contrary 
to everyone what state believes and our guys love. But I think the return on capital is very low. 
And I think the growth of these brands are not so large that justify the valuations. But having 
said that, what we're doing with Cellogen is essentially, they have a very promising molecule in 
CAR T-cell therapy. 
 
And you probably know, I mean, this is the new technology that has come in treatment of cancer, 
and it's a very exciting technology. And I think we realized that we don't have the know-how in 
our system to do these projects, but I also believe that this is going to revolutionize cancer 
therapy. 
 
So, we felt that it's good to be at least part of a startup, which is working on this. And we have 
started with a $2 million commitment, but I know, if things go well, I think we can always bump 
up our investment in these sort of assets. And certainly, I think gene therapy and CAR T-cell are 
going to be big things in pharma. And a lot of the innovation is happening in this space. 
 
And I think you need to be in this space clearly. And if we don't have the know-how internally, 
then you probably need to capture it through an investment and then maybe you get a feel of 
how things are going and then maybe if you're comfortable with how things are, then maybe you 
can do a larger investment and take it forward, yes. Okay. 
Hussain: 
Understood. And sir, my last question is with regards to Semaglutide, and pardon my lack of 
understanding here. But just wanted to get a sense of like what could be the timeline with regards 
to the development and then the filing? And then will it be like -- like just an assumption, if you 
could just help us understand it. Is it a 3-year or a 5-year timeframe that we are looking at? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
The litigation is ongoing. I mean, I think the compound patent is in like early or after 2030, I 
think, I don't remember exactly again. I don't want to say something that I'm just working with 
top of my head, I don't have any actual patent expiry numbers with me. But I think Mylan is 
handling the litigation, they have challenged different patents. It depends on the outcome of the 
patent litigation and also, it's a complex generic. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
So, I think the review time will be longer than your normal product.  They're answering all the 
queries. So-- at this time, I can't answer any timelines and any guidance on launch date or on the 
litigation. But we’re just sharing what's in our pipeline, and we have an exciting product. And 
in some strengths, we have FTF. So, I think it's a good opportunity if we're able to put it off as 
and when it happens. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Omkar Kamatekar from Bonanza Portfolio. Please go 
ahead. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Yes, so my first question is with respect to capex. Approximately, what is the amount of capex 
that we have incurred in the current year? And what will be the steady-state capex which we are 
going to incur in the next couple of years? Because you've added approximately 50% capex in 
the last 4 years, from INR2,100 crores in FY '19 to now, as of FY '23, 57% capex has been -- of 
gross block has increased. Is most of the capex done? Or we still -- there will be another round 
of capex? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
It is always maintenance capex, just you have to replace things and you're always buying some 
new instruments and upgrading your plants. So far this year, we've spent for 9 months INR282 
crores in capex. So, I think that's fair.  It's not been large like in the earlier years because earlier 
years, we did a lot of capex. We built a lot of new facilities. We built a fresh facility in Vizag. 
We built the agrochemical facility, and we did significant expansion in our existing facilities. 
Right now, I think we're okay. I think we are comfortable. I don't see any large capex, that’s why 
you see the cash is increasing in the books because we're not spending so much in capex here. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Got it,. So, my question was with respect to so the point was because of this increased capex our 
fixed asset turnover, gross block to turnover had gone down and we'll be close to 1 by the end 
of this year, FY '24, close to INR4,000 crores of turnover. So we'll be slightly above 1. 
Historically, before the round of capex, we were above 1.3, 1.4. So would those be the levels 
that we'll be reaching? So, what will be the maturity time for these capacities to reach optimal 
level, so we might see 1.4, 1.5x the gross block turnovers? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
 I think we are running optimally, because a lot of our investments to do with products that we're 
trying to launch 7, 8 years ahead of time. I mean if we look at our business, we're working on 
stuff, which is like going to happen in the next 7, 8 years. I mean, for example, we're working 
on Oligopeptides. I'll give you an example. We did a significant capex for the Oligopeptide 
block. 
And hopefully, we'll get a filing through in the next 12 months. So, what will be a pay off on an 
Oligopeptide, maybe 5 to 8 years away. So, it's a treadmill, I mean you can't think of it like that 
I've done something, and I quickly return tomorrow. Pharmaceuticals is like everything that you 
do, you got to wait 7, 8, 9 years for things to happen. So, it's a cycle. 
What you make, you make today and then you invest and then you go for the next cycle. So, I 
think that's how it is, I don't know if I've answered to your satisfaction, but I think that's how 
you want to think about it, yes. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Yes, yes understood. No, I got the gist of it. And finally, with respect to the free cash flow, what 
was the free cash flow generation for the period -- for the 9 months or 6 months or whatever, if 
you could share, free cash flow? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Free cash flow, I think we already said no? Our PAT is about INR1,000. So, you want an 
EBITDA or how do you want the number if I can ask? 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Free cash flow. So that would be operating cash flows minus the CapEx for the year, so if it is 
available or... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, I don't have everything on hand, what I have I'll tell you; I mean 200 I already told you 
about the capex first. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
So, we're about from an EBITDA perspective, YTD is about INR1,340 crores and capex is 
INR282 crores. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
So maybe I'll back calculate, or I could take it off-line... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Yes, yes, I mean the numbers are broadly, I mean you can work it out. INR282 crores is the 
capex. And then what was the EBITDA, Rajesh? 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
INR1,340 crores. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
INR1,340 crores, then you do the calculation. And then dividend, I think we paid this year, I 
think, almost INR9.5. I don't recollect. Yes, around there. So broadly those are the numbers 
about 15% dividend we have paid, yes. Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam from Ladderup Finance Limited. 
Shyam: 
My first question is with respect to the revenue from the U.S. So, the revenue is in line with what 
we are doing in previous quarters and year-on-year or it has grown or declined? And the revenue 
from Revlimid, the tailwind that we have received from it? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Could you rephrase that question? I didn't understand what your question is. Can you rephrase 
that and say it again, please. I didn't understand what you're saying. 
Shyam: 
Sure, sir. Sir, I just wanted to know that how was our revenue in terms of U.S. -- in terms of the 
U.S. So it was in line with previous quarters and -- or it has declined or grown? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think if your question is on a year-on-year basis, we have done better than what we did last 
year in the U.S. And it is driven by, obviously, Revlimid and other products that we have. If the 
question is are we better than last year. Yes, absolutely. If you compare our 9 months for last 
year and 9 months this year, I think we've definitely done much better than what we did. I think 
our last year profitability for the whole year was INR715 crores. This year, we have done 
INR1,000 crores profit for 9 months. So, we're definitely doing much better. Does that answer 
your question? 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Some things happen because of how the sale is done for different products. So, it's very difficult 
to if you say compare it with last quarter, this quarter, then it becomes very difficult to compare. 
I guess you got to take a more multiple quarter view on a year-on-year basis, then you can see a 
better trend. I think the trend on a Q-on-Q basis is difficult for our type of company. 
Shyam: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, any development in our FTFs coming forward? Any specific molecule? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Our stated goal is we want to have about 3 or 4 smart FTFs. We want to take it to 6 or 7 in the 
next 2 years. I'm hoping again it's all subject to how our execution and how everything works 
that we're able to pull off another 3 or 4 very smart FTFs, which can give you more consistency 
in our earnings, yes. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Sayan Mukherjeee from Nomura. 
Sayan Mukherjee: 
Just a small clarification here. I mean, for Semaglutide, is it a partnered product or you have 
your own filing and you will sort of have the 100% of the economics here? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No, we won't have the 100% economics. It is partnered and it is with Mylan. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Purvi from Kotak Securities. 
Purvi: 
Sir, question is in regards to the Red Sea crisis. Sir, we've been hearing that the freight costs 
have escalated a lot. So are we experiencing any issues? Or can this be a worry over the next 1 
or 2 quarters? That's one. And the other one was on the raw material front that if you could just 
give us a number as to how much is our dependence on China for the raw material? And as we 
know that there's a depletion situation that's going on there, so how do we see this also having 
an impact on the raw material prices over the next 2 or 3 quarters? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think, overall, the freight rates have gone up, Purvi. I think from what I understood in our 
conversation with my supply chain head, there's been 50% to 60% increase in the freight rates 
and even the airline freights have also gone up dramatically. So, there's a lot of disruption that's 
happening in the supply chain. Having said that, I think we don't see any supply challenges. 
Things have been fairly stable. I think -- at least our key products, I think we're able to manage 
reasonably well. 
 
But to answer your question, yes, there has been a significant disruption in the supply chain 
because of the Red Sea issue. And regarding China and all, we see a lot of stability in the raw 
material pricing as of now from China. I think from what I understand, I think things have been 
fairly stable. Now we have to see what will happen because of what's happening. But as of now, 
I think things have been fairly stable, yes. 
Purvi: 
Sir, just an ancillary to this as to how much is the inventory for the raw material that we usually 
carry? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Right now, my closing inventory for consol is INR675 crores is the total inventory of the 
company as of today, as of March 31, 2023. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Purvi: 
Sir, just wanted to allude to Red Sea crisis situation. Have -- what is the kind of impact that you 
can see on the margins that can come in? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
What do you see in the margins? There is some increase in raw material prices, and there's some 
delays in delivery and there is overall general freight cost increase. So, your logistics cost, other 
expenses have gone up dramatically. But our portfolio relatively is less affected because our 
portfolio is a very high-value portfolio. And lot of the stuff we send by air and it's all small 
volumes. 
 
So, the impact it will probably see on balance sheet will be not as significant maybe compared 
to a company whose portfolio is more high volume and low value. I think the impact will be 
much more. But having said that, I mean, in fact there is impact, of course, we can't run away 
from it. But relatively, the impact is less on a firm like ours, yes. Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Rajeev, on Agrochem now, how are you thinking about contribution of this piece over the next 
2, 3 years to the overall business? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I have some very exciting launches, a lot of first-time generics lined up in the next 12 months, 
subject to how litigation is going to be. I think it's a very good business. I believe that it's right 
now this year, we may end around INR150 crores to INR160 crores, depending on how things 
go. A little lower than we thought, but I think we still did very well for someone who is 
completely new in that business. This business has a potential to go to INR300 crores to INR400 
crores brand, and a lot of the brand loyalty is from farmers once you deliver a very high-quality 
product. We're doing a lot of ad campaigns and I don't know if we've seen some of our regional 
channels. I mean we run ads regularly, especially in Telugu and Marathi, I think, which are big 
Agrarian states, Maharashtra and the Telugu state of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana we have 
done strong agrarian campaigns in the regional channels. So, to bring consumer to buy our 
products. So, I think we're doing well. I think it's a very exciting business. 
And I think right now, we are not making so much money in that business. I think once we have 
a lot of high-cost inventory that we are just selling off. Once the raw material prices stabilize 
and we're able to establish our brand, I think it's going to be as interesting as like a branded 
generic piece in India. that's my vision and my view of the business, yes. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And how important a role you think exports will start playing in this business as you go forward? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
 Exports also would be exciting. But exports won't kick in for the next 2, 3 years. And I think 
some markets are opening up in the next 12 months, but I think the major markets will open in 
the next 2, 3 years. Overall, it will be a counter bet.  our expectation is that. But our core strategy 
will be driven by the India branded business. 
 
Exports may contribute about 30%, but the India brand business is where I think we see a value. 
We see this business can scale up to INR400 crores to INR500 crores if we include export, too. 
But it will probably play out in the next 3 to 4 years subject to launch, our ability to launch these 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
products and able to be there in the first phase of market formation. I mean these are the 2 most 
important things in this business, or any business for that matter, right? Just like generics and 
pharma, you need to be the first wave, otherwise, you don't make money. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Right. And secondly, on your -- you made up -- taken a partial stake in the Singapore-based 
entity. So when you are doing these partial stake sort of buyouts in some of these companies, 
what are your thought process behind these? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean it's like a strategic investment. I think one of the gentlemen asked me about the CAR T-
cell therapy. CAR T-cell is something that it's as a skill set, I don't have internally, so there we 
invest so that we can get a see through on how that business goes and then invest with the 
promoter and see to hopefully bring a successful product in the market. 
So generally, these are all strategic so that we learn more about that business where we are not 
present. That one, we invested a little while ago. It's actually a very small investment because 
we had a clause which protected the dilution, antidilution clause on the valuation. That's the 
reason why the stake has gone up. But otherwise, it's actually a 2%, 3% investment but actually 
went up to 7% because of the dilution protection. 
But usually, the value that comes from these assets are typically, if they give you a 
manufacturing advantage or if they give you a technology platform that you're not present in, so 
I think that gives you a portfolio that you don't have internally. That's how you want to think 
about these assets. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And last one, what's been your overall assessment, if you can, on how the competitive dynamics 
or the pricing dynamics or in general, the market dynamics in Lenalidomide has really played 
out over the last 2 years since it's been around? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
 I think we've done well, and there’s been significant erosion. But also, we have done well.  we're 
happy where we are. We have to see how the future holds. I think that's how I want to look at it. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And if you can please squeeze in that. Is there any other geography where this could be an 
opportunity, lenalidomide is an opportunity for us, barring U.S., where we are doing right now? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean we do well in Canada.   We launched this in Australia, too. And I think we are looking 
at 1 or 2 other RoW markets. But these are the key markets that we are present at this time. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Saumil Shah from Paras Investments. 
Saumil Shah: 
Sir, even after giving such a good performance for last 2 years, but still, street is not giving us 
the desired valuation to our company. So, it seems it's mainly because of dependency on 1 
particular product, Revlimid. So, I mean, can you please give your thoughts that post then '26, 
once this product is open for all, how shall we look at Revlimid numbers? 
Sir any -- I mean just your thoughts since you are in the business since long. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Okay. I mean you asked me a very difficult question, so I'm trying to be as diplomatic as I can, 
see my sense of the business, I can answer like this, every company goes through a cycle where 
you make money on one product, and it falls away. And I think the way you need to judge a 
company is what pipeline do you have and what's going to be the next big product. See for 
example, if you look at our history, right? I mean, we made money on Tamiflu.  It held up 
earnings for many years, almost 3, 4 years. 
 
Now it’s fallen away. The way this generic business works is there's always that 1 or 2 products, 
which always will contribute a good amount of profit, and it will fall away. And because you're 
in the first wave, you'll make money and then falls away, then you have to keep replacing it with 
a newer product, which gives you the same amount of margin. 
And I will challenge you that if you look at any of the leading pharma companies today, there 
will always be that 1 or 2 products which will always give you that extra earnings compared to 
the core portfolio. It's true for us. It's true for everyone, and that's how we want to look at it. And 
to answer your question directly, I mean, you just have to judge it on the pipeline. 
I mean honestly, that's all., All I can do is tell you like this is what we are filing, and we believe 
that these will come. And whenever they come, there will be a reasonable upside, I think that's 
how we must look at it. And just have to judge the company by saying, what else are you 
probably going to file, in this year, will you deliver another 1 or 2 interesting filings so that you 
bring about more consistency. 
But that's the nature of the generic business.  You have to assume that when you enter something 
where you're the only generic, you will make slightly higher profit. But eventually, it all falls 
away. So, I think that's true of every molecule. 
Saumil Shah: 
Got it. And any big launch, I mean, similar to this particular product? I mean are you expecting 
in 1 or 2 years similar to Revlimid? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
1 or 2 will be difficult to judge. But I think our investment position is very clear. I think we have 
a interesting pipeline. I mean we have Semaglutide. We have Olaparib. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Yes. Just want to add on that, Saumil, it is very important to look at the investor presentation 
where we highlight the sole first to file, these are the list where the value that can come back to 
us, would be much significant 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
 I think we have spoken about midsized opportunities like Kyprolis, and then Tracleer. So, I 
think you just have to build this pipeline and then you have to do a geographical spread so that 
you bring in more extension to your product portfolio in multiple markets. And that's how you 
make money in this business. And hopefully, you're there in the first wave so that you make 
more money. That's how I'd look at it. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Viraj from MoneyGrow India. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Viraj: 
Rajeev, given the cash flows on your books and the high cash flow generation in your business, 
despite the targeted acquisition, do you think you could see some corporate actions such as a 
buyback down the line? Because I think The Street, having followed your company and business 
model for a long time, I think The Street is massively undervaluing you probably as the cheapest 
mid-cap stock for the metrics that you deliver on your business model. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
As of now, we're looking at it., I have not made up my mind. I think I'm preserving all the money, 
and hopefully, we're able to deploy it for an acquisition. I think we're giving a reasonable amount 
of dividend. We've done a buyback in the past.  and I think recently only we had done a buyback. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Yes. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
So as of now we're looking at all options. I think we have to see how things go. We'll see how 
the year goes, and we have more cash, and we don't have any smart ideas on how to deploy it, 
then certainly, I think we can consider. I think all options are open. We are considering every 
option at this time. 
Viraj: 
Fantastic. The second question is, there was a spike in earnings in the September quarter. Was 
there an anomaly then? Sorry, I'm just catching up. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
No. I think the earlier quarters were led by Revlimid, I think we had a reasonable contribution 
from the Revlimid, yes, I think that's the reason why. 
Viraj: 
Okay. And that Revlimid has seen pricing pressure since then Q2 versus Q3? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think we have seen lesser contribution from this quarter. And I think we're hoping that it will 
be higher contribution in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Omkar Kamatekar from Bonanza Portfolio. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Two clarifications. What is the percentage of R&D, the R&D spends that we tend to do on an 
average basis, what is for this current year? And what are we plotting it for the -- for years ahead? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean it depends on the portfolio. And I think we strive to spend about, minimum about 6% to 
8%. But sometimes, some years, it goes to 8% to 10%, depends on the year. But exact number 
for this year, I don't have it on hand. So, I can't answer that question, but I'll give you clarity I 
think in the next quarter at this point. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
No issues. And with respect to what is -- the contribution of Revlimid in the total revenue, is 
that available? What was the percentage that can it go? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
We're not doing that measure. We're not answering that. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Okay, no issues. And then I have 2 questions. Firstly, whenever you -- so whatever acquisition 
that you are targeting, what is the metric? And what is your thought process behind this 
acquisition? And what are the key points that you're looking at? And secondly, what are the 
major risks that you foresee with respect to any markets that -- be it domestic or international 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
that could have a material impact on the operations or the outlook of the business? That's the 2 
questions. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I mean in terms of metric, in terms of return on capital, I have very high expectations. I think we 
usually look for higher teens or 20% is my expectation. I don't like doing 10%, 12% transactions. 
I'm not a big fan of those because my hurdle has been so high, it's been difficult to do 
transactions. But I think we are sharp and we're patient. 
 
In risk and all, I mean, you can always have currency risk, obviously. And there's always in our 
business, inspection is a big risk. So, I think these are the major factors that play a role. And 
pricing risk is always there. I think it's something you want to look at it. I mean these are probably 
the 2, 3 factors that play a big role. 
Omkar Kamatekar: 
Sure, understood, understood. With respect to the acquisition, what you said was with return on 
capital or the overall return on investment that you're speaking about? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Return on Capital, I think that's what we target. But again, you can target a lot of things, but 
what we will end up is something else. But that's what we would want to target. 
Omkar Kamatekar 
So the targeted company should have at least 20% or more return on capital employed and that 
should translate into our business... 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
Honestly, our investment should be such that will allow us to make that sort of return. I think 
that's how we like to think of products. I mean you have to weigh it based on the situation. My 
last question, so whoever the caller is, yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Yes. The next question is from the line of Shyam from Ladderup Finance Limited. 
Shyam: 
Sir, just a couple of follow-up questions. In terms of agrochemical, what we are producing is 
similar to what PI Industries and Chambal Fertilisers are offering in the market? Or what we are 
doing is something different from the domestic prevalence? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
My model is not same like PI, I mean I can tell you that upfront. Our portfolio is generally a 
patent challenge portfolio, meaning we try to be the first generic of that particular molecule in 
India. So, a lot of the portfolio we have launched is, in fact, usually the first generic or the first 
wave of generic. And our model is not to work with innovators. We always challenge patents; 
we have very aggressive challenges patents. So, it's slightly a different model. So, it’s not like 
theirs. 
Shyam: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, my second question with respect to Revlimid. Since we have increased 
quota in this year. So, is this spreading the quota over the quarters, or we will see the similar 
allocation of quota that we’ve seen last year, last calendar year? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think it will be spread out, and again I’ll give you more color to it in May, –when the March 
numbers are there. So, we'll have more clarity on how they're thinking about it. Because we are 
not selling this product, Teva is selling our product. I think we'll have some conversations. And 
I think, hopefully, we'll get some guidance on where we're going with our product, okay. 

 
 
Natco Pharma Limited 
 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Shyam: 
Sir, how this quarter is going on for this product? 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
I think March is, we're launching our quota. So, we are expecting that we should do well, yes. 
Yes, again, thank you so much, everyone. I appreciate the time that you spent in interacting with 
us. And I thank you, and good day, yes. 
Rajesh Chebiyam: 
Thank you all. 
Rajeev Nannapaneni: 
The questions and the details will be uploaded once they are available. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language 
that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
