 
                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2023-24 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
To
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2023 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on February 
05, 2024. 
 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://suvenpharm.com/financial-info/ 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
K. Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
HANUMAN
THA RAO 
KOKKONDA
Digitally signed 
by 
HANUMANTHA 
RAO KOKKONDA 
Date: 2024.02.09 
13:36:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q3 & 9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 05, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 & 9MFY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
A detailed statement in this regard is available in the results presentation that was 
sent to you earlier. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho, Head – Investor 
Relations from Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you. Over to you, ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Good evening everyone, and a warm welcome to you all on Suven Pharma's Q3 & 
9MFY24 Earnings Call. 
Let me introduce you to our management team present here with us today, we have 
our Executive Chairman – Mr. Annaswamy Vaidheesh; our Managing Director – Dr. 
Prasada Raju; our CEO – Dr. Sudhir Singh; our new CFO – Mr. Himanshu Agarwal. 
Our Management Team will delve into industry dynamics, strategy and operational 
highlights for Q3 & 9MFY24. Following that, our CFO – Mr. Himanshu will provide in-
depth insights into our financial performance. Later, we'll open the call for Q&A. 
Let us proceed with the opening remarks from our Executive Chairman – Mr. 
Vaidheesh. 
A. Vaidheesh: 
Thank you, Cyndrella. Good evening, everyone. We extend a warm welcome to all 
of you on our Q3 & 9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
To start with at a macro level, our Q3 results were in line as expected. As indicated 
in the previous quarter, near-term macro challenges persist due to industry-wide 
inventory destocking in specialty chemicals and impact on growth due to COVID 
supplies in the base for pharma CDMO. This is likely to keep our next few quarters 
performance soft. However, we remain very confident of our mid-term. We have 
focused on fostering customer relationships, optimizing operations and strategically 
positioning ourselves for long-term growth. We continue to have engaging 
conversation with our existing and potential customers on the early and late 
commercial projects. The current RFQs pipeline sustains a higher pace and we are 

 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
witnessing traction in the RFQs conversions. We are striving toward business 
opportunities in the medium-term. 
As you are aware that we have also announced our ESOP scheme, reinforcing our 
commitment to employee benefits and talent retention, the resolution is ongoing. 
ESOPs are intended to not only foster sense of ownership and motivation, but also 
aligns directly with our growth objectives, creating dynamic environment. By linking 
employee interest with Suven's pharma growth, we aim to deliver value to both our 
employees and shareholders. On a mid-term, we continue to be optimistic and all 
our energies are driven behind what we think is a good growth opportunity in the 
mid-term and long-term. 
So, with that, I'll hand it over to our CEO, Dr. Sudhir Singh. 
Dr. Sudhir Singh: 
Thank you, Vaidheesh. Welcome everyone on this Earning Call. 
As Vaidheesh mentioned in his speech, RFQ pipeline and conversion are 
progressing well as we strive towards medium-term business opportunities. Our 
focus lies on prioritizing strategic customer relationship, operational optimization and 
fostering long-term growth. The ongoing progress of our R&D lab and Suryapet 
expansion, operational capacity expansion is consistent with our effort towards 7%-
plus growth trajectory. Our business development team position us for continued 
success in strategic growth opportunities as several discussions on early and late 
distress project engagements are ongoing. Despite near-term softness, our 
confidence remains strong in achieving medium-term growth. 
Now, I would request our Managing Director, Dr. Prasada Raju to open his remarks. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Thank you Sudhir, and our Chairman – Annaswamy Vaidheesh. A very good evening 
to all of you and warm welcome to your company's earnings call. 
Our priorities for the coming year include the persistent engagement with customers, 
building our respective teams, ongoing investment in infrastructure for EHS and ESG 
as a part of our strengthening our business fundamentals, consistent cost 
improvement and strategic investments in technology and capability building is an 
important priority. Apart from this, we are also focusing on extensive M&A pipeline. 
Near-term macro challenges persist due to industrywide inventory destocking in 
specialty chemicals and impact of COVID supplies in the base. This is likely to keep 
our next few quarters performance soft. However, we remain confident about our 
medium-term. 
We are pleased to welcome Mr. Himanshu Agarwal as our new CFO, bringing with 
him an impressive career spanning over 28-years. He has previously held key roles 
at Bennett & Coleman, Huhtamaki, Akzo Nobel India, AstraZeneca and ICI India. 
I will now invite our CFO, Himanshu, to share the financial insights. Thank you. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada, and thanks to the management team for welcoming me in 
the Suven's family. 
At the outset, I would like to express my gratitude to Mr. Sunder and Mr. Subba Rao 
for their significant contributions to Suven’s success. 
Moving to the results, I think as expected and as informed earlier, we are at Suven 
adjusting to a global destocking in the spec chem business, as well as to the COVID 

 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
molecule base effect. I think it has been communicated earlier, our nature of the 
business is such that a quarter-to-quarter performance is not really reflected of the 
true business performance. Our business performance is much better understood 
and reflected through the YTD numbers. Therefore, I will first cover the nine months 
of FY24. In the nine months of FY24, our revenue from operation was at Rs.798 
crore, reflecting a decline of 18%. However, as mentioned by Dr. Sudhir, the spec 
chem business is down due to global destocking and we still have COVID molecules 
last year base effect. If we were to exclude these two elements from our base, then 
the underlying business revenue is at a growth of 35%. And the pharma CDMO 
business, excluding the COVID molecule, has grown at around 2%. {stands 
corrected as 24%} 
Despite the softness in the revenue due to macro headwinds, our adjusted EBITDA 
is at Rs.348 crore, which is at a very healthy EBITDA margin of 44%, and ahead of 
last year, adjusted EBITDA margins of 41% 
Similarly, the business adjusted PAT at Rs.257 crore is at a margin of 32%, which is 
well ahead of last year’s adjusted PAT margin of 29%. 
As Dr. Sudhir said, our capacity expansion at Suryapet is going well. We had 
committed Rs.200 crore on Suryapet and we progress in that right direction on that. 
And similarly, we have, as mentioned earlier allotted a CAPEX of around Rs.30 to 
40 crore in our new R&D facility, which continues in progress, in line with our plans. 
As mentioned earlier, the quarter-to-quarter do not reflect the true nature of our 
business. Nevertheless, I will still cover the Q3 financials as reported. As you would 
notice in the press release, our Q3 reflects the costs associated with the new hires 
and the ongoing implementation of new systems and processes in the results. Our 
revenue from operations is Rs.220 crore, which has declined 38%, while overall 
growth has been impacted by spec chem destocking and base effect of COVID 
molecule. Excluding these two elements, the revenue grows at around 2%. {stands 
corrected as 3%} 
The adjusted EBITDA is in line with previous year EBITDA; EBITDA margins is 
around 36% versus the last year EBITDA margin at 38%. Similarly, the PAT at Rs.57 
crore comes with the margin at 26%, in line with the last year margins of 28%. 
Now, I would request Mr. Vaidheesh if you could give us a summary. 
A. Vaidheesh: 
Thank you, Himanshu. So we anticipate that the near-term macro challenges will 
persist due to industrywide destocking which I've mentioned it in the beginning itself. 
And this is likely to keep our next few quarters performance soft. But as I mentioned, 
we remain confident of our mid-term. 
In summary, our transition to new management is complete. And we have 
strengthened our senior leadership. And despite short-term challenges, our focus on 
customer engagement, strategic initiatives and medium-term to long-term macro 
tailwinds, remains unwaveringly strong. 
And with this, we thank you for your time and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital Advisors.  

 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
I just wanted to check what was the revenues from the COVID molecule in the same 
quarter last year which you are referring to as a high base? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Gokul, what's important is that what we've highlighted that our business excluding 
the COVID molecule in nine months is at +2% {correction:+24%}. I mean, 
unfortunately, we would not be in a position to give an individual molecule-by-
molecule level information.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
The previous management had indicated that the COVID revenues in year FY22 was 
Rs.120 crore. So, this was a bit of a surprise that in FY23 there was no COVID 
revenues as such. So, are you saying that there are no revenues in the Q3 FY23 for 
COVID because you are referring to the nine months number as a year-to-date 
figure? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Which is correct. Q3FY23 did not have a COVID revenue number. {Correction: 
Q3FY23 has Covid revenue number} 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
So, in that case, the pharma CDMO business has seen a 33% drop in this particular 
quarter. Is there any particular reason why there is such a sharp drop in this particular 
quarter in this business? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
No, no, I don't think so. I have given you any number in terms of a pharma CDMO 
drop. I think what's relevant is, we have very categorically said that this business is 
not representative from a quarter-to-quarter perspective. We will have to look at this 
business from a YTD perspective, because otherwise the business will not give a 
sense. And see, that's very important for us to understand that we have to look at 
this business from a YTD perspective rather than quarter-on-quarter perspective. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
The second question is on the Cohance merger. You mentioned in your annual report 
that there is a plan to merge or something. Could you give an update on what is the 
strategy on that front and what's the progress? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, see, from a board perspective, we have passed a resolution for evaluation. And 
we are in the process of evaluating that merger. We will update you once we have 
more understanding. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital.  
Darshit Shah: 
Just wanted to know a few quarters back, there were around five molecules in phase-
III trials. So, would the new management be able to tell us how many molecules are 
currently in phase-III & ongoing? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
As of now, we don't have any new update at the moment. As you understand, it's 
long-term in nature and quarter-on-quarter significant movement cannot happen and 
still they are at the same stage. 
Darshit Shah: 
Earlier, we used to get details on the number of projects we are currently ongoing 
and the phase-wise details. So, would the new management be kind of able to 
provide those in the presentation now so that we get an idea of how many projects 
we've added, which are the projects & in what phases they are in, your thoughts on 
that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Just to let you know, as you understand the kind of innovative customer that we deal 
with, we are abide by certain NDAs and we prefer not to dwell on to their pipeline 
status and you should have to kindly bear with us. We would not be able to dwell 
deeper into it. 

 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Darshit Shah: 
We are seeing that given the global situation starting right now, we expect the next 
few quarters to be soft. So when we expect normal growth kind of to return to the 
business, providing that none of the phase-III molecules kind of go into commercial 
in the next few quarters? 
Dr. Prasada Raju:  
Darshit, currently, we still are watching to understand how the bottom out of entire 
decline happens. We feel we might be at a middle of the cycle unless we clearly get 
a sense of whether it is completely bottomed out or not, we will not be able to really 
tell you how much time it will take for recovery. 
Darshit Shah: 
Can you help us understand what this adjusted EBITDA, I mean, the old inventory 
provision that you have kind of provided in the recent presentation? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, as you would notice, I think we have in the press release mentioned that the old 
inventory provision has been adjusted for around Rs. 134million, so which is Rs. 13.4 
crore. So, that's the number that has been provided for as a one-time provision. 
Darshit Shah: 
So, this is just for this one-time for this quarter itself or it will be a recurring thing now, 
henceforth in our kind of presentation and press releases? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
As I said, this is one-time provision for the old inventory that we have assessed at 
this stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers India 
Private Limited.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
I just had one question and I understand that this is a qualitative remark, and you 
may not, but just to understand, there has been a reasonably long period of 
consolidation which we have been looking for as a company also. So, if you can give 
some perspective about what do you mean when you say that the near-term is 
challenging, but in the medium-term, long-term you are there, so does the medium-
term mean one-year plus or is it a longish period than the medium-term or less? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Mayur, just to give you a perspective. There are two important challenges are 
happening. One is on the specialty chemical side, which is definitely cyclical 
phenomenon is happening on the destocking of the situation. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Sorry, I should have clarified in the question. I mean, ex of agrochem, how do you 
see that? Pharma is also only 2% kind of growth. So ex of that, how do you see? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Pharma CDMO has multiple challenges to address. One is definitely as you 
understand we have to depend on the customers growth and customers will 
eventually depend on the clinical success of the molecule. #2, we also look at some 
of the stock and inventory optimization levels. So, these are the two important 
phenomenon. It's very hard for us to really predict when a phase-III molecule can be 
ready for a readout and followed by the NDA filing and approval. Hence, we stay 
relevant to our customers and wait for them to have a successful clinical closure 
which normally takes anywhere between 1.5 to 2-years’ time. That's how we are not 
able to exactly define what would be the terrain at which the success comes. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So, at a broad level you are still not in a position to give us any indication about what 
does that medium-term mean and how many quarters we still go through the selling 
side, is that right? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Yes. From a pharma CDMO on a YTD basis, 24% is the number, I think it's not 2%, 
just wanted to clarify. 

 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Just one clarification. Sorry, I misunderstood. There was a question that in Q3 of 
FY23, there was no COVID molecule, right? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
No, no. I think there is a clarification. Q3 of previous year has a COVID molecule. It 
is there in the base of the COVID molecule. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
That is what I was coming, because your reference just went a little high, that is why 
I got confused. Correct. So Q3 FY23 had? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
We have been trying to move the business I mean apart from the CDMO and agro-
chem, we have been trying to enter into the API chain also and there was a more 
integrated kind of play for us. Where are we in the discussion stage with the client or 
is it still there or is it only going to be mainly after the merger happens? How do we 
see that aspect of business playing out over the next one year? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Currently, Mayur, there is one active project for graduation from a registered starting 
material to API by one of the innovative companies. Project is still active, but as you 
understand, it has to follow through certain procedures including quality checks and 
a customer visit to the facilities, which is active, but we cannot exactly decide by 
when it will be over, and it will be converted into commercial. Second part of your 
question is you are also referring to, can we convert that into formulation and be a 
forward integration? We don't expect even the mid-term also that is going to happen 
because we as a country don't have a precedence of providing formulated product 
to innovative companies. I hope it clarifies your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Soni from Arch Finance Ltd. .  
Ashish Soni: 
In the opening remarks, you spoke about some M&A activity and some RFQ 
discussions. Can you throw some better light on it, just want to understand in detail 
what are our thoughts there? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
There are two parts you mentioned. One is on the M&A side, as you understand, we 
have surplus cash on the balance sheet. As a part of our overall growth strategy, 
we're also evaluating potential possibilities of inorganic ways to expand and 
accelerate our growth aspirations. Currently, we are actively pursuing and looking 
for a few technology platforms which can differentiate ourselves from the existing 
crowd and also stay very relevant to our existing customers. That activity is 
happening right now. 
Ashish Soni: 
And what about this RFQ? Like you said that RFQ pipeline is increasing, so, when 
do you see some impacts over revenues maybe six months, 12 months, can you 
throw some light on that as well? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
As you understand, RFQs definitely, we have seen improved inflow, but as you 
understand it takes time for RFQ conversion by the customers also. We expect in 
the next one, two quarters, some of the results should come in, it will not take more 
long either way whether we win or we lose, we will get to know in next one, two 
quarters time. That's a common cycle that we follow. 
Ashish Soni: 
And on M&A, when you said you're exploring for inorganic opportunities, so do you 
see something closing in next one year? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
That is the aspiration that we have, but we would not be able to create any 
speculation at this stage unless we are clear, but definitely there is a healthy pipeline 

 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
of M&A opportunities that we are pursuing right now. Appropriately, we'll come back 
to all of you. 
Ashish Soni: 
We have built a lot of capabilities and capacities upgradation in the last few years. 
When do you think, we can optimally utilize to our strategic perspective in next two, 
three years capacities what we have built or upgraded? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So again, this is an ongoing exercise of current capacity utilization in the case of 
various units of Suven that we have. More importantly, Suryapet new capacity 
expansion has been one more addition to us. In the next two years’ time, we should 
be able to really bring this capacity to an optimal level. That's our internal endeavor. 
Today, we have enough capacity available. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital.  
Darshit Shah: 
Just on the M&A side, we understand we have Rs.1,000 crore roughly around that 
amount with us. So when you're talking about newer technologies and platforms that 
we're looking at, so this is over and above the board consent that you've probably 
got to kind of merge Cohance also. So this is over and above what we are planning 
to probably looking at Cohance and other relevant technology and platforms also, is 
that understanding correct? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Currently, we are looking for whatever the M&A opportunity which can be more 
meaningful and strategic for driving the Suven growth is our top priority right now. 
Hence, your understanding is correct. 
Darshit Shah: 
You've been talking about a five-year vision for the company. So when can we expect 
something to be out in the presentation for the investors? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Currently, it is at a draft stage. As you understand in the last quarter call, we were 
mentioning it is work-in progress, but definitely, our teams have kept a lot of effort 
and we have reached to a draft stage. We are contemplating how can we really 
convert that into a final blueprint? Sometime towards the closure of the year, 
probably we can come back with some specific outcomes of the overall blueprint. 
Otherwise, we are at an advanced stage of closing it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Ashish Soni from Arch Finance Ltd.   
Ashish Soni: 
Talking about near-term weakness, so, what's your CAPEX plan, are we putting that 
on hold, or we want to continue with that, if you can throw light on that for next one 
or two years? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Ashish, as you heard us consistently, today, our endeavor is to deepen our existing 
relationship with customers and fill up the current capacity which is relatively sub-
optimally used right now, then appropriately plan for the CAPEX. That's how we are 
looking for right now, which means your understanding is very correct. Mid-term, we 
try to decide based on our overall strategic options in which assets that we have to 
have a CAPEX allocation. 
Ashish Soni: 
But any guideline on maintenance CAPEX which definitely be required in like next 
one year or two years? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So normally to maintain our facilities, we continue to have the CAPEX which 
historically we have been spending, the same amount will go. I'm talking about more 
of a growth CAPEX. We will wait till we reach to a certain stage of optimal usage of 
capacities. 

 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Ashish Soni: 
When you say optimal, is it like 50% sort of a thing or lower than that? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Normally above 50% is the right trigger point. As you understand, the CAPEX has 
two components; one is building a civil structure, second one is equipment 
installation and qualification. Infrastructure of civil takes long time. Hence, our trigger 
point is to keep the infrastructure of civil first, then wait for the product level mapping 
and a customer level mapping comes into a play. So, we decide after 1.5-to-2 years, 
once we reached 50% of the capacity, we start building a civil structure. Again in our 
business, our 80% is 100% of utilization because we do not want to run with more 
than 80% of the capacity occupancy because we will lose the flexibility to the 
customers. That's how we look at the CAPEX decisions. 
Ashish Soni: 
This M&A, are you planning in India or outside of India? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Currently, at least first few assets we are hoping to have it in India right now. But 
again we'll come back with specific answers as Darshit was also asking, you should 
allow us for some time. There is a healthy pipeline. We'll get back with specific 
answer soon. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga 
Capital Advisors.  
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Sorry to harp on the COVID thing. I'm just referring to your page #24 of the annual 
report where you had mentioned that and I quote, “The growth seems to be subdued 
owing to the one-off revenue from the COVID-related projects in FY22 which was 
absent in FY23.” If we take these numbers out, the growth of the numbers aligned 
with your growth business estimate, so I'm just a bit curious and confused in terms 
of what base are you referring in terms of COVID molecule revenues for FY23? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, Gokul, let's take this offline because I have not had the opportunity to look at 
what you're looking at. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes, I am happy to take this offline. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth 
Managers India Private Limited.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Just a follow up on the last one because again it has cropped up, we would request 
you to kindly issue a press release if there is any change in the understanding we 
have, it will help all of us because in terms of overall disclosure also, so if there is 
any change in the requirement, request you to kindly release the press release which 
will help us. I was referring to the last question with respect to the COVID drug base, 
there is some confusion. So instead of having only one analyst as offline, request 
you to issue a press release if there is any change in your current requirements if 
any. 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
It's a more of a clarification. It doesn't have any materiality. However, we take your 
point. We'll ensure that there is no information as I mentioned. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So the question actually I had on the generic and the formulation side. There has 
been some uptick which we are seeing after again quite a long period of that 
opportunity not being and our tie-up or understanding with Rising Pharma, which 
was there, so how should we look at that segment from two perspectives, one is we 
going to now see a sustained growth coming up? And secondly, in the initial phases, 

 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
are the margins on that a little back ended as the minimum sale and when it circulates 
down to the bottom line later phase or is it more evenly spread as we go ahead 
overall in terms of segments, if you can give us some understanding of how we see 
that in the next one year or so as far as this formulation concerns? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
So, I'll try to divide this question into multiple places. One is definitely the extent of 
commercialization of some of the filings which have happened in the past, we see 
progress happening right now, and as we speak even last quarter, which is Q3 
ending December of 2023, we had three ANDAs approved related to two products, 
and we also seem to have the commercialization also of the molecules happening. 
And the way we look at here, last year it was Casper asset is actually making a loss, 
and this year we expect loss can be minimized and next year definitely based on the 
extent of commercialization of this approved ANDAs definitely loss making to a profit 
making will always happen. #2, in terms of the margin, it always follows the revenue 
and in some cases there is an extent of composition of profit share happens in the 
business. On an approval basis, it also gets recognized. However, this a continuous 
ongoing activity. Obviously, it will recur going forward. These are all the two points I 
hope it answers your question. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
So, the current set of molecules which have gone into commercialization are more 
evenly spread on margins or on our profit share, currently which we are seeing an 
uptick? 
Dr. Prasada Raju: 
Difficult to share that right now, but definitely the composition of molecule comes with 
both, hence, margin also will be evenly spread. That's what I'm trying to say. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella 
Carvalho for closing comments. Over to you ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you participants for your time. Any questions unanswered, please reach out 
to the Investor Relations or CDR, India at your convenience. Thank you so much. 
 
Please note: There were unintended inaccuracies in some of the comments/ responses. The corrected 
comments/ responses have been suitably included in this transcript in parentheses where necessary. 
Aside from this the language has been edited so as to bring in enhanced clarity. 
 
