 
 
 
 
Ref: HIL/SE/2023-24/110 
March 20, 2024 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 509675  
Scrip Symbol: HIL  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Analysts/Investors’ Conference Call held on March 14, 2024 on business  
         updates  
          
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated March 11, 2024 and March 14, 2024, please find the attached 
transcript of Analysts/Investors’ Conference Call held on Thursday, March 14, 2024 on business 
updates with respect to the acquisition approved by Board of Directors at their meeting held on March 
11, 2024. 
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HIL Limited 
 
 
 
Nidhi Bisaria  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.5634 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI 
BISARIA 
Date: 2024.03.20 
12:23:03 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Business Update Conference Call Transcript 
March 14, 2024 
Mit Shah: 
Good aŌernoon everyone and welcome to the Call of HIL Limited's Management 
to Discuss the Recent AcquisiƟon of Topline. 
Joining us will be Mr. Akshat Seth – Managing Director and CEO of the Company, 
and Mr. Ajay Kapadia, Chief Financial Oﬃcer. 
The call will commence with remarks from Mr. Akshat Seth, Covering the Key 
Highlights of the AcquisiƟon, following which we will open the forum for a Q&A 
Session. I request you to limit your quesƟons to the development speciﬁcally. 
Before we begin, please note certain statements made on today's call could be 
forward-looking in nature and details in this regard are available on the ‘invite’ 
shared with you earlier. 
Thank you. I like to invite Mr. Akshat Seth to make his Views. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Mit and thank you everyone for joining in today.  
I know it was at short noƟce, but it's important and a happy development at our 
side. We thought we should break away from the cycle of those quarterly result-
driven conversaƟons and start sharing some developments which will have a 
bearing, not just for the year in now, but for the long-term prospects of HIL and our 
various business segments. So, thank you again for joining us. 
So, I'm happy to share that we have signed an agreement with CresƟa Polytech for 
the acquisiƟon of Topline. It's a popular brand in Pipes and Fiƫngs in Eastern India. 
Along with CresƟa, four other group companies, the total deal consideraƟon is 
Rs.265 crore, that's the enterprise value on a debt-free, cash-free basis. The total 
esƟmated turnover of the group of companies that we are acquiring is about Rs.330 
crore in FY24 with an esƟmated adjusted EBITDA in the range of about 9% to 10%. 
We would also like to highlight that this acquisiƟon will be PAT-accreƟve. 
The acquisiƟon is a signiﬁcant step for us at HIL and in our commitment to further 
accelerate the fast-growing Pipes and Fiƫngs business. In my recent results call 
with you, we have been speaking about how Pipes and Fiƫngs will be a key growth 
lever for us in the years to come and this step is in that direcƟon. 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
This parƟcular acquisiƟon and company comes with a complementary porƞolio of 
products, technologies and market footprint and will help us to signiﬁcantly scale 
HIL's producƟon capacity to three Ɵmes the current and will straightaway double 
our revenue in this category. 
So, this acquisiƟon perfectly aligns with the ambiƟon and is part of a well thought-
out growth strategy for Pipes and Fiƫngs. The combined synergies of the two 
organizaƟons will broaden our product porƞolio, our product oﬀerings and SKUs 
will double from where we stood before this acquisiƟon, manufacturing capacity 
and market reach. Overall, our ambiƟon is to be at least ﬁve Ɵmes our current size 
in this category over the next three years. 
The acquisiƟon also oﬀers immense growth potenƟal. As I said, it not only doubles 
our revenue but also enhances our producƟon capacity threefold, which means 
there is more headroom for growth, especially in this strategically important 
Eastern region. We also gain access to Topline signiﬁcant channel presence across 
15 states. East, of course, is a stronghold for them. The company has built over the 
last few years signiﬁcant government-oriented business. I will talk about it in a 
second. 
Let me ﬁrst talk about the product synergies that we get. So, this acquisiƟon will 
enable our entry into large segments such as HDPE (High-Density Polyethylene), 
MDPE and Water Tanks. These are segments where we were not present in the 
past. These are large segments in the market, and we now have a meaningful play 
in those. 
As I said, we will double our SKU oﬀerings. It also creates access to patented 
technologies in water tanks and electrofusion ﬁƫngs, which will posiƟon us 
amongst a handful of players in the country with access to their technology. It also 
enhances our presence in government projects. You would recall so far, we have 
not played in the government segment. Topline on the other hand is speciﬁed and 
approved to supply products in 12 states through various government 
departments, including the Jal Jeevan Mission, the Natural Gas Grid, and PM 
Ujjwala Scheme. This means if we step back that we will now be able to play in 
segments like agriculture, telecom and natural gas where either our presence was 
small or not at all in the past. 
For this transacƟon, we will be paying Rs.125 crore. So, as I said, the total enterprise 
value is Rs.265 crore, of which Rs.125 crore is equity, the rest is debt. So, for this 
transacƟon, we will be paying Rs.125 crore to exisƟng shareholders for purchase of 
100% of equity shares and addiƟonally, infuse Rs.35 crore, so an aggregate of 
Rs.160 crore, to repay unsecured loans. The rest of the Rs.105-110 crore will be the 
bank loans that we will bring over in the enƟƟes that we are assuming control of. 
This Rs.160 crore of infusion at HIL's level will be funded through a combinaƟon of 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
internal accruals and borrowings, and we expect that this acquisiƟon and all its 
related formaliƟes will close in the next four to six weeks’ Ɵme. 
Those were the highlights of this deal and why we feel excited about it. Let me 
pause here and open it up for quesƟons. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the quesƟon-and-answer session. The ﬁrst quesƟon is from the 
line of Praveen Sahay from PL India. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
The ﬁrst quesƟon is, sir, in this acquisiƟon, there are ﬁve enƟƟes. Is there any 
intercompany transacƟons as well because if I look at the revenue for each and 
every company, the consolidated is not equal to that? So is that a inter-company 
transacƟon also there? 
Akshat Seth: 
There are some. Let me invite my colleague, Ajay, who is the CFO, to answer that 
quesƟon. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
So, out of ﬁve enƟƟes, the manufacturing is done in four enƟƟes whereas one 
enƟty is mainly bundling the products and then supplys to the customers. So, one 
is the trading company and then the four are manufacturing companies. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Which one is the trading company? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Topline Industries is the trading company. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Second quesƟon is, sir, on the numbers only because in the press that's one of the 
acquisiƟon detail documents, if I look at the numbers menƟoned in the ﬁrst serial 
number that is a Rs.265-odd crore as of 31st December '23. So, is that a calendar 
year '23, is that number Rs. 265-odd crore because if I look down in the same 
document for calendar year '23, I can see consolidated number is around Rs.221 
crore for a total number? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
This Rs.265 crore is basically nine months unaudited number. Rs.221 crore is FY23 
full year audited numbers. FY23 is April'22 to March'23 number which is Rs.221 
crore and is audited number, whereas April '23 to December '23 unaudited number 
is Rs.265 crore, this is for nine months. 
Praveen Sahay: 
About the business, if I look at these companies manufacturing the HDPE, PVC 
piping, tank, containers, ﬁƫngs, everything, so can you give some more color like 
a large porƟon of the business is coming from where like is it more on the HDPE or 
PVC piping, how is the business actually placed in? And secondly is where we are 
actually that these companies are selling, it's more on the project Jal Jeevan 
Mission projects or in the retail as well? 

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Akshat Seth: 
So, broadly speaking, the HDPE, MDPE porƞolio is to the tune of about 60% to 65% 
for them. The Tank business accounts for about 15% of their revenue. The UPVC, 
CPVC accounts for another 20% of the porƞolio. If you look at a split by the type of 
channel, the government channels account for about 40% to 45%, the B2C retail 
channel accounts for the remaining 50% to 55%. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And also, if you can give a color on the geographical mix, largely in the eastern 
geography they are posiƟoned themselves or sales is happening from outside as 
well? 
Akshat Seth: 
They are selling products through the trade channel in 15 states. Have a very good 
distributor, dealer network in these states. The center of gravity of their sales are 
in the eastern part. So, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and neighboring states is, of 
course, their stronghold, eastern UP also. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Also, if you can give some color, because already you had given the EBITDA margin 
of 9% to 10%, how has been the trajectory, is it a steady state margin for the 
company or is that something to look at improved or something like that? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, as far as these standalone operaƟons pre-acquisiƟon are concerned, they have 
been consistently on that trajectory. We expect as the merger happens and 
synergies start kicking in, there will be beneﬁted on the P&L of both our Birla HIL 
brands of pipes and also on Topline. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next quesƟon from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule 
Ventures PMS. Please go ahead. 
Krisha Kansara: 
So, my ﬁrst quesƟon is on the capacity. So, post this acquisiƟon, what would be our 
consolidated capacity in this pipe segment? 
Akshat Seth: 
We will cross the 100,000 mark so we will be closer to 110,000 to 115,000 MTPA, 
from where we stand today is nearly three Ɵmes as large. But the other interesƟng 
bit about the capacity pieces, you are aware that so far, we at Birla HIL had 
capaciƟes in North at our Faridabad plant, in West at our Golan plant outside Surat 
and in South outside Hyderabad in Thimmapur, East was a missing element. With 
this acquisiƟon, that gap gets closed. Our ability to serve the fast-growing markets 
of the East and Northeast grows manifold with this acquisiƟon. So, it's not just the 
number and the capacity that we have but are now sort of closing all the gaps in 
the manufacturing footprint as well. What I will also highlight is apart from what 
the current stated capacity is, there is fair headroom for growing this capacity at 
the exisƟng faciliƟes as well. 
Krisha Kansara: 
One quesƟon regarding this only. So, how are we planning to posiƟon this Topline 
brand along with our own brand? So, if you can just throw some light on part? 

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Akshat Seth: 
Of course, Topline will now become a brand within the HIL porƞolio. We have 
managed a house of brands for a really long Ɵme across our various product 
categories. Within pipes, we have been selling our pipes under Birla HIL. Topline 
will be an addiƟonal brand in this porƞolio for the short run of the next two to three 
years. We will keep this as a separate brand, grow it to its full potenƟal. Of course, 
the brand will be endorsed by the Birla HIL associaƟon. But it will retain its unique 
idenƟty and the raƟonale for that is the brand is fairly well known in the eastern 
markets. There is a good recall, there is a good channel connect and there is a good 
customer connect. We want to take it to its full potenƟal over the next two to three 
years, and that headroom for growth is fairly signiﬁcant in our assessment. 
Krisha Kansara: 
So, you had given a sales guidance of close to Rs.1,600 crore for this segment by 
FY26 or FY27. So, I have two quesƟons regarding this. So, was this guidance given 
considering this acquisiƟon, that is #1? And #2 is do we plan to opt for inorganic 
growth in this segment even going forward? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, the guidance is the goal post that we are aiming in fact what we are sharing, 
and we have shared in the run up is that guidance will only go North of the number 
that you are talking about. These are ways of geƫng to that ambiƟon. These deals 
you cannot be sure of them Ɵll they are completed in all respects. So, I would keep 
the two conversaƟons separate. If your quesƟon is, are we sƟll on track for that 
Rs.1,600 crore and beyond? The answer is yes and with greater convicƟon. Will this 
help in that journey? 100% it will. Will it accelerate the journey? 100% it will. Will 
we be on the lookout for more such smart acquisiƟons? Absolutely. So, our march 
towards what we think is a righƞul size in the market will come from a combinaƟon 
of a lot of work on the organic side, but also sensible inorganic moves like this one 
and like the ones we have done in the past. 
Moderator: 
The next quesƟon is from the line of Kush Gangar from Care CMS. Please go ahead. 
Kush Gangar: 
So, what would be the capacity uƟlizaƟon for this plant and what is capacity 
uƟlizaƟon at HIL standalone capacity? 
Akshat Seth: 
Our current capaciƟes are in the range of about 70%. So, this is the Birla HIL 
operaƟons. At the acquired enƟty, these are in the range of about 40% to 50%. 
Kush Gangar: 
And the acquisiƟon seems to be quite reasonable in terms of price-to-sales 
considering 9% to 10% EBITDA margins. What was the reason for the exisƟng 
promoters to sell out? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think it’s a quesƟon which is best answered by the exisƟng sellers than us. You are 
aware that in a business like this, there are sort of Ɵers. As you move from one Ɵer 
of growth to another, there is a signiﬁcant demand of capital for investments in 
capacity, for investments in working capital, for investments in channel. The 

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
founders have built a solid plaƞorm which has a runway up to what we believe at 
least 1,000 crore. But the investments that are needed somewhere, a company like 
HIL in partnership with this brand can actually make it on a more accelerated track. 
So, that's at least our hypothesis, but the exact answer I think the sellers can give 
to you. 
Kush Gangar: 
So, the exisƟng promoters would conƟnue with us? 
Akshat Seth: 
They would not. It's a 100% acquisiƟon. So, the operaƟng team and the 
management team will conƟnue, but the promoters will transiƟon out. 
Kush Gangar: 
You menƟoned you want to take this business to 5x of the current size. Current size 
would be around Rs. 300 crore for our pipes business? 
Akshat Seth: 
Our pipes business this year we should be in the zone of Rs. 350 to 400 crore 
without this acquisiƟon. With this acquisiƟon, we will already be Rs. 700+ crore 
that our exisƟng piece at least ﬁve Ɵmes is the aspiraƟon. I think Krisha had also 
asked some number on what the goal post is. As we are going along somewhere 
we are also being ambiƟous on that goal post. 
Kush Gangar: 
In terms of margin synergies, if you can help us in a bit detail and our aspiraƟonal 
target margins at our higher revenue ﬁgure, what can be the margins at that level 
and some synergy details? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, for the combined enƟty, I can talk because soon there will be no advantage in 
talking about these standalone enƟƟes, for the combined enƟty as I have shared in 
the previous calls as well. For this segment, we are aiming to be in the teens, so 
double digit 12% to 14% is the ﬁrst milestone operaƟng margins that we need to 
hit. There will be a journey and a path to it, because we also anƟcipate in the short 
run there will be investments for us to scale up. So, for us the path will be ﬁrst scale 
up and then the margins will also start showing up. Because you know in this 
business, scale has a signiﬁcant impact on the margin structure as well. But in the 
short run also this parƟcular acquisiƟon gives us some great synergies. First and 
foremost, the scale, as I said, doubles up. That advantage will show up. Second, 
today for Birla HIL, nearly 20-25% of our sales are happening in East India. They 
were being served from our plants in the North and in the South. Immediately with 
this footprint coming in, there will be advantages on the logisƟc cost, there will be 
advantages on sourcing the raw material, there will be advantages on the people 
front given the team and the synergies there. So, we expect that impact to be start 
becoming visible in the short run itself, but overall, for this segment, the real picture 
will take a couple of years to emerge because in the short run we will be invesƟng 
heavily to grow scale, grow counter share, grow market share. Our ﬁrst milestone 
in that Ɵme period will be the numbers that I shared in the zone of 12% to 14% at 
an operaƟng margin level. 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next quesƟon is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
A quick quesƟon with respect to eastern market. What is the size of this market 
according to you, how it is growing? And b), we have seen a lot of new capaciƟes 
being set up by the leading players. So, how do you look at the compeƟƟve 
intensity, parƟcularly for the eastern market? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, these numbers will be up for debate in an overall market size of about 40,000,-
45,000 crore as far as pipes and ﬁƫngs is concerned. We understand that the whole 
East and Northeast cluster will easily be 25-30% of that. The overall all India market 
in the last few years and is expected to grow at about 9-10%. East will be an 
outperformer as far as that growth rate is concerned. So, I would expect low double 
digits there. So, 12-13% type of growth is what is expected. And the interesƟng bit 
is in East, there is a fair amount of government-related acƟvity that is also driving 
investments in this. So, it’s both a combinaƟon of the two, three projects happening 
and the residenƟal demand. And that is why this market is interesƟng. There are 
also other things. If you look at I mean in recent quarters, you would have seen 
there is renewed interest as far as East market is concerned. There are bigger 
cousins who are seƫng up capaciƟes or have announced capaciƟes. Why we feel 
excited about this is somewhere it helps us leapfrog an organic development of a 
plaƞorm of this size is Ɵme-consuming. Somewhere it allows us to be ahead of the 
curve as far as addressing the East market is concerned. 
Achal Lohade: 
This East and Northeast you menƟoned, did I hear the number 25-30%? 
Akshat Seth: 
On an aggregate for overall India markets, these are broad esƟmates. 
Achal Lohade: 
The second quesƟon is are there many more such players who are in that Rs.200, 
300 crore revenue bracket, which could come up as potenƟal targets or you think 
that's very rare, it's more of large players now? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, as we look at these potenƟal partners, acquisiƟons, mergers, the ﬁlter for us 
is less on size but more on what this porƞolio brings to us and how good the 
strategic ﬁt is. So, when we scout for these opportuniƟes, the net is cast wider. We 
will look at something which could be Rs.100 crore to much in excess of the Rs. 350 
crore that we are talking about. But the important thing is how does it ﬁt into our 
porƞolio and what's the value at which we are able to acquire. So, I will focus more 
on that than on the speciﬁc current size of these assets. 
Achal Lohade: 
I was just curious to know from your perspecƟve, are there players, I mean one is 
obviously whether it ﬁts the bill of requirements what you have, but in terms of the 
availability, are there many more such players or this is far less? 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Akshat Seth: 
From an industry structure point of view in sub-150 crore you will have quite a few 
players, subscale and so on. But as you start going North of that, it starts becoming 
a rariﬁed ﬁeld. As we are now hiƫng closer to the 1,000 crore you will have a 
handful of players in that zone. The opƟons in that size will become fewer. 
Achal Lohade: 
And just one quick clariﬁcaƟon with respect to the compeƟƟve scenario, 
parƟcularly in the eastern market, have you seen intensity going up oﬀ late or 
things are as they were and probably that will intensify over next couple of years 
as those capaciƟes come up? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, where we stand today, it is possibly the compeƟƟve intensity is on the lesser 
side. However, it is intensifying and if I fast forward to the next three to four year 
picture you will expect fairly heated compeƟƟon in this geography. The way we are 
seeing this opportunity, I'm sure everyone else have their analysts working on it 
and that raises their interest about that market. So, my expectaƟon is that 
compeƟƟve intensity will increase from current levels, but standing where we are, 
maybe there is a window for the next two, three years where it is relaƟvely beƩer 
compared to other regions. 
Moderator: 
The next quesƟon is from the line of Khush Gosrani from InCred. Please go ahead. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Sir, could you give us what is the mix between agri pipes and non-agri pipes in 
Topline and even for the HIL? 
Akshat Seth: 
At HIL, you are aware we are very heavily focused on CPVC and that's been one 
salient feature of our porƞolio. We are amongst the very few players who have 
consistently been 40+%. And as a result, in agri we have been very less indexed on 
that; it's about 10% or so of our porƞolio that agri will comprise. In Topline’s 
porƞolio, just allow us to come back on that. It's not a number that I recall 
immediately. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Overall, what is the mix between Pipes and Fiƫngs at Topline? 
Akshat Seth: 
The Fiƫng bit will be at this moment is about 20-25% in that range. What is 
interesƟng and I have to highlight is the technology this company has on 
electrofusion ﬁƫngs, I'm sure as observers of this industry there have been some 
recent acquisiƟons and valuaƟons for the electrofusion part of the porƞolio. This 
acquisiƟon gives us a unique capability to play in that segment. It's a niche segment. 
There are only a handful of players playing in that. It's a beƩer margin product. So 
far, the investments in that capability were recent as far as Topline is concerned 
and we expect to grow that part of the porƞolio fairly aggressively. So, it's a USP of 
the porƞolio that we have acquired, and I wanted to highlight that too. 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Khush Gosrani: 
If I look at the press release that you have given, there is some confusion on my 
part. The total revenue, if I look at the CresƟa, Topline, Aditya, Sainath and Aditya 
Industries is coming to somewhere around Rs. 600 crore. What is the structure over 
there at the one we have acquired? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
There is intercompany sales. Some of the companies are into manufacturing of 
Pipes, some are into Fiƫngs. So, they bundle all the products and then supply to 
the customers. These nine months that is from April 2023 to December 2023, the 
revenue is Rs.265 crore. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Just the last quesƟon is on the margin side. So, you highlighted 12% to 14%, is that 
right, both combined for HIL? 
Akshat Seth: 
No, no. We are saying at the moment the acquired enƟty is in the zone of 9% to 
10%. As we mature in this business and as we grow scale in this business, that is 
the ﬁrst milestone that we are aiming at. 
Khush Gosrani: 
So, what would be the HIL margins right now? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, this year we have done in the region of 7%+. And to your quesƟon on agri in the 
current porƞolio, they are about 20% in agri. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next quesƟon from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So, just ﬁrstly, with this capacity which is 80-odd thousand and we may be around 
30,000 plus, what is the maximum revenue that with this combined capacity we 
can achieve or is it that the Rs. 1,600-crore number you are saying is sort of 
achievable with the capacity that we have enough? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, for us to achieve Rs. 1,600 crore odd if I'm talking about the 5X, which is roughly 
in the North of Rs. 2,000 crore, we will of course need to invest more in capacity. 
The current capacity in the acquired asset can take it to the Rs. 1,000-crore mark 
standalone for that. Our current capacity can take us to about Rs. 500 to 600 crore. 
Nikhil Gada: 
But basically, this Rs. 1,600 crore combined is possible with the capacity that we 
have now? 
Akshat Seth: 
There are nuances to it. There will be some organic investment that will be required 
and that will happen. What this does is the need for organic investment just 
immediately is pushed out. So, if we had not acquired it and we were pressing only 
on the organic lever, we would have had to invest earlier. This gives us a liƩle more 
ﬂexibility in that planning. 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Nikhil Gada: 
In terms of this brand Topline and as you menƟoned, it's predominantly towards 
the government part of the business, is there something of a strategy where you 
want to only restrict Topline to just the government part and focus to build Birla 
brand in PVC, CPVC and all the other areas purely because you being a stronger 
player in the eastern part? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, one small correcƟon. I do not think they are predominantly government 
oriented. As I said, 40% of their porƞolio is through these government projects, 
which by the way are one, they are chunky. So, there is a predictability that you get, 
and they are also at good margins. The whole brand play and how we will sort of 
use both the brands in the porƞolio, I would request a liƩle more Ɵme for that to 
play out in the market. You can imagine this is slightly compeƟƟve and sensiƟve 
informaƟon. So, let it play out in the next few months. 
Nikhil Gada: 
But it's fair to say that the focus would be at least on the retail front or on the PVC, 
CPVC side to push Birla more with the capacity that we have in place, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, I think there are two or three aspects to the quesƟon that you are asking. We 
at HIL, as we look to grow our pipes and ﬁƫngs business, we recognize and 
acknowledge that we need to play in as wide a market as possible, because 
otherwise the addressable market remains narrow and the ability to grow there 
will be range-bound. So, to that extent, if we were not playing in the government 
segment, which accounts for anywhere in the zone of 30% of total market, then 
that's a new segment we have opened up through this.  
Similarly, there will be a few more segments from a product point of view. For 
instance, HDPE, MDPE, we did not have a presence, it opens up new addressable 
markets for us. So, ﬁrst is that strategy of increasing the addressable market. 
Second is then how do we grow the share in this wider addressable market that we 
are going aŌer. That will require investments in brand, actually require investment 
in product and innovaƟon and more importantly will also require investments in 
building a channel which is performing at an excepƟonal level. So, all of those things 
will happen. What I'm disƟnguishing is the aspect of increasing the addressable 
market and then the second aspect of increasing the share in that addressable 
market.  
There was a third aspect to your quesƟon, which is how will the brand, etc., play? 
While I will not answer this quesƟon, but I will layout the facts as it stands before 
us today. There is a way in which the Birla HIL brand has been created. As I have 
shared in our previous calls, apart from a huge amount of trust that the Birla brand 
brings with it, it is heavily focused on the premium end of the market where we are 
selling more of CPVC, we are focusing on higher realizaƟon, I had shared with you 
at about Rs.160-162 a Kg, we would be amongst the top quarƟle of realizaƟons in 
the industry. So, there is a certain way that brand has been posiƟoned and pitched 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
in the market. There is a slightly diﬀerent way in which the Topline brand has been 
built and developed over the last few years. We will want to marry the two and try 
and get the best of both worlds. 
Nikhil Gada: 
If you can share some balance sheet details as well in terms of what is the gross 
block and the working capital currently in the acquired company? And you 
menƟoned that Rs. 100 crore odd, so, this is the bank loan which is already there 
right in the company, or this is something they are going to raise? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Nikhil, the gross block is in the range of Rs. 150-155 crore and the working capital 
right now in the business is in the range of Rs. 25 crore. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Just for the Rs. 100 crore, I did not get it clearly. So, of Rs. 260 crore, Rs. 160 crore 
is going to be for the equity and unsecured loans and the remaining Rs. 100 crore 
would be for? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Rs.110 crore we are taking over their exisƟng debts. 
Moderator: 
The next quesƟon is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand, has the business been PAT posiƟve for the past three 
years? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. They are PAT posiƟve in the year FY21 & FY22. In FY23, because of the sharp 
fall in resin prices they have shut down their PVC operaƟons parƟcularly for six 
months of the year. So, they were PAT negaƟve in last ﬁnancial year. 
Madhur Rathi: 
My understanding was from this was the government business is very working 
capital like it puts clean on your working capital because you have seen in the 
industry player like Jain IrrigaƟon where this supports signiﬁcant losses from the 
government business. So, I wanted to understand how are you planning to tackle 
this problem for the government part of the business? 
Akshat Seth: 
The quesƟon on losses or is the quesƟon on working capital? 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, mainly it is regarding the working capital as well as losses in the government 
business of some of the industry peers. I wanted to get your sense on that 
perspecƟve. 
Akshat Seth: 
I'm talking on the evidence of this company. Let me not broaden it. They have had 
a balanced porƞolio where at 40% of government, they have returned proﬁts 
consistently. So, there is no concern around this segment being unproﬁtable, point 
#1. Point #2, yes, it requires working capital investment. A lot of Ɵmes to bid for 
these projects, you need a certain balance sheet strength, you need a certain 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
credenƟals to win and that is where we believe that with us being in the mix, our 
ability to bid for larger projects, our ability to win larger projects through Topline 
will grow signiﬁcantly. So, somewhere there is latent potenƟal that is siƫng there. 
With their balance sheet, their ability to borrow, they could only bid on a certain 
size. Having said that, they are approved and speciﬁed in those states and in those 
projects. But there were certain limitaƟons which with us coming in, there will be 
almost an immediate alleviaƟon around that and oﬀers us some interesƟng growth 
opportunity. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next quesƟon from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Now with this we will become a Pan-India player. Is that a fair understanding? 
Akshat Seth: 
We are already a Pan-India player. As I said, we are serving all the markets and as I 
said East is already accounƟng for 20-25% of our sales. So, as far as go-to-market, 
our distributor partners and channel partners are concerned, we already have a 
Pan-India footprint. What we did not have was manufacturing in the East, which 
this acquisiƟon helps us close that gap. 
Bharat Sheth: 
With this acquisiƟon, what will be our market share in the East India and when we 
were only distribuƟng, so how this exisƟng enƟty that we acquired was compeƟng 
against us and what was their market share at that point of Ɵme, and now of course 
their EBITDA margin, as you say, is a liƩle lower than our company. So, what is the 
roadmap to grow that margin? 
Akshat Seth: 
Small correcƟon. They are at par slightly beƩer compared to us as far as the 
operaƟng margin is concerned. So, they are no worse than us. As far as market 
share in the sector is concerned, I think the numbers are in front of you. At an all-
India level, we are small. I think there is no denying that fact. We would request 
you to judge us on how our market share will look like in three years' Ɵme. And that 
is the whole story that is playing out. We want to grow to a level where the market 
share ﬁrst is respectable, and second, at least aiming for double digit. 
Bharat Sheth: 
You said also this acquired enƟty, CresƟa has an electrofusion ﬁƫng capability, 
which is really USP, so how much that product is really contribuƟng where the 
margin is also high and how do we really want to play out on that product on Pan-
India? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, that's one of the exciƟng parts of the story. A lot of that electrofusion-oriented 
capability and capacity was built in the last few months. They have started hiƫng 
the market. So, if you ask me, the revenue contribuƟon this year is very small, but 
it is growing month-aŌer-month. We believe we can grow that business alone to 
about Rs. 75 to 100 crore in the short run. The margins in that part of the segment 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
are usually double of what we see in the tradiƟonal Pipes and Fiƫngs as the overall 
category. So, it oﬀers great growth potenƟal and a proﬁtable growth potenƟal. Of 
course, work has to be done to realize that potenƟal. There are players like Bentley, 
etc., and there are transacƟons that have happened recently. So, those are exciƟng 
stories that are playing out speciﬁcally only on electrofusion ﬁƫngs. 
Bharat Sheth: 
That Fiƫng is applicable in which kind of, I mean, work, if you can, because we are 
unknown to all this is what you are talking, electrofusion ﬁƫng, so if you can give 
a liƩle more color, its applicaƟon? 
Akshat Seth: 
These are ﬁƫngs that speciﬁcally go on the HDPE side, they are technical in nature 
but largely go in the HDPE part of the applicaƟon. 
Bharat Sheth: 
How much big is the market for that and who else are there in this business? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, globally and these guys have some presence in India as well. Georg Fischer is 
the market leader. Then I menƟoned this company called Bentley, which would be 
at the lower end of that spectrum, does about Rs. 120, 125 crore of sales. So, there 
may be a handful of players that play in that segment, there are a lot of people who 
may be trading and their own branding outsourced product. But core 
manufacturing and capabiliƟes are only with a handful of players. 
Moderator: 
The next quesƟon is from the line of Nikhil Upadhyay from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Just two quesƟons and I think this quesƟon was asked earlier also. But see, they 
have a big almost 40% from the government business, so if you have to understand 
their brand saliency in the eastern market at the retail level can you share 
something on like what is their market share in the eastern market? And secondly, 
during the call, we also discussed that there are many sub-150 crore kind of players. 
And if we look at their sales ex of government, it's sƟll around Rs. 160, 170 crore. 
So, are they a large retail player in a way, or there are mulƟple larger players and 
then something on the retail side and their market share? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, market share, again, if you do the math in terms of what is the market size and 
their own sort of revenue, they will be in low single digits. Retail, but that said they 
are a relevant player at least in the eastern market, so if you look at the states of 
Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Eastern UP, they have a good brand recall and they 
have a good channel presence. As I said, about 50% of their revenue comes through 
that. But market share as I said would be at all India or even at an eastern region in 
the low single digits. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: At the retail level, if we compare our realizaƟon with their realizaƟon, what would 
be the kind of price diﬀerence? 

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Akshat Seth: 
See, it's not comparable because their porƞolio is diﬀerent. You remember I 
menƟoned a lot of it is HDPE, a lot of it is water tank. So, it's not really the right 
comparison. 
Nikhil Upadhyay:  And lastly is on synergy. So, one thing which I understand with this manufacturing 
you release your capacity for North, West and South probably by 20-25%. But other 
than that, what kind of synergies can actually play out like I'm unable to understand 
like broad pointers other than this capacity release, what kind of synergies are we 
thinking can play out here because this is a more of a regional business with your 
capaciƟes in there and your brand presence in there. So, at manufacturing level, I 
do not know how the synergies will play out for us. If you can just spend some Ɵme 
or help us understand. 
Akshat Seth: 
I think let me take it one-by-one. So, ﬁrst synergy is what are the new product 
segments that it allows us access and allows them access. You, as a follower of this 
industry, a lot of one metric that everyone follows is how many SKUs does a 
company have to oﬀer to the market. And that immediately doubles up for us. That 
is a signiﬁcant point of synergy. New products like HDPE, MDPE for us. The depth 
of PVC, CPVC oﬀering on our side is again a synergisƟc play.  
Then on the channels, elements like government, as I laid out the fact that it now 
comes under the HIL and the CK Birla porƞolio, our ability to play at a larger canvas 
goes up, our ability to win larger project goes up. So, there is a direct synergy there.  
Then the depth that they have in eastern market from a retail presence point of 
view is again a complement to our exisƟng porƞolio. We have been strong in the 
North and West. East is something that we have grown in recent years and quarters. 
It immediately gives us a stronger foothold there. Again, a point of synergy.  
Then, there will be synergies on the cost side. It comes from freight, as you can 
appreciate even today, 20% to 25% of my sales happen in East, but I'm servicing it 
through my plants in South or in North. That gets addressed.  
There is potenƟal beneﬁt on the sourcing side. When you are sourcing the same 
raw material at a much larger scale there are beneﬁts that you derive out of it. So, 
there is a procurement cost advantage.  
Teams come together and at a while shop ﬂoor and operaƟng level there is 
exchange of best pracƟces, there is exchange of eﬃciency and eﬀecƟveness metrics 
which allow us to be beƩer versions of ourselves on both sides, I'm sure we will 
also have some learnings from them. So, that's again a beneﬁt that will start 
ﬂowing. And possibly also on the headcount side. So, there will be the usual 
suspects when two enƟƟes of similar size are coming together on the cost side that 

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
those beneﬁts should start ﬂowing. Does that clarify what you were looking for, 
Nikhil? 
Nikhil Upadhyay: Yes, to some extent. See, what I was trying to understand is that on the product 
SKU side, I agree that the basket increases, but now if you build something or 
manufacture something in East and sell it in West, the reverse freight cost will again 
come into play for us. Because largest cost was the freight cost, which impacts the 
industry. 
Akshat Seth: 
Let me give you an easy example. Today, all their Tank manufacturing is happening 
in Patna only. Now with the technology that we acquire and with the capability we 
acquire, it is easy for us to also augment tank capacity in our exisƟng plants in the 
North, South and West and we can start serving local markets from there. So, this 
is something that is the work that we have to do at our end. The idea is not that we 
keep moving things from Patna to the rest of the country and so on. But with this 
asset, our ability to opƟmize that goes up manifolds. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: What I was trying to understand is that you said our EBITDA margins on HIL 
standalone pipe business was around 6-7% this year. 
Akshat Seth: 
7%. 
Nikhil Upadhyay: And we have also menƟoned in a previous call, we are invesƟng heavily in 
markeƟng to build the brand in the Pipe side. So, if we have to understand our pre-
markeƟng margins, where that would be currently like are they close to 9-10%? 
Akshat Seth: 
Correct. So, at this moment you can easily assume that what you are calling 
markeƟng, I will call it business build spend will easily to the tune of 250 to 300 
basis points. That is where we stand today. That is likely to be the scale of 
investments over the next couple of years as well. 
Moderator: 
The next quesƟon is from the line of Chirag from White Pine Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag: 
First, a very basic clariﬁcaƟon I want. You said working capital is Rs. 25 crore of this 
enƟty, right? I'm more interested in the receivables and inventory and any risk of 
any provisions that could come across given it's 60% is also B2C for them? So, have 
you done your due diligence on that side or how is that? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes, Chirag, we have done due diligence on that side, and we are only taking over 
receivables up to 90 days or inventories which are good in condiƟons. 
Chirag: 
So, that has been sorted out. So, that is one. Second is just to understand, so for 
HIL brand or the Topline brand, who are the actual compeƟtors, are these smaller 
players your main compeƟtors, if you can just throw some light both for Topline 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
brand today, who are your key? I know everybody is a compeƟtor, in that sense, 
right from the biggies like Astrals and Supremes to the smaller ones. But from your 
perspecƟve, from today as well as from 2-3 years out, who are genuinely your 
compeƟtors or from who you are looking to win the business or gain market share? 
Akshat Seth: 
See, it's an interesƟng and a diﬃcult quesƟon, but maybe I will take the liberty of 
saying who are the people who inspire us. To that extent, they are the people that 
we track, follow, would want to emulate and would eventually want to beat. These 
will be the top four, ﬁve players in the industry starƟng from an Astral right up to 
Prince. There are good stories that they have charted out over the last couple of 
decades. For us as a younger brand and as a challenger brand, those are the goal 
posts to keep in mind. Otherwise, you are right, every micro market has a diﬀerent 
dynamic and the brands for diﬀerent product segments, there are diﬀerences that 
come into play. But when we look at what is the kind of model and scale that we 
would want to emulate, then these larger big brothers are the inspiraƟon to follow. 
Chirag: 
The second quesƟon was, while we talk a lot about margins, what is the thought 
process on return on capital employed or ROCE if I can use because industry again 
if you look at the listed player, the ROCE proﬁling occur all over the board, there 
are people who are in single digit to mid-teens and there are people who are 
consistently upwards of 25%, 30%. For a business like ours, how are you looking at 
return on capital for this combined enƟty, have you given a thought or it's sƟll work-
in progress? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think the thought is the following. Chirag, I think we have been interacƟng for the 
last one year. And for everyone else on this call, the ﬁrst and foremost objecƟve is 
to build scale. So, while there are conversaƟons, and rightly so around margins and 
return on capital and so on, we believe the path to proﬁtability comes through scale 
and hence the single-minded number one focus is to win on counters, grow market 
share, grow the revenue proﬁle. Having said that, the margins that I spoke about 
will lead us to return on capital and at a minimum level the threshold that we have 
even from our group, etc., perspecƟve is to be nearer the 15% to 20% mark. 
Anything less than that, over this period will not be in the direcƟon that we are 
seƫng for ourselves. But there is again I'm highlighƟng because we will keep 
interacƟng and we will keep meeƟng hopefully every second month. 
Chirag: 
My quesƟon was because 15% margin is a very high threshold and I was worried, 
would you be compromising growth for that? 
Akshat Seth: 
I'm saying 15% we will get to that level. Will we be there tomorrow? The answer is 
probably, ‘no.’ 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Chirag: 
But it would be fair to assume as an aspiraƟonal objecƟve when you achieve that 
revenue of Rs. 1,600 to 2,000 crore revenue is where you would like to seƩle at that 
number, is that the right way to look at it Ɵll that Ɵme it could be ﬂuid? 
Akshat Seth: 
Sorry, would you say that again, Chirag? 
Chirag: 
For your revenue aspiraƟon of Rs. 1,600 crore to 2,000 crore kind of a number that 
you indicated, the point where you are looking this 15% kind of margins, Ɵll that 
Ɵme it can stay ﬂuid, and focus will be on the revenue? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think the way I would answer is yes, all of these things should start looking in the 
right zone when we start hiƫng the Rs. 2,000 crore number, but most of them 
should start looking in the right zone, North of Rs. 1,500 crore. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last quesƟon of the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, everyone for joining, joining in. It's been a pleasure interacƟng with all 
of you over this call. Again, appreciate all of you joining at a short noƟce and joining 
us on what we feel is an important milestone for us at HIL. As I shared about a year 
ago when I took over this role, actually two things I spoke about. One was we will 
be pushing hard on the growth agenda. News like this should give all of you the 
conﬁdence and convicƟon that we are staying true to that commitment.  
The second thing we said was we will grow the non-rooﬁng, non-cemenƟƟous part 
of the business. With this acquisiƟon, that part of the business will now become 
almost 25% of our porƞolio and will inch towards the Rs. 1,000 crore mark, both 
are signiﬁcant milestones.  
So, thank you for joining for this important news. Please keep being interested in 
HIL, keep following us, keep sharing your inputs and thoughts. If there are any 
further quesƟons or you would like to know more about this transacƟon or HIL in 
general, please reach out to our Investor RelaƟons desk. Thank you so much and 
good aŌernoon, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of HIL Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcripƟon errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an eﬀort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensiƟve informaƟon 
was shared/discussed on the call. 
