 
 
 
 
 
 15th January, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Department. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai–400 051. 
Fax No. 26598235/8237/8347. 
Symbol: DELTACORP 
BSE Ltd., 
Corporate Relation Department, 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001. 
Facsimile No. 22723121/22722037/2041 
Scrip Code 532848 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call 
 
Ref:- Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find attached transcript of Delta Corp – Q3FY24 Post Results Conference 
Call held on Thursday, 11th January, 2024. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Delta Corp Limited 
 
 
 
Dilip Vaidya 
Company Secretary & Vice President- Secretarial 
FCS NO.7750 
Encl- As above 
 
 
DILIP N 
VAIDYA
Digitally signed by 
DILIP N VAIDYA 
Date: 2024.01.15 
11:48:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Delta Corp Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL MALANI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. MANOJ JAIN - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. PRAGNESH SHAH - VICE PRESIDENT (FINANCE) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KISHAN MUNDHRA – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY24 Conference Call of Delta Corp 
Limited hosted by Antique Stock Broking. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kishan Mundhra from Antique Stock Broking. Over to 
you, sir. 
Kishan Mundhra: 
Good evening everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I welcome you all to the post Q3 
FY24 earnings conference call of Delta Corp. 
Today, the company is represented by Mr. Anil Malani who is the CFO, Mr. Manoj Jain who is 
the COO, and Mr. Pragnesh Shah who is the VP Finance. 
Today's session would first be a brief on the Results by the management and would be followed 
by a question & answer round. 
With that, I would now like to hand the call over to the management. 
Anil Malani: 
Good day everyone. Welcome to Delta Corp Limited 3rd Quarter Results Investor Call. 
I would like to introduce you first to my team. I have Pragnesh Shah with me in Mumbai, Vice 
President Finance; Manoj Jain joining us from Goa – he is our Chief Operating Officer; and Anil 
Malani here. 
This actually is the first full complete quarter post the introduction of the new GST tariff and 
methodology introduced by the government. So, I am sure you guys have got several questions 
which need to be answered. We will be happy to provide all the answers with full clarity and to 
the best of our ability. 
The results have been declared and most of you would be familiar with that. So, without wasting 
any more time, we would like to take the questions from our investor fraternity. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
We will take the first question from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
As you mentioned that this is the first complete quarter after the new GST introduction, if you 
can broadly take one example of let's say Rs. 1,000 or Rs. 5,000 and help us understand how it 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
was charged earlier and how on the ground level now we are charging the GST and how much 
actually consumer gets to play. If you can take one example and help us understand? 
Manoj Jain: 
Just to understand your question, you said that how the GST was charged earlier pre 1st October 
and how it is charged in the third quarter which is basically effective 1st October we changed 
our GST method because the government introduced a new GST law. Correct? 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes. 
Manoj Jain: 
Let me explain to you and everyone on the call. Pre 1st October, the GST was obviously 
absorbed by us only and we used to pay 28% on our gross gaming revenue which was basically 
our table revenue, and we were paying 28% on an inclusive basis. It used to basically effectively 
cost us 21.875% of our gross gaming revenue. If we made hypothetically let's say Rs. 200 crores 
GGR which is the table revenue, we were paying 21% which is around Rs. 43 crores. Post 1st 
October, now we are supposed to pay 28% GST, not on the GGR which we are doing but on the 
sale of chips which we are selling. Just to take an example, if we are now selling, let's say Rs. 1 
lakh chips, then we are now liable to pay 28% GST, again on an inclusive basis, on Rs. 1 lakh. 
That again works out to Rs. 21,000. What is happening is now our GST is payable on the sale 
of chips, not on the gross gaming revenue. Our gross gaming revenue to sale of chips is around 
70%. Basically, our cost has gone up on that 30% additional which is basically the chips which 
were encashed by the players. On that 21% is our cost which has gone up. Effectively it works 
out to around 6% extra on our GGR, basically the GST cost. 
Dixit Doshi: 
You said GGR is around 70% of the chips sold? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes, GGR is 70% of our chips sold right now. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Basically what you are saying is that let's say if I come and play and if I pay Rs. 1,000, you will 
give me the chips of Rs. 1,000 and not net of GST. 
Manoj Jain: 
No, what we are doing now is that we realize that the GST cost obviously the player is not going 
to take because we did a lot of experiments in the months of October and November and what 
we did is that now we are basically giving full value of chips in which there are some promotional 
chips and there are full cash chips as well. Those promotional chips are given in lieu of GST, 
and players who are basically coming into our casino are getting actually the full value, but they 
have to compulsorily lose those chips on the table. That's how we are kind of recovering our 
GST costs. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Now this drop in the revenue on a year-on-year basis, is there an impact of GST or there was a 
license –  
Manoj Jain: 
There were 2-3 things which actually one has to look at in Q3 compared to Q2 or maybe Q3 last 
year that this year there was an impact of GST in the months of October and November. What 
happened is, because of that, a lot of people were reluctant to come and we were initially 
deducting 20%. Actually 21% was not possible to deduct. So, we were deducting 20% and giving 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
only 80% of the chips. That was initially in the months of October and November we were doing. 
And then apart from that, there was the World Cup which was going on, which also basically 
has always had an impact on our visitations. And apart from that, there's Diwali which always 
has been a lull period of almost a week to 10 days. That's the reason why we had an impact on 
our revenues. That's why our revenues were lower. But the interesting part which I can sort of 
tell everyone on this call is that December had a very good run rate, and it had the same run rate 
what we used to do in the previous quarters. We were back to our normal operation in the month 
of December. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh: 
Can you just share the visitation number and the net realization per visitation for this quarter and 
the same quarter last year so we will clearly understand the impact which has come through 
because of the newer regulatory norms? 
Manoj Jain: 
For our gaming operations in India for the December quarter, we had 124,000 paid customers, 
which was actually 4% lower compared to the previous quarter which was September. In 
September, we had 129,000 visitations and interestingly it was 6% lower compared to the same 
quarter last year. Last year, we had 132,000 visitations compared to 124,000 this year. Like I 
said, there was an impact and also I wanted to mention that there were a lot of people this year 
chose different destinations over Goa. People have gone abroad and all of that. And we could 
see that in hotel occupancy here and the general arrivals at the airports. That's why the visitation 
numbers were lower compared to previous quarter and the same quarter last year. I think GGR 
per visitation would probably be more or less the same, but that number we will get back to you. 
Pragnesh would probably get your details and will send you those details. 
Pritesh: 
You are saying as of now, the spends per head were similar. 
Manoj Jain: 
It is more or less the same but our visitations were lower. It hardly maybe probably 3% 4% or 
5% lower. And like I said, in the month of December, it has come back to the same sort of run 
rate. 
Pritesh: 
Sir, we would like to understand only for the quarter. Spends is same at the net level after GST? 
Or after GST, it has to be 6% lower, right? 
Manoj Jain: 
It has to be 6% lower because that is our cost which has gone up. So, what happens is usually 
the GGR is always calculated on the table which will be less by 6% because the value of the 
chips has gone down by 6% anyways. 
Pritesh: 
At the gross level, is it down by any chance? 
Manoj Jain: 
No. Gross level it will be down if the visitations are lower. On an average, the GGR would be 
more or less the same, but like I said, the visitations were lower. That's why we have an 
overall…. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Pritesh: 
Spends per head at the gross level is the same, right? 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes. 
Pritesh: 
Whatever is the difference is because of the GST impact of about 6% to 7%? 
Manoj Jain: 
Absolutely correct. 
Pritesh: 
6% lower visitations and about 6% lower net revenue, so about 12% lower? 
Manoj Jain: 
Correct. 
Pritesh: 
221 x 0.88, you come to about Rs. 194 crores of revenue, but you still have Rs. 181 crores on a 
YOY basis. So, is there any other explanation for the lower number? 
Manoj Jain: 
Let me check that how you are calculating. But like I said, we will give you the breakup if you 
want how it came down. There were a little bit of intra-group incomes also, which were slightly 
lower compared to this quarter and last quarter. 
Pritesh: 
No, I just did the gaming numbers. I just did the casino numbers. 
Manoj Jain: 
In casino also, there are some intra-group transactions which happen. That also was lower 
because there is some rev share we do for our offline business and online business. 
Pritesh: 
That's just a Rs. 2-crore differential number which I can see from your P&L. 
Manoj Jain: 
We will get back to you on that. Maybe I don't have those details here. 
Pritesh: 
My other question is, when will the license fee renegotiation happen? And, is there a scope for 
any reductions in the fixed cost by any methods in the future? 
Manoj Jain: 
Fixed cost obviously doesn't go down. That's the reason why it is the fixed cost. And as far as 
license fees is concerned, I am not aware if there is any conversation our head office is having 
with the government to reduce the license fees because the GST cost has gone up. That maybe I 
am not aware of it. Having said that, the variable cost has come down a little bit. If you look at 
it, the cost has not come down overall, but our variable costs came down because of the lower 
visitations. But that was kind of offset against our legal costs which went up in this quarter 
because of all the GST-related cases which are going on because of that. 
Anil Malani: 
I would just like to add here, Pritesh, that we are having conversation – multiple actually – on 
the license fees. But as you know, the government has suggested that they will review the whole 
thing after a period of 6 months. So, that's the time we are going to be taking up all the several 
other parameters that we need to relook into. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Anushree from Alpha Invesco. Please go ahead. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Anushree: 
I have a few questions around our CapEx plans. How much of the total CapEx of the new ship 
is pending? 
Anil Malani: 
The total outlay is roughly between Rs. 280 crores to Rs. 290 crores. About Rs. 175 crores has 
already been invested and the balance remainder will be deployed over a few months of this 
year. The project is on schedule and it is being built and it is taking up a good shape. 
Anushree: 
By when do you expect it to be done – the ship to come online? 
Anil Malani: 
It should be in the third quarter of this year, and hopefully we should either manage to get some 
revenue from that ship in the third quarter or definitely in the 4th quarter. 
Anushree: 
Another question being on the land that was purchased for the integrated resort project in which 
we have invested close to around Rs. 130 crores. What's the plan for that land now? 
Anil Malani: 
You're right, about Rs. 125 crores to Rs. 130 crores has been invested for the land. Another Rs. 
45 crores to Rs. 50 crores has been invested for various licensing and regulatory clearances that 
were required. For now, the project has been divided into 3 phases. The first phase probably 
would be the theme park which we are addressing. There is a proposal to look at that and whilst 
the overall project was slightly kept on hold to wait for the outcome of the GST which has now 
come, we are in the process of deciding to go ahead with phase I and subsequently phase II 
which would be a part hotel and retail, and the third phase would be all of the rest. That's the 
update on the integrated resort that we had planned. 
Anushree: 
The land-based casino is still under consideration for the project or not? 
Anil Malani: 
Not really. Now that the clarity has been received with respect to the methodology and how we 
are going to be charging GST, like my colleague Manoj had mentioned earlier, we have taken 
several steps and we have pivoted towards ensuring that we are able to retain our customers; 
they come back and they spend and we go back to our GGR pre the new tariff that was 
introduced. I think the current quarter and maybe one more quarter where we will probably go 
through these processes and we are pretty much confident that the quarter starting July, we 
should be back to our original revenues as was done previously. But the real growth would 
probably come in only after our new vessel comes into the river, because that's going to double 
our existing capacity. 
Anushree: 
And lastly sir, on our CapEx plans for the hotel in Miramar that we have, how much have we 
invested yet in the property and how much is still pending? 
Anil Malani: 
If you recollect that the project was actually meant to be a residential project. Subsequently, to 
complement our casino business, the company took a call to convert it into a hospitality project. 
Keeping the existing structure in mind, we have actually already spent about Rs. 190 crores on 
the project, which includes land cost. We are envisaging to spend another Rs. 175 crores to make 
about Rs. 450+ crores five-star deluxe hotel. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Anushree: 
The additional money that we are going to invest, is that to convert or modify it into a hotel 
or….? 
Anil Malani: 
Not really modify, but yes, to convert to a hotel because the original plan, like I mentioned, and 
which we had also explained earlier, was for a residential complex. So, there is a little bit of 
internal modifications that we will need to do to bring it up to the scale that we are expecting it 
to be. 
Anushree: 
What is the timeline for commercializing that property? 
Anil Malani: 
All going well subject to various approvals, we are looking at a timeline of about 18 to 24 
months. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Puneet Shah from Shah Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Puneet Shah: 
I just had 2 questions. What was the GST amount that was paid for this quarter? I think you used 
to give that number last time. This quarter if you can give that number. And the second question 
is, after October once we have had this entire GST implementation, how have our packages 
changed in terms of the kind of freebies or free chips that we give, bonus coins, or whatever? If 
you can just explain about these 2 things. 
Manoj Jain: 
How much the GST we paid for this quarter, that Pragnesh would be able to answer that because 
I don't know exactly all the numbers, but for offline business, we have paid additional around 
Rs. 7 crores to Rs. 8 crores extra GST we paid. But I think Puneet is looking for the total number. 
That we will give it to him. Now, Puneet, coming to the second part of the question, before 
October 1st, what we were doing is we used to have 3 F&B packages where we used to charge 
Rs. 3,000, Rs. 4,000, and Rs. 5000 and the difference between these 3 packages were purely 
liquor which we were offering on board Deltin Royale. And then, we used to have a weekend 
rate which was Rs. 500 more than the weekday rate. Also, apart from this, we used to have a 
gaming offer where the customer could pay Rs. 500 inside on board at the cage and get one-time 
promotional Rs. 1,500 chips. So, effectively, he is paying Rs. 3,000 to enter and experience our 
F&B facility, entry to casino was free, and he used to go pay Rs. 500 at the cage and get Rs. 
1,500 chips because we wanted him to buy the chips. That was a one-time promotional offer 
which was offered till 30th September. Come 1st October what we did is, we basically kept our 
rate as Rs. 3,000, Rs. 4,000, and Rs. 5,000 only and what we did is we removed this gaming 
offer of Rs. 500 to Rs. 1,500 because there was a GST which was paid on the entire Rs. 1,500 
worth of chips which we were giving and charging only Rs. 500. So, first what we did is we 
stopped that. And second, what we also did is, just to increase the visitation and having this…. 
We saw that there was an issue and people were not coming in the numbers. So, we were giving 
an offer of basically 10% discount on our website and call center for a committed booking. The 
rate remained the same – Rs. 3,000, Rs. 4,000, and Rs. 5,000, but you could basically get a 10% 
discount on the website and call center if you made a booking before coming to our jetty to enter. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
This is as far as package change is concerned. As far as the total GST liability which is basically 
this quarter versus last quarter, Pragnesh, you have the numbers, right? 
Pragnesh Shah: 
Yes, Manoj. It is Rs. 58 crores what we paid this quarter. And last quarter, we paid Rs. 50 crores. 
That is Rs. 8 crores extra we have paid. 
Manoj Jain: 
This is only offline, right? 
Pragnesh Shah: 
Yes. 
Manoj Jain: 
I think Puneet is asking for the entire GST paid in this quarter versus last quarter maybe. 
Pragnesh Shah: 
Online we paid Rs. 18 crores what we used to pay Rs. 6 crores last quarter. So, there is Rs. 12 
crores extra, but we were on GST front. 
Puneet Shah: 
Sir, one last question. If you can just give a broad understanding of how has the entire industry 
changed after this impact? How is the competition behaving? If you can just give a general 
landscape of how things have changed for the industry. 
Manoj Jain: 
We were obviously focusing on ourselves for this particular quarter and we being a leader started 
charging GST from the customer and then subsequent to that, we decided that let's just give the 
full value because we realized that a lot of our customers were not only going to the competition, 
they were also choosing to go to other destinations, which is like let's say Nepal or Colombo. 
So, we went back to 100% value. Competition, which is kind of…. There are small operators, 
not as organized as Deltin, there they were probably giving full value from day #1. 
Anil Malani: 
On the online space, prior to the new tariff that got introduced, as you all know, we were planning 
to do an IPO. During that particular phase, there were several plans that we had chalked out to 
ramp up the business. But once this came in, besides the IPO plans, all our marketing initiatives 
also were put on hold and a conscious decision was taken to make sure that the online space is 
as profitable, we should not be burning any money. The focus went back to poker which has 
always been our mainstay. And all the other initiatives like multi-gaming platforms, rummy, and 
various other games were put on hold. We believe all the online companies now are actually 
following the same format which is in some form or fashion, they are compensating the players 
who are putting a deposit in their wallets in full. This, we believe, is not a sustainable model 
because the difference hits your bottom line straight away. We expect some shakeout and 
consolidation to take place. We are waiting for that to happen. Once we get a little bit more 
visibility on how the competition is going to play out, that's the time we will probably take our 
steps and decide what further needs to be done in the online space. The online space is a little 
tricky and sensitive, and most of the players we do believe would run out of cash as no new 
funding is happening. 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question which is from the line of Bhavesh Patel from Patel 
Investments. Please go ahead. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Again, well done in the difficult situation. I have 2 questions and one is around the cases which 
are ongoing. On the GST demand for the prior years. And I am aware that maybe a Supreme 
Court hearing is upcoming and associated with Deltin is also there, Daman case which is almost 
there in terms of the decision but haven't heard anything recently. And the second is on the 
overall strategy of the organization and cash on hand because we have already signed up in terms 
of our real estate partnership and plan. If you can throw some light on this, it will be helpful. 
Anil Malani: 
On the retrospective tax issue, as you would be aware, all our cases are in the High Court for 
which we have received a stay. It is being fought by our legal team who believes that the claims 
are arbitrary and not justified in law. Over there, we will have to wait. And as rightly mentioned 
by you, it should be coming up for a collective hearing sometime next month. We are hoping 
that both the verticals are fought on different grounds, the casino separately and the online 
separately because they are different games. On the prospective tax collection, I think that clarity 
has come in. We are abiding and following the guidelines laid down by the department. Our 
current projects, two of them which are on stream, the new boat and the new hotel, these have 
been taken care of and will continue to be taken care of with our current cash flows. We may 
have had a small blip in the quarter that went by, but otherwise, the company quarter on quarter 
is throwing out cash and it will continue and that would take care of our current 2 investments 
which are ongoing. We have close to, post our investment of Rs. 100 crores in Peninsula Land, 
about Rs. 500 crores still sitting on our balance sheet for which we have treasury income coming 
in. So, there is substantial comfort in the cash flows and our reserves. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Just a clarification on the Daman casino case. 
Anil Malani: 
Yesterday or the day before yesterday, it was scheduled to come up. It was listed on the board. 
Unfortunately, it didn't come up. Now we are seeking for a date, and informally, we have been 
advised that some date next month we probably would be given. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Agastya Shah from Shah Research Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Agastya Shah: 
You gave the number for footfalls for the quarter. Can you also give it for the month of December 
and December of last year as well? 
Manoj Jain: 
For December last year, we had 50,278 visitations versus this year we had 46,329 visitations 
which is almost around 8% lower compared to the December last year. 
Agastya Shah: 
Can you also provide me the average gross gaming revenue of December? Both this month and 
the last year as well? 
Manoj Jain: 
Agastya, that we will have to share with you because I don't have that number often right now – 
the gross gaming revenue. What happens is now we have changed our methodology and removed 
the GST from our GGR. So, that will have to work out. Pragnesh will send it to you. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Agastya Shah: 
Also, I believe we had some offers running in December, but still we see an 8% lower footfall 
in December. Over the whole quarter only, we are seeing this or October was good but then 
October-November-December, December is the lowest amount of footfall? 
Manoj Jain: 
I will give you the numbers also. Like I said, we had an 8% lower visitation. That is mainly 
because last year December maybe because of the COVID and the revenge tourism, people were 
still traveling and coming to Goa, but this year, we have seen quite a bit of drop in people coming 
into Goa. The reflection is that for 26th, 27th, and 28th December, the flight from Bombay was 
as cheap as, Rs. 4,000 to Rs. 5,000 which usually go to basically Rs. 15,000 to Rs. 18,000. The 
visitation overall in Goa was lower compared to last year. In fact, if you could ask the taxi 
drivers, they were all saying the reason is that because of the GST implemented to the casinos, 
people are coming lesser in numbers in Goa. I don't know if that was one of the reasons or not, 
but yes, the overall visitation in Goa was lesser. But like I said, the interesting thing is that in the 
month of December, we went back to our original run rates. Maybe our visitations were lower, 
but our gross gaming revenues were more or less similar to what we otherwise do in a month. 
Anil Malani: 
Manoj, is it possible for you to give us a trend over the last year's January? 
Manoj Jain: 
January also, compared to last year, we are lower in terms of visitation for the first 7 days, Anil. 
I don't know the numbers, but they are definitely lower, more than 8% to 9%, but our run rates 
are good, touch wood. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, you said to a previous participant that from July, we will be back to our original revenues. 
Can you explain how exactly that would be achieved and what would be the sustainable EBITDA 
margins then? 
Anil Malani: 
With respect to the numbers, like Manoj mentioned, on a GGR basis as far as the customers 
coming in, we are actually more or less in line with that and the contribution per customer is in 
line with what they were spending in the past. Now this tourism issue with respect to less footfall, 
whilst I believe that Goa will continue to occupy a preferred destination for all Indians, this drop 
in footfall we are addressing and hopefully over the next few months, it should be sorted out. 
Just to give you an idea, the number of flights coming in from different locations have now 
increased to 29. They are expected to go up to 36 by the end of this month and so on and so 
forth. I don't have February-March figures. The average arrivals which generally is in the vicinity 
of 15,000 to 16,000 a month dropped to about 14,000 for the last weeks of December. And 
everyone is doing whatever they need to do to contribute to ensure that the footfall goes up. Our 
thinking is stemming from the fact that once the footfall comes back to its original numbers 
which were there pre GST, then we have enough ammunition with us and the marketing team 
on ground along with the operations team has got plans to make sure that the revenues probably 
will go up to the levels that we were seeing before. There is a GST impact as well as the 
promotional chips impact. So, it's going to be our endeavor to ensure that the revenue increases. 
And whilst we are running nearly at full capacity, there is also a plan to slightly change the 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
demographics of the players that come in to ensure that their contribution towards GGR is 
maintained at a higher level. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Also, if you could comment on your EBITDA margin sustainability, what would be the 
sustainable EBITDA margin levels then? 
Manoj Jain: 
I think we will be able to maintain 35% to 36% EBITDA margin. We were at 41% EBITDA 
margin. We see that additional 6% to 7% hit because of the GST and like we said that most of 
our costs are fixed costs, so at a steady level with the current capacity, I think we will be able to 
go back to the original EBITDA margins, less by around 5% to 6%. We will try to compensate 
by generating more revenues because if we get more revenues, we will be able to obviously add 
to straight away EBITDA because like I said, it's a fixed cost business. Having said that, I think 
like Anil mentioned, the next level of growth will come from the new ship which will come soon 
in the operations. The margins will have an impact of only GST – there is nothing else – because 
our costs are predominantly fixed. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, one more question. With regard to the GST demand, can you comment on the possibility of 
the government ordering any freeze on accounts or any adverse actions that they can take? 
Anil Malani: 
Really unable to comment on that, Rishikesh. The matter is sub judice. Whatever the outcome, 
we will have to wait and watch. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rehaan Phophalia from Sicomoro. Please go ahead. 
Rehaan Phophalia: 
First of all, thank you for the transparency on the changes in the business and the numbers 
provided. That really helps in understanding the way forward. What I wanted to understand was 
the plan with Peninsula Land. What kind of geographies are you targeting and what projects 
would you be looking at? And if you could also provide some kind of timeline? 
Anil Malani: 
The real estate sector currently seems to be in an upswing cycle. Peninsula have actually been 
the pioneers and among the first companies to introduce luxury living and commercial spaces. 
We do believe that they went through some issues, but have now managed to come out strong 
and have cleaned up and have a robust balance sheet. As Delta is concerned, we have been in 
the real estate play much earlier and we have executed projects and exited profitably. So, we felt 
that there are definitely synergies which lie between the two companies, one which has got 
execution skills. The other one being us, where we have got some reserve funds lying with us 
and we would like to deploy it into quick projects. When I say quick projects, probably it would 
be redevelopment projects and small projects which can add value, not long gestation projects. 
And this can be considered as a slight diversification program from our side. We are not 
completely sure how this is going to play out, but we are confident that we will be able to, and 
the whole objective is to build a strong real estate brand. As you are aware that our current 
promoters have real estate in their DNA, we have seen an opportunity and we are just going to 
go by that and hopefully turn it around. At this point in time, what revenue it is going to add to 
our top line, we really can't say, but we are hoping that it does become significant because after 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
our expansion plans in the casino and hospitality space, there isn't really any scope for further 
expansion because the casino business is primarily limited to the state of Goa and it has a small 
presence in the state of Sikkim. Beyond that, we don't see really any opportunity. The integrated 
resort, yes. Like I said, phase I which is a theme park which again also happens to be a real estate 
play. We are going to be executing that and then subsequently we will take it from there. 
Rehaan Phophalia: 
Could you help me with what you mean by quick projects? If you can just give me an example 
of something that has been done in the past or by any other builder? 
Anil Malani: 
We are looking at small redevelopment projects. There are a few offers and proposals which I 
can't disclose right now with Peninsula Land. We have been strategically evaluating them. We 
expect permissions to come in between 6 to 9 months and a quick construction and delivery by 
anywhere between 18 months to 2 years. Hopefully, the end-to-end exercise should be within a 
period of 3 years. We are looking at an IRR of anywhere between 25% to 30% since there will 
be no cost of land involved in this. 
Rehaan Phophalia: 
And what kind of geographies are you looking at? 
Anil Malani: 
Primarily it's going to be the island city of Bombay. I think we are looking at south and central 
Bombay. There are a few proposals in Goa also, where we have our strength. So, to start with, 
it will be between the 2 cities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Patel from Patel Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
The next question is, have we seen any uptick in our Nepal casino considering that India GST 
has gone up? And any other plans now? If you are finding that challenging in India, then maybe 
even Sri Lanka we have put it on hold? 
Manoj Jain: 
As far as Nepal casino is concerned, it's doing well. But we can't look at any other jurisdiction 
now because the FDI rules and ODI rules don't permit us to invest in any casino outside the 
country. Those opportunities are not there anymore for us. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
But existing can continue is what I am hearing. 
Manoj Jain: 
Yes. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
And then there were some plans to monetize land. I don't remember correctly, but whether it's 
Sri Lanka or even South Africa, whether we have made any progress on that and our another 
Advani Hotel stake? 
Pragnesh Shah: 
Bhavesh, as far as the Lanka land is concerned, we already sold that land. We already encashed 
that value. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Anil Malani: 
And as far as Advani Pleasure investment is concerned, there is no real requirement right now. 
It's there in our books. We can monetize it any time. I am sure when the right opportune time 
arises, we will take that call. That investment is to the tune of about Rs. 125 crores. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Karan Mehta, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan Mehta: 
I just have a few questions related to our real estate business. Firstly, why have we adopted the 
dual investment strategy in this business by investing in Peninsula Land Limited as well as 
investing in the JV? 
Anil Malani: 
That's a very simple transaction actually. We have bought in a small stake in Peninsula Land 
Limited and subsequently we will form a JV for which we will have a majority stake. Peninsula 
will put in their contribution; we will put in our contribution. We felt that this structure works 
best for both companies. So, that's the decision and thinking behind this whole investment. 
Karan Mehta: 
Is this the only vehicle through which we are entering this business or are we planning to 
collaborate with other experienced industry players as well? 
Anil Malani: 
As far as our foray into real estate is concerned, this JV will be the vehicle. The other established 
and reputed brands are very large. They don't really need funds from us. They have got their 
own projects online. Peninsula has in the past executed projects and they have a small pipeline 
of projects which would be there. And we were thinking of capitalizing and monetizing together 
with them on that. That's the whole purpose, and we do definitely distinctly see value in this. 
Karan Mehta: 
Sir, regarding our capital allocation strategy in this business, how will it be for the next 3 years? 
And what will be the peak investment in this business? 
Anil Malani: 
The peak investment would depend upon the opportunity that arises. Right now, we don't really 
need any debt. We have got enough cash in our balance sheet. The current business is throwing 
up cash. It is taking care of all our investments. If there is a safe opportunity that does arise and 
the IRR is lucrative and mouth watering, we will definitely plunge into it. 
Karan Mehta: 
Any rough guidance like how much can that amount be for the next 3 years? 
Anil Malani: 
We are starting off with the investment of about Rs. 250 crores in the JV. Then we will see how 
it plays out. And if and when needed, we will take a call then. But for now, that's the amount 
that we have earmarked. 
Karan Mehta: 
Lastly, on the Goa land project phase I, will the amusement park also have a casino? 
Anil Malani: 
No, that's going to be a water theme park. That's not going to have a casino. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhaval Dama, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Dhaval Dama: 
My first question is regarding the ship. Sir, over the last 6 quarters, we have consistently seen 
both the timeline of the ship being stretched out more than what it was initially communicated 
to investors and even the absolute amount increasing significantly. If you were to look at just 
the con-call of our company 6 quarters back, the amount is more than Rs. 100 crores higher what 
you are saying today. Can you please clarify how has this amount increased by so much? 
Anil Malani: 
The ship currently has got 5 floors and it has got 1 under-deck. When we embarked on this 
project, we had not envisaged for it to become so large. We were focusing on it to just replace 
our smallest vessel. Subsequently, when this clarity on GST came out and the proposal was to 
tax on sale of chips, we decided to slightly tweak the ship in terms of facilities available on it. 
We have added some more retail space; we have added some more space for retail players. We 
are going to have shops in that. We are going to have a salon in that. There is a food court which 
has been planned. A lot of features have been added to that. This resulted in a slight delay. And, 
as far as cost goes, I don't think it has gone up too much. I don't recollect on the last call what 
was the amount mentioned. But based on the new budget that has been prepared and accepted 
by the board, we seem to be on track for that. The ship will also have the largest space available 
for any outdoor event that can take place in Goa, which actually has been. I am not talking about 
events like sunburn, but if you are going to have an offsite party where you get about 800 or 
1,000 people, this vessel will be able to take care of that. Besides being an entertainment 
destination, it will also be an F&B destination. It will have areas for children. There is going to 
be a games arcade, there is going to be retail shopping, and of course, enough area for gamers to 
come in. There are a lot of new introductions in terms of features which we have learnt over the 
last 15 years running our current 3 ships, which we have introduced in this ship. Keeping all that 
in mind, we have just run into a little bit of a delay and then the vessel being built in a remote 
location like Hangarakatte in Udupi also has added a bit to the execution process. 
Dhaval Dama: 
Sir, secondly, I am not able to understand the strategic view of the company and I will put a 
question in a way that on one side, all you are saying is that the hit from new GST regime is only 
some 6% to 7% and obviously with the revenues going up, you will be able to make up a large 
portion of that margin hit with revenue increase. But on the other side, the company now is doing 
everything under the sun. We are building a hotel which we were not in earlier. We are not 
putting up a new casino; we are making it a water park. We are putting now a lot of theme things 
in our ship, and we have also invested in a real estate company now. We seem to be looking at 
more opportunities outside thinking that this business might not do well. But in this business if 
the hit is only 6% to 7%, why is the view of the company like that? 
Anil Malani: 
In case you have got the wrong inference, as far as our casino business goes, it's extremely robust 
and extremely resilient. We are actually going to decommission one of our smallest vessels and 
the new vessel that's going to come into the river is going to be equal to twice the current capacity 
that we have. So, we are doubling the capacity. That only goes to show the faith in the business. 
We can't do anything more to increase capacity because we have 3 vessels and there are 3 
licenses which have been issued to us and no more licenses will be issued. So, in terms of 
increasing capacity with the existing vessels, I think we peaked out. The new ship that comes in 
and the capacity, that will hold us into good stead for the next 3 to 5 years in terms of churning 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
out revenue because what we are doing right now in the new ship is we are going to add double 
capacity. You can imagine what the revenues will grow up to. As far as the hospitality sector is 
concerned, the more capacity we create for our vessels, the more capacity we will need to have 
in the hospitality space. Currently, we have a 106-room hotel which over the weekend is 
completely sold out to all our players. Now, with the new ship coming and new capacity being 
doubled, we would at the bare minimum require about 200 to 250 rooms. Whilst we are happy 
to pay for the rooms outside, there are some weekends where in spite of what you want to pay, 
you won't even get rooms. If that happens, then we are unable to invite our guests, which means 
it has a direct impact on our revenue. So, all that we are doing is basically to grow our casino 
business. You are right on the fact that the impact is only a small percentage and that is here to 
stay, but with doubling the capacity, that would be completely overlooked. And I don't think we 
will have an issue with respect to increasing our margins the way Manoj explained. 
Dhaval Dama: 
Sir, the last question is, did I hear you right when you said that our GGR to gross buying of new 
chips is only as high as 70%? So, essentially people lose almost 70% of what they buy? 
Anil Malani: 
Before this tariff was announced, you would be free to come in, buy any amount from our cash 
cage, let's say about Rs. 10,000, and you could play in any zone on any level. And depending on 
the outcome, you could freely go and exchange those chips from the cash cage. To give you an 
example, if you bought Rs. 10,000 worth of chips and you came back with Rs. 5,000, you would 
get net Rs. 5,000 back in your hand. The system has now changed. If you buy Rs. 10,000 right 
now, we will deduct the TDS and give it to you. And if you come back with any chips, you are 
not going to get a refund. That's not something that I am dictating; that is something which is 
the law. So, what has happened where people would buy amounts and probably at the end of the 
day go back and change have decided now to control their purchases. So, they buy in a smaller 
lot and as and when they spend that and if they need to buy more, they buy more. Therefore, the 
_____53:47_____ (whole percentage to a drop) has gone as high as 70%. And it's just simple, 
logical that you won't do that. And the same fundamental applies to our online business where 
people are now controlling the deposits that they make because you have to straight away pay 
28% on the deposit. That's where the irony lies. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anil Malani: 
To sum up and provide some more clarity on our businesses, as far as our casino business is 
concerned, I think we have demonstrated, we are demonstrating, and we are pretty much 
confident that after maybe next quarter or maybe 2 quarters, we would be back to where we were 
performing. The growth in the business will come in after the new ship comes in, and we are 
pretty confident that we will be able to excel and deliver revenues in expectation with what we 
have been doing in the past. The online business currently is a wait & watch. We are definitely 
expecting some shakeout to take place and we are hoping to reap some benefits out of that. The 
current ongoing projects are well taken care of and they are only going to add to our revenue. 
The new ship and the new hotel which is going to complement our gaming business, that's going 
to further have substantial cost savings and that is going to directly translate into profits into our 

 
Delta Corp Limited 
January 11, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
P&L account. The integrated resort project which was currently and temporarily put on hold, we 
are looking at breaking it up into phases, and we are looking at starting the water theme park 
which is a portion of our entire outlay. So, the total project that we had envisaged in terms of 
hotels, retail, convention center, multiplex, and the theme park remains intact. But we start with 
the theme park. And with respect to our overall financial health, I think we are in a comfortable 
position and we have healthy reserves in our balance sheet and we don't foresee any hurdles 
coming our way. The investment that we have made into real estate is a well-thought-of 
investment and we are pretty confident given the fact that we have had experience in this that 
we will be able to add great value to our investment in Peninsula Land. 
With that, I would like to conclude the summary of our business and for the next couple of years 
the way we see it. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. We 
thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
