 
 
 
 
Date: 31st January, 2024 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter and nine 
months ended on 31st December, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Tuesday, 23rd January, 2024 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended on 31st December, 2023. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Vice President (Legal), Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
AJAY PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
AJAY PRATAP SINGH 
Date: 2024.01.31 
12:51:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 23, 2024 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the 
Q3 & 9M FY24 earnings group conference call. Please note that all 
participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question. 
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q3 FY24 and to answer your 
questions, we have the management team of Sona Comstar. Mr. Vivek 
Vikram Singh, MD & Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr. Sat 
Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline 
Business; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head - Investor 
Relations; and Mr. Pratik Sachan, GM - Corporate Strategy and Investor 
Relations. I will now hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks and 
presentation. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil, on behalf of Sona Comstar. I welcome all of you to the 
earnings call for what has been our best quarter ever in terms of EBITDA, net 
profit, BEV revenue, BEV revenue share as well as order book. But first, as is 
our policy when talking to our owners, shareholders, we will begin with the 
challenges.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
So first, off highway market particularly in India has been weak and 
production declined further in the last quarter. Given our high market share 
in this segment, this has affected the sales of our differential gears and 
differential assemblies to this market.  
Second, aggressive discounting by a few EV two-wheeler companies has 
temporarily disrupted the EV two-wheeler market and its market shares, 
which has affected some of our customers’ sales, thereby impacting on the 
sales of our traction motors in Q3. We expect this to continue for a few 
months, but we believe it is unsustainable beyond that. 
Third, the Red Sea crisis, while the current impact on our operations is 
negligible. If the crisis continues, we expect adverse effects due to the longer 
shipping time, higher freight costs and increased inventories.  
Fourth, we lost about ₹25 crore of revenue in October due to the UAW strike 
impact in the United States. However, the strike is now over, and this 
production loss will partly reverse in the current quarter.  
The good news, as is usually the case, far outweighs the bad. So, in financial 
terms, we achieved our highest-ever EBITDA and net profit, despite marginally 
lower sequential revenue, we have also introduced a new product that 
should improve electric powertrains for EV two-wheelers, and we will cover 
this in detail later.  
As the calendar year has ended, we got new Ricardo estimates and as per 
them, we have increased our global market share in both differential gears 
as well as starter motors in 2023.  
In terms of markets, the European light vehicle market has strongly recovered 
this year. 2023 was also positive on a YoY basis for the US market and things 
continue to look good in both of these markets. The Indian market has been 
mixed across the three segments that we serve and will likely remain volatile 
over the next few quarters.  
On the ESG front, we continue to make progress on all our sustainability 
targets. And I'm very happy to report that we reduced the emissions intensity 
of our operations by 10% over last year.  
Q3 of FY 24 was also one of our best quarters for business development. We 
won five new BEV programs, and we closed the last quarter with an all-time 
high net order book. Three of the new BEV programs won are for three 
innovative and unique powertrain solutions, which, more than anything, 
reaffirms our position as technology leaders in the products that we make.  
Lastly, from where we stand today, and what we see from where we are 
standing based on customer schedules and a strong order book, we are 
certain that electrification will continue to drive strong growth for us in the 
immediate, in the medium as well as the long term.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Slide 5: 
Now, coming to the numbers, revenue grew by 13% while EBITDA and net 
profit increased by 22% and 24%, respectively. This is because our margins 
improved due to operational efficiencies, better product mix and lower 
material costs. EBITDA margins have now been higher than our usual long-
term range of 25 to 27% for the last five quarters running. So, I guess I must 
comment on this, and I have to add that we expect this to stay above 28% 
in the near term. Coming to BEV revenue, it grew by 28% in absolute terms to 
the highest that we've ever had 222 crore, while the BEV revenue share 
increased to an all-time high of 30%.  
 
Slide 6: 
Coming to the nine-month figures, we have increased our revenue, EBITDA, 
and PAT by 19%, 32% and 34%, respectively. As I mentioned before, since this 
is the end of the calendar year 2023, we got our global market shares 
calculated. Our starter motor market share improved from 4.1% to 4.2% as the 
Europe and the US markets, where we have higher market shares have grown 
faster than Asia. Our market share in differential gears has grown from 7.2% 
to 8.1% of the global volume. 
Just to add some perspective here, this increases the equivalent of adding 
around one-third of the entire Indian car market to our market share in just 12 
months.  
 
Slide 9:  
Now, our first strategic priority, electrification. In this our BEV revenue share 
has increased from 25% in the first nine months of FY23 to 28% for the first nine 
months of FY24. Our BEV revenue in rupee terms has grown by 31% to over 
₹6.1 billion in the nine-month period. The growth in BEV revenue for us has 
been more than double the growth in non-BEV revenue, with EV traction 
motors and EV differential assemblies being the fastest growing product 
segments for us this year.  
We continue to build on our EV order book and in Q3, we have added five 
new EV programs and two new EV customers. There are three new driveline 
program additions, two are for existing customers in the North American BEV 
market which I'll elaborate upon in the next slide and one is for the domestic 
electric off-highway segment. There are also two new motor programs for us, 
both for electric two-wheeler makers in India and while one is a new 
customer, the other is an existing top-five e-Scooter maker.  
 
Slide 10: 
So yes, we want to highlight these three new EV events where we'll supply 
three of our new or recently developed products, which is always one of the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
most key criteria for us as we move along in our journey, that how many more 
branches can we open up into our revenue growth. 
So, the first one on your left is the EV order we won from a new customer. It's 
an Indian legacy OEM of ICE and electric two-wheelers. We have developed 
a new product, an integrated motor controller for the customer's high-
performance electric motorcycles. It's a unique design, and I'm very, very 
proud of our engineering team for having done that so quickly.  
The second one is the spool gear. You may have heard about it in our earlier 
presentations as well for the electric SUV of a global OEM of electric vehicles. 
This is an existing customer; we will supply these spool gears for the three 
motor architectures of the customer’s most advanced and perhaps the 
highest-torque SUV. This win has come after a year of joint hard work between 
our customers and our engineering teams. And it will be one of the highest-
torque products ever made for electric SUVs in the world. This program will 
begin serial production in the current quarter itself. So that's a plus.  
The third is the EV order we won from another existing customer, North 
American New Age OEM of high-end electric cars. Last quarter, if you recall, 
we won the order to supply a rotor-embedded differential sub-assemblies for 
this customer. And now we've been awarded the Epicyclic Geartrain and 
Rotor Shafts as well. This win is kind of proof of how we are growing our content 
in a car by developing new products in adjacent areas of our focus area. 
Now, these three wins also demonstrate our capabilities to offer solutions to 
customers for all types of BEV powertrains. I mean, if the customer is looking 
to innovate and have a product-based differentiation, we are clearly the 
partner of choice for this, and this is the advantage that I think we've been 
talking about for a while that a technology led company like ours has over 
those companies who build to print for standard parts.  
 
Slide 11:  
With these new wins, we now have 53 EV programs across 30 unique 
customers. Exactly about a year ago, I think this number was 41 programs 
across 25 different customers, which means in the last year, we've added 12 
new programs and five new customers.  
 
Slide 13:  
As I mentioned in my opening statement, Q3 was also one of our best quarters 
for business development. And on the back of the five new EV programs I 
mentioned and the seven new non-EV programs, the net order book has 
increased by 9% over the previous quarter to reach an all-time high of ₹240 
billion. The proportion of EVs in the order book has also grown to 79%.  
 
Slide 15: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
With this I come to the fourth KRA, diversification. Now, the strong demand 
recovery in Europe in the first nine months means that the revenue share from 
hybrid and micro-hybrid has been higher than in previous years. This trend of 
increasing electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues 
unabated, and this year, we've seen the ICE-dependent revenue shrink to 
only about 10%. 
 
Slide 16: 
Coming to geographies, North America remains our largest end market 
contributing to 39% of revenue. And this is despite the negative impact of the 
UAW strike that I spoke about earlier, the European market was the fastest-
growing market, attributing 25% to our revenue. India remains our second 
largest market, and its revenue shares remained stable at 29%.  
In the product mix, the charts changed a little after the NOVELIC acquisition. 
We've added a new segment called Sensors and Software, which is small at 
the moment; it's just about 1%. But we hope to add to this as we go along in 
our journey. The fastest growing segments in products for this year have been 
EV Traction Motors and EV Differential Assemblies, although Differential 
Assemblies here seem to have come down by a percent. It is more the off-
highway differential assembly business that has lagged, not the EV differential 
assembly. Differential gear, of course, has also grown quite strongly and this 
reflects in the changes in the product mix where you see that it's gone up 
from 32% to 33%.  
In the end market or market segment mix. We've added a new segment, 
Semiconductors and Embedded software. This is to reflect the non-product 
or the services revenue that we do in NOVELIC. The weakness that I 
mentioned in the off-highway demand has resulted in the share of non-
automotive revenue declining from 12% last year to just 10% in the first nine 
months of this year. 
Having covered this, I turn to our group CTO, Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, to update 
us on the technology front. Over to you Sir. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 18: 
We have been making the mid-mount drive motor and low-voltage inverters 
for two- and three-wheelers. It's two separate products so far. This quarter, we 
have added a new product to our product portfolio, which is an Integrated 
Motor Controller. With this development, we have come a step closer to 
developing an integrated drive unit, the e-Axle, that we show on our 
technology roadmap.  
Slide 19: 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
The integrated motor controller, distinct from a separate motor control and 
controller setup, has several key aspects. It offers our customers matchless 
advantages, and this slide shows some of them.  
Number one compact design. The integrated unit combines both motor and 
controller into a single compact package, leading to a smaller overall 
footprint.  
Two, simplified installation and maintenance. Because with integration, the 
complexities involved in connecting and configuring separate motor and 
controller units are significantly reduced. This simplification can lead to easier 
installation and maintenance since there are fewer connections and 
components to manage.  
Three, improved efficiency and performance. Our integrated system is 
designed to optimize the interaction between the motor and the controller, 
leading to higher efficiency and better performance. This is due to the fact 
that the controller is finely tuned to the specific characteristics of the motor.  
Four, reduced wiring and connectivity issues. Since the motor and controller 
are contained within the same unit, the need for extensive wiring and the 
potential for connectivity issues is greatly reduced. This also enhances 
reliability and reduces electromagnetic interference, which is EMI issues.  
Five, cost-effectiveness. Due to reduced installation time, lower maintenance 
cost and improved energy efficiency, the overall cost of ownership of the 
new product is much lower.  
Six, customization and optimization. The integrated unit can be more easily 
customized and optimized for specific applications. We can design these 
units for a particular application of the OEM, ensuring that the motor and 
controller are perfectly matched for the requirement.  
Next, aesthetic and space considerations. Our integrated unit has a more 
streamlined and aesthetically pleasing design. It's particularly advantageous 
in applications where space is at a premium since it occupies less room than 
a separate motor and controller.  
Eight, thermal management. In our integrated unit, thermal management 
has been more efficiently addressed since the system is designed to handle 
the heat generated by both the motor and the controller in a unified manner.  
Next, communication and diagnostics. Our integrated unit comes with 
advanced communication capabilities, allowing for better diagnostics and 
monitoring. This includes real-time feedback on performance, predictive 
maintenance, and more sophisticated control strategies.  
Finally, ten, functional safety. This new product is a high-integrity system that 
meets rigorous safety standards and follows best practices in software 
development processes for the automotive industry. This ensures both 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
functional safety and quality management in its design and implementation, 
making it reliable and suitable for critical applications.  
So, in conclusion, our new integrated motor controller unit offers a compact, 
efficient, and easy-to-install solution with improved performance, safety and 
reduced wiring complexities compared to separate motor and controller 
systems. 
On that note. I hand it over to Rohit to cover the financial update. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thanks, Mr. Deshmukh. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to share 
our third quarter and nine-month results for FY24 with you. 
 
Slide 21:  
In the third quarter of the year, our revenue grew to ₹777 crore, which is a 
year-on-year growth of 13%. Compared to this, the underlying industry growth 
was 11% in our key markets of North America, India, and Europe.  
Our BEV revenue grew by 28% to ₹222 crore, and it constituted 30% of our 
overall sales for the quarter. In terms of EBITDA and PAT, it was yet again our 
best quarter at 227 crores of EBITDA and 133 crores of PAT, showing a growth 
of 22% and 24%, respectively.  
Growth in EBITDA was higher than revenue growth, primarily due to better 
operational efficiency and lower input costs. EBITDA adjusted for ESOP cost 
under the newly approved ESOP scheme of 2023 comes to ₹233 crore, and 
if we were to look at adjusted EBITDA growth, it was 25% year on year. 
Similarly adjusted PAT at 137 Crores is higher by 28% year on year, primarily 
due to higher EBITDA. 
 
Slide 22: 
Coming to the nine-month results on a year-to-date basis, our revenue for 
nine months grew by 19% to 2,300 crores against 14% growth in our key 
markets of North America, India, and Europe. Our BEV revenue grew by 31%, 
and it now constitutes 28% of total sales. Against 19% revenue growth, our 
EBITDA grew by 32% to 654 crores, and PAT grew by 34% to 369 crores. Growth 
in EBITDA was higher than revenue growth, primarily due to better product 
mix, operational efficiency, and lower input costs. EBITDA adjusted for ESOP 
costs, as I have just spoken about for the quarterly results, it grew by 33% to 
661 crores.  
Our PAT adjusted ESOP cost and exceptional expenses in the previous 
quarters grew by 37% to ₹380 crore, mainly due to growth in EBITDA margin. 
The exceptional expenses were on account of the acquisition of NOVELIC. 
 
Slide 23:  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
Coming on to our key ratios, we have seen an improvement in our return 
ratios, primarily due to an improvement in our margins. Our working capital 
turnover ratio has also improved due to better efficiency in the working 
capital.  
Our VA/Employee Cost and net debt to EBITDA ratios are largely similar to the 
March level. Whereas the fixed asset turnover ratio is slightly lower due to 
higher capitalization during the last nine months.  
Slide 25: 
This brings us to the last slide in our presentation, which is on ESG update. So, 
this is the first time we are providing you with an ESG update. So, we have 
recently published our second sustainability report, and it's available on our 
website. I would like to share the key ESG highlights for FY23 with you.  
The first one being, we've been rated by Sustainalytics as a low ESG risk 
category with a score of 14.4, which puts us in the top 9% of more than 15,800 
companies rated by them.  
On the environment front, as Vivek mentioned earlier in his comments, we 
have improved our energy intensity per rupee of revenue by 10% and water 
intensity by 2%. Our Gurgaon and Manesar plants have won silver medals in 
the India Green Manufacturing challenge this year.  
Coming to the social aspects, we were certified as a Great Place To Work in 
2023 for the first time. And in fact, we've been recertified in January of this 
year again as a great place to work with a higher rating than last year. As 
part of our social initiatives, we are also incubating startups innovating for 
sustainability in partnership with IIT Delhi and IIM Ahmedabad. To our other 
initiatives to provide sanitation and other facilities to school kids, we have 
positively impacted nearly 5000 student lives.  
On the governance side, the highlights include winning the Golden Peacock 
Award for corporate governance in 2023. In terms of board structure, we are 
going beyond what's been mandated for us. So, we now have five 
independent directors and two women directors in an eight-member board. 
The promoter of the company holds the office of chairman in a non-
executive capacity, which is also not so common in the Indian listed space.  
So, these were the key highlights on the ESG side. With this update, we have 
now come to the end of our Q3 earnings presentation, and I'll now hand the 
proceedings back to the Nomura team for Q&A.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We are now at the Q&A session. If you wish to raise the 
question, please use the raise hand function located at the bottom right of 
your Webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you to speak or you 
may submit your questions via Q&A chat box addressing to all panelists. 
Please be reminded to keep your question to a maximum of two questions. 
If you have more questions, please return to the queue. Thank you. We will 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
now go on to the first participant, Jay Kale. Your line is unmuted. Please go 
ahead with your two questions. 
Jay Kale:  
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a decent set of margins. My first 
question was on your integrated motor controller. If you can little speak about 
how has been the journey in terms of the product approval? How much time 
does it take to get this kind of product approved? And what is the pathway 
to you know, you've spoken about this getting adopted in a premium 
motorcycle. What is the pathway to get adopted in the more of a mass 
market product going forward? and if you can answer this first question, I'll 
get back for the second.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. Thank you, Jay. Mr. Deshmukh, I think you'll be best placed to take it. 
You or Sat could take this one. I just wanted to add as an aside that almost 
30% margins are more than decent. 
Jay Kale:  
No, absolutely. That's frankly excellent margins, it was an understatement, I 
agree. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Mr. Deshmukh Sir, you are to talk about the product development process 
and approval. 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Yeah, so this goes to, I mean in the automotive industry, there is a process of 
approvals, testing and validation by the customers. Typically, it takes its own 
time. But in this particular case, and today with the electric vehicles, this cycle 
time is much shorter, but still, this is a traditional two-wheeler manufacturer in 
India. So, it did take its own time, and this is a work which has been going on 
for the last almost three years that we started working on this. So, in terms of 
timeline, you can say this. But now having developed this product, we can 
quickly develop products for different applications, because this is a sort of 
modular design that we have developed. Having said that, to address your 
second question about the mass manufacturing, again, it depends on the 
layout and the space constraints that the particular vehicle requires, typically 
mass produced, two wheelers have hub wheel motors. This particular 
application is for mid mount motors. So, there are certain differences 
between, for specifically applying this particular motor for a mass 
manufacturing. Mass manufactured 2 wheelers, will not be reality because 
the type of motor which is used there is quite different. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Adding to that, and I think Sat can add further, the same concept can be 
applied to a hub drive motor also. But you can understand that this has to be 
led by the customer's requirement and demand because when you're 
redoing the powertrain of a vehicle, you are in a sense, redesigning the whole 
vehicle itself. So, you have to start from scratch and then say, what would an 
ideal electric two-wheeler look like? And that's the stage at which we 
typically get involved. But Sat you can shed some light on the applicability of 
integrating motor controllers, not just for mid mount but for hub wheel as well. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Yes, I mean, it opened up a lot of opportunities to read across some of the 
learning what we have on mid drive and integrated motor controllers on our 
motor technology. And so, it can be useful for motorcycles as well as scooter 
operations. And also on the timing, one point is, I mean it also depends how 
much validation and what's the development stage the OEM is and how 
much validation they would like to do before they go to SOP and based on 
our experience, I mean, that time is very, very different between OEMs and 
the amount of validation each and every OEM does to validate the product 
and it's not only the validation of the motor controller, it's the complete 
vehicle validation they do. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Jay, you have a second question as well? 
Moderator:  
Jay, you have your second question? No, I think he is just muted himself. Kapil, 
Can I go to you, Kapil? 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah, sure. Thanks. So, I also wanted to check on this margin guidance. You 
know, we have changed the guidance or increased it to some extent from 
the earlier range of 25%-27% to 28%. If you could just talk us through the 
factors, why have we done this? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So as in all things, we go by data, five quarters, if your guidance is not true 
and if you are doing more than what you said, you should revise it upwards. 
So that's the real reason. We don't see, so why we said 4-5 quarters if you go 
back actually and read our transcript, I think about four quarters or five 
quarters ago, I said that I think it is going to stay above 27%. So that's kind of 
held true for four or five quarters. Most of it Kapil, is material price. So, we have 
seen enough of these cycles to know that when material prices, especially 
steel, copper, start going up, your revenue grows much faster than your profit. 
And when the reverse happens, your profit grows much faster than your 
revenue, which is the natural cycle. So, it's more a percentage thing, and we 
don't see any indication of steel going up to where it was in 2021 etc. anytime 
soon, which is why for the near term, we will hold to it. If it changes, of course, 
we will also change. As they say, when intelligent people are presented with 
new data, they change their opinion. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure. If you could also talk about, you know, the profitability profile of your 
business, the way things are shaping up. Is that also something that has 
contributed to this margin view? Because you know, we've heard some 
concerns that for example, some of the motor business could be less 
profitable. So, some of your thoughts on this would be helpful.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes. So obviously all products are not alike, all customers are not alike, and all 
markets are not alike. There are low margin products, there are low margin 
markets and then low margin customers. And it is a mix. As a management 
team, your job is to balance it and try to solve for absolute profit growth. The 
percentages frankly are an outcome and that's what eventually at the end 
of the quarter is what you realize that that's what it is and then you try to 
explain it. We don't try to set out to do that, the solution or what we are solving 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
for in the equation is how can we sustainably grow our absolute profit at a 
rate that we want while not taking any decision that affects us in the long 
term, because all of these decisions have a bearing which is very large in the 
4 to 5 year period. So that's the goal because see eventually, if you do 
discounting of price, you can do growth, you can optimize growth while 
sacrificing a little bit on margin, you can maximize margin by sacrificing 
growth. So, it is a balance that you have to play. I think we are fairly versed 
with it now and we continue to play that, these ups and downs in market 
segments will happen, they are out of our control. So, let's say like this quarter, 
I said that there are two weak ones, Electric two-wheeler market is a lower 
profit segment market and that our customer sales are lagging. So that is also 
a contributing factor. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, and I had one more question on the bus opportunity. We have recently 
read a lot of news flow that the Indian government is quite keen to increase 
the EV bus adoption in India and there are, you know, various kinds of orders 
being discussed as the news flow. As far as you are concerned, you have a 
tie up with Equipmake for bus motors, right? So just in terms of how this 
opportunity is likely to evolve, what is your view? What kind of discussions are 
happening with OEM’s if at all, just some views on that would be helpful. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, so as you would have seen in our presentations also for the last three 
years, we've always maintained that the two segments that are likely to 
electrify fastest in India are electric three wheelers and electric bus. Just 
because of the way the industry is structured, it's an economic asset. And if 
you run it for more than five or six hours, the payback is far faster in an electric 
vehicle than an ICE vehicle. So just economically sensible to switch and we 
believe in that opportunity. Electric three-wheeler, I would say we are moving 
very fast, and we've done very well. We already have a few orders. In bus, 
we had partnered with Equipmake to develop, test, validate and launch 
those products. We are still on that journey. We haven't reached that journey 
that we can go offer it to customers. Sat, you can add on where we are and 
when it is likely that we can start seeing some revenue from that segment. 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Thanks, Vivek. As far as the bus motor and controllers are concerned, 
Equipmake design. We are right now in the validation stage of those motors 
because we need to tune those motors for Indian conditions. And our launch 
is in the last quarter of calendar 2025 or the first quarter of calendar 2026. So 
that's what we are targeting to work on it. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, I think there's a follow up question from Jay and then we can take some 
from the chat box as well. 
Moderator:  
All right. Thank you, Jay. Thank you, Kapil. Jay, we are now going back to your 
second question. 
Jay Kale:  
Sorry. I wasn't able to unmute earlier. So, my second question is regarding of 
course, you know, in an inflationary scenario you had mentioned about your 
top line getting benefited, but that was an empty sale kind of a thing. And 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
now with the deflationary scenario, you know, we've had a 13% odd revenue 
growth, how much of that would be because of that deflationary scenario. 
Or maybe if you can just split between volume and the reversal of that empty 
sale? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Oh, that's, that's hard to do. Because we don't do it. It has very little, see all 
analysis, especially for management, at least, has to have some purpose. If 
an analysis does not lead to a specific or actionable output, it is not very 
meaningful. The fact that steel prices have gone down has led to, you know, 
price that was empty sales as you correctly said, how much we haven't really, 
I think, tried to figure out. Rohit you, you may have this answer. I certainly 
don't.  
Rohit Nanda:  
For the quarter this impact was around 1% I would say. 
Jay Kale:  
OK, understood. And just on your electric two-wheeler side, you mentioned 
about, you know, pricing pressures, sorry, volume pressures for some of your 
customers in the third quarter because of the pricing actions by many of the 
competitors. How should one look at you know, the supplier profitability in 
that context going forward. I mean, you did mention about this continuing 
for the next few months but then reversing, but is there an incremental 
pressure on the pricing of suppliers because of this so-called price war? and 
in that context, with our cost structures and our efficiencies, does this also 
provide an opportunity of a little bit of  you know, market share gains if at all 
or consolidation of the traction motor market with more efficient suppliers 
getting larger share with better cost structures? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  The very short answer is no because, Jay I think there's a lot of recency bias 
in the way we analyze information. This thing that has happened is only about 
one and a half months and at max it will go on for three months. Sat, just told 
you about how we develop a product with a new customer, took over three 
years to develop and launch it. These are longer items and in the automotive 
industry, especially if you're doing critical items like the motor or any 
powertrain or the drivetrain part, you are playing what are essentially long-
term, long-term objectives with other long-term plans. These things don't 
happen in haste, no one is coming to us and talking about pricing for motor 
etc. I think everybody knows that this is not sustainable, these actions and 
they will not be there for too long. Cash burn has never been a great strategy 
for the automotive market. I mean, history is replete with examples of people 
who tried and failed at this. But yes, we will wait and see. So far it has affected 
volumes for us but no other impact. Sat, you want to add to it, like what 
you've seen or heard? I don't think our customers have even brought this up 
to be honest.  
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
No, I mean, it's not a discussion actually, either with our customers or with our 
suppliers because I mean, most of us, are in the automotive business for so 
long. So, we understand these ups and downs. it's very normal. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, none of us actually in the industry, talk in quarters, right? We all talk in 
years and quite a lot of time is like 7 to 10 years is the conversation you have. 
Because let's say you get a source on any project, the model will always run 
for 5 to 7 years and then you have to keep spares, etc. to supply the vehicle 
park. So, you are entering into almost a 10 to 15 year marriage type of 
situation with the customer. Thinking in quarters does not lend itself well to the 
way our industry is structured. 
Jay Kale:  
Sure, great. This really helps. Thanks, and all the best. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Jay. 
Moderator:  
Yes. So, we're going on to the next participant. Her name is Gunjan Prithyani. 
Gunjan, your line is unmuted, please go ahead with two questions.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Trying to understand from the next 12 to 18 months perspective, this is there is 
this increasing, you know, narrative that EV at least excluding China seems to 
be slowing down a bit, hybrid seem to be the new, you know, sort of 
increasing their share within the global, you know, in Europe or US. In that 
context, you know, is it something that you can comment a bit on? You know, 
do you see a similar trend when you are having conversations that some of 
these new EV models that we were hoping that would kick start the next 1-2 
years get pushed out, you know, what are we seeing on EV? And then, you 
know, hybrid, are we seeing that in the motor part of the business? And also, 
if you can cover the India outlook, there's certainly been some moderation. 
So, I'm just trying to get some color from you across segments. You know, how 
are we approaching more from the next 1 to 2 years perspective?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, Gunjan, thank you for the question. The EV slowdown seems to be 
clearly a case of narrative trumping data, but it's OK. I'll answer it. EV sales 
grew by 31% last year in the calendar, which is not slow. And the similar 
question I remember, we were asked at that time, we weren't public, so I was 
asked by my board in 2020 to 2019 was 40% or something, and then the year 
after that, it went up by 120%. So, in the longest journey, what at least from 
tracking this for the last eight years, what I've realized is, this is very linked with 
localized market dynamics of two things. One is government policy and the 
second is new model launches. So, if you were to look at those two things, 
one, let's say, first, let's start with the North American market, that's our largest 
EV market so we study that far more than any other. In that, on these two 
data points. The first one is the $7,500 tax rebate that has come into effect 
from 1st January itself. And that is our point-of-sale rebate. So, it's not like a 
tax refund that you claim and get it later, you can get it immediately. So that 
should be a good push for EV. For plug in hybrid is $3,750 half basically of that 
amount, both should do well. I don't think it is applicable or extended to other 
forms of hybrid vehicles.  
Second, on new model launches, we actually did look at the program 
launches of 24 and 25 across automakers. The number of EV I don't remember 
the exact number, but it's 70 to 75% of the new model launches are EV. So 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
yeah, one, like I said, from where we stand and what we are seeing and what 
we are listening to our customers and looking at the schedules that we have 
already received for the next couple of quarters, we are certain that 
electrification will continue to drive, for us, the growth in the immediate, in 
the medium and the long term, for us that's pretty clear.  
The second part of your question is actually far more hard to answer, which 
is the Indian market. It's quite mixed. So, I will take it in three segments, 
passenger vehicle, commercial vehicle as well as the off highway. So, 
passenger, I don't know, but it looks decent, and I'll use Jay’s word, decent. 
It is a plus but plus not very much right, commercial vehicles are holding but 
our past experience and from what we sense, I think it is, it is going to decline 
in 2024. And then we come to the off highway which has already been weak 
for the last couple of quarters, and it is weakening further.  
So that's the weakest of these segments, commercial vehicles, I mean, 
Gunjan, you've also been tracking this, election years just before election, it 
is always a bit of a tough quarter, when government spending etc. is highly 
linked to especially the bigger, bigger tippers and construction type of thing. 
So, we will see, India is looking in the three markets that we serve. the weaker 
of the three, the weakest of the three.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
What would be the best, North America? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  North America is best in terms of value and volume for us. So yeah, that's the 
best. Europe's done a fair bit of recovery. But that's happened, some of that 
has played out last year, so Europe would be second and then I would say 
India. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, got it. No, this EV thing is good to hear from you, Because I mean, it's been 
something that we keep hearing that it's, you know, it's adoption 
incrementally is slowing down. Honestly, we are like far away from what's 
happening on the ground. So, you see the production schedules better than 
us, so good to hear that.  
My second question is on the motor, you know, it clearly looks like you know, 
quite compact design. I'm just trying to understand, was it driven more from 
the perspective that we need to bring the cost down for the you know, for 
the electric two wheelers or this is, you know, is there any, from a performance 
perspective does it change anything? I'm trying to understand, you know, 
what led to this, you know, sort of redesigning of the motor powertrain. And 
if it is a cost reduction, can you share what sort of cost reduction it is versus 
what we were doing earlier on the more high-performance motors. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so Gunjan, this is a new customer and a new program for a new 
vehicle. So, there is no comparator to what other things we are doing. Cost 
is certainly better because you are packaging, instead of having two 
separate items, motor and motor controller, you put it in one. Mr Deshmukh 
covered a lot of advantages, but I would say if this has to be customer led, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
right? Because you are changing the way the motor will be placed and 
changing the way the entire vehicle's powertrain is designed and how it is 
going to interact with each other. There are many technical advantages. 
Technically, I would say so, yes, there are commercial advantages, but 
technically the advantages are far, far greater. The biggest one being 
thermal management. See if you have both motors and motor controllers, 
any power electronics item also has a heating issue and all of us have 
experienced that, right? Any electrical or electronic thing heats up, how 
quickly you draw out heat from any system is directly proportional to how 
efficient it is going to be, delta temperature upon delta time is basically how 
you improve efficiency in electromechanical systems. Now, this does that far 
more effectively because you have combined the thermal management 
into just one unit. That's a big one, second communication earlier, you had 
all these wires connecting a controller to the motor. Now it's in one.  
So communication is far more compact, serviceability will be much better, 
lots of benefits, and in hindsight now that we've done it with our customer, 
we realize that why didn't everybody think of it? Actually, this is one of those 
products that should have always been designed like this in one unit that it 
makes sense. But yeah, I hope other people will also kind of try and do this 
and at least for the newer models, you can't do it in running models. It's much 
harder but with newer models, people should look at this.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok. Got it. Just very last one, I'm slipping in, any update on PLI that you can 
share? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Our PLI internal champion is Rohit Nanda.  
Rohit Nanda:  
So Gunjan, there is progress but nothing to report as of now. So, like 
everybody else, we are also in the queue. The approval process is on, that's 
all I can share with you right now. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
OK. Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator:  
We will go to the next participant, Sabyasachi Mukherjee. Your line is 
unmuted, please go ahead with your two questions. 
Sabyasachi:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes Sabyasachi, you are. 
Sabyasachi:  
Hi, So Vivek, first thing I wanted a clarification. I joined a bit late. Did I hear 
you correctly that there was a 25 crore revenue loss in October-23 that would 
get deferred to Q4? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Correct. But I said partially, let me, I think I said some of it shall partially reverse 
in this quarter. 
Sabyasachi:  
Ok. Got it. Next would be, if I look at the, you know, the order book and the 
past order wins, many of the programs are scheduled to get, you know, into 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
production in H2 and some of them in Q4 of FY24. and a large program of 
electronically locking differential for the electric SUV that we won in third 
quarter of last financial year that was I think supposed to get operational in 
H2. So how are we you know, in terms of readiness, are these on track getting 
into operation? So, just wanted an update from you.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Sabyasachi, well, thank you for following so closely.  But yes, all of 
them are on track. Actually, some of them are slightly ahead of track, which 
is obviously making Vikram's life a little hard. It is a lot of work. So, when a lot 
of new programs launches come at the same time, operationally, it becomes 
a lot of time from engineering teams, production teams. So yeah, we are 
running six days, sometimes seven days, very little sleep, etc. But yeah, it's all 
good. It's all good. This is a good problem to have. That's good. 
Sabyasachi:  
Great to hear. So probably a good reduction of your reply to that would be 
we should see a good ramp up in revenues from Q4 onwards. Is it a fair 
understanding? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  You know, we don't give forward guidance, especially that near term. But 
also let me just put a caveat in these things, right, when a product launches 
and the ramp starts, if you're making 100 a week or 1000 a week, that 1st 100 
or 1st 1000 will take far more energy than six months later when you're doing 
10,000 a week. So, it has started, all of them are on track and they are on 
track as per customer production schedule is all I can say.  
Sabyasachi:  
Got it. And lastly, you know, if I look at your breakup, of the EV programs that 
we are currently having 53 programs out of that 10 is fully ramped up, 15 is in 
the ramp up stage and, another 28, 5, of course, we have, we have got this 
quarter which is yet to be, you know, kind of get into production. So, you 
know, out of this, let's say, if I exclude the 10 programs which are already fully 
ramped up, we have around 43 programs in the next, let's say, 1 to 2 years. 
How are you, you know, foreseeing how many programs will probably get 
into a fully ramped up stage. any, any broad color on that would be helpful?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, most of them, most of them, very few are actually as long lead as the 
one that we won right now. Most of them should in calendar year 24 and 25, 
yeah, most will ramp up. Pratik, you want to add some better color? 
Pratik Sachan:  
Yeah. Yeah, that's correct. So, most of them will ramp up in 24 and 25 and I 
think there are one or two programs which will ramp up later, maybe by 26.   
Sabyasachi:  
Got it, that's all from my side and, and all the best. Thank you.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Sabyasachi, thank you for attending. 
Kapil Singh:  
So, we have a few questions from the Q&A chat box. I think you referred to 
this one, but in case there is anything more to share, can you please talk 
about the impact on supplies due to geopolitical tensions around the Red 
Sea? Is there anything more to add to it? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Not really? I mean, it's a little early. We are a management team that is fairly, 
fairly watchful and active. So, we have secured some of these things already 
because if you don't go on winter break and you're actually in office on 2nd 
January it's easier to get containers booked, etc. So, it's not much for now. 
But as I said, if it continues and it becomes like a problem for two months or 
something, then we can't even guess right now because we saw that 
happen in 2021. Because it doesn't go, there is no linear logic to it. It suddenly 
will start shooting up and then availability is not there because of that. If you 
add roots, yeah, the working capital costs will go up. Shipping time can even 
go up from 10 to 20 to 30 days. It's very unpredictable how it will all play out. 
The biggest impact would be our deliveries to Europe. But even for some of 
the ones that go into some of the North American, they use that route. So, it's 
hard to say it will be negative, which is why we brought it up and shared it as 
a challenge already if it continues. Right now, it's negligible as an impact. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok. Then there is one more question if you could share updates on the 
NOVELIC business as well as the product development update with 
Equipmake. I think Equipmake you already talked about.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, I think Equipmake we discussed even the timelines and NOVELIC it is 
going well. As all of you know, when you have a smaller company integrated 
into a large public listed company, there are a lot of different systems and 
processes and setups, quarterly audits that we are doing. So, we're doing 
three things.  
One is to ensure that engineering services revenues continue to be stable or 
grow.  
Third is, pivot this business into starting to make products and any of the 
product opportunities that we are chasing could be anywhere between half 
of their current annual revenues to 1.5 times annual revenue, even one 
project if you win.  
So that is an endeavor that's also going on in parallel. And so, these three, 
yeah, all three are happening, early days, first quarter. A lot of growing up to 
do in a lot of things; and over time, I believe we will have some positives to 
share. But just the shear opportunity size is so immense, I mean, the 
technology is so wonderful that anything you hit, I mean, if you look at the 
four or five big ones we are chasing, they are transformational at least for 
NOVELIC. I know in the overall scheme of things with Sona Comstar revenue, 
it might not be a big thing. But for NOVELIC, it will be a fairly large thing, 
anything that we will. So, it's all going, it's been four months since we've been 
doing this, and it is a wonderful learning experience for them also I hope, it 
has been wonderful for us at least. 
Kapil Singh:  
And then one more question we have is on you know, we updated the vision 
statement in the recent quarter to valuable mobility companies. We detailed 
a lot of opportunities including aerospace, etc. Any homework we have 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
already started? What percentage of revenues will we foresee that will come 
from this new area in say next 2 to 3 years? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Did we though? I don't think we detailed out, I mean, I have a very decent 
memory but yeah, we just said that mobility, it could mean anything that 
moves, the core thought of it comes from just this simple, simple logic that 
anything that has motion or propulsion would need a motor and a gearbox, 
which are the two primary things we make. If it is an intelligent motion device, 
it would have also sensing as well as the intelligence to process it. So, sensors 
and software will be required. That is the reason and if you refer back and 
Pratik if you can go to that slide which has a product of market segment 
revenue, the mix. 
So if you look at it, it already has, I mean, automotive traditionally, if you look 
at how ACMA or SIAM defines itself as passenger vehicle, commercial 
vehicle, two wheeler and three wheeler. That today is 89% of our revenue, 
currently, non-automotive, which is industrial, farm equipment, tractors and 
the services business is about 11% of our revenue. This will continue to grow. 
How fast, when will it become 20-30? We can't say, it is an endeavor. We are 
at a very early stage of it. We just changed it last quarter. As I mentioned 
before, this is not a company or a business that changes on a quarterly basis. 
These are businesses that are run by long term people for long term 
objectives. So if you say that, oh, we have intention to get into aerospace, 
unless you're an acquisitive company that just goes and buys another 
aerospace company or something, it's not going to happen immediately. It's 
a statement of intent. Anything that we do takes 3 to 4 years minimum. So 
again, if anybody's expectations are that things will overnight change, they 
won't, this is slow, deliberate and very, very well thought out plans that will 
take years of effort and dedication to execute. We are seeing some early 
wins but for them to be meaningful enough to match our ambitions, they will 
always take time.  
Kapil Singh:  
Sure Vivek, and one, just one last question from my side, I wanted, you talked 
about the outlook for India in terms of various segments, but I specifically 
wanted to touch upon the electric vehicle outlook for domestic segments 
like passenger vehicles and three wheelers, you know, what kind of 
opportunities are coming up in those areas because you know, it's still a very, 
very small segment and new models we know will be coming up in 2024 and 
2025. So how do you see that shaping up from a Sona Comstar point of view? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, we fundamentally believe that the three-wheeler opportunity is almost 
absolute, like in four or five years, all of it will become electric and it is a 
decent value segment for us. We have, I think, three programs already. We 
want to be a meaningful player in the electric three-wheeler. We also think 
that in the electric light commercial vehicle segment, anything below four 
tons we believe should get electrified sooner rather than later. And in the next 
five years, we'll see a lot of action in it. Almost, most of our existing product 
R&D efforts in the motor area are directed towards that, because higher 
voltage and higher kilowatts, both endeavors are on and both of them 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
should find a very good and ready audience. The motor one obviously is a 
far higher voltage architecture for the bus so that I'll keep separate. But three 
wheelers’ immediate and actionable and it is happening as we speak. So 
that's urgent.  
Passenger car, it's still slow. I hope it takes off, but believe in genuinely that 
unless something fundamentally changes in battery tech and batteries 
become far, far less expensive, it is hard to go to double digit penetration 
anytime soon. Yes, by 2030 economies will scale, designing pure EV platforms 
will happen. But if you want it to happen fast in the next three years or so. Lot 
has to happen in battery tech. And the good news here is there is a lot 
happening in battery tech.  
So, for those of you who follow battery technologies, I would recommend 
reading this if you can get your hands on the Bernstein report on battery 
strategy roadmap 2023. And you look at what people are doing in either 
electrolyte space where gelatinous or solid or lithium metal, LFP everybody 
knows about, and sodium ion, there is a huge opportunity that we could go 
even to 60 - 70 dollars per kilowatt. And that, that can change the game. I 
mean, if you have batteries that go down by 20-30% which are 40 to 50% of 
the cost EV suddenly become cheaper than ICE. That tipping point when it 
will come is hard to predict as it is with any technology but will happen in the 
next 5 to 6 years.  
That's our belief that we've been working on for almost eight years already. 
There is this thing we had presented, and Tony Siba I had done the study by 
Rethink X Institute on how much time it takes for new technologies to 
overpower dominant technologies. And this study goes back to examples of 
200 years ago. So, Anthracite coal versus bituminous coal, digital camera 
versus film, motor car versus horse. So many examples. Once any penetration 
of a new technology reaches 10%, it usually takes about 15 years from that 
point for the dominant technology to get reduced to single digit. Now, that 
happened for EV, somewhere around 2021 that it crossed 10% for the first 
time. So, by our calculation, by 2036, EV will be 90% plus of the total market 
and in which I include, Gunjan’s point plug in hybrid, as long as it has a motor 
and a battery and a charger for us, it is the same thing and the battery will 
be the biggest change in this. I know I'm taking a long time on this, but this is 
a subject I'm very passionate about. So, Thomas Edison, I don't know if you 
know this Kapil, but in 1908 there were more electric cars in America than ICE 
cars, right? The electric car actually precedes gasoline or the internal 
combustion engine. And Thomas Edison in his notebook had written: motors 
- easy to solve, running gears – solvable, control systems - can be done. And 
then he wrote battery and he put a question mark. For a very long time, 
almost 90 years, we could not figure out battery out, and this smartphone, 
this is actually the mother of the modern electric car. The lithium-ion battery 
made it possible for electric cars to be viable again. Now that is not stable, 
that is not the final form of the battery. We have already seen it come from 
$200 plus to almost $100 now. The day it goes below 100 and it goes to 70-80. 
That's the day this paradigm will completely shift. I think it's near, there are lots 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q3 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
of companies doing interesting research, Quantum Escape, North Volt, CATL 
is doing a lot of good work in this field. So, follow that, again, we are also 
reading, this is not something we do ourselves. But this is the market we keenly 
study. At that point is when the Indian market turns because India will be a 
cost sensitive market in value terms, we are still only about 1% of the world 
auto market. If you take our passenger vehicle market. For that market to 
suddenly electrify, the cost has to be solved. It has not been solved yet. It is a 
very long-winded answer. But again, this is a subject that I've been studying 
for nine years, but this is what I do. 
Kapil Singh:  
No, thanks. That was very insightful.  Thank you so much to the team from 
Sona Comstar as usual, it's a pleasure to host you and to the investors we 
have come to the end of this call. Thank you, so much and good evening. 
Do you have any closing remarks Vivek?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, thank you. Thank you as usual for those of you for making time. I know it's 
slightly late for some of you to have attended. But yeah, I hope we can 
continue doing well and thank you for attending. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thanks, everyone. Have a good day. We can close the call. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
