 
December 26, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Stock Symbol: JBCHEPHARM 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts call  
 
Ref.:  Disclosure under regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed please find Transcript of Conference Call which was scheduled for Investors 
and Analysts on December 22, 2023 at 2.30 p.m. IST in relation to the Company’s entry into 
the ophthalmology segment. The same will also be available on the website of the Company 
www.jbpharma.com.   
 
We request you to take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep Phadnis  
Vice President – Secretarial  
& Company Secretary 
 
Sandeep 
Anil 
Phadnis
Digitally signed by Sandeep Anil Phadnis 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=8434, 
pseudonym=108F69E4E868E4C1147674C1
3B2684AC9CDD8E36, 
2.5.4.20=715f7603f235e5d1d74002aec03d
24cf432efd8296e6e1c3c0c80534a90c098e, 
postalCode=411038, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=CC500FDD638E71336FC58B
204E2BA05EA7C4ADE49B8FE438E8F254C3
00DEC735, cn=Sandeep Anil Phadnis 
Date: 2023.12.26 17:49:59 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
JB Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Conference Call Transcript 
December 22, 2023 
 
This transcript is published as is what we have received from our 
vendor who manages the conference call. We would request you to 
go through the audio recording in case you want to reconfirm 
anything that has been mentioned in the transcript 
 
 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Conference Call of JB 
Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Limited hosted by the Company to discuss its entry 
into Ophthalmology. This call is on the 22nd of December 2023. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jason D'Souza - Executive Vice President at 
JB Pharma. Thank you and over to you. 
Jason D’Souza 
Thank you Yashasree. Good afternoon and welcome everyone to the conference 
Call of JB Pharma to discuss the company's foray into ophthalmology. 
We have with us today Nikhil Chopra - CEO and Whole-time Director and Kunal 
Khanna - President Operations at JB Pharma. 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and 
uncertainties. I would also like to state that during this call, we will entertain questions 
only pertaining to the Ophthalmology acquisition and we would not be able to answer 
any other questions. 

 
Page 2 of 7 
With this, I would like to hand it over to Mr. Nikhil Chopra to begin the proceedings 
of the call. 
Nikhil Chopra 
Thank you, Jason and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for 
joining us on today’s call. 
As you are aware, JB Pharma has entered into a trademark agreement with Novartis 
Innovative Therapies AG in perpetuity for select ophthalmology brands portfolio for 
India region. This is effective only January 2027 following the consideration of USD 
116 million, which is payable on or before December 31st 2026. The transaction also 
includes a promotion and distribution agreement with Novartis Healthcare Private 
Limited for the same brand portfolio for 3 years commencing December 2023, a 
consideration of Rs. 125 crore is associated with this. 
I am excited with the development as it positions us at JB well within the 
Ophthalmology segment and the overall market. Not only does this deal enable us 
to raise 2 ranks in Indian farmer market, most importantly, JB enters the fast growing 
Ophthal segment and is now ranked among the leading players in this segment. Five 
of the brands are number one in its molecule category as many of you would have 
seen in our investor presentation and four brands are in top 3. The molecule 
segments are growing in a range of 10 to 20%, which is faster than the IPM growth. 
As per IQVIA MAT October 2023 data, the combined sales contribution from the 
portfolio was at around Rs. 207 crore. 
As a therapeutic segment, Ophthalmology has consistently outperformed IPM and 
thus sits right within our objective of having a diversified high potential high growth 
product mix domestically. This portfolio helps us step into the growing segments 
such as anti-glaucoma, anti-allergics, antibiotics and NSAIDs within ophthalmology. 
At an overall level, you will acknowledge that Ophthalmology itself is the third fastest 
growing therapy in IPM with the 15% three-year CAGR. 
As there are numerous reasons why we believe that the acquired portfolio will 
complement our growth agenda well as India is home to a large and expanding pool 
of patients that require continued eye care and there is a rising awareness around it. 
We are also witnessed to enhanced infrastructure and diagnostic for eye treatment 
combined with the advancements in surgical techniques, eye surgeries have become 
more accessible. The government trust in the area is under key driver. 
I would now like to touch upon how this agreement impacts us favorably across 
multiple aspects of business. The strong brand equity follows for higher IPM even in 
short term, which will be complemented by absorption of Novartis field force, and we 
have plans to further expand the footprint. Friends, post grant of Perpetual License, 
which happens in December 2026, January 2027, this acquisition is gross margin 
accretive. I would like to share that the operating margin profile here will be 
significantly higher than our domestic business margin posts the grant of Perpetual 
License. All in all, this complements the outlook we have on business. With this 
strategic agreement, JB Pharma now has the portfolio of leadership brands within 
Ophthalmology underlying our emphasis on growth through our powerful brands. 
On that note, I conclude my opening comments. We would now like to open this 
forum for our interactive session for the next 15-20 minutes and I will be happy to 
respond to all your questions on the announced transaction. Thank you all for patient 
hearing. 
Moderator 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
a first question from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 3 of 7 
Harith Ahamed 
First questions on the September MAT face value that you that you have disclosed 
of around Rs. 208 crore, so how should I think about the primary sales for modeling 
purposes? Is it in line with this Rs. 200 odd crore number? 
Kunal Khanna 
Harith, the way to look at it is all the external market reflection is PTR and one can 
look at a normal margin profile between the distributor, retailer and the company. So, 
in that sense it is consistent with what the margin distributed to the channel is. 
Harith Ahamed 
So, one of the reasons why I asked this question is because when I checked the 
AIOCD MAT value it is significantly lower number? 
Kunal Khanna 
Yes, so basically from the PTR, just kind of deduct the distributor margin and you will 
have a sense of what the primary numbers are. 
Nikhil Chopra 
For reference point is the way we look at we follow IMS-IQA number, so that will be 
a good reference point. 
Harith Ahamed 
You talked about the gross margin and operating margin for the acquired portfolio 
after we execute the Perpetual License Agreement, which I believe is in Jan 27, so 
until then, under the promotional distribution agreement, how should we think about 
margins, especially gross margins typically for licensed products is seen around 20 
or 25%, 20 to 30% range, so is it going to be similar? 
Kunal Khanna 
The way to look at this is the gross margin profile in the short term for the interim 3 
years will be very similar to the conventional in-licensing margins, which exist in the 
industry. Overall, what we are looking at is absolute EBITDA, cumulative EBITDA of 
close to Rs. 75 to Rs. 100 crore over the next 3 years after which the operating 
margin profile, as Nikhil stated earlier also will be significantly higher than our 
domestic business margins. 
Harith Ahamed 
And lastly, when I look at the growth profile of this acquired portfolio over the last 
couple of years basis, the numbers that you disclosed the IQVIA MAT these numbers 
if it is around 10% now, if I look at our acquisitions in the recent past, we have 
managed to turn around these acquired brands and accelerate growth, so should we 
look at a similar acceleration here versus the last couple of year’s growth of around 
10% and does that mean there should more MRs to be added to achieve that 
growth? 
Kunal Khanna 
So, we are certainly looking at boosting this business and acceleration of the historic 
growth rates. The way to look at this is we are quite certain as we absorb the current 
field force and expand on the footprint in the near term, we should be looking at mid-
teens growth over the near to midterm. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nitin Gosar from BOI 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gosar 
Just wanted to understand how should we look at the agreement the way it has been 
drafted in two parts, so is there any obligation with regard to patent or something 
which is stopping us to buy out the brands upfront? How should we think about it? 
Kunal Khanna 
There is no obligation with respect to any patent as far as Perpetual License is 
concerned. One has to understand that these trademarks which have been acquired 
are global trademarks what would be kind of as part of their overall global ophthal 
divestment process is individually divesting in different geographies, right. The 
organization was more comfortable in handing over the perpetual license 3 years 

 
Page 4 of 7 
hence, to be clear about what the global implications could be and that is why the 
grant is effective 3 years from now. 
Nitin Gosar 
Second is with regard to understanding the agreement or the arrangement over next 
3 years were Novartis still has the ophthal team or does JB also continues to add or 
build up ophthal team alongside of Novartis team? 
Kunal Khanna 
So, for this particular ophthal portfolio, which we are acquiring from Novartis, we are 
absorbing a team of close to 100 from Novartis. Over the next 12 to 18 months, we 
will be evaluating on expanding that footprint. The current number which we will be 
absorbing from Novartis stands closer to 100. Over the next 12 to 16 months, we 
can look at increasing this into 130 to 140. 
Nitin Gosar 
And P&L implication of the same because we are onboarding the cost of those 
employees, so we will have the cost sitting in our books, but we will continue to get 
gross margin which are similar to the in-licensing one? 
Kunal Khanna 
That is right. Since we will be absorbing this manpower, it will have impact on our 
manpower cost, but given that we are looking at gross margin, which is in line with 
the conventional in-licensing margin profile and as stated earlier, even for the next 
three years, cumulative EBITDA will be somewhere close to Rs. 75 to Rs. 100 crore. 
One has to understand that YPMs, the productivity per rep in this business is very 
high. So, one does get a significant fixed operating leverage and despite the lower 
gross margin profile, one is still EBITDA accretive. 
Nitin Gosar 
And last one, are there any milestones which could be required to be achieved to 
close this deal or this deal is now casted and there is no change in the valuation 
profile as well going forward? 
Kunal Khanna 
This deal is pretty much casted, no change in valuation profile. It is just the nature of 
the deal given some of the global dynamics that for the first 3 years we have an in-
licensing agreement and post that there is a Perpetual License grant. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Abdul Kadar from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdul Kadar 
Sir, just one question to start with on the chronic brands, what you have acquired, so 
sir, based on the data what you shared it more looks like these are pure kind of a 
mature brands sitting at a sizable market share, so when we talk about a mid-teen 
growth, what is giving us confidence that in spite of the market being quite small, 
when we talk about the chronic portfolio, you would be still growing in mid-teens? 
Nikhil Chopra 
So, Abdul, if you look at overall, the burden of disease and you look at ophthalmology 
market, it is close to Rs. 4,000 crore and we with around Rs. 200 crore revenue holds 
6 to 7% and the burden of disease of glaucoma is so high that we see good 
opportunity in terms of what we can do with our existing brands. Equally, within post 
chronic we also have antibiotics and combination eye drops and also we have 
antiallergics and NSAIDs. So, overall, I think what JB over a period of time has 
demonstrated not only with this transaction, but also historically if you see whether 
we see probiotic market, women health market, all those acquisitions that we have 
done, we are confident enough to drive maintain growth. 
Abdul Kadar 
And sir just a final one, if I may, so on funding the transaction, how do you plan to 
fund? It is quite a distance away, but do you think you will turn cash positive till the 
time you have to make this US $116 million payment? 

 
Page 5 of 7 
Nikhil Chopra 
Abdul, just for your information, we are right now today cash positive. Anything and 
everything that will be funded from internal funding will be done. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sayantan Maji from UBS. 
Please go ahead. 
Sayanthan Maji 
Just guiding on from previous participant question, so if I look at your chronic 
portfolio, the market share especially in the chronic portfolio for the molecules that 
have acquired is already high, so do you expect the categories itself to grow at a 
faster pace or do you expect that there is potential to expand the category similar to 
how you had thought for heart failure that a lot of population is undiagnosed and 
hence the category itself can grow, do you think that this can happen for some of 
your chronic acquired brands? 
Nikhil Chopra 
So, I think it is a mix of both. If you look at what we have demonstrated over a period 
of time in our entire chronic therapies whether it is in hypertension, heart failure and 
what we are trying to do in the world of lipid lowering agents, similarly for glaucoma 
based brands that we have acquired, earlier what I have stated that we have 
identified unmet needs, we are looking at the entire burden of disease with glaucoma 
and the relationship that we want to develop with the ophthalmologist equally what 
was stated in the commentary with currently high YPMs and in short term we are 
looking at how can we boost that and eventually with JB strength, we will look at how 
do we improve our footprint. All this will help us in terms of improving our market 
share and driving better growth as compared to the way the ophthal market is going 
and this is why we have acquired. So, please understand the entire hypothesis of 
anything and everything that we acquire at JB is to grow the entire category better 
than the market growth and fortunately, what we have acquired is in the leadership 
area. So, leadership area, obviously you have to put effort in terms of creating firewall 
for the competition and looking at how differently you can look at the brands and with 
the specialty and eventually look at how do you grow all the category. That is the 
task which we have taken. 
Sayantan Maji 
And also when you are suggesting that you will expand the field force space say by 
30% to 40% over the next 1-1.5 years, so where will this extra field force deployed, 
is it that the new prescribers you would target or if are there any geographies where 
probably these plants underpenetrated, so just wanted to understand where will that 
field force be deployed? 
Kunal Khanna 
Essentially, it is going to be new geographies targeted by us. Currently, as we 
understand, almost 75 to 80% of the ophthalmologist coverage is serviced by the 
current team. So, certainly new geographies which give us access to the remaining 
25% to 30% is what our endeavor will be. 
Sayantan Maji 
And one last question, so if I look at the covered market of the brands that you have 
acquired is close to Rs. 1,000 crore, the total market for Ophthalmology is Rs. 4,000 
crore, so the difference, the gap that is there right now of Rs. 3,000 crore, is it the 
same therapies, but different molecules or are these different therapies altogether 
where you plan to probably expand your portfolio once you start getting some traction 
with ophthalmology because Novartis plants should be well recognized with 
Ophthalmology, so do you think there is a scope to expand into some other sub-
therapies within Ophthalmology? 
Kunal Khanna 
Absolutely, there is potential to expand into different sub-therapies. Having said that, 
when one looks at covered market, it should not be looked at molecule specific 
covered market, one should really look at indication specific covered market. So, 
from an indication standpoint, we are still covering almost Rs. 2,500 to 2,800 crore 
of the ophthal market, which is being stated. Now, there will be opportunities for us 

 
Page 6 of 7 
to do lifecycle management to launch combinations of existing molecules which 
currently Novartis is not servicing. So, that is the way one really has to look at it. 
Sayantan Maji 
And what would be the remaining say, Rs. 1,200 crore market which probably you 
are not addressing right now with this portfolio? 
Kunal Khanna 
So, these are different combinations of the similar drugs in acute and antiglaucoma, 
right, so there would be prostaglandin combinations and things like that, 
antihistamine combinations which will be natural progressions for us over the next 
12 to 18 months. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil 
If I understand correctly, this Rs. 964 crore will be paid in December 26 and Rs. 125 
crore will be paid right now, is that correct? 
Kunal Khanna 
Yes, that is correct. 
Bino Pathiparampil 
And if I heard correctly, you said the cumulative EBITDA over next 3 years till the 
perpetual agreement comes in will be Rs. 75 to Rs. 100 crore? 
Kunal Khanna 
That is correct. That is cumulative over the next 3 years. 
Bino Pathiparampil 
So, are we paying like Rs. 125 crore for this Rs. 75 to Rs. 100 crore of EBITDA? Am 
I missing something here? 
Kunal Khanna 
Not at all. This is marketing, distribution and licensing fee what we are really paying 
for. EBITDA is completely different based on our operations, what we sell in the mark. 
Rs. 125 crore is the licensing fee for the next 3 years and post 3 years, there is some 
tech support, quality reference standards which will be established for us to kind of 
acquire the Perpetual License which will be very critical in the transitioning phase. 
Bino Pathiparampil 
But effectively, we are paying Rs. 125 crore for a cumulative EBITDA of maybe Rs. 
100 crore, right? 
Kunal Khanna 
So, basically, what you are coming to is Rs. 125 crore being paid for the next 3 years, 
right? That is correct. 
Bino Pathiparampil 
And in return, we are making EBITDA of only Rs. 100 crore? 
Kunal Khanna 
Yes, cumulative EBITDA of Rs. 75 to Rs. 100, that is correct. 
Bino Pathiparampil 
And this 125 would be amortized over next 3 years? 
Kunal Khanna 
125 will be amortized over the next 6 years. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Punit Pujara from Helios 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Punit Pujara 
Sir, could you elaborate on the lifecycle management which you touched upon? And 
could you do it in the current in-licensing space or you have to do it post Jan 27? 
That is my first question. 

 
Page 7 of 7 
Kunal Khanna 
As far as lifecycle management is concerned we can do it right away. We don't have 
any limitations on new product launches, entering new indications. There are no 
restrictions for us. 
Punit Pujara 
Second question is, sir, how many numbers of specialists are currently covered by 
the portfolio that you have in-licensed and is there any target that you are calling out 
on the same? 
Kunal Khanna 
So, the total universe is close to 22,000 ophthalmologists. The standard coverage 
based on the current field force size is closer to 15,000 to 16,000. 
Punit Pujara 
And although from the language, it is very clear, but I will still ask for the clarification, 
is there any royalty to be paid post Jan 27 because it is still a perpetual in-licensing? 
Kunal Khanna 
No, there is no royalty. There is an upfront consideration of $116 million. That is all. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Nikhil Chopra 
So, let me once again thank all of you in terms of coming and attending the call today. 
What I would like to conclude is in terms of now with this entire opportunity at JB, we 
enter into a very progressive segment that is Ophthalmology which is the third largest 
fastest growing segment today in Indian pharma market and what I shared in my 
comment is that this comes with leadership position 5 of the brands out of total 10 
brands that we have acquired are number one in their category. And also, it does not 
disturb our capital structure as of date because we are cash positive and the value 
which we have to pay is at the end of 3 years that is $116 million and overall, the 
business 3 years from here, at the time of Perpetual License Grant is significantly 
highly margin accretive as compared to our dom form (domestic formulation). This is 
where we stand. Once again looking at how do we make this opportunity bigger and 
create value for our stakeholder and some more and more number of patients across 
now in the field of Ophthalmology, from the quality eye drops, which comes from the 
house of Novartis and eventually from JB. Thank you. Thank you all. 
Moderator 
Thank you. On behalf of JB Pharma, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
