 
 
 
 
R SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Corporate Identity Number : L74899DL1993PLC053579 
[CMMI Level 5, PCMM Level 5, ISO 9001:2015 & ISO 27001:2013 Company] 
C-40, Sector-59, NOIDA, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P., India – 201 307 
Phones: +91-120-4303500 
Fax: +91-120-4082699 
Email : rsil@rsystems.com 
www.rsystems.com 
Regd. Off.: GF-1-A, 6, Devika Tower, 
Nehru Place, New Delhi- 110019 
 
REF: SECT/02/2024/15 
 
 
 
 
    DATE: FEBRUARY 22, 2024 
 
To,                                                                             
The Managing Director 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East,  Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol – RSYSTEMS 
To,                                                                 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code - 532735 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
SUB: SUBMISSION OF TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTORS/ ANALYSTS CALL FOR THE 
QUARTER AND YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023 
  
This has reference to our letters dated February 12, 2024 and February 15, 2024 regarding 
Investors/ Analysts call of R Systems International Limited (“the Company”) held on Thursday, 
February 15, 2024. 
 
In this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts 
call held on February 15, 2024 on the financial results for the quarter and year ended on  
December 31, 2023. 
 
Further, please note that the investor presentation, the audio recording and Transcript of the 
Investors/ Analysts call held on February 15, 2024 is available on the website of the Company at 
the following link: https://www.rsystems.com/investors-analysts-call/ .  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For R Systems International Limited 
 
 
Bhasker Dubey 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
 
BHASKER 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
BHASKER DUBEY 
Date: 2024.02.22 
23:30:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
R Systems International Limited 
Q4 & CY’2023 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITESH BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
                                    MR. NAND SARDANA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER,  
                                    R SYSTEMS 
 
MR. KUMAR GAURAV –  VP (FINANCE & ACCOUNTS), 
R SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed during or in pursuance 
to this Earnings Call. 
2. This transcript has been edited for readability purpose and may contain errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the R Systems Q4 & CY'2023 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kumar. Thank you. and over to you, sir. 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Thank You Rayo, I welcome all the participants to R Systems Q4 & CY'23 Earning Conference 
Call. 
We have today with us, Nitesh Bansal, Managing Director and CEO, R Systems and Nand 
Sardana, CFO, R Systems. 
We have shared the presentation with the investors earlier today. Hope all of you have received 
that. 
we will start the call with “Opening Remarks on the Performance of the Company by Nitesh” 
and it is followed by the “Financial Overview by Nand,” thereafter, we will have a “Closing 
Statement by Nitesh,” subsequently, we will open up for a “Q&A Session” 
Before I hand over, let me read out the customary disclaimer statement on behalf of the company. 
Investors are cautioned that this presentation contain certain forward-looking statements that 
involve risk and uncertainty. The company undertakes no obligation publicly to update or revise 
any such statement. This statement may undergo revision because of new information, future 
event or otherwise. Actual results performance achievement could differ from those expressed 
or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
With this, I am handing over to Nitesh sir for his opening comments. Thank you. Over to you, 
sir. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Kumar, and good afternoon to everyone joining the call and good morning to those 
who are joining from western region. 
I am really happy to be on the call and to be talking about our Q4 & CY'23 results. 
The agenda that will be covering the “Key Highlights, Operating Metrics and the Financial 
Results” followed by Some Commentary on Building for the Future and Outlook summing up 
and looking ahead for the next year. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Assuming all of you have received the Presentation, and if you're referring to it, then I am on 
Slide #4, the “Key Highlights”. 
Very happy to highlight that the company has crossed Rs. 1,600 crore in the annual revenue run 
rate, it's about $200 million in annual revenue run rate in 2023. We have also crossed Rs. 240 
crores in EBITDA, which is 14.7% EBITDA for the year, which would otherwise be 15.7%, 
including the one-time fee that we received in the previous quarter. 
We're also happy to report Rs.145 crores adjusted PAT with a year-on-year growth of 4.2%. 
The company has also earned the “Certification of a Great Place to Work” at all the countries 
that we have full time workforce. It is a great testament of what we do as our people practice 
and also stands us at par with a lot of industry peers, has great places to work, has become an 
industry standard certification. 
Moving on to the next Slide #5, “Key Highlights” for Q4 of 2023: 
Our revenue stood at Rs.4,163 million or US$50 million, which is a year-on-year revenue growth 
of 4.2% with a year-on-year EBITDA growth of 7.7%. Our net profit stood at Rs.459 million 
with an earning per share of Rs.3.88 per share. Comparative EBITDA compared to Q4 last year 
from 14.9%, we have grown to 15.4%. Compared to the last quarter where we reported 18.8% 
EBITDA, net of the one-time BOT fee would have been 15.2%, has gone to 15.4%. 
What we have shown on the slide also is provided an EBITDA bridge. From Q3 to Q4, because 
of the one-time fee that we received in Q3 which had an impact of about Rs.193 million and 
then the lower working days which have an impact of Rs.66 million. Through our normal 
operations, we made an additional Rs.43 million in EBITDA. The adjusted EPS before non-
recurring and one-time tax reversals would stand at Rs.3.01 per share. 
Moving to the FY'2023 or CY'23 Results, since we follow a calendar year, the revenue stood at 
Rs. 16,845 million or $204 million, with a year on year revenue growth of 11.1% and year-on-
year EBITDA growth of 27%. Our net profits rose to Rs.1,401 million or $17 million and 
earnings per share stands at Rs.11.84 per share adjusted for non-recurring and tax provisions, 
etc., it would be Rs.12.30 per share. So, if I look at the EBITDA comparison from '21, all the 
way to '23, We have gone from 14% to 15.7% in EBITDA and from Rs.11,566 million to 
Rs.16,845 million in revenues. 
Some of the “Key Balance Sheet Items”: 
The equity attributable to shareholders stood at Rs.6,114 million or $73.5 million, and the cash 
balances of the company, net of short-term borrowings stood at Rs.1,338 million or $16.1 
million. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
I will hand it over to Mr. Nand Sardana to take you through Detailed Financial Performance and 
Contribution Analysis, which is the next Slide #7. 
Nand Sardana: 
Thank you, Nitesh ji. Good evening to all. Thank you everybody for attending the call. 
The presentation gives both Q4 and Year 2023 number. I will quickly cover Q4 and then move 
on to yearly numbers. 
As Nitesh ji said, revenue for the quarter was Rs.416.3 crores or $50 million as against  
Rs.457.3 crores or USD55.3 million in Q3. Excluding one-time BOT fee, the Q3 revenue was 
Rs.438 crores or $53 million which is a decline of 5% quarter-on-quarter growth. 
The gross margin was 34%, which was lesser by 160 basis points compared to the same quarter 
last year. This is mainly due to the impact of lesser billable days and average salary increases, 
net of rupee depreciation. 
SG&A expenses were reduced in absolute terms due to reversal of provisions for bad and 
doubtful debt, along with true-up of provisions. resultant EBITDA was 15.4% compared to 
15.2% last quarter net of BOT fees. Net profit after tax was Rs.45.9 crores or $5.5 million. 
Now I will give a detailed “Overview” of Yearly numbers: 
Revenue for the year was record Rs.1,684.5 crores or $204 million compared to Rs.1,515.8 
crores or $193.2 million last year. Excluding the impact of BOT fee, the revenue grew at 10% 
year-on-year. Macroeconomic situation has impacted the revenue growth over the years. 
Our present sales pipeline is encouraging. We are making focused efforts to add large accounts 
to have profitable growth. 
Getting down to “Gross Margins”: 
It was 34.5% in the current year excluding BOT fee compared to 35.1% last year, a reduction of 
60 basis points. Reduction in gross margin is mainly due to the impact of increase in average 
salaries, net of improved utilization and rupee depreciation. 
Getting down to SG&A expense line, SG&A expenses have increased by Rs.5.5 crores, in 
percentage terms were about 20% this year compared to 21.4% last year. 
EBITDA net of BOT fee was Rs.245.2 crores or $29.7 million compared to Rs.208.3 crores or 
$26.5 million last year. As a percentage of revenues, EBITDA was 14.7% in 2022 compared to 
13.7% last year. 
The company has been able to expand the sustainable margin through efficient operation and 
cost optimization. Also, we are committed for improving margins in the coming quarters. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Getting down to Depreciation, the total expense was Rs.54.4 crores compared to Rs.35 crores 
last year. The increase is primarily due to amortization of intangible assets on acquisition of 
Velotio and Scaleworx. 
Non-recurring cost for the year was Rs.11.2 crores, which is USD 1.4 million, which represent 
expenses with respect to acquisition of Velotio and Scaleworx, charges paid to NOIDA 
Authority, recruitment fee for the hiring of new CEO and one-time joining fee. 
Interest expenses is Rs.9 crores in 2023 compared to Rs.4.9 crores last year. Increase is mainly 
due to interest on short-term borrowing and an office lease taken last year, which is capitalized 
under Ind AS 116. 
Other income in 2023 was Rs.11.2 crores compared to Rs.1.7 crores last year. This year we had 
an exchange gain of Rs.2.3 crores compared to exchange loss of Rs.7.9 crores last year. Further, 
the other income comprises the interest income of Rs.7.2 crores this year compared to  
Rs.4.6 crore last year. 
During the year 2023, the average rate for USD and Euro were Rs.82.57 and Rs.89.29, 
respectively as against last year average rate for USD and Euro of Rs.78.47 and Rs.82.56, 
respectively. These are the two main currencies for R Systems. 
At year end, we have a total forward cover of $39.15 million with average rate of 84.1 and Euro 
cover of 2.7 million with average rate of 93.38. This has already been mark-to-market as at 
closing rate of 31st December. 
Our tax expense was Rs.60 crores this year as against tax of Rs.30.5 crores last year. Effective 
consolidated tax for 2020 is 30% as against 17.9% during last year. Our effective tax rate has 
increased due to a one-time tax provision for dividend received from a subsidiary company plus 
amortization of intangible assets and Velotio acquisition which is not eligible for tax benefit. 
Excluding these, normalized effective tax remains 25%, approximately. 
Net profit after tax was Rs.140.1 crores or $17 million compared to Rs.139.7 crores or $17.8 
million last year. 
EPS for the year was Rs.11.84, compared to Rs.11.81 last year. However, after adjusting the 
BOT fee and non-recurring onetime tax the adjusted EPS is Rs.12.3. 
Getting down to the asset side in the Balance Sheet, on last eight quarters trend, revenue has 
grown at compounded quarterly growth rate of 2.4%. However, last quarter was an aberration. 
The quality of revenue has improved with large deal sizes and newer technologies deals. Further, 
we have consistently expanded the EBITDA margins. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
On the operation metrics, revenue by geography has been consistent with 74% revenue from 
North America, 13% from Southeast Asia, and 10% from Europe. Top 10 customers contribute 
24% and top customers contributing about 7%. 
We have been working to improve utilization to expand our margins. Last quarter reported 
blended utilization is 79.1% as against 78.7% last quarter. Our day sales outstanding including 
unbilled is around 60 days. It is higher in this quarter due to timing reasons. 
With this, let me hand over to Nitesh ji for closing remarks. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Nand ji. 
Just for reference sake, I will be referring to Slide #11. This is about the transformation in 
strategy and the business that we have been undertaking as of the last three months and reference 
to which I had also made in the previous investor call. So, the things that we have been working 
on that have taken shape is, we have aligned our go-to-markets more sharply with sales and 
delivery organization reorganized on vertical lines to create a sharper focus on target industries 
where we have developed differentiated capabilities over the years. 
We have also increased our investments in sales across North America and Europe regions to 
put more feet on the ground, to have more targeted go-to-market offerings. 
On the partnership angle, we have put dedicated focus on developing partnerships with 
ecosystem players such as hyper scalers, meaning mostly AWS, Azure, GCP etc., automation 
and AI technology providers and also global enterprise software providers. This will further 
enhance the value of our offerings to our customers. 
In terms of the offerings and positioning itself, Cloud and DevOps. CoE has been built to focus 
on cloud migrations and optimization solutions, data and AI CoE is building AI and generative 
AI solutions, and we have recently launched a partnership together with the  
AI Department of IIT Delhi, to have an academia relationship and partnership together for being 
able to leverage the best-in-class research and talent from IIT Delhi. 
We have also revamped our corporate website, which was launched in December, which serves 
as the gateway for our global customers to understand our service offerings and reach out to us 
from an inbound perspective. 
We have also made some additions and enhancements to our leadership team where we have 
hired a Chief Customer Officer, who's been on boarded with clear responsibilities towards 
growing existing business and developing deeper relationships with channel sales and 
partnerships. This is in line with what we said during the previous investor call that we are 
putting a sharper focus on farming existing customers and deepening our positioning and 
expanding the share of wallet with the existing clients. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
We have also added some client partners and engagement leaders for our top customers to focus 
on the forming aspects. 
Moving ahead, lastly, summing up, Looking at the market trends and what we see happening, 
we believe that the market headwinds may remain for the first two quarters of CY'24, but we are 
entering '24 with a strong pipeline and with a maturing GTM motion. So, our GTM motion is 
obviously getting well-entrenched within the organization and also offering us higher 
opportunities. 
What we want to do is to be more relevant for our clients or hence looking at sharper offerings, 
focus farming and cross-selling efforts. 
And in terms of new logo opening, we're looking at opening larger customers with larger deal 
sizes, and we are seeing some early green shoots of that beginning to take place. 
What we believe are the trends that will shape 2024 for our customers. Costs will remain our 
strategic focus for us. That opens new opportunities for cost-led value propositions and we are 
already working with our few customers in those aspects. 
We believe that the software component of both products and services will continue to increase 
with greater movement towards end-to-end customer journey and platform plays. This plays 
swiftly in our sweet spot because we enable our customers to develop those platforms to build 
those customer journeys and to have products more digital as they launch those. 
AI and specifically generative AI will remain the talk of the town. It's pretty was the top 
discussed item for a large part of the last year. We already have an AI CoE that we have been 
nurturing over some time. We have seen green shoots of customer engagements in those spaces. 
Customers asking us to build AI-based applications, integrate AI into their products, and we have 
enhanced that with our partnership with IIT Delhi. 
And we also believe that the prolonged war in Ukraine and Middle East will further deepen the 
talent focus towards India and LATAM. And this is highly relevant for a lot of tech companies 
who have their own offices or captive centers in variety of places, who are looking at moving 
those centers to India or LATAM, largely to India, where we believe that we would also benefit 
from such a move. 
That really is it in terms of what we wanted to share today. Actually we do have also some awards 
and recognitions to talk about. Like I already said, we have been recognized as a Great Place to 
Work, across all the countries we operate. R Systems was also profiled in the Business Connect, 
international magazine in the month of December. Dun & Bradstreet honored us as India's Top 
500 Value Creators in 2023. We were also recognized by Marksmen as one of the Most Preferred 
Workplaces in IT and IT-Enabled Services for the year 2023-24, which obviously talks a lot 
about our employer brand. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Our subsidiary Velotio was awarded the 2023 Clutch Global Award for Product Engineering, 
Cloud and DevOps as well as Data Engineering Services. And they were also awarded a 
champion award for being Top-Rated Leader based on Client Satisfaction and High Quality 
Service Ratings. 
So, with that, I would hand it over back to the operator for opening the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Sure, Thank You very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Abhinav Chandak from Ratnabali Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhinav Chandak: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulation to Nitesh ji, Nand ji and the entire team for 
the okay set of numbers. So, I have a couple of questions. One question is around the growth 
that we have shown. So, if I break your numbers and if I exclude Velotio, the organic growth 
that we have shown is probably that we have degrown. So, just wanted some thoughts and some 
color on what exactly is happening there? Even if I look at the QoQ numbers, excluding the one-
time BOT fee, we reported revenues of Rs.437 crores last quarter, this quarter the revenue was 
Rs.416 crores. So, what exactly has gone wrong there? Have we discontinued some business, 
have we lost a customer, what exactly is happening there? I wanted some focus on what exactly 
is happening on our top line and what exactly are we doing about it? The second part of the 
question is the progress that we are doing on our M&A front, so it's been almost now 1 - 1.5 
years since there was a change in management. And apart from Velotio, not much progress has 
been made on that front. So, if you could throw some light, what are the kind of assets that we 
are looking at, what is the size of the asset that we are looking at, it would be of great help? And 
if you could also give some guidance on your numbers, say next year as well as mid-term, where 
exactly you see R Systems in, say, three years from now? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thanks Abhinav for your question. Let me try and answer those questions one-by-one in the 
sequence as you asked. So, looking at our quarter-on-quarter going from Rs.437 crores to Rs.416 
crores, part of the business that which we transferred as part of BOT, obviously is a business that 
goes away, right, as well as Q4 traditionally is a quarter with lesser number of working days with 
furloughs in the US. So, it traditionally does bring a dent in revenue, typically in that Q4. Apart 
from that, some customers/ projects naturally coming to an end or shifting out. Those are 
business cycles that we see pretty much every quarter. So, there isn't really a specific reason that 
we would attribute. But a combination of the BOT transfer as well as the smaller number of 
working days is largely responsible for the decline. On a year-on-year basis, minus Velotio, I 
don't think we have degrown, we have largely remained flat, and that again is owing to largely 
macroeconomic cycles as we have seen a lot of customers have had delayed decision-making, 
the customers themselves have had their projects shut down or stopped and which are pending 
decisions, which we have also seen reflected across the industry. So, it's not something that we 
are singularly experiencing that. Having said that, we have had a robust pipeline through the 
year. We have made-up for whatever were project closures that naturally came to an end because 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
they were discretionary project spend, we have made-up for those with our new wins. We have 
seen that pipeline buildup over the time, as I think the customers also expect that this thing 
should bottom out. And that way we believe that we have a robust pipeline to enter the new year. 
Abhinav Chandak: 
So, sir, if I understand correctly the numbers which I gave, Rs.437 crores, those were excluding 
the BOT projects. So, the 4% sequential quarter-on-quarter decline in revenue, you are saying is 
primarily attributable to customers or the projects coming to an end, because BOT is something 
which I had excluded already. So, is that correct that the 4.5%, 5% decline in sequential quarter-
on-quarter revenue is mainly because certain projects came to an end? If that is the case, sir, by 
when do we see revenues going back to normal, when do we see growth in this company, I 
understand, we have a very healthy pipeline, but when will the growth come back? 
Nand Sardana: 
Abhinav ji, so excluding one-time BOT fee, we are at $53 million. So, there is a reduction of 
close to 2.7 million or so. So, that's close to 5%. You are right. So, there are two big things which 
has happened in Q4 which were not there in Q3. The BOT customer who gave us $2.3 million 
in cash, had revenue of close to 1.3 million in Q3. Now, Q4 has two lesser number of days and 
furloughs, as you know and a lot of people take leave. The impact of that is more than a million 
dollar. So, I mean we feel that broadly the reduction in revenue is the impact of mainly these two  
reasons. Excluding that, some projects have been reduced, but we have got some new projects 
also. If you exclude the impact of these two, we are almost flat. So, we hear you, this has not 
been that great.  
Abhinav Chandak: 
If you could guide something on medium term to next year, how do you see revenue growths 
and all? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, let me answer the second question that you had, which was around that. You said that it's 
been one 1- 1.5 years to the change in management, etc., I just want to be very clear that the 
change in management actually took place end of May of 2023, so it's basically seven months 
or seven and a half to that change. It does seem like a longer time, but in reality, it's basically 
been two full quarters. And during that time, we carried out the acquisition of Velotio which has 
been a great acquisition both from revenue and margin accretive perspective. And to integrate a 
company into the operations and also to set a little bit of focus and new strategy in place, has 
taken us this kind of time which is very natural because you can't do these things in a shorter 
time. So, we are obviously open and looking for newer opportunities to acquire, but to answer 
your question, we have taken the time to integrate Velotio to make them part of  
R Systems to start operating as one. Otherwise, we would have run the risk of losing the value 
of that acquisition. And we're still in that process because integrations don't happen in three to 
six months. While we have set the foundation, the actual integration of people working together 
as one, forgetting the boundaries that existed, will probably take another two to three quarters 
before it completely settles in. To the point of guidance, as we have, I think said even in the past, 
we do not provide guidance for mid-term or long term. However, what I would definitely want 
to restate or reemphasize is that, we are going after larger customers and larger deals, we are 
looking at some of that strategy beginning to bear fruit. We are also looking at, like I said earlier, 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
a robust pipeline. And since January is when most of the customers return back to start working 
with the new budgets and other things, with the new budget, we are looking at in Q1 we will 
start getting the outcomes or results of a lot of those motions because customers would be in a 
position to make those decisions, and that will start shaping up the quarter and the year for us. 
We are quite confident in moving forward and that our strategies are going to play out for us. 
But rest, I think we will have to continue to stay with the market. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Harsh Chaurasia from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
So, I have two questions. So, in the closing statement, you mentioned like R Systems mainly 
focusing on increasing the wallet size of the large clients. But if I see in this quarter, the large 
clients share of the revenue has declined from 7% to 6%. So, can you give some sense on this 
number? And my second question is from the geographical breakup side. If I just compared to 
your other peers, the European continent has seen significant growth for major IT companies. 
But for R Systems, it's around 11% growth and it's a very low base. Can you provide some sense 
on this? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thanks, Harsh. I think on the first question on forming and increasing wallet size, that is what 
we are beginning to do now and what that means is that where we have clients who are currently 
not in our top-10 or top 20, by doing more focused approach and selling efforts to them, we 
should be able to grow the wallet size with them to get them probably to a revenue size, which 
is currently with our top-10, top-20 kind of customers, and hence the mix of both our clients in 
that revenue bracket as well as their overall contribution can change. Now, while we have started 
that exercise and we're seeing some early successes, it does not change what our top clients have 
been giving us and along with, the companies trajectory of growth over the years, these clients 
have continued to grow along with us and the percentage contribution has largely kind of 
remained the same. So, our top clients still remain the top clients and gives about the similar size 
of revenue. While we are looking at actively cultivating a lot of the next 20 or next 30 customers 
to become larger, that's what I meant by saying farming and building on wallet size. From a 
geographical split perspective, point is absolutely valid. A lot of our peers do make a larger 
percentage from European operations, but then again, the nature of work and services that they 
do versus us may or may not be comparable. However, we also want to grow our revenue from 
all geographies that we're working in and hopefully can grow Europe faster than the rest. But 
that's something we have undertaken as part of our go-to-market strategy and something that I 
mentioned earlier is that we are investing in growing sales both across North America and 
Europe, and we will obviously continue to watch that, nurture that and try and grow that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Ritesh Gandhi from Discovery Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Historically, a lot of the Blackstone portfolio companies have been excellent, it's sort of cross-
selling to the other portfolio companies. Is this initiative which we are pursuing aggressively and 
how should we be thinking about that? 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thanks, Ritesh. Yes, you're right that one of the value propositions of being a Blackstone 
portfolio company is the ability to cross-sell across the portfolio companies. We have basically 
been part of the portfolio companies for like I said earlier only two quarters. But the good news 
is that within those two quarters, we have seen a good traction with a lot of portfolio companies. 
We have actually managed to add several new customers or logos from within the Blackstone 
portfolio companies as well. So, that is true and we see that strategy playing out for us and - 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
And the order sizes we expect to increase over time from these logos which we have? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Absolutely, like with any of our customers where they're sizeable customers, we do believe 
typical to the industry itself that we should be able to gain a meaningful entry and then be able 
to expand on those credentials. 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
Given you guys have just been at the wheel for about six months or so, just wanted to get your 
own hands on any positive surprises, any actually negative surprises, and is there any change in 
strategy compared to what the organization was doing earlier? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, that can be a fairly long answer, but I will try to keep it concise. So, yes, you're right, it's 
been six months. So, I've had the privilege to look at the company with a fresh pair of eyes.  I've 
had quite a few positive surprises in terms of both the nature of work that the company does for 
its customers, very high-quality work with significantly good customer satisfaction and 
customers being very happy with the kind of both talent capability and attention that the 
company is able to provide. Also have had positive surprises in terms of finding out how well 
the company has managed to retain the customers for a longer time, as well as retain the 
employees for a longer duration, which as we know during COVID was a big challenge for a lot 
of companies. I think the negative surprise front largely has been the macroeconomic climate 
where a lot of us have obviously, since the beginning of '23, been looking out at two quarters 
and then another two quarters kind of a thing. And with the kind of tech layoffs that have 
happened across United States and Europe, which have continued unabated through Q4 and 
unfortunately even through January this year, that has been a negative surprise beyond control, 
but that macroeconomic landscape has certainly been a bit of a negative surprise. But none of 
this changes the thesis for us or the fundamental strategy. We are a software product engineering 
company and digital services company, and we continue to stay on that path. We believe we have 
developed micro niches with certain industry verticals over time and that's what we are trying to 
deepen and go further into and we believe that strategy will play out favorably for us. 
Ritesh Gandhi: 
The other question was with regards to any changes in strategy from what the company was 
pursuing earlier and how we're looking at things now with the new management in place? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
I thought I'd answered part of it. So, we stay focused on the same verticals, the offerings we 
make. From a change of strategy, I would not call it change of strategy because it sounds really 
ominous. But it is sharpening our ways of how we approach our clients with more focused 
offerings, building more focus into cloud, data AI, which have become extremely important for 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
being able to do product engineering work because these days everybody wants products on 
cloud, SaaS products and those kind of things. So, in a way, the strategy is further sharpening 
the focus, deepening our capabilities, improving our right to win. And from a go-to-market 
perspective like I already mentioned, we have verticalized the sales force as well as our delivery 
organization which actually allows us to do this and to capture that additional right to win. 
Similarly, the sales force is also looking at larger value clients, larger deals, which again I won't 
call it a massive strategy shift, but it's a move in the direction to become closer to or darer to the 
customers and to have larger size customers to build sustainability in our revenue base. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashok Vedi, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashok Vedi: 
Sir, I have a question regarding the largest client percentage revenue. If you see quarter wise, it 
is like declining, earlier it was in Q4 '22 and Q1'23, the largest client revenue was higher as 
compared to the last two quarters. 
Nand Sardana: 
So, the largest client number in Q3 was 6.5%. It's a small aberration. And if you see on year 
basis, it was 6.7% in 2022. So, on year basis, it has gone down to 6.6% which is almost flat.  
Ashok Vedi: 
And my second question was, have we lost any major client or any addition of any major client 
in top three or top five or top 10 or what is the ratio if you lost or any addition? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Ashok, during the year, we do have a natural attrition of a few clients as the discretionary 
spend either naturally comes to a close because the project closed and they did not have another 
one to work with or some who would essentially have their own projects, etc., coming to an end 
or achieving whatever product launch that they wanted to achieve. So, that happens through the 
year and we keep on adding new clients. Definitely like every year, we have added a significant 
number of customers. We believe that some of them will eventually get into our top 20 and top 
10 customers, but the customers added during the year itself would not get into the top 20 or top 
ten within the same year. So, I think we will be building on them and as we kind of grow with 
them, we might see that our top ten or top 20 customer mix will start kind of getting influenced 
or changed. 
Nand Sardana: 
I just want to add here. The BOT customer was one of the top five customers, for which we got 
a BOT fee and the contract ended on September 15th. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Nitin Reggae from Chrys Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Reggae: 
So, just wanted to ask about the three-to-five-year outlook for the company. Do you think we 
can double our revenues, let's say, in the next four years? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Nitin, we wish, we had that kind of mirror and also we do not provide forward looking guidance. 
But having said that, look, we do have a fairly strong belief that the industry as such is poised to 
grow. There have been these macroeconomic headwinds that everybody has gotten impacted 
with, but hopefully it has bottomed out, that we should be seeing the upturn coming in. And we 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
do expect that we would be able to grow at least slightly higher than the market normal across 
the industry. So, I don't think I would provide anything beyond that at this moment. 
Nitin Reggae: 
But we must be having some internal targets, right, which we have set, especially because of our 
size right now? So, I think you did answer that right because you expect to grow faster than the 
industry, but any number on that? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Internally, of course, you know we set targets and goals which we try to achieve which are 
ambitious in nature, and obviously continue to look at the market conditions and try to capture 
as much as possible. I think beyond that anything would actually become a forward looking 
statement in that sense. 
Nitin Reggae: 
And where will we see our margins settle, can we get to a 17%, 18% EBITDA margin? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
We have been working on operational efficiencies and margin improvements consistently over 
the last couple of quarters. We are seeing positive impacts of that. But in parallel, we would also, 
like I said, are making investments towards improving our sales and go-to-market motions and 
are building the kind of competencies that we believe are needed in today's world to be 
competitive. We believe that we will be able to sustain our margins for sure and whatever other 
expansions that we are able to get will of course get reflected in our results. 
Nitin Reggae: 
Just a suggestion rather than a question. Request you to please show the depreciation and 
amortization of goodwill separately in our press releases, so investors can assess our operating 
profitability a little more accurately. 
Nand Sardana: 
So, Nitin, goodwill is not amortized, but I think probably you are referring to the customer 
contract and non-compete which we have paid for the Velotio acquisition. Yes, we can start 
showing that separately so that you can make an assessment. we can do that going forward, not 
a problem. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harsh Chaurasia from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
So, just wanted to know, you mentioned that you are seeing some green shoots in the deal 
pipeline. So, what would be the timeline where we can expect the deal getting converted to the 
revenue? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Harsh, our typical deal conversions at least historically, without the kind of headwinds that 
the markets have seen, used to be anywhere between two to three months or three to four months 
cycles. We have seen those cycles extend beyond three to four months in the past couple of 
quarters. But typically, assuming it takes around that time to convert those deals and then of 
course as you deploy the teams and start delivering, we should start seeing those revenues getting 
reflected. Now, having said that, I just want to be careful, should you read it as saying that if we 
have deals in pipeline today, they take so much time to convert and then you get to Q2 and those 
things. Please remember deals, we have had pipeline working for us in Q3 and Q4 will come 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
through in Q1 and that's where the decision-making timeline does play a role, but it's not 
something that is the start of a clean slate. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
In the current deal pipeline, what would be the contribution from the Blackstone portfolio 
companies, like, is there any demand you are seeing from the portfolio companies? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, I don't think I would be able to give you a percentage, but I can definitely tell you that there 
are a significant number of leads/ opportunities that we are actively pursuing in the Blackstone 
portfolio companies, and this is spread across both North America and Europe. And yes, I mean 
the pipeline is very dynamic. But going back to a question from Ritesh that we have seen good 
traction develop and we are seeing some of those deals actually come to fruition as well. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
And this rough estimate, what will be the deal size from the Blackstone leads you are seeing? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Harsh, I think that would be very difficult for me to answer. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
One last suggestion. Can you provide the verticals of your revenue in the presentation, it will be 
very helpful for us to get a better perspective for the company? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, that's something, Harsh, that we will definitely try and see if that's something that we are 
able to bring in. 
Harsh Chaurasia: 
Yes, both from the verticals side as well as the capability side like the software product 
engineering and the digital services. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes, broadly, like I said, most of our revenue is software product engineering and currently 
digital services get embedded into the product work that we do. But like I said, as we mature in 
our ways of working and embed this deeply, we will definitely try to see how we can bring that 
into our investor presentations. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Ravi Anand from InCred Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Anand: 
This is just furthering the last question. Can you please elaborate on the type of partnership we 
have with the tech companies, as in at what stage of the value chain do exactly come in -- is it at 
their product development stage or implementation stage or maintenance or at cloud stage? Just 
wanted to understand the quality of the services we are integrated with our partner. This is 
number 1. The second is currently we have 7% to 8% of BPO services, balance 93% in IT 
services. Now, in this 93% IT services, how much is the mix of product engineering and how 
much is the mix of traditional IT services? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thanks, Ravi. Coming to the first part of your question in terms of when we work with tech 
companies, what stage we engage in. Being a software product development company, a 
majority of our engagement actually happens in the design, build phases which is either the 
customer already has a product design or we collaboratively help and contribute to the design. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
But mostly, the build part of the product which is where they need scale and capacity and 
capability, which is where our teams work together with them to launch those products, release 
new features, help them take it to the market in terms of the product releases itself. In a certain 
percentage of our customers, we also continue to manage and maintain their products. We 
provide them product portfolio management as we call it where we provide them support for 
ongoing technical debt reduction or new feature enhancements, and even to some extent product 
changes when there are either issues or bugs or customer requests that come in. Just to add to it, 
though you've not asked for it, we also provide product professional services, which basically 
means where our clients products require integrations at the time of implementation. Some of 
our clients do work with us to become their professional services arm, to help them accelerate 
their own revenues by deploying those products faster. As to the cloud part of it, in today's world, 
many of these engagements are cloud-first engagements. So, a lot of this product design or 
development actually happens in a cloud-native format or cloud-native environment. We also 
have engagements with the customers where they would migrate their on- premise products to 
cloud and make them cloud-native and in all forms of those engagements. Coming to the second 
part of your question on the IT services side, how much is product engineering versus traditional? 
Almost the entire work that we do and I won't put a percentage because, whether it's 98% or 
99% or 97%, perhaps that's where we would draw a cut, but in my guess 98% to 99% of our 
business is all product engineering and not traditional IT. What that means is, we are not doing 
infrastructure support or we're not doing ERP implementation or we're not doing a bunch of 
those enterprise, kind of traditional IT support kind of work for our customers. Our customers 
come to us for doing product engineering work, handle their products, enhance them, build them, 
release new features and even manage and do professional services like I described earlier. 
Ravi Anand: 
Can you also please elaborate on the BPS services – is it voice or is it a BPM? And what is the 
vertical we are catering to, and would it be a sustainable margin in this vertical because the 
margin has been going up and down. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, let me first provide you kind of a sense of the BPO business as you call it. We obviously 
do not call it BPO, it is Knowledge Services and why we call it Knowledge Services is because 
what we're doing is we are taking a certain problem of the clients business and using a lot of 
automation to first automate the clients business process in that space and then in many cases 
where they still requires a human in the loop, we actually take ownership of it and run the process 
for them. And it is actually much closer to digital operations than really BPO in that sense. The 
kind of verticals we are catering over there prominently are healthcare, and manufacturing where 
we provide very specialized services, where we have built automations and tools that enable us 
to actually carry out those functions. Almost, I would say a very negligible part of our business 
is voice, and in many cases it is outbound voice coupled with a very large number of the actual 
automation and process work. So, voice is really negligible. Sometimes just as a necessary part 
of the thing. Some of this work is actually extremely high quality work requires not typical what 
you would call BPO talent that actually requires deep technical talent to carry out. On margins, 
I don't think we have seen a lot of up and down there, Nand Ji, you can through some light on 
that. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Nand Sardana: 
There is not much up and down. These are good margins because in this, comparatively the cost, 
as I said is lesser, rates are also lesser but margins are as good as in our product engineering. 
Ravi Anand: 
If we strip off the BPO margin, I am looking at the EBIT margin. So, the IT services margins are 
somewhere around 10%. So, we assume that they should improve going ahead. So, any 
sustainable margin in the IT services segment you would want to guide going ahead? 
Nand Sardana: 
So, probably you are referring to the segment reporting part, is that correct? 
Ravi Anand: 
Yes. 
 Nand Sardana 
I think, the way it is prepared as per Indian GAAP is not the ideal way to look at this. Let's talk 
about gross margin. Our overall gross margin is close to 34% - 35%. The offshore margins are 
approximate 40% and other than the offshore margin are approximate 27%- 28%. BPO or 
Knowledge Service margins are higher than 40%. That is the real way to look at from a US 
GAAP and gross margin front. 
Ravi Anand: 
And what would be the offshoring mix ex of BPO at the company level? 
Nand Sardana: 
BPO is part of off shore business with approximate USD  18- 19 million revenue which is close 
to 9%- 10% of total business. 
Moderator: 
There are no further questions. So, I would now like to hand the conference back to  
Mr. Nitesh for any closing comments. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Well, I just want to thank everyone for joining the call and asking all insightful questions because 
your questions keep us honest and also give us ideas for how to improve on both our reporting 
and transparency for time to come and look forward to continuing to engage on these calls going 
forward to. So, thank you so much for your time and thanks for all the questions. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of R Systems, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, ladies and 
gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
