 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
(Formerly Kaynes Technology India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29128KA2008PLC045825 
www.kaynestechnology.co.in  
 
email ID: kaynestechcs@kaynestechnology.net  
H.O & Regd Off: 23-25, Belagola, Food Industrial Estate Metagalli PO, Mysore 570016 India 
Telephone No: +91 8214280270 
February 03, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – KAYNES 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
14th floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Stock Code – 543664 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub.: Intimation of transcript of earnings call for the Financial Results of 3nd quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call hosted by JM Financial for the Financial 
Results of the 3nd quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. The same is made available 
on the Company’s website within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and can be accessed at the following link: 
 
Particulars  Website link 
Transcript 
https://www.kaynestechnology.co.in/doc/Regulation-46-of-sebi-lodr-
regulation/Earnings%20Call%20Trasnscript%2031.01.2024.pdf  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge it. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully,  
For Kaynes Technology India Limited 
 
 
 
S M Adithya Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A49042 
 
Enclosed: 
• Transcript of the earnings call 
 
 
 
SALIGRAMA MOHAN 
KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN
Digitally signed by SALIGRAMA 
MOHAN KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN 
Date: 2024.02.03 14:59:00 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
  
 
“Kaynes Technology India Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MRS. SAVITHA RAMESH – CHAIRPERSON – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH KANNAN – FOUNDER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. JAIRAM SAMPATH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. NEERAJ VINAYAK -- HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS -- KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – JM FINANCIAL 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Kaynes Technology India Limited hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
has been recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of JM Financial Security Limited, I welcome you 
all to Kaynes Technology India Limited Q3 FY24 earnings conference. 
 
Today we have with us senior management represented by Mr. Ramesh Kannan, Founder & 
Managing Director, Mrs. Savita Ramesh, Chairperson, Mr. Jairam Sampath, Whole-Time 
Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, CEO, and Mr. Neeraj Vinayak, Head 
of Investor Relations. 
 
Without taking much of time, I would like to hand over the floor to the management for their 
opening remarks, post which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thanks and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Good afternoon, friends. Am I audible? JPS? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Yes, yes. Good afternoon, friends. I would like to welcome everyone present on the calls from 
the entire team of Kaynes Technology. 
 
I have along with me on the call Mrs. Savita Ramesh, Chairman of the Board, Mr. Jairam 
Sampath, CFO, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, our CEO, and Mr. Neeraj Vinayak, our Head of Investor 
Relations. Firstly, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to our esteemed investors whose 
confidence and support played a vital role in companies' successful QIP. We are committed and 
excited about the roads ahead and look forward to your continuous support. 
 
I am very pleased to share with you all that we have surpassed our FY23-year run rate during 
the first nine months of FY24. I am confident of delivering on our full-year guidance. Coming 
to our performance for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, our total revenue was INR5,093 
million, registering a growth of 76% year-on-year. 
 
Our growth was largely led by strong demand in the industry, including EV and railway verticals. 
Our Q3 FY24 EBITDA was INR699 million compared to INR412 million last year. PAT for Q3 
stood at INR452 million compared to INR229 million during last year. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
We continue to witness strong demand across verticals, with monthly order inflow reaching 
INR2,788 million per month from INR2,741 million during Q2 FY24. Our order book as of 
December 31 is 2023 stood at INR37,890 million. Now coming to major development for the 
quarter. 
 
To deepen our technology deck, we are making strong strides by getting into manufacturing 
collaboration of high-complex AI-driven technology products in the cybersecurity, medical, 
AR/XR space. Some of the recent engagement on this front includes  
First to enhance our technological bandwidth. We have tied up for manufacturing a clear glass 
lens under a technology partnership with upcoming technology disruptor in this space. Their 
platform allows OEMs to create customizable, cost-effective waveguide based on their 
experiences for both enterprise and consumer applications.  
Second, we entered into exclusive partnership with FIDO2 certified Microsoft Compactable 
biometric security solution provider. FIDO2 is a phishing-proof passwordless authentication 
protocol defined by the FIDO Alliance and the World Wide Web Consortium. The technology 
has already been approved by the Public Financial Management System under the Ministry of 
Finance.  
These collaborations will help the company position itself as a single-stop solution provider, 
enabling us superior presence in the complex product along with ensuring industry Leading 
margin profile.  
Other achievements are during the quarter, Kaynes became the first company to successfully 
deliver fourth generation CKD server board for a global OEM. In addition, we have also recently 
received a large award letter in the aerospace segment. We also got two major order wins on the 
industrial side, catering to defense, catering to educational robots and UPSs. We have also 
received orders from a motor controller on the EV side. 
 
In line with our stated policy of having last mile presence in the US, we have done acquisition 
of Digicom Electronics. The company has a couple of SMT lines and caters to complex product 
profiles. With this acquisition, Kaynes will be able to target complex and technological advanced 
product profiles in the North American market too. 
Additionally, we have also invested for a significant stake in a US-based tech startup doing 
revolutionary work in the space of silicon photonics. This strategic investment is also in line 
with our roadmap of moving up in terms of handling complex semi-con packages to strengthen 
our capability along with superior profitability. 
We are in an interesting phase of evolution of electronic industry taking shape world over and 
India remains at the center of this technological advancement. We are excited about the 
opportunities that lie ahead and are confident in our ability to navigate any challenges that come 
our way. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
With this, I will now hand over the call to Jairam Sampath to take you through our financial 
performance. Thank you very much. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Rameshji. Good day, everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call. I will be 
presenting the financial performance of our company for the period ending 31st December 2023. 
For the quarter ended 31st December 2023, our consolidated total revenue was INR5,093 
million, representing a 76% year-on-year growth. For the nine months ended December 2023, 
the consolidated total revenues were 11,673 million, representing 53% year-on-year growth. 
The consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was INR699 million, showing a 70% year-on-year 
increase, while for the first nine months it was INR1,589 million, which was up 46%. EBITDA 
margins for the quarter and nine-month FY '24 stood at 13.7% and 13.6% respectively. Our 
consolidated PAT for the quarter was INR452 million, up 98% year-on-year, and for the first 
nine months it was INR1,022 million, up 89% year-on-year. PAT margin for the quarter stood 
at 8.9% and for the first nine months it was 8.8%.  
We have surpassed our FY '23 revenues during nine-month FY '24. Based on our current auto 
book, which stands at INR37,890 million, we are very confident of achieving the full year 
guidance.  
Net working capital at the end of December was at 117 days on an annualized basis, lower than 
the 135 days at the end of the previous quarter. Our inventory was higher as we have to make 
advance purchases, keeping in mind the requirements of the upcoming quarters. Our net debt 
stood at the end of the quarter, adjusted for unutilized proceeds, was at about INR2,449 million, 
compared to INR1,924 million at the end of the previous quarter. Our ROE and ROCE adjusted 
for unutilized portions of the proceeds, were at 18.6% and 16.8% respectively, for the nine-
month FY '24. 
We continue to make progress on our expansion plans and continuously adding newer lines 
across various facilities. In Chamarajanagar we have operationalized alpha and beta blocks and 
gamma block is getting ready. We have started work on operationalizing our Pune facility which 
was acquired recently. 
All these expansions will help the company ramp up its production significantly over the coming 
quarters. I would like to thank our esteemed investors for their tremendous support and faith in 
the company for the recently concluded QIP.  
On OSAT, we have provided Government of India all the requisite details and hopeful of hearing 
positive outcomes shortly. We have also started preliminary construction work in Telangana and 
hopeful of meeting the desired timeline for the same. We will be sharing final details as we make 
further progress on the same. We look forward to your continuous support on this journey ahead. 
With this, I would request all participants to come in with their questions. I now open the floor 
for questions. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Nitin Sharma from M.C. Pro Research. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Hello. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Two questions. First of all, your gross margin has 
come down compared to the last quarter. Is it because of change in the type of orders on the 
industrial side? And how should we see it going ahead? 
Management: 
Thank you for the question. Fundamentally, one small change in the way we compute our gross 
margin was done compared to the last year. Earlier, we used to compute all the consumables 
which are pertaining to one particular project as part of expenses. 
So the gross margin was about 1.5% higher than what it is today. So whatever gross margin we 
are showing now, we have to add a quantum of 1.5% approximately to make it comparable with 
the gross margins last year. Having said that, it is still not equal to the gross margins last year. 
This is primarily because a lot of new projects have been onboarded. If you notice, we are 
growing at a very high rate. So all the new orders in the first few quarters, by the time we manage 
all the materials, supply chain and proper pricing and forecast, etcetera, it takes a bit of time. 
And that's why the gross margin appears to be a tad lower. 
But fortunately for us, the operating leverage will be better than expected because the sales 
numbers are higher than what we have been expecting so far. So on an overall basis, I think we 
will be able to match the numbers on a PAT basis. Thank you. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Understood. Secondly, where do you see your working capital day stabilizing? I think it 
continues to remain elevated. So some understanding with regards to that would be helpful? 
Management: 
Yes, so in the end of the first two quarters, it was primarily driven by inventories. It was 135 
days net working capital at the end of the second quarter, that is half year. And at the end of the 
third quarter, it has come down to 117. We are confident that we will certainly bring it down 
below what we saw last year -- last two years have been 98-99 days. We will certainly bring it 
below these two numbers by the end of March. 
 
Because March quarter we'll do significant amount of sales. Almost 35% to 40% of the annual 
sales happens in March quarter. So we are quite confident that we can bring down the 
inventories. And of course, we will also have taken some steps to control receivables. So we are 
sure that we will bring down the net working capital days much below the numbers that we had 
for the last year. And going forward, we have put some -- hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. You can speak, sir. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Yes. So is it possible for you to break it down in terms of inventory days, receivable days, and 
payable days in current quarter? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
You are audible on the backup phone. And the main… 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Nitin Sharma: 
Should I repeat the question? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, you could. The first question I had answered. I hope you got the answer. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Yes, sir, I did. Just to add on to that, is it possible for you to break down the number of days for 
inventory, receivables, and payables for the quarter?  
Jairam Sampath: 
I had answered that. I will repeat the answer here. Essentially, from the first half number, the 
number of net working capital days has come down from 135 to 117 now. By the end of the 
year, we are confident that both inventory and receivables will be much lower than what we had, 
because third quarter is also in terms of a larger amount of business. So we expect the net 
working capital days to come significantly below last year's total number, which was hovering 
around 98, 99 days. And going forward into FY'25 and '26, we think that we can make further 
less. Thank you. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Thank you. I'll get back in the queue. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Next question, please. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Our next question is from the line of Rahul from Haitong India. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Rahul: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in the first nine months, we've seen 
order backlog improvement. I want to know where the margins are in the first nine months. How 
is the margin profile of the order book that you have right now with you? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, so there are some new orders which we have executed during the first three quarters, which 
has pulled down the margins a little compared to what we probably anticipated. But at the end 
of the year, on a year-on-year basis, I think there will be significant drop in margins. And at that 
level, we still think that we will hold the numbers that we talked about.  
As far as the order book is concerned, it contains the order profile similar to what we have on 
the sales number. However, one small point that I want to make is that there are orders expected 
in the railway as well as in the aerospace area, which are not yet locked into the order. So we are 
awaiting the numbers. And those are going to be a significant part of our sales, especially in 
FY'25.  
So what you see now as order book is at the minimum, whatever current performance is there. 
And we will continue to get operating leverage. And next year, we will also get cost reductions 
in our materials, because all these newly onboarded customers will start getting regular supplies 
from suppliers who can give us lower prices. Broadly, that is the reason why you see quarterly 
basis some little dips sometimes.  

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
But we are confident that it's not something very alarming. And next year, certainly, we have 
these two bigger segments kicking up. And their order confirmations are there. It is just that they 
have to physically issue the order to us. And so that will happen sometime maybe March, April 
timeframe. And then you will see probably better performance also in the next year. 
Rahul: 
Okay. So FY'24 margin will be similar to or slightly lower than FY'23 is what you're saying. 
And '25 and '26, we can see some bit of improvement on that margin. That's what you're saying 
on the EBITDA level. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. In the long run, it will be similar to what we have been discussing. 
Rahul: 
Okay. Sir, typically, when you are in the process of executing an order, at what percentage of 
execution do you start booking margins? Is it 10% or is it a simultaneous booking of margin? 
How do you account for…? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. There is a small clarification. These are all just like production kind of activities. It's not a 
project. As in, it's not based on milestone completion, but it's based on number shift. The project 
refers to the customer's terminology, not really what we do. We do actually a simple production. 
That means, for instance, we enable some such aerospace customer orders from Avionics. So 
maybe they call it some project X because it is going to some X aircraft.  
But as far as we are concerned, they will order, let's say, 5,000 units of this item and 4,000 units 
of that item, etcetera. And they will give us a schedule, do so much in January, so much in 
February, and so on. So we actually shift. So our revenue recognition is after the item is shipped 
completely from our factory and based on agreed terms, so in case we have X work, both the 
99% of customers, it's always X work, wherein the responsibility for picking up and 
transportation is with the customer. The moment we ship out of our factory, we recognize the 
revenue. 
Rahul: 
Okay, fair enough. So margins are stable through the execution, whether it is a one-month 
execution period or whatever time be. So my last question is on the capex. What is the kind of 
capex that you have already done? And how do you see the capex happening over the next two 
or three years? And if you can actually talk about how that OSAT-related capex is also planned, 
that will give us a good idea of capex over the next maybe five years. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sure, sure. So we have two sets of businesses here. One is the existing business, which is the 
ESDM business. And as I said earlier also, IPO was done last year. And November 22, we 
completed the IPO. Whatever money we have raised there is sufficient, in our opinion, to support 
CAGR's about 45% growth over time in the ESDM sector of the business, because we also are 
expecting some improvements on the working capital and all that. So the OCF and EBITDA 
percentage will improve. And by FY25 end, we expect that the ESDM part of the business will 
start generating enough resources to help with capex investment. 
So we have raised about INR250 or INR260 crores in the IPO. And that has been employed. 
And by the end of this year, probably we will complete all of those investments. We are also 
taking a little time to implement, because we also realize that while, of course, we have put in 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
the objects in approximate cost, etcetera, but we are trying to squeeze those capex's so that we 
can deliver the latest machines and also a little more capacity. So our internal thing says that on 
an annual run rate of about INR3,000 crores, we have enough capacity. And thereafter, we will 
have enough of operating cash flows to fund any more capex's for this particular business. 
The second part of the business is OSAT, the new project, which contains OSAT. And then there 
is, of course, this PC board, which is high-density interconnection. So OSAT and PC board 
projects, as we have all there in the documents that we have already uploaded, we could take a 
look at detail and we can always chat later. But suffice it to say that two years it takes to 
commence the operations meaningfully from the commercial perspective. 
Already a factory set up, building, land development, all that has started off. And we are – the 
first building is just coming up. The pillaring, etcetera, has been done. So we are on schedule as 
far as that project is concerned. And in two years' time, we start commercial commence the 
production. And that means two years means this is like a FY'26 end. You will start significant 
revenues coming in from the OSAT business. In '27 and '28, we'll see full-fledged revenues 
coming in. This is a business where you get a typical asset turnover of about 1 to 1.5. So you 
can calculate and see what kind of revenues there are. 
As far as PC board business is concerned, these are high-density interconnection boards. So the 
factory set up, etcetera, is expected to happen in about one and a half years' time. So in two years' 
time, again, we'll start getting some commercial production happening. And then again, FY'27 
and '28, you can see some good ramp-up. This business also is typically 1 to 1.5 times asset 
turnover. These are all capital-intensive businesses. But we are happy to tell you that in case of 
PC board, there's a lot of consumption that we can plan from our existing business itself because 
we do buy almost a large amount of our purchases. And the commodity is PC boards, which we 
can, of course, feed from our own unit. 
So that way, we get double benefits. One is consumption security, and then second is whatever 
margins that we actually let other companies make, we can flow it into our own company. So it 
will be a margin-accretive deal as far as PC board is concerned. So the current capital, whatever 
money we have raised, INR1,400 crores, that contains three parts. One is, of course, the OSAT. 
Second is the PC board. And third is general corporate purposes. 
General corporate purposes broadly will go into, of course, OSAT and PCB majorly. But they 
will also aim towards some of those contracts that we are having with agreements with other 
companies, etcetera. So the total package is expected to give us significant revenues in FY'27 
and '28 in these two new areas. 
Rahul: 
Okay. So this last number on the export front, how is the export in the order book and the revenue 
this quarter, nine months, whichever number you can share? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. So as far as the order book and this thing is concerned, the export is anywhere between 
15% to 20%. But next year, we expect the export to go up, because especially aerospace and the 
railways business, some exports will come in, especially in the aerospace business. Strong 
exports will come in. So next year, we can expect more exports also in our order book. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Right now, those orders have been confirmed, but not placed with the details. So that's why they 
don't enter the order book at this point in time. So currently, it's 15%, 20%. Next year, it will be 
more than that, maybe more like 25%. 
Rahul: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much, sir, and all the very best. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Most welcome, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, and congratulations on strong results, sir. My first question is to 
understand the mix and the impact in gross margins this quarter. If you see industrial segment 
has seen the sharpest jump, and simultaneously there has been a jump in share of box bill 
revenues. 
Does this corroborate to also indicate that combination of the applications for which we have 
executed this quarter were carrying significantly lower gross margins? Despite being box billed, 
it typically tends to have higher margins than conventional PCBA applications. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, yes, thank you, Renuji. See, fundamentally, one thing is I explained about 1.5% was 
hiding in expenses previous year's gross margins. So that gross margin, you must add that to 
compare it with previous year. That's pertaining to consumer base… 
Renu Baid: 
No, I'm comparing it even on a sequential basis, Q-o-Q basis. Not higher one but… 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sequential, that's not important. The second thing is as far as box billed is concerned, even for 
any new product that we do, especially in the industrial EV side, which contains a fair bit of 
percentage of sales currently. In the third quarter, the box billed came down a TAD, I think, if 
I'm not mistaken, a couple of percentage points, if I'm not mistaken, compared to last time. And 
box billed will be more profitable in the long run. 
In the long run, at least for the first two, three quarters, any new product that we onboard will 
entail more costs, whether it's developing the assembly processes, we may put more cost of 
materials, etcetera, because we have to get fulfilled short-term orders, etcetera. So you can 
expect this, let's say, correlation between box build  increase and margin increase sometime in 
the fourth quarter, you can definitely see this. Hopefully, we will get there now, because we are 
also getting some reductions in cost, etcetera. 
 
So that will take care of some of the smaller dips which are happening because of new product 
onboarding. The second thing is also vertical-wise. So obviously, the percentage of railway and 
aerospace vertical is still lower in the first three quarters than what we had anticipated. 
 
But we do have confirmations, and I think going forward into fourth quarter, we certainly will 
improve those numbers. At least currently, it's 11% and 3%, if I'm not mistaken, of the total. So 
maybe it will go up to about 13% and 5% or so. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
So that will also improve the margin. So broadly, margins will recover in the fourth quarter at 
gross level, as well as our EBITDA will also be better because we'll have further operating 
leverage. We're not planning to add any more major costs now. 
 
And revenues will be something like 35%, 40% of the whole year. So from that perspective, I 
think we can see both gross margin level improvement in Q4 as well as improvement in the 
EBITDA number, operating EBITDA number in Q4. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. So secondly, given the recent disruptions in supply chains and trade from the Red Sea, do 
we anticipate any headwinds on the inventory side of working capital, though you alluded that 
working capital will come off? So do we see any material impact on business and margins from 
this in the near term? 
 
And also aligned with this, if you can also share any business updates on the IT hardware side 
where we are working for large enterprise clients on localized solutions. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Renuji. So as far as inventory is concerned, that's what I had actually the first 
question I had alluded to that. And we are confident that we will make significant reduction in 
the net working capital, mainly driven by reduction in inventory. So reduction in inventory in 
terms of number of days, it has two components. One is the quantum of inventory. Second is the 
quantum of sale in the quarter. 
 
So when we analyse it, I think net working capital is 117. So part of that reduction will be driven 
by increasing sales. And also we have already stocked up almost all the material for the next 
quarter because we already have the order book. 
 
And based on order book, the materials have orders have been purchased. So now during this 
quarter, we'll be purchasing small amount of material for shortage balancing. So I don't expect 
any headwinds in terms of inventory being going out of control or something. 
 
So just that is one of those things which we have to watch in our business because we have two 
pressures which increases inventory. One is new orders that come in. And second is some supply 
chain disruptions that sometimes happened in the past. So those are the two things we have to 
watch. Otherwise, I expect the net working capital to come down to the expected levels by end 
of March. And on the IT hardware side, we have – excuse me. 
 
So in addition to working with one of the large government agencies for manufacture of high-
performance computing servers, we're also working with one of the governments of India entities 
for development of technology within high-performance computing servers. And shortly when 
that activity is done, we will come out and we'll announce that particular thing. So what we are 
doing is we are increasing our depth of offering in the entire IT high-performance computing 
server space. 
 
And we are also using our abilities and investments that are coming up in the Semicon and PCB 
board and HDI PC board factories so that over the next one or two years, we become let's say a 
very high value adding company in the area of servers and things like that. And as you know, 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
we already have PLI in this. So next year, you can see some good business being done in that 
area. 
Renu Baid: 
Okay. Thanks so much and best wishes, sir. Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Reenuji. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Arafat Saiyed from Incred Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes. Thanks, sir. Am I Audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes. So thanks for taking the question and congrats on great numbers. So my first question is on 
industrial EV side. So can you please elaborate which are the key clients and main products you 
are serving in this segment? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sorry, could you repeat that, Syedji? Could you repeat that question? 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes, sir. Can you please elaborate more about the industrial AV segment? So which are the key 
clients and key products in this segment? 
Jairam Sampath: 
To the extent that we have concerns, we have already published. So I'm not at liberty to publish 
names. But of course, in EV, we have all the leaders in those segments who are operating in 
India. We yet don't have too much of exports in EV. We do have some small component exports 
in EV to Europe. And we are also working on charging infrastructure EV. So they are all leading 
people in two-wheeler and four-wheeler category in India. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
Yes, thanks. And so my second question is on OSAT business. Can you please elaborate more 
about your tie-up with Google? 
 
And again, which sector you are more focused as far as OSAT is concerned? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So as far as OSAT is concerned, of course, as I've been discussing during our other meetings 
and so on, we are focused on the branded semiconductor segment. And our approach to OSAT 
is to start at the regular semiconductor assembly business, which is starting with certain packages 
which are very popularly used in most of the industrial and critical applications, and then quickly 
move on to the second stage to what is known as advanced packaging and component 
semiconductors, etcetera. 
 
So we are preparing in tandem for both the approaches. In the second approach, we require a lot 
of technology partnerships, which we have already announced a couple of them already, and we 
are going forward. As far as the first is concerned, the factory construction, which is the long-
lead item, has already started. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
And the land development has concluded. Factory construction has started off. So hopefully we 
will, by end of this year or early April, we will have the factory up and running. And we also 
kind of made arrangements for the equipment, etcetera, etcetera. So there are a lot of moving 
parts in this project, so we are quite having all of them under some kind of a control, and 
obviously a lot of effort is going into managing these. In terms of segments, they are all critical 
industrial segments, power products, etcetera. 
 
Initial packages will be QFN, BGA, then of course SOT to begin with, and then of course there's 
stack dye, QFN, stack dye BGA, etcetera. So these represent essentially critical products, but 
they are not really low-load semiconductors. So that also works well with our initial intent to 
learn this entire assembly technology, make sure how we work with the supply chain, work well 
with customers before making move to advanced packaging. 
Arafat Saiyed: 
That's it from us. Thank you.  
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from Dam Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Yes, good afternoon, sir. I just wanted to talk a little more about this DigiLens thing that you've 
announced. You know, what exactly will we be doing? I mean, we'll be doing the OSAT, the 
PCB, etcetera, and given that the plants are yet to be operational, do we start the PCB assembly 
beforehand, if you can just talk about this, and such -- and how large can this client be for us 
over a period of two, three years? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So DigiLens partnership represents our foray into a high-tech technology, which the technology 
leader, DigiLens is a technology leader in that particular technology, has chosen us to represent 
them in India. And they have also wanted some capacity for their business in the US. So this has 
got, of course, two components, one which is similar to SEMICON, not really SEMICON, but 
similar to SEMICON business. 
The other is the typical assembly business that we do, which has to be done under clean room 
conditions and all that. And I'm happy to tell you that both these activities we are pursuing, and 
we are, I think, in the process of setting up a team jointly to get trained and so on and so forth. 
The initial stage of tie-up and agreements, etcetera, has been done. 
And going forward, we will pursue both the opportunities, one which is in the SEMICON area, 
which has something to do with the innards of that particular product. It's a licensed technology, 
obviously, so I can't share more than this at this point in time but suffice it to say that our value 
footprint will be much higher than a typical manufacturing contract in the MS space. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. Got it, sir. So the other thing was on OSAT, we were looking to commission the plant in 
phases between 2Q of this year and 2Q of 2025. Given that the approval is yet pending, how -- 
by when do we expect the revenues to start kicking in? And if you can also talk about the bare 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
PCB plant, whether the land has been allocated, and when does the construction of the plant is 
expected to begin? 
Jairam Sampath: 
So as far as the bare – okay, let me answer the first OSAT business. See, OSAT approvals, I 
think, other than Micron, all other approvals are kind of just getting done now. As I speak to 
you, a lot of hectic activity is going on this week.  I think the department – I mean, I can't speak 
on their behalf, but they probably are expecting to clear most of the files this week, and we are 
quite confident that it should get cleared this week sometime. 
And because of the impending political elections, etcetera. So I think it should happen very 
shortly. We don't expect any major headwinds or any other delays there as far as that is 
concerned. As far as we are concerned, we always raise the funds one way or the other. In any 
case, the worst-case scenario is already there with us, the specs for policy and all that. 
 
So there is no need to wait for the exact approval to come in before these stakes. So we are 
already starting construction and levelling off the ground and development of ground and all 
that. So as we had earlier discussed during the various meetings and so on, so sometime first 
week of April, we should have the factory ready, at least the first phase, what we call the POC. 
 
And all the machinery manufacturers, etcetera, also we have kind of sounded them out. And so 
the first set of lines that are expected to be coming, I think we can – we are ready. And so I don't 
expect any delay in commencement of this particular project. So as far as on the customer side 
is concerned, a couple of customers have come and audited us also. 
Obviously, the orders will come only after I show the lines, so that will happen sometime in first 
quarter of next year. But otherwise, the – all other, let's say, checkbox picking has happened. 
We have had the senior people visit us and so on. So at least two of the customers we already 
completed. That's my – something that I know. 
 
Some more probably are being done as we speak. So, this time, whatever perceived delay by 
government, etcetera, we'll utilize to get our – all other activities completed and so on. So we 
don't expect any major headwind. As far as PC board is concerned, we have got a couple of 
options for land, and we are just finalizing it. 
Because this needs water and so on and so forth, so there is some little examination that is being 
done, and we have asked some experts to look at that pieces of land available to us. And we'll 
very shortly take a decision, and we are already parallelly preparing our contractors for this 
factory construction. 
 
Layout, etcetera, everything is ready. What machinery to be done, all that is ready. So you will 
not expect too much delay. We have marked about nine months for construction of this factory. 
Maybe we have to do it now on eight months. I think that's imminently doable. And then post 
that, this is being a process plant. 
It takes some time for it to become regular production. So we have given ourselves somewhere 
between one and a half to two years' time to show commercial production from this. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Bhoomika Nair: 
So the bare PCB plant will start showing up in terms of revenues only in, towards the end of 
FY26, per se? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, FY26 second half onwards you can expect. But significant one, FY27 onwards you can 
expect. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Okay. And from the OSAT perspective, it would be largely from the end of FY25. We should 
start seeing some trickling in of revenues and big time or scale up from FY26 onwards. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, the proof-of-concept phase will start from second quarter, that is, H1 of FY25. Thereafter, 
some revenues will start. But all the other lines being established and then coming, delivering 
good capacity utilization, yes. Towards the end of FY26, you will see some significant 
commercial changes. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Got it, sir. I will come back to the question. Thank you. 
Nitin Sharma: 
Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harshil Solanki from Equitric Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Hi, team. Good afternoon. I have just one question on the Kavach technology. So, sir, where are 
we on the development part of Kavach? And when can we expect the approval and tender 
participation? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Sir, can you repeat the question and just come closer to the mic, please? I did not understand.  
Harshil Solanki: 
Sir, my question is on the Kavach Technology… 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Kavach, railways. I got it. I got it. So, as far as Kavach is concerned, we are working with 
the governmental agencies to develop this product. We also – so, maybe this development being 
a critical product takes anywhere between six months to a year before we can showcase a 
solution. And then thereafter, the agencies have to take it and then approve it. So, we think 
commercial production of this Kavach-related activity should happen after maybe 1- and 1.5-
years’ time. 
 
So, at this point in time, suffice it to say that we are actively working to put all the resources 
that's required as committed to the Minister, Honorable Minister. And you can see some results 
by first quarter of next year in terms of at least protos being developed and made. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Okay, sir. Already there are players who are approved and they are executing the project also. 
So, how do we plan to compete against them after a year? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, yes, yes. No, no. good question, sir. Harshil, the issue here is that we are a non-brand 
supplier, right? We don't have a case-branded item. So, everywhere our offering is as an ODM 
to another brand player, essentially. So, the other three players that you are referring to, they 
have all been given a trial order only. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
So, they are at a stage where we will get to that stage by maybe third quarter or second quarter 
of next year. That's all. We're not that far away, actually. So, once the solution -- so, part of the 
-- we will also leapfrog in terms of timing of approval. The first three players have to probably 
bear the full burden of full-fledged approval. The design is similar. 
 
So, in our case, maybe the approval gets shorter because the future concept would have been 
done by the railways and so on. So, it's only reliability of the hardware that they will check. The 
solutions are essentially not different. It is driven by the same agency in the government. So, 
let's say, just to illustrate the thing, if they take X amount of time, we will take X minus delta X 
amount of time for approval. So, we will really not miss anything. 
 
Obviously, if you come late, we do have to get business late only. So, from that perspective, yes. 
But on the other hand, we have the additional advantage. We can offer this solution not only as 
a change player, but we can offer it to many other branded players. So, we are focusing on this 
being an ODM kind of solution. At this point in time. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Okay. So, just a clarification, we will do both OEM as well as ODM for Kavach or just one part 
of it? 
Jairam Sampath: 
No, we will do ODM and OEM both. Because if somebody, one of these three players, if they 
think that they want to use our facilities for enhancing their capability, we are always welcome 
to do that because we are adding capacities and so on. So, we are open to both OEM as well as 
ODM for Kavach. 
Harshil Solanki: 
Understood, sir. That was it. Thank you so much. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Harshil. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Thank 
you. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Yes, Good afternoon, sir. Am I audible? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Sir, my question was on employee expenses for this quarter. Is that about 4.9% of sales, which 
is about 150 bps or 1.5% lower than the average of 6%. So, is this sustainable going forward? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So, yes. What you are asking about is the operating leverage. So, if you take the… I would 
like to just explain to you, saying that out of the total INR100 of sales, there is X amount of 
money available after paying for materials. And out of that, there is an EBITDA if you remove 
that roughly about 15%-16% is available. 
This is in two parts. One is the employee and those kinds of fixed costs, which I can get the 
operating leverage. And the other part is something called variable costs, which unless I change 
the scale, it does not alter significantly. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
So, your question is whether I can get operating leverage further? Simple answer, yes. We will 
get operating leverage further, maybe over this year and even next year. [inaudible]. Yes. We 
will get the operating leverage. And so, part of the operating leverage comes from employee 
costs. Other parts come from other fixed costs. So, we will get significant reduction due to 
operating leverage.  Thereafter, again, we will have to increase the quantum of these costs. And 
again, the sales goes up again. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the drop in gross margins for the last four quarters now. 
And that coincides with the contribution, lower contribution from medical and from IoT and 
consumer products, which used to combine the 20% to the revenue last year. And this quarter, 
it is at 10% combined, medical, consumer, and IoT products. So, how much of the impact on the 
gross margin is due to the lower contribution from these segments? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. I will take a step back and say, lower gross contribution is also a function of lower 
composition from railway and aerospace. You see, aerospace is some 2%-3%, and railway is 
about 10%-11%. In the fourth quarter, you can expect these numbers to go up at least 
significantly, 2%-3% in each of these segments. And that will definitely impede any erosion of 
margin on a blended basis by any other segments like industrial, IoT, etcetera, going up. 
And as far as the medical is concerned, while medical is a good margin business, but the client 
onboarding takes a little longer time. So, we have been working with the client for the last one 
year, and we expect, if not, I think today probably the client visit is there and so on. So, we will 
come to know. 
 
Hopefully, we will get some execution clearance in JFM. If not, FY '25, we will start getting 
medical. So, the contribution of reduction due to medical and IT not working is not very high, 
but aerospace and railway not picking up to their original level, that does hurt us a little. 
 
But I am happy to tell you that that is now fixed, and last quarter and next year full, you will see 
some good action in that area. 
Lokesh Mani: 
Great. Thank you so much for answering my question. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Yes. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. By the way, the name is Venkatesh Balasubramaniam. 
Now, coming to the question, we actually heard your TV interview where you mentioned that 
you are quite confident of your 18 billion kind of revenue guidance for the full year, which 
basically means [INR6.3 billion] of revenues in the fourth quarter. You also mentioned that 15% 
plus margins is possible. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
I mean, it will be slightly better than last year. So, last year, actually, you did 14.9%. So, even if 
I assume 15%, that basically means that in the fourth quarter, you have to do 17.6%, a margin 
level which you have historically not achieved. So, is this a number which is feasible? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thanks, Venkatesh. So, yes, obviously, there are a lot of moving parts to this math, okay? So, 
of course, I had qualified my thing in the TV interview saying we will try and get some of the 
next year numbers of orders executed this year, essentially in the aerospace and railway area. 
So, it's possible to do 17, etcetera, in a quarter if you have a reasonably good proportion of 
railway electronics and aerospace electronics, okay? If the proportion of business in the other 
lower margin segments is increasing, then it may not work so much, but certainly it will be much 
higher. EBITDA is driven by two aspects. One is gross margin; the other is operating leverage. 
So, like I said to previous analysts, we are likely to get some more benefit of operating leverage 
during Q4. So, that will give you at least 1% or 2% higher EBITDA numbers by itself, because 
we will do minimum 1800, and God willing, we can probably work towards more too. And then 
in terms of the composition of the business, we are likely to – we're trying to make sure that if 
there are orders for railway and aerospace that we can execute now, then we'll give preference 
for those orders. So, these factors put together, it looks like it is very feasible to hit the last year's 
EBITDA number, okay? And probably do more. 
 
It depends on how much we are able to execute. The moment we have confirmation on – see, 
there is only one thing which is between us and this performance, whether we get confirmation 
on receipt of all components for all the different orders that we receive in short cycle. So, that's 
what is right now happening. So, hopefully we – it is – simple answer to your question is 
certainly feasible. Whether it will happen or not, I can't talk about future, but I think by all 
different, let's say, factors that affect it, I think it looks like we can get there. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, okay. The second question is not related to numbers. It is on the OSAT business. Now, 
we are already in – January has ended, Feb is starting, you are telling you already started work 
on your OSAT factories in terms of construction of the factory. We have not got the subsidy 
approval yet. Anytime now, the election code of conduct – rather the election date might be 
announced. You know, let's say they say that April is general election. So, the election code of 
conduct will immediately kick in. 
 
So, will the India Semiconductor Mission be in a position to even make an announcement, even 
if you get approved? And so, that is the first part. What happens if the whole thing gets delayed 
and the decision is actually decided post-general election? So, it is possible that you might – 
even post-general election, you might have to wait for another two to three months. So, we might 
be waiting till June. So, is it worth the risk of starting construction on the factory when this kind 
of delay is possible? That is one thing. 
The second part of the question is, is it that given that you will make an application and you will 
100% get the subsidy, isn't there any likelihood that the government might say maybe, your JV 
partner is not okay, I am not comfortable, I need more assurance. So, isn't it too much of a risk 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
to start work? Because without the subsidy, I am not sure whether the business is financially 
very feasible. So, that is one part of the question. 
Similarly, on the other subsidies, around 25% subsidy was supposed to come from the state 
government. In PCB, you are supposed to get 20% and 25% from the central government and 
state government. Has any of the subsidies come? And if the subsidies have not come, doesn't it 
make sense to wait for the subsidy before you, the official communication before you start 
constructing? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Venkatesh. These are questions that were in our minds for the last three quarters. Okay. 
Having said that, as far as building expense is concerned, we are not risking. In fact, if you 
notice, we have also published how much of money we raised in QIP and where it resides. We 
have already funded it through our earlier general corporate purposes. Of course, now we will 
shift that expenditure from the previous IPO to this IPO. 
 
So, that’s we paid about 56%, INR56 crores, sorry, INR48 crores for the land. Plus this 
construction starting work, the first shed, is not going to cost you excess of some INR10, INR15 
crores, okay. But it gives you huge benefit in terms of lead time because the cement and all this 
concrete and all of these things and the entire ground levelling, these are all long lead items. 
 
They are not very high-cost items. The high-cost items are the machines, actually. So, here, all 
said and done, we will not spend more than INR100 crores on land and building, actually 
speaking in the of course, the first POC stage. We are not talking about risking a whole lot of 
capital here. The second thing is you see the worst-case scenario. 
 
You talked about, of course, there are questions on whether the government will be able to 
announce, etc. So, whatever little we understand from our interactions is that they would 
definitely do it in a very short time, even probably within this week or early. But we can't speak 
on behalf of somebody without knowing exactly what is on their mind. 
 
So, I leave it to their discretion to do this. But in terms of whatever we understand, the 
government is interested in pushing this particular agenda, saying that they will approve all of 
these prior to the announcement of any election, etcetra. Because the moment they announce 
elections and all of these things correctly set, it gets postponed by 2-3 months. 
 
So, we are not talking about risking a huge amount of capital here. We are talking about building 
a building. The worst case, the worst case, supposing we say something dramatic happens, etc. 
 
Then also, these buildings are generic buildings. We are not actually putting a clean room right 
now. The clean room, etc., comes in later. All of those kinds of things come in a little later. So, 
we probably will, we can use it for other purposes too. It's not that this building will actually 
become waste or something. 
 
But on the other hand, the possibility of such things is pretty remote, actually speaking. And we 
are pretty confident that this whole system, all these questions will probably shortly get 
answered. And the other question about whether if you apply, you will get approval. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
The government is not working in a rejection or acceptance methodology. What we have seen 
is that supposing there are 10 parameters in the project execution, they take one by one and work 
with you to get that right. It's not as if you write an application with 10 items and then they say, 
it may say 5  is not good, so get out. 
 
It's not like that at all. Each and every item they discuss with you. And there's a big 
semiconductor mission team also. 
 
Some of them are technical experts and so on. They also help us to solve those problems. They 
also work with us to make sure that if there is some particular agreement, for instance, some 
foreign partner, how much investment should be there, etc., etc. They work with us. And we 
have got in every one of those areas, we have got plan B and plan C also in place. So it's not as 
if we get badly off if they don't accept our point of view in one particular area. 
 
We have and see the biggest proof of the pudding is in eating. So customers' confidence, which 
we are able to get from some two or three large silicon companies. So that is weighing in our 
favor. 
 
So all in all, put together, I think it's not a big risk to, yes, it would have been nice if they had 
announced everything last month itself. We could have gone to the next stage. But nothing is 
lost because we are covering all the long lead items with a minimal risk. 
 
You know, the land is never a risk. Already the land appreciation there, if you really see, I can't 
really talk about it, but it's a huge land acquisition already in those places. Right next to our 
building is a villa, etc. 
 
Those are all going at multiple times what we have paid for and all that. So in real terms, 
economic terms, no, nothing lost. It is just that it's a little bit irritating to keep waiting and, you 
know, some of these things. 
 
But I guess what is not in our hands, we have to do whatever best. So we also don't want a 
situation in which the last moment government approves and says, hey, where is your factory in 
April, you know, because you put that in DPR. So we don't want to get caught on the wrong 
foot. 
 
We want to maintain timelines. As far as the state government procedure is concerned, we are 
in possession of a government order, which is like almost a check being issued. We've got certain 
conditions that you have to commence operation by this time, etc. 
 
That is why we are in a hurry to make sure that we don't lose time. The last moment somebody 
gives approval and then after that we are short of one month, then it becomes a big problem. 
V. Balasubramanian: 
Thanks a lot for those detailed answers. I hope you get your approval this week. And also, I hope 
that you meet not only me, you meet your guidance also. All the very best.  
Jairam Sampath: 
No, no, absolutely. Thanks. Appreciate it. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So thank you all for attending this and very nice and value adding questions. We had a very 
nice discussion and we have noted down all the concerns and all that. 
 
Those have been answered. The remaining, you can always get in touch with myself or Neeraj. 
And we'll be happy to take you through details as we are permitted to. 
 
Thank you once again. Have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JM Financials, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
