 
February 20, 2024 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537 
                    
The Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call on February 13, 2024 
 
This has reference to our communication dated February 13, 2024 and pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 46(2)(oa)(ii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the 
transcript of the conference call held on February 13, 2024, on the Company's performance for 
the 3rd quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023, is enclosed herewith. The said 
transcript is also available on Company's website at: 
 
https://assets.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/19210814/Q3-FY24-call-Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal  
Company Secretary 
FCS6669 
 
 
Enc: As above 
Ashish Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2117, 
pseudonym=1334468598900485079gGu4B67ly5Cuy, 
2.5.4.20=1bae016adfa46bb588a685c7f2771bc2dc417f4500
a4a36bf9dcb2b25f0928f6, postalCode=400064, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=2d484d33b95e6004b8529e3fc750f2413e1a
7b7b01ecb532e879129f4a45d565, cn=Ashish Ramesh 
Agarwal 
Date: 2024.02.20 14:47:39 +05'30'

 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q3 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in 
conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the 
transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate 
transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the 
event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error. 
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. 
In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance, 
and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” 
or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. 
These uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in such 
forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements.  

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh, Head of Investor 
Relations, Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thanks. Hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 FY '24 earnings discussion. We hope 
you've had an opportunity to review the results. 
 
Today, we are joined by our Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka, along with 
the senior management team. We will start the call with opening remarks from Mr. 
Goenka, followed by commentary on financial performance by Mr. Rohit Gupta, our 
Chief Financial Officer. We will subsequently open the floor for Q&A session. 
 
Before we get started, let me remind everyone that some of the statements made or 
discussed on today's conference call will be forward-looking in nature and must be 
viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. The company does not 
undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements publicly. 
 
With that, I'll now hand the call over to Mr. Goenka for his opening remarks.  
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you, Mahesh. Good evening, everyone. I hope all of you are doing well. Thank 
you for taking the time out today to join the call as we discuss the company's 
performance in the third quarter of financial year 2024. 
 
I am accompanied today by our CFO, Rohit Gupta, who will take you through the 
Company’s performance and overall market dynamics in detail, while I will touch upon 
our plans for the future. 
 
Before we begin, let me address the points pertaining to the merger. As you all are 
aware, the Company’s proposed merger was terminated by Sony through a 
communication received on 22nd January 2024. The same was reviewed by our Board 
and appropriate steps have been taken in consultation with the legal experts, that are 
in the best interest of all our shareholders and stakeholders. We have even 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
approached the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) to seek directions on the 
implementation of the scheme. 
 
I would like to mention that as a member of the founding family of ZEE, as a 
shareholder of the Company, and most importantly, as the leader of this organisation, 
I certainly wanted the merger to be implemented. In line with this aspiration, we even 
took several steps towards divestment or closure of profitable businesses in the 
domestic and international markets. I personally offered several proposals and 
solutions to Sony, to address their demands, but unfortunately, they remained 
unaccepted. Since the matter is sub-judice, I would not like to say more and let the law 
take its own course. 
 
I am a firm believer in learning from the past, living in the present and believing in the 
future. Therefore, I would prefer to talk about the Company and its potential to deliver 
a stronger growth trajectory going forward. 
 
Over the last few years, the overall macro-economic environment remained soft due 
to weak consumption patterns in some markets. As a result, the advertisement 
revenues were impacted. Subscription revenue growth, on the other hand, also 
remained impacted due to the NTO related issues. The headwinds are certainly 
beginning to ease, since the slowdown is cyclical and transitory in nature; and not a 
structural one. 
 
Although we continue to post moderate growth, the momentum remains slow as the 
overall sentiment is yet to fully recover. As a result, we are implementing certain 
strategic steps, in order to enhance our performance in the coming quarters. I want to 
take this opportunity to reiterate that ZEE continues to have strong business 
fundamentals. The Company’s intrinsic value remains intact, and I have chalked out a 
firm and structured plan to bring back our margins to industry-beating levels and drive 
growth for the future. How I envisage taking the Company forward in the coming 
quarters, is centred around three key aspects, which are part of our intrinsic DNA. The 
first being, Frugality. Second is Optimisation And third, but the most important is Sharp 
Focus on Quality Content. 
 
ZEE is well-equipped for the future with immense capabilities to identify and capture 
the emerging opportunities in an evolving landscape. We are agile, with a strong 
entrepreneurial spirit, making us the best across the industry. The three-pronged 
approach I mentioned, will elevate and further streamline our existing capabilities in 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
line with our robust growth plans. Let me briefly touch upon each of the three points 
I just mentioned. 
 
Over the last three decades, the Company has been recognised for its fiscal prudence 
across the industry, and going forward, there will be a sharper emphasis on Frugality, 
with a crystal-clear focus on quality and output. 
 
Across verticals – including technology, content, and marketing we are implementing 
steps to optimise spends and enhance the return on investments. A sound 
recalibration of the OTT cost structure will be an integral part of this process. 
 
In terms of Optimisation, our aim is to enhance our productivity by implementing a 
structured resource optimisation drive. This also means enhancing the level of 
synergies and reducing overlaps between businesses. On the revenue side, we will take 
steps to increase the value delivery to our advertisers; apart from exploring alternate 
content monetization avenues. This also includes leveraging the strength and reach of 
our platforms.  
 
Amidst this, we will continue to maintain a sharp Focus on Quality Content by 
streamlining our content creation process for quality output without compromising on 
the delivery. Quality over quantity will be our mantra going forward. For example, it 
may result in creation of relatively lesser number of originals if required; but we will 
ensure that every piece of content we create, is superior in quality and captivating for 
our audiences. 
 
We remain optimistic that the results of these structured steps, over the next few 
quarters, will start reflecting in the Company’s performance. A gradual recovery in 
margins is expected to reflect from the second half of FY25. We certainly expect FY25 
margins to be meaningfully better than FY24. 
 
My focus is on enhancing the performance of the Company to achieve the targeted 
recovery, and we remain committed towards further fortifying our portfolio and 
competing effectively in the industry. Our FY 2026 aspiration will be to target 18 to 
20% industry-leading EBITDA margin profile. 
 
ZEE as a company is well-positioned to capitalise the growth opportunities. As a 
pioneer, ZEE has a rich legacy of over 3 decades, with a proven content creation 
expertise across languages and markets. We remain confident that ZEE’s fundamentals 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
remain unmatched across the industry, and the Company is well-equipped to compete 
as a major player in the sector. A sector, which undoubtedly has significant headroom 
for growth, given the rising income levels. Content consumption has significant 
headroom to grow due to lower penetration, favourable demographics, and 
affordability. The sector also offers a conducive infrastructure, paving way for a long-
term growth of the digital ecosystem. 
 
Harnessing the potential of the Company, of the industry at large; and most 
importantly, with the continued trust and support of our shareholders, I remain certain 
that ZEE will return to its strong operating levels, generating higher value for all our 
stakeholders. A steady state aspiration will be to target 8 to 10% CAGR revenue 
growth, with digital business growing at a much faster pace. 
 
Over the years, all our efforts have ensured that the shareholders’ interests are 
protected, and I seek their faith in our abilities as we implement the strategic steps for 
a better tomorrow.  
On that note, I would like to hand over the call to Rohit, to share the financial and 
operating metrics of our performance in the third quarter. I look forward to interacting 
with all of you during the Q&A session later. 
Thank you. Over to you Rohit. 
Rohit Gupta: 
Thank you, Punit. Good evening, everyone, and great to connect with all of you. I will 
briefly touch upon some of the key financial highlights. 
 
Q3FY24 was a steady quarter wherein festive season strength was partially offset by 
Cricket. During the quarter, we saw some gradual pickup in Ad spending led by FMCG. 
As a result, our Ad revenues were up 4.9% QoQ. The pace of Ad spend recovery is still 
muted and that reflects in YoY comparison, wherein Ad revenues are still lower by 
3.4%. While we have seen some recovery in last few months, many of our large FMCG 
brands are still circumspect on volume recovery and rural demand and hence, we will 
continue to be cautious in the near term on pace of Ad revenue growth. 
With NTO 3.0 having enabled TV subscription revenue growth and step up in Zee5 
subscription, our subscription revenues continue to inch up and for YTD FY24 are up 
9% YoY. TV industry landscape remains healthy and TV viewership is at its peak in the 
past 9 quarters. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Our broadcasting business remains healthy and 78% of the Zee portfolio has gained 
share in FY24 YTD. We have gained 40 bps share in FY24 YTD compared to same period 
last year, and Zee has had highest share growth amongst all networks. Zee is fastest 
growing network in South, has widened its lead over competitor in East region, and 
has consolidated its leadership in Hindi movies and Marathi movies. Zee TV and Zee 
Marathi remains two large opportunities for network share gain which we are working 
on. Encouragingly, Zee Marathi has shown some green shoots post interventions in 
December and January.  In Q3FY24, our viewership share performance was impacted 
by Cricket, coming in at 16.5%. 
 
On digital side, ZEE5 continues to make progress in-line with our strategic priorities. 
ZEE5 continues to grow at a healthy pace and during the nine months period, ZEE5 
revenues are up 31% YoY. Driven by prudent cost management, ZEE5 quarterly EBITDA 
loss has further narrowed by Rs 99 mn QoQ. ZEE5 Q3FY24 revenue were up 14.9% YoY 
and declined 15.8% QoQ, as Q2FY24 revenues were aided by a digital syndication deal. 
Our original content continues to resonate well with viewers, and we released 19 
shows and movies, including 5 originals during the quarter. 
 
Coming to the movie business, during Q3FY24, Zee Studios released 6 movies (3 Hindi 
and 3 regional) with 12th Fail, Khichdi 2 and Naal 2 being some of the headline names. 
“Other Sales and Services” revenues declined 36% YoY on the back of fewer number 
of movies produced and released. This revenue is lower 83% QoQ as Q2 FY24 revenues 
were aided by strong box office performance of Gadar 2, Bro and King of Kotha. Given 
the nature of movies business, there is always going to be some quarterly peaks and 
troughs. 
 
On Music business, Zee Music Company (ZMC) continues to #2 music channel with 
over 146 mn subscribers of YouTube and over 41 bn total video views during the 
quarter driven by ZMC new-age music catalogue and rich library. 
 
Now moving to costs and Profitability, in Q3 FY24, overall operating cost declined by 
12.8% QoQ due to lower content costs, fewer movie releases and continued cost 
optimization in ZEE5. Given our business has high operating leverage, despite effective 
cost management, EBITDA margins have declined to 10.2%, down by 340 bps QoQ, 
and down by 720 bps YoY due to adverse operating leverage on lower revenues.  PAT 
from continued operations for the quarter came in at Rs 533 mn. Net profit for the 
quarter and year was impacted by merger expenses related exceptional item which for 
Q3 stood at Rs 603 mn. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
On balance sheet side, our focused efforts have enabled us to further strengthen our 
liquidity and financial position. During the quarter, we generated strong FCF driven by 
optimisation of working capital. The cash & treasury investments increased during the 
quarter and as of Dec’23 stood at Rs 8,286 mn, which includes Cash balance of Rs 6,166 
mn and FDs of Rs 2,120 mn. Our content inventory continued to decline in Q3 driven 
by optimised acquisition. Dec’23 Content inventory, advances and deposits were at Rs 
75.2 bn, lower by Rs 4.4 bn on YTD basis. Also, receivables from Dish have been fully 
normalised and past dues have been all caught up. 
 
Now a bit of colour on road ahead as we embark on this new phase as a standalone 
Zee, we are confident about our longer-term growth prospects and headroom for 
margin improvement given our broad content portfolio, diversified offerings, and 
margin improvement levers in our business. While our recent performance has been 
subdued, a large part of this has been due to temporary and transitory factors, and 
structural strength and attractiveness of business is still very strong, giving us 
confidence on our recovery path.  Please do keep in mind that, it’s just been barely 
three weeks since we have started to revisit our plans as standalone Zee and we are 
still working through all the details. Hence, what we are putting out is an aspirational 
view based on our initial assessment, it’s not a formal guidance.  
Our steady state aspiration will be to target 8-10% overall revenue CAGR with the 
current portfolio and to get back to 18-20% industry-leading EBITDA margin profile in 
a stable macro environment. While we will be somewhat dependent on macro 
recovery for overall revenue growth, we still have a better degree of control on our 
cost structure, and we are revisiting that with a frugality and fiscal prudence mindset. 
There are several identified cost leavers, however, there will be one-time costs and 
lead time associated in implementing these interventions. As a result, for next 3-6 
months we will likely have some pressure on margins due to incurring one-time higher 
costs towards implementing these interventions. As we come out of that phase, 
beginning H2 FY25, we expect to see gradual margin improvement and we will 
continue to build on that foundation with an aim to get to our steady state 18-20% 
EBITDA margin aspiration by FY26.  
 
Back to you Mahesh 
 
Mahesh Singh: 
Thanks, Rohit. Sagar, we can open the call for Q&A. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the Q&A session. The first question is 
from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hi, sir. Couple of questions from me. First of all, so given where the agreement with 
Sony seems to have fallen through. As of now, what is the state of the company in 
terms of people retaining -- I mean, are you being able to retain people? Or is the 
attrition coming high over the last 15 days or a month or so? And when you are talking 
about margins slipping, do you mean that margins will remain at current levels? Or do 
you think that it will come down from current levels also as you implement your plan? 
And then you will come back to current levels in H2 FY25? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, we have not seen any attrition in the last 15 days or three weeks since we've 
received the termination notice from Sony. But as we talked about frugality, tightening 
our belts on manpower also will be part of that plan going forward. Not to say that I'm 
saying that there are going to be large levels of layoffs, but we will have to see which 
are the overlaps in my opening remarks that I talked about between businesses. . 
 
Second point on the question of the margins. As Rohit said, that it's been just three 
weeks since we've been evaluating our plans to move forward on a standalone basis. 
So please do give us some more time to come back to you with more detailed color, 
which we should be able to do within a matter of next couple of months and give you 
a far more detailed analysis of that. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. And just one last question with regards to the rights to the ICC events. 
You have given that your counsel believes that you do not have any liability, because 
there were some lapses on the part of Star. But they will become a much more well-
capitalized business as of now the way things seem to be panning out. So, if you could 
give us some clarity on what kind of lapses have happened on their part that would 
give us some comfort. 
Punit Goenka: 
Abhisek, that's not something that I would like to comment on at this call. All points 
pertaining to this matter have been elaborated in detail in the notes to the accounts 
that we have just published. I understand you may not have had enough sufficient time 
to go through those. But for now, I would request you to refer to the same for more 
clarity. I would not be in a position to offer any further comments on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financials. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And Punit, good to see a resolute guidance, given 
the circumstances. My question is on the strategy going forward. It seems like the 
complete reset for Zee. So one, some of the initiatives we had taken around sports, 
ILT20, etcetera. Any rethink on that line? That's point number one. And point number 
two, on margins, if you can break it down into the margins for linear business and for 
OTT, because we have seen even in our own past the linear TV margins were in mid-
30s. 
And even globally and in different parts of the world, you've seen this to be a much 
more profitable business. So, 18% to 20% margin looks much better than from where 
we are. But it looks like we can do better. So, any thought or any colour in terms of 
how we are thinking about linear business versus OTT margin in our guidance? Thank 
you so much. 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, Abhisek. So as Rohit talked about the fact that majority of our current business 
comes from the linear vertical. Obviously, the margins would be skewed in favour of 
that vertical going forward as well. But we have demonstrated over the last several 
quarters that Zee investments in the OTT business have already peaked. And you can 
see that the margin profile there is improving. In terms of the loss quarter-on-quarter 
is coming down, even if it's just marginal or not. 
So from that perspective, it will be a combination of the two. And also, lastly, as I again 
mentioned in my opening remarks, frugality will be a key thing. Your first question on 
the sports business, etcetera, I think we will be relooking at the entire portfolio of the 
business to see which is the businesses that will add maximum value to our portfolio 
going forward. And therefore, what we need to focus on and what we do not focus on 
going forward. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure. Maybe just one quick follow-up on the margin question. So from our modelling 
perspective also, what comes first? I mean do you see growth to be a precursor for the 
margins to go up to 18% to 20%? Or irrespective of the growth over the next 1-1.5 
years, we are confident of taking up the margin to our aspiration level? Thank you. 
Punit Goenka: 
I think that level of detail you can probably take offline with Rohit and Mahesh, 
Abhisek. Rather than getting into this, I think we can move on from here for now. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Sure, sure. Okay. Thank you. And all the best. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes. My question is surrounding the new revised interconnection offer (RIO) copy, 
which was filed recently. So just wanted to check if the revised pricing is into force or 
not. And if yes, what is the average price hike across bouquets And in that context, 
how should we see the subscription revenue growth for the next couple of years? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, I think the average price increase across the bouquets is between 6% to 8%. It 
varies from market-to-market. And we are working towards achieving that going 
forward from there. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Sir, one last question from my side. I don't know if I should be asking this. But 
is it possible to list out one or two critical conditions that were not being met which 
led Sony to pull out? Because if I recollect properly in the exchange notification that 
we had submitted, you had made your stance clear with respect to the CEO 
candidature. So is there something more to it, which you want to call out, especially 
with respect to critical conditions? 
Punit Goenka: 
I think that best-suited person for that is Sony to answer. And whatever they have 
claimed in their termination notice, we have responded to that. And it is available in 
public domain for you to have a look at. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
On subscription revenue, we see in the 9 months, there is around INR230 crores 
absolute incremental growth on subscription revenue. Is it largely coming from the 
ZEE5 revenue growth? 
Rohit Gupta: 
It's a mix. So part of the growth is, of course, like I said in the opening remarks, it's 
coming from ZEE5 subscriptions going up. Part of it is also with NTO 3.0, now that it 
has been implemented, so that has also contributed to the overall subscription growth. 
So it's a mix of both linear and digital subscriptions growing. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Arun Prasath: 
All right. So this NTO 3.0-related impact, can you just separately call out how much is 
that? Rough calculation tells me it's around 3 to 4 percentage. Is it in the vicinity of 
that? 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
We haven't given the splits on that. 
Rohit Gupta: 
Yes, but it will be broadly around that. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right.. And this, we expect going by our increase in the Pack rates that is bouquet rates. 
This can be substantially more around 6 percentage to 7 percentage. Is that the right 
understanding? 
Punit Goenka: 
As I've always guided that it'll be in the mid to high single-digit kind of numbers going 
forward. 
Arun Prasath: 
All right. But that never materialized, except for this year. So that's why we are asking, 
specifically. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
No, I think If you look at Arun, our subscription revenues have been growing in high 
single digits, closer to 10% sort of range, even when we look at this 9-month growth, 
which you alluded to, that's a 9% number. You look at the quarter, year-on-year, that 
again is a 9% to 10% kind of adjusted growth number. So the TV doing mid-plus single-
digit kind of number has been there. And then, of course, that gets a lift from digital 
growing at a faster pace. 
Arun Prasath: 
Okay. Secondly, on the if I again exclude ZEE5 numbers and look at the linear TV on its 
own, our margins are around 24% to 25% kind of absolute lowest in the last maybe 
after the March, I understand, but for a festival quarter, I don't remember linear TV 
delivering this kind of margins. So, is it something one-off or its we spent more than 
what we are supposed to, how should we look at this? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, I think the two reasons that we alluded to and Rohit talked about in the beginning 
itself, that because large part of our portfolio operates in the Hindi heartland markets, 
which is yet to see the recovery from the largest segment of advertisers, which is FMCG 
in our case is one reason for this thing to happen. And the second part is, of course, 
the fact that we had some marquee sports properties in Q3, which have also eaten 
into some part of the portfolio. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Malhotra from CapGrow Capital. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Arun Malhotra: 
Post the fallout of the merger, is there any of misalignment interest between the 
minority shareholders and the promoter because the promoters hold only 4%. That's 
one. And second part of it is, are the promoter family planning to increase their stake? 
Punit Goenka: 
Arun, actually I don't think this is a forum to discuss what the promoters alignment 
towards this is going to be on the stake side. Some company's disclosure has already 
been done from some of the promoters of the company. On your first part of this 
alignment between minority shareholders and the promoters given that the 
promoters only have 4%. I have not heard of anything yet. But certainly, if the minority 
shareholders are unhappy with the promoters in any manner whatsoever, we are 
always happy to openly discuss, debate and address their concerns, whatever those 
might be. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Sure. No, I fully appreciate, but that's very clear that the markets, these shareholders 
are unhappy with what has happened. And whatever has happened has not been in 
the interest of the minority. And most of them are clueless as to what were the two or 
three critical points why the merger did not happen? Despite till the last moment, the 
management, maintaining that we are meeting all these merger conditions and the 
merger should go through. 
Punit Goenka: 
I think I've already spoken about that, Arun. So I don't know how much more we can 
dwell into that. We will have to go with the matter being subjudice and let the law play 
out, however it plays out in that manner. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Okay. Lastly, in terms of business, do you foresee '25, '26 to be much better, as you 
said. Would there be more concrete plans that could be shared with the shareholders, 
just to give them more confidence that the Zee in the new avatar is much better than 
what it could have been with. 
Punit Goenka: 
Absolutely, we will sharing more concrete plans with you hopefully, by within the next 
couple of months or during our first quarter itself, and not just '25, '26, but even '24, 
'25 will be better than '23, '24 in my view. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Alimchandani from AFRS 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
I got two specific questions. Before that, let me compliment you, Punit, and also Sanjay 
Pugalia for the excellent Tweets Jai Shree Ram, an excellent tuning. I am sure it heralds 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
a new future ahead for the organization and for the industry. Now can I come to two 
specific questions? 
Punit Goenka: 
Please go ahead, Mr. Manoj, yes. 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
Yes. One is on the deal with a Japanese company, Sony, was done on 21st of December. 
Before that agreement was done, due diligence was done, and then binding 
agreement was signed. At that time, the valuations in the market was quite low. After 
that, the market has grown, valuation of Indian market has improved for obvious 
reasons, the whole world is aware of that. So aren't we selling the company, our stake 
very cheap. When market has gone up over 50%. So the valuation on a comparative 
basis should be much higher, particularly since the market share has also gone up, and 
our performance is far better than the rivals. 
 
Everybody knows the operating condition of Disney losing subscribers and losing 
profits and also Network18 huge losses and no significant increase in market share. So 
our valuation should be much, much higher on a relative basis. And we all know, 
talented and beautiful bride always has unlimited suitors. So why just rely on one 
company at a lower valuation, when who is who of industry, whether it is Birlas or 
Mahindras, everybody wants entry in the media sector. 
 
It is essential for business and political reasons. I'm sure if conversations are held, you 
will get much, much better valuations by giving them small stakes and that will drive 
the opportunity, shareholder wealth creation. I would like to have your insights and 
thought process on this. 
 
Second point is there was a talk on creeping acquisitions statement was made, 
whenever promoters or the associates have mentioned about creeping acquisitions 
and when transaction start even a small transaction, it kicks off valuation. So when is 
it still happening? We have seen many industries, corporates where creeping 
acquisition started, they are multiplied by at least 3x. Many examples are there for 
that. 
So what's your thought process on this creeping acquisition happening and quick time 
and when we'll be having this and so we can also easily get if not 3x, maybe 2x in the 
next few months, these are the triggers the whole market appreciates. 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
We are very happy with your informal guidance of 18% margins. And I hope in the 
financial models of all A-Class analyst, when they consider this and a conservative 
growth of 8% to 10%, you have mentioned, the whole models then the re-rating will 
happen. 
 
Thank you once again for opportunity. Look forward to a detailed response from you 
on each of these three points. And hats off to you. Keep Tweeting. We look forward to 
your Tweets. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you very much, Manoj, for your kind words for the Tweets. And secondly, on 
your first point, again, let me thank you for your confidence in the company's potential 
valuation going forward. And I'm certain with shareholders like yourselves and your 
confidence on the company, we will achieve much higher heights going forward. So 
we will continue to work towards building shareholder value, come what may. 
 
On the creeping acquisition, Manoj, I have already commented that, that's a promoter 
subject. Today we are here addressing the quarter 3 results of Zee. And I think some 
of the promoters have already made their intent public. Beyond that, I will not be in a 
position to comment here in terms of either the timing or the quantum of the creeping 
acquisition. 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
Can I speak on one small observation, in the interest of all stakeholders. 
Punit Goenka: 
Please do. 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
Yes. One important point is there are rivals who are using proxy advisers and using 
unethical means against the interest of the company, and also in the cases of 
shareholder, directors appointment. We are very concerned it may happen in the 
future. We should ensure by proper complaints with regulators that proxy advisers 
should not misuse their position and everybody is aware, maximum unethical means 
are used by rivals. And most of them are quite weak. 
 
A few amounts here and there make a big difference compared to the net worth of 
those proxy advisers and individuals connected. And some of them may be 
bureaucrats, past bureaucrats also. So this is an observation. If some action is initiated 
proactively initially, it will help the corporate and industry significantly. 
 
Not only that, it will also help the Industry Minister’s FDI goals. He has mentioned FDI 
goal is slipping. And not to worry, in the future, it will be made up. One of the main 

 
 
ZEE Entertainment Enterprises Limited February 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
reasons for fall in FDI is that this transaction, where FDI was expected much, much 
earlier. So I’m sure Punit, Piyush Goyal will also be disappointed with the Japanese 
company’s step for their own agenda. And with this, I wish you all the best. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you very much, Manoj. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Mahesh Pratap Singh for closing comments. 
Mahesh Pratap Singh: 
Thank you, Sagar. 
 Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We hope all your questions were answered. 
Do feel free to reach out if you have any follow-up questions or if your query remains 
unanswered. We will be available and look forward to speaking to you next quarter. 
Thanks so much, and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
