 
 
 
 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Scrip Symbol: LEMONTREE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 541233 
 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Ref: Outcome of Conference Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to the disclosure made on February 9, 2024 wr.t. 
the audio recordings of the conference call on Unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2023 held on Thursday, February 8, 2024 at    
4:00 PM IST, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call with 
investors/analysts. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You 
 
For Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Verma  
Group Company Secretary  
and Compliance Officer  
M. No. F 7210  
 
JYOTI 
VERMA
Digitally signed 
by JYOTI VERMA 
Date: 2024.02.13 
18:45:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 08, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Lemon Tree Hotels Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Lemon Tree Hotels 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Patanjali Keswani, 
Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. Kapil Sharma, Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company. 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the 
management, following which we will have the forum open for an interactive 
question and answer session. Before we start, I would like to point out that 
some statements made in today's call maybe forward-looking in nature and a 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation that was 
shared with you earlier. I will now request Mr. Keswani to make his opening 
remarks. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call. I will be 
covering the quarterly business highlights and the financial performance for Q3 
FY24, post which will open the forum for your questions and suggestions. In 
Q3, Lemon Tree Hotels continued its growth momentum from the previous 
year. Q3 was the best ever Q3 performance in terms of ARR, Revenue and 
EBITDA. Q3 FY24 recorded a gross ARR of Rs. 6,333 which increased 10.4% 
Y-o-Y and 20% Q-o-Q. Occupancy for the quarter decreased by 163 bps Y-o-
Y and by 572 bps Q-o-Q. This translated into a RevPAR of Rs. 4,176 which 
increased 7.7% Y-o-Y and 10.6% Q-o-Q. Total revenue for the company was 
Rs. 291 crore which was higher by 24% Y-o-Y and 26.4% Q-o-Q. 
The net EBITDA margin for the company in Q3 FY24 stood at 48.8%, which 
decreased by 547 bps Y-o-Y and increased 325 bps Q-o-Q. The decrease in 
EBITDA margin Y-o-Y was mainly owing to planned increase in payroll and 
renovation expenses above that spent in Q3 FY23 and some impact of Aurika, 
Mumbai, Skycity which opened on 5th October, 2023 and which is not yet 
stable. The renovation expense for the portfolio increased by Rs. 5.5 crore Y-
o-Y and by Rs. 4.8 crore Q-o-Q, which translated into a reduction in EBITDA 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
margin by about 2% points. The Keys portfolio EBITDA margin percentage 
decreased by 9% points Q-o-Q due to an increase in renovation expenses of 
about Rs. 1.8 crore over the previous quarter. Fees from managed and 
franchise contracts for third-party-owned hotels stood at Rs. 15 crore in Q3, up 
50% from Rs. 9.8 crore in Q3 FY23. Total management fees for Lemon Tree, 
including fees from Fleur hotels were up 25% Y-o-Y at Rs. 32.3 crore compared 
to Rs. 25.8 crore in the last year same quarter.  
Hotel level revenue from the owned portfolio increased by 18% Y-o-Y and 
network revenue for Lemon Tree that is the total system revenue of owned 
hotels including Aurika MIAL and managed & franchise hotels also increased 
by 18% Y-o-Y. Total network revenues stood at Rs. 1,128 crore for 9M FY24 
as compared to Rs. 950 crore in 9M FY23.  
During the quarter, we signed 9 new management and franchise contracts, 
which added 621 rooms to our pipeline and operationalize 6 hotels which 
added 967 rooms to our portfolio. I'm happy to inform you that as of 31st 
December, 2023, our operational inventory comprised 100 hotels with 9,687 
rooms and our pipeline comprise 55 hotels with 3,746 rooms. As of now, we 
expect our operation and inventory to be over 105 hotels with over 10,000 
rooms by end of FY24. 
The launch of Aurika, Mumbai, Skycity represents a major milestone in our 
company's journey. The hotel has already started to contribute positively to our 
portfolio, attracting both business and leisure travelers with its luxury facilities, 
prime location and exceptional service. With no major capital expenditure plans 
in the near future, we will now focus on strengthening our balance sheet and 
starting next year, we will be reducing our debt which will peak by the end of 
this year. With this I come to the end of my opening remarks and would ask the 
moderator to open the forum for any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Khanna: 
My first question, I'm referring to slide #11 of your investor presentation, is the 
decrease in hotel level EBITDA margin Y-o-Y across your portfolio entirely 
attributable to planned renovation expenses or are there any other reasons? 
And on the same slide that you have reported flat to declining RevPAR for 
Bangalore and Pune, while your peers have clocked much higher RevPAR. So 
what explains that? And how do you see these markets catching up for you 
with the rest of the markets going forward? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Karan, if I look at Q3 FY24 and compare it with Q3 FY23, then one is the payroll 
increase because I think I mentioned also in earlier calls that COVID had led 
to a huge backlog in terms of deferment by us in increasing salaries and so on 
and so forth. What you are seeing is a catch up to the norm. Payroll accounted 
for roughly 2.4% increase as a percentage of revenue. Remember, revenue is 
still not what it should be, because as you mentioned, Bangalore is one issue, 
Keys is another issue, and, of course, Aurika Mumbai catching up, because a 
part of this payroll increase is directly attributable to Aurika, Bombay. The 
second impact was, as we move towards more and more retail, about 0.8% of 
our revenue cost was due to increased commissions to travel agents and to 
credit cards and so on and so forth. Rent rates and taxes because of the 
opening of Aurika, Bombay and because of increases across India, these are 
by governments, were accounted for 0.6%. Other expenses, which is an 
increase in our spa and transport accounted for 0.5% and renovation 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
accounted for a little under 2%. If you add these 5 headings which is payroll, 
travel agent commissions, rent rate taxes and other expenses, and of course, 
renovation, this accounts for a 6% increase over last year as a percentage of 
revenue.  
Now when Aurika MIAL picks up because Aurika obviously proportionate to its 
inventory and its earning capacity did much much less than what it will do once 
it stabilizes. This optically appeared to be an impact on the P&L. But when 
Aurika picks up which is 13% of the total inventory and over 20% of the total 
revenue, then this will automatically reduce as a percentage of revenue. Let 
me give you a very specific way to look at it. In FY23, hotel level expenses 
were 41.6% of revenue, renovation was 1.8% of revenue, and corporate 
expenses were 4.7% of revenue. Therefore, we closed at roughly 48% of 
revenue, all these 3 main expenses, and that's why the EBITDA margins were 
about 52%. Now this year, what is happening really is that Aurika is not yet 
contributing. When Aurika starts contributing, really you will see the impact next 
year. I looked at it very broadly, this year, our expenses will total about 51% of 
revenue. Our EBITDA margins will be about 49%. Next year, as EBITDA picks 
up in Aurika, our EBITDA margins will again cross 50%. This is specifically to 
2 key markets. See, when you look at our hotels, I would urge you not to 
compare our RevPAR growth and so on and so forth with the luxury hotel 
operator because their segments are different, the price sensitivity and 
elasticity is different and so on. About 1/3 of our inventory is still in markets 
which have not really done as well as they should have as they did pre-COVID. 
Let me give you specific examples. Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and so on, 
are enormously dependent on the IT sector and hiring in that sector. And as I 
think all of us are aware, the IT sector instead of hiring, has been laying off. 
Obviously, we are looking at other sources of demand, but till that picks up, 
some of them like you mentioned very specifically Bangalore and Pune, these 
have been affected fundamentally because there has been a drop in demand 
from probably the largest demand generator for our hotels in these markets. 
Karan Khanna: 
Just continuing on Aurika MIAL, how is the ADR and occupancy levels trended 
on a month-on-month basis? How has been the customer mix for third quarter 
and how do you expect that trending during fourth quarter and possibly in 
FY25? And as a follow up, but there's also 130 Hilton Garden Inn that's being 
built right next to the hotel. How do you think of that perhaps impacting 
occupancy is more so for Lemon Tree Premier and also the Aurika MIAL? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Hilton Garden will have zero impact. It's in a completely different category. In 
Q3, we did sub-40%, in Aurika, which means we did about 250 rooms or 
something like that. It was in Q3. In Q4, we are over 60%. Obviously, as I had 
mentioned earlier and I think I said this very categorically even in the last 2 
calls that Aurika will optically have a big impact on our P&L because as an 
example, its depreciation and its interest cost because it is a leased asset, the 
land is leased from the government. Is going to have a big impact on below the 
line expenses. Aurika is a 19 plus crore below the line expense every quarter. 
In cash terms, in real interest on debt on it, it's only 6.6 crore, but there is 
another 13 crore which is the depreciation and the interest cost of the lease 
because of these new accounting standards as you are all aware. #2, Aurika, 
with 13%-14% of the total inventory, when it does under 40%, it deflates the 
entire picture. But I would urge you to look at the company excluding Aurika, 
look at it now from Q4 onwards because that is when you will see its 
stabilization. What we will do is at the year end, we will give a separate 
presentation on Aurika, Bombay how we are looking at it in Q3, Q4 and for the 
following year in broad terms. So you get a better fix. Because my expectation 
is next year Aurika will meet the company average in occupancy, and roughly 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
where we target the ARR which I mentioned to you earlier and I think both will 
be doable. 
Karan Khanna: 
My last question, If we look at your portfolio ARR growth has been around 8%-
10%. Do you believe that you will be able to reprice at mid-teens next year 
when you have mid to late 70s sort of occupancies? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Obviously, Karan, if Aurika does what I think it will do, you will see the first 
impact in this Q4, and then certainly that will give you a guideline to see what 
will happen next year. I don't want to give specific guidance. But let me put it 
this way that when Aurika starts firing, it will add 20% to our revenue, and it 
has already in terms of cost structure, I think it is quite clear that it will do in 
next year hotel operating gross margin of 60%. It will be an enormous 
contributor, and that alone will take the averages up. The rest, frankly, I think 
Delhi will do much better because when I said we are renovating, we are 
renovating with 2 strategies in mind. One is wherever we think we can reprice 
enormously, we are putting a disproportionate amount of renovation expenses 
there, and where we need to basically renovate to maintain brand standards. 
Keys, some hotels across India are getting a much smaller allocation to refresh 
them. But some hotels like Delhi, Hyderabad, and Gurgaon, these will get a 
very large investment made in them in order to reprice them more. If all that 
works, then I think you are not far off the mark when you say, we will be looking 
at mid-teens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archana Gude from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Archana Gude: 
I have 3 questions. Just to follow up on Aurika, Mumbai, any update on any 
major contracts signed during last quarter or maybe Jan of this quarter and 
some color on rates and the number of rooms signed with the corporates? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: See when the hotel of this size opens, think of it this way, it is like opening 3 
hotels in Bombay, one next to the other. Normally, it takes us 6-9 months to 
stabilize one 220 room hotel, but here we have opened 670 room hotel. In 
order to make sure that we covered our costs in Q3 and continuing in Q4, we 
have a very large airline crew base. This is a well opportunistic measure and 
obviously it gives us the breathing space to build demand. Really, our strategy 
is to build demand in Aurika, Bombay across all segments. We would ideally 
not like more than 100 crew rooms, which is 15% of the inventory and 150 
corporate rooms, including meetings, incentives, conferences, and then 
another 200 to 250 retail rooms, that is broadly our strategy for next year. 
Coming specifically to Q4, while this crew business will continue, we do have 
one large conference and I think it is Miss World which has been booked with 
us. We are getting I think over 100 rooms for about 14 days, that will give some 
visibility to our hotel and it will obviously add to the occupancy. I think the room 
nights promised are about 1,700-1,800. 
Archana Gude: 
Sir, on this renovation of hotels, how many hotels we have already completed 
the renovation and how many are yet to be done, any timeline for these hotels 
to be renovated? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: This year, I think we will spend about 40 crore this year. Obviously, when we 
renovate, we shut inventory. As of right now, I think about 300 rooms are shut 
as we speak and are really not operating, for example, over 100 rooms in Keys 
Whitefield has been shut to upgrade the Keys Hotel there. Renovation is not 
that we do one hotel first and another hotel second, we do all the hotels, we 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
shut parts of the inventory and renovate, and it's a little bit of a painful project 
also let me tell you much more than building a new hotel. We will continue, we 
have renovated aggressively. Now this coming summer, we will renovate an 
even larger part of the portfolio. Our intent is broadly by the end of H1 this 
coming year, we will have renovated most of the Keys portfolio, we will have 
renovated most of Lemon Tree Premier Delhi, a large part of Red Fox, Delhi, 
a large part of Lemon Tree Premier, Hyderabad, parts of Red Fox, Hyderabad 
and done freshening up in various other hotels across India, this will be an 
ongoing project and let me also add that this will continue into the following 
year. But the single largest effort will be put this coming year, because our 
capital requirements now are close to zero. We will obviously be putting money 
into renovation because we think we can reprice some of these hotels and 
increase occupancy in the Keys portfolio if we improve these hotels, that is 
broadly the strategy. Am I clear to you? 
Archana Gude: 
I was asking about this repayment of debt. If you could help us with scheduled 
debt repayment for FY25 and FY26 as well as some Capex guidance for these 
2 years? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: I will give you a broad viewpoint, I don't want to be too specific. We will close 
this year and the way we look at it is debt by EBITDA. On a consolidated basis, 
we will close FY24 with the debt by EBITDA of roughly 3.7. Based on our 
expected performance next year, our debt by EBITDA by the end of next year 
will be under 2.5 and in the following year, it will be around 1.5. As I had 
mentioned earlier, we plan to get debt-free at least right now over the next 4 
years. I think that is very likely, this is after the renovation expenses, which will 
be significant, which we will incur next year, and of course the cost that will go 
into building. We have reviewed the hotel in Shimla and it is looking so beautiful 
that we have decided to make it an Aurika. In Naldehra, Shimla, we will be 
launching close to 100 rooms Aurika in the next I think 12-15 months, it 
includes that expense also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
My question is regarding ARR, considering lower supply in luxury segment and 
downtrading towards say our hotel ranging from 5,000-7,000; the renovation 
of the current portfolio and any other dynamics we can consider to have our 
ARR in lower double digit ex of Aurika, I'm not including Aurika? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Actually, Sumant, if you can give me a very specific question. Broadly, once we 
renovate the Keys portfolio, we will take the average rate up and try and target 
the current rates of Red Fox, which means I am saying, we will try and take the 
rates up by Rs. 800 to Rs. 1,000. However, this will not happen instantly 
because we have to build an entirely new customer cohort for that. It will take 
some time. But I think we are pretty confident that once we upgrade these 
hotels, we will be able to take the average rates and the occupancy up. Right 
now, my bigger concern with Keys and I'm talking brand wise is that the 
occupancy is low, I mean while the occupancy has gone up, it has gone up 
very marginally versus last year. Part of the reason as I had mentioned earlier 
is the demand of IT hiring and IT business because there is a large part of Keys 
like in Pimpri, in Pune and in Whitefield and in Hosur which is dependent on 
the IT sector. But I am pretty confident that when we finish this renovation, we 
will start getting a significant increase in occupancy, followed by an increase in 
average rate. As far as Red Fox goes, we think it will continue to increase its 
ARR every year by 8-10-12% points. Remember, it operates in the lower end 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
of the mid-market segment. Well, we are focusing on renovating a large part 
of the Lemon Tree and Lemon Tree Premier portfolio and that will obviously 
lead to a far more significant increase in price, once this renovation is over. But 
I don't want to give specific numbers. Let me just say this, that Lemon Tree 
Hotels, I feel there is some juice in further increasing occupancies and in both 
Lemon Tree Hotels and Lemon Tree Premier there is some juice in increasing 
rates. 
Sumant Kumar: 
How is the supply scenario in this category? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Well, supply is growing. I think nationally about 5% a year. That's what I read 
in here. It's very difficult for me to personally know what is happening like that. 
But consulting firms are saying it is like a 5% growth and demand it is true is 
growing faster on an all India basis, but different markets have different 
demand parameters. Like you will find in Bombay there is very high demand, 
in Hyderabad, there is now very high demand, Gurgaon has really picked up. 
We expect that this coming year we will do much higher occupancies in 
Gurgaon. But my bigger concern is Bangalore and Pune and these are the 2 
markets I need to push up. 
Sumant Kumar: 
In these 2 markets, supply is higher? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: No, not supply, it is actually demand. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And the category demand wise, the price point I'm talking about luxury, we 
have a lower supply, but when you see the budget hotels and mid-scale hotels, 
we have a higher supply. Can you comment on that? Is that impacting your 
ARR growth? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Not really. Actually as a brand we are quite strong in these segments. We do 
get very preferred choice by customers. It is very clear that is why we are 
confident about growing the retail side. But till we grow the retail side, we don't 
want the corporate side to shrink. But, unfortunately in Bangalore and Pune, it 
has not been the increase in supply, it has been the drop in demand. I am 
talking about as a market in the mid-market segment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Agrawal from Bastion Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Parth Agrawal: 
My understanding is that corporates have been paying retail room rates lately 
and they have not yet negotiated, basically the discount that they generally get. 
Is that the case with Lemon Tree as well because you almost ended close to 
1/3 of our room inventory from corporates? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Parth, that's an interesting question. Let me explain. Traditionally, pre-COVID, 
our retail was much higher than corporate. That was because we had large 
corporate clients who would negotiate hard and they would give us business 
across the region. And while there was stability in demand, the overall impact 
was they would want rooms in peak times in all our hotels when we could have 
sold those rooms and at lower rates. As a conscious strategy last year, we took 
our prices up for corporates and we reduced somewhat our prices for retail. 
This was because, a) we wanted corporates who were paying us a fair price 
and b) we wanted to expand our retail base and therefore we wanted to make 
our pricing more competitive, this has continued. And if you notice in our 
segment report, which is Slide 10 I think, corporates as a percentage of room 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
night sold has reduced somewhat. But interestingly, the revenue that we have 
got which used to be Q3 last year we would have 38% to the room nights, but 
only 36% of the revenue. We are now still negotiating with corporates and we 
want to effectively say that maybe by the next 6-9 months you will see 
corporate room nights contribution will be equal to corporates revenue 
contribution, which we have not yet achieved. If you look at retail, there used 
to be a premium that retail OTAs were 31% of our room nights, but 33% of our 
revenue, now it is 30% of our room nights and 31% of our revenue. The 
premium is only 3%, one on 30%. Now, if you look at lemontreehotels.com, 
that is the segment which is our direct segment we are trying to build. It has 
doubled as a percentage of room nights and it is parallel to our room revenue. 
3% has become 6% in both occupancy and rate. Others which are FITs have 
reduced. Again, because we found that we were outpricing it a little bit. So this 
is under, let me put it, part of our digital transformation, our central reservation 
systems, our hotel up-sales and so on. This too is a work-in progress. Basically, 
you will see one reason why this is a little lopsided is because 13% of the 
inventory which is Aurika, has actually changed some statistics and actually 
other FITs is the larger number, but because it is very low in Aurika, it has 
brought the overall thing down. This is not really a same-store thing. I'm talking 
more anecdotally, but broadly, we will continue to build our retail business and 
only keep those corporates with us who are willing to pay what we feel is a fair 
price. 
Parth Agrawal: 
In case of repricing opportunity that comes up with corporates, tranches of your 
ADR going down is very unlikely. Is that a fair assumption? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Absolutely, there is zero chance of our ADR going down. 
Parth Agrawal: 
You highlighted the renovation expense for FY24 to be around Rs.40 crore, 10 
crore CAPEX and 30 crore of OPEX. And what is the figure for FY25 and FY26 
if you can help me with that? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: We will spend Rs.100 crore next year. 
Parth Agrawal: 
Rs.100 crore in FY25 and in FY26 any figures that you have in mind? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: It will be less than that, maybe Rs.40-50 crore. Basically we want to reprice 
somewhat aggressively from this year, October, which is why we are investing 
this money. We think from H2 of FY25, we will be able to significantly then build 
demand in the Keys portfolio because these are all now new hotels. Keep in 
mind that Keys as a portfolio has not been renovated for 12-years. It is really 
those hotels that were shabby, and we will renovate those hotels of ours in the 
portfolio with a higher effort where we see a very significant increase in rate. 
Parth Agrawal: 
Actually I wanted to understand your arrangement with Fleur Hotels. Lemon 
Tree standalone actually gets management free from Fleur Hotels and so the 
inventory that the Fleur Hotels own, is it part of the management contract 
inventory or is it part of the own property? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: What happens is that this year, we will earn 100 crore of fees as a standalone 
Lemon Tree from Fleur. Now because we report consolidated results, it is 
netted off. Hypothetically, if our ownership of Fleur, I'm just speaking aloud, 
suppose we raised an enormous amount of capital in Fleur and we listed it. 
Fleur, next year will do maybe over 600 crore of EBITDA. We list it and we 
bring our shareholding down to say 40% something like I think some 
companies have done which is they have deconsolidated it. #1 is we will be 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
able to raise a very large amount of capital in Fleur. #2 is our management fee 
income of Fleur will then become visible, which it is not currently visible. And 
#3 is the capital that we raise in Fleur will enable us to go into the next phase 
of growth of owned assets. And really if I look at it strategically from the long 
term, we should actually keep growing the Fleur portfolio and reducing our 
stake in it, obviously have a meaningful skin in the game, and simply build 
hotels there and manage them on behalf of that portfolio, which means really 
at some point in time, Lemon Tree will morph into a pure management brand 
and digital services supplier company. 
Parth Agrawal: 
But I'm just not clear. Currently whatever ownership of your hotels are there, is 
it part of own hotels or it is part of management inventory which is 4,000 
inventory that we have? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: It is owned. It is consolidated. We own 59% of Fleur. Think of it this way, we 
own 1,700-1,800 rooms in Lemon Tree and I think over 4,000 rooms in Fleur 
where we own a 59% stake. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sir, I wanted to understand the unit economics of like refurbishing or renovating 
the hotel in terms of per key cost and what kind of repricing they have had, if 
you can, illustrate that with maybe an example of hotel that you have achieved 
something like that? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: I will give you an example in Lemon Tree Premier Delhi, we have now 
renovated about 130-140 rooms. The average rate we are getting in those 
rooms is over Rs. 10,000. I think we are going to continuously renovate this 
hotel till all the rooms are done. Because it is a high demand hotel, we do not 
shut more than 25-30 rooms at a time, which doesn't disturb guests and it 
doesn't take away too much of the inventory. Our view is very simple. When 
LTP Delhi is fully renovated on a current basis, the ARR would have been Rs. 
10,000 instead of the current rate of Rs. 8,000. Think of it this way, when we 
renovate a hotel in a high demand market, we feel we can price it up by Rs. 
2,000. And if it's an 80%-85% occupancy hotel, then really the RevPAR goes 
up Rs. 1,500-1,600 and the flow through is Rs. 5-6 lakhs a year and the total 
investment we make in that renovation per room is about Rs. 7-7.5 lakhs. On 
an incremental basis, it is very compelling. Is that clear, Kunal? 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Correct. Correct. Well understood, sir. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Basically any incremental spend we do in a renovation, in our internal capital 
allocation, we expect to earn it back within 2 years. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My second question was on expansion what you responded to the earlier 
question. I have always had this question around like in an upcycle why are we 
not adding owned capacity just management contract, right? What you said 
about Fleur earlier is that something that you would look at pursuing in terms 
of getting it listed and then look at that entity as an asset-heavy entity and what 
could be the timeline of something like that? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: I think you have 3 questions. Let me answer them one after the other. We are 
not yet in an upcycle, no matter what people tell you. Occupancies in India are 
still in the 60s. Do not go by one or two companies that might report 75%. Even 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
the Lemon Tree portfolio excluding Aurika, Bombay and excluding what is it 
called Keys is in the mid-70s. I don't consider this an upcycle. It has not yet 
happened because an upcycle is where the entire market crosses 70%-75% 
and that has not happened yet. What do I think will happen? See, I think India 
is at a very interesting point as far as its consuming classes go. If we continue 
on this path of 6%-7% growth, then in the next 3 years, a very, very large 
percentage of the population in India which is a), aspirational, b), young, c) 
fueled by credit, will move into what we consider will be non-discretionary 
consumption of branded mid-market hotel rooms. Now I know everybody is 
tired of comparisons with Malaysia and China and so on. But that's what 
happened at about $3,500 per capita. That is not actually an upcycle or a 
downcycle, that is a structural shift from treating for a very large cohort of the 
consumer, a structural shift in treating consumption of that kind of earlier 
discretionary item into a non-discretionary. Really if you ask me, should we 
build supply, I totally agree with you because I think this structural shift in 
consumption where instead of it being optional, it becomes default and that 
you can already see by the way in the airline sector. I think it's going to happen 
in the next 3-4 years in India. Keeping that in mind rather than cycles, I would 
say there is a strong case to create or acquire supply. Now, the only question 
is how much risk should we take on the balance sheet? Obviously, we need a 
company whose main job is to be an asset owner, which is why strategically it 
may make sense to spin Fleur into a separate listed entity. Have a smaller 
stake in it, raise fresh capital, which is why your stake comes down and a), 
raise this capital, b), have a totally separate set of investors there because 
obviously these are the investors who will be looking at Fleur more as an asset 
owning company. And Lemon Tree continues as a brand owner, manager and 
digital services provider. Long-term we have to do that in my opinion. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
When you say long term like 3 years? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: No, I don't want to comment because that is something I think the board has 
to debate and decide. But I think sooner or later we have to do it. And the 
capital that we raise should go into acquisition of supply or creation of supply 
where the fees flow to Lemon Tree and that asset company becomes the 
largest owner of assets in the mid-market and upper upscale space in India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Agarwal from Niveshaay Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Agarwal: 
Sir, currently the occupancy levels here let's say in Q3 is around 65%. Going 
forward for the next 2-3 years, what kind of occupancy we can expect and what 
kind of break in ARR one should be able to expect sir? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: I wish I could look at the fortune ball and tell you, but it is very difficult for me 
to give you any answer. But broadly I would expect RevPAR growth in our 
segment to be mid-teens, whether it is led by occupancy or price, I cannot 
comment, but that is the kind of growth I think we would expect. And since our 
cost structure is now stabilized fully, with payroll at the right place, the staff per 
room at the right place, I think that we will then look at any growth in RevPAR 
has really driven with a 70%-75% flow through operating leverage to the 
bottom line. 
Dhruv Agarwal: 
Any percentage that you would like to comment on the occupancy level, just 
for the guidance like we can expect? 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Patanjali G. Keswani: The rest of India, if I break it down, if I look at Delhi, we are already over 80%, 
Gurgaon, I think we should be in the mid-70s hopefully, Hyderabad, well, it is 
nearly 80%, Bangalore is where we have to catch up, Mumbai, well, if I remove 
Aurika, we are already well north of 80% and I'm pretty sure Aurika itself will 
get there, Pune is another area where we need to focus on replacing IT 
demand with the other segments. Rest of India is a function of whether we 
move into an upcycle. Because I think currently last year all India occupancies 
were 63%, maybe this year there will be 65%. Till it goes to 70%, the rest of 
India will be subject to the vagaries of local micro markets. But if I look at it 
broadly from that perspective, I would say Aurika is fully stable. Our 
occupancies as a company should be north of 73%. 
Dhruv Agarwal:    
What will be the percentage of repeat customers? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Well, in our stable hotels, normally it is north of 30%, but in our new hotels, it 
takes time to build us. If I was building no more hotels and it was all stable, 
then 1/3 of our customers should be repeating. 
Dhruv Agarwal: 
Right now in the hospitality industry, everyone is trying to add their room 
capacity either by like adding keys in the same hotel or by constructing new 
hotels in order to cater to the demand that they are facing. Don't you think in 
coming like 4-5 years there would be an excess supply of rooms? So like can 
you give some color on how would be the demand/supply growth will be 
coming in the 2-3 years, sir. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: See, post-COVID, there was a complete reset. There was a shrinkage in 
demand and it is catching up now. Going forward, what I read and this is not 
my data, it is I guess a combination of what I read from various consultants in 
the hospitality industry is that demand will exceed supply by 3-5% points every 
year. That is the case, then an all-India occupancy of 65% should hit 70% in 
the next 2 years, at which point there will be some significant level of repricing 
with nearly every hotel across India, that is the broad observation. Whether it 
takes 2-3 years, I have no idea. But somewhere along because supply is 
known for the next 5 years, I think this transition into upcycle as Kunal had 
earlier mentioned, will happen in the next 2-3 years. 
Dhruv Agarwal: 
One clarification. You said with the previous participant that upcycle is when 
the occupancy level all over the industry is around 70%-75%. Sir, when do you 
expect such kind of upcycle coming in and like where we stand right now sir? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: See, right now if I made a broad guess, I would say industry average 
occupancy would be about 65% across India. I think that is what the 
consultants will report for FY24. FY25 if this demand/supply and balance 
continues should be 67% and then maybe by FY26 it will be 70%. Now what 
does 70% or 72% mean? It really means that there are 3-4 days in a week 
where you are full, and 1-2 days in a week where you are doing 50% 
occupancy because that is the nature of this business. Even you take any 
business hotel in a city on a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday they are sold out, 
Monday and Friday, they might be doing 70%-75% and Saturday, Sunday they 
do 50%. That's how it averages to 75%. When that happens, pricing for 
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday goes up by at least 20%-25%. And that is how 
the ARR goes up. The ARR does not go up on a daily basis, it goes up on those 
days when you have more demand. And obviously you keep increasing your 
pricing till such time your demand equals supply. That is what happened in the 
last upcycle in 2005-2006-2007 and that is what will likely happen in the next 
2-3 years across India, after a very long period. 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, if my understanding is right, I believe Aurika, Mumbai resides in Fleur, but 
if I look at the management fee received from Fleur hotels in this quarter, it is 
up by just 8% despite our Mumbai Hotel starting operations and registering an 
occupancy of 40%. Is there anything which I'm missing out over here in this 
8% growth number? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: The first thing is that our fees from Bangalore came down because a large part 
of our fees with Fleur comes because of what is called Incentive Fees, 
incentive fees is we get paid based on the EBITDA of the hotel. We had a drop 
in fees from Bangalore, we had a small drop in fees from Pune and Aurika did 
not give us any significant fees because it did not do 40%, it did under 40%. 
But we only got fees from Aurika, Bombay on the fixed side and the fixed fees 
is a function of revenue. The revenue was much less obviously because it was 
the first quarter. These fees, you are absolutely right. The minute Aurika, 
Bombay picks up, like it has already picked up to some level this quarter, you 
will see a significant hike in fees. Similarly, when Bangalore picks up and Pune 
picks up, you will see another hike in fees because those will be the variable 
fees whereas in Aurika, Bombay there will be higher fees because the revenue 
increases and hopefully the EBITDA increases. Do I make sense? 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yes, Sir. Sir, my second question pertains to bookkeeping now. If I look at our 
finance cost, it has gone up sequentially to about Rs.53 crore. So, has there 
been any change in debt levels or does it pertain to that lease accounting 
standard which you mentioned in the opening commentary? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Well, two things. Our debt will peak this quarter. You see what happened is, 
this year we paid off a large amount of debt and then we borrowed back a little 
more than that in order to finish Aurika, Bombay. I think our peak debt this 
quarter will be Rs.1,900-1,950 crore this quarter. And if you look at it from the 
previous year, it was 1,640 crore. Our debt has gone up by 300 crore, but we 
built Aurika which is over 900 crore. Effectively Aurika was built with 600 crore 
of equity and 300 crore of debt. Now what happens is from this coming Q1 
onwards, we will start paying down the debt. You will find that the debt at the 
end of this following year will come down and our EBITDA obviously will go up, 
which is why I said the debt-to-EBITDA next year will be under 2.5. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
One last question, I think you mentioned to one of the questions raised from 
the earlier participant that Aurika, Mumbai is built on a leased land from the 
government. Can you just call out if possible what is the annual lease cost over 
here, and how are the escalations built in? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Think of it this way. For Aurika the lease rentals are escalating. We basically 
quoted a lump sum and an NPV for Aurika of the fees that we plan to pay. If I 
look at it this year, the fees are very low; they are Rs.3 crore. And if I look five 
years out, they will be much higher and 10 years out will be still higher and so 
on and so forth. Really what we tried to do was, we said we will pay lower fees 
cash out in the in the beginning till we stabilize the hotel. And once the hotel is 
stable and operational, then our affordability of paying fee will be that much 
better. If I look at the fees over the next 30-years, the NPV in today's term is 
about Rs. 50 crore, it is discounted at rate of interest. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Meet Jain: 
Just one clarification. You mentioned that you are launching 100 rooms Aurika 
in Naldehra, Shimla right. So that is in the management contracts, right? 
Kapil Sharma: 
No, that is our own asset. 
Meet Jain: 
We have already one property being built in Lemon Tree Premier Shimla, 69 
rooms and this is in addition to that? 
Kapil Sharma: 
No, it is a conversion because we felt we would be able to juice it. Because of 
its location, it’s built on top of a mountain, it’s a beautiful hotel. When we went 
and saw it, we did an assessment and said that we would be able to cream 
much more of the market, so why not spend a little more money but build an 
Aurika. 
Meet Jain: 
What is approximate total Capex on this you are spending? 
Kapil Sharma: 
We will spend another 40-odd crore. 
Meet Jain: 
Over 27 crore already spent on Shimla. 
Kapil Sharma: 
No, total will be closer to 80 crore, we will spend 40 crore in this year and 
maybe it will be 50 crore, we are not sure because it depends on the speed at 
which we can finish it. It’s there in the investor presentation, you will see it’s 
like a shell, but we will try very hard to get it open by the first quarter of next to 
next year. 
Meet Jain: 
Q1 FY26. Okay. And next is one clarification on the management fees from 
Fleur. You mentioned that our Fleur arrangement is partly based on revenue 
and partly on the operating performance, right? 
Kapil Sharma: 
That’s right. 
Meet Jain: 
And is there any threshold like as you mentioned Aurika, we didn’t reach the 
40% kind of margin, so we booked like fixed fees on revenues and as the 
margins improve, we will start getting fees from Fleur on that as well? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Well, think of it this way, that if Aurika today in Q3 gave me a revenue of Rs. 
25, then my fees from that will be say Rs. 2. If Aurika gives me Rs. 50, then my 
fees will not double, they will become Rs. 5-5.5, they will nearly triple. And 
when Aurika stabilizes at Rs. 100, then I will take Rs. 10 or Rs. 11. 40% will 
come from the revenue, 60% will come from the EBITDA, and that EBITDA as 
it grows as the hotel stabilizes, I think I mentioned that the EBITDA will be in 
the range of 60%, at which point our fees will become disproportionately higher.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Bharati from DAM Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Sir, with regard to your Mumbai asset, for the Aurika thing, you did 8-8.5 kind 
of ARR this time? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: That’s right. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
The Andheri one, we have seen close to Rs. 10,000 like that? 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Andheri one is Rs. 9,152 at 82% in Q3. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
That particular hotel in terms of, let's say like-for-like pricing versus the rest of 
the market, I think this was asked earlier, do you think it was a little under par 
in terms of the rate hike? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Which one? 
Rajiv Bharati: 
The 303 Key Andheri Hotel. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: No, on the contrary, in the Smith Travel Research Report, it is outperforming 
the market completely. It's a Lemon Tree Premier. It did over Rs. 9,000 ARR 
over 80% occupancy and it is an outperformer. And keep in mind that what we 
are doing is we are keeping all the channels open so that any bookings we get 
in LTP, which we are not able to accommodate in the hotel, we move to Aurika. 
Till Aurika builds its own demand base, we are treating it as a 1,000 rooms 
inventory in Bombay, which is this 300 rooms hotel, and that 670 rooms hotel. 
And Aurika, Bombay's RevPAR was below Rs. 3,500. So that's why you would 
see the average of Bombay RevPAR and hotel level EBITDAR significantly 
down because Aurika brought it down. But now what I have been saying all 
along is that as Aurika stabilizes, obviously Aurika will do a much higher ARR 
and hopefully a similar occupancy to LTP Mumbai and we hope to achieve that 
in the next 6-9 months at which point Aurika will have its own segment, LTP, 
Mumbai will have its own segment. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
Your pricing in Andheri has no influence from Aurika. It’s not like that we cannot 
charge. I mean you are wanting to not charge LTP, Andheri higher than Aurika. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Not at all. That’s not correct. The point is that Aurika has not yet built its demand 
segment. Whatever little demand it gets is at a price of over Rs. 11,000. But 
because a very large portion of it is with crew, which is priced at Rs. 7,700, 
which is what is deflating the ARR of Aurika, But as I had mentioned last in the 
2 calls that we will use the crew as a filler to cover our costs and ultimately 
obviously bring down the crew to only 100 rooms as a base and replace the 
crew with corporate and retail clients. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
In Hyderabad, do we have anything under renovation because of which your 
rates are up by only let’s say 400, let’s say versus what we see in case of Indian 
Hotels going up by what 3,000. Why I’m saying is the gap between you and 
Indian Hotels used to be something like 2,000-2,500, now it’s gone to close to 
5,000. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: In Hyderabad, the markets are very different. Indian Hotels is firstly a 5 star 
deluxe hotel and it is in the city center, we are in Hi-tech city in Gachibowli, 
there is no Taj there. And #2 is that there are about I think 30 rooms shut in 
Lemon Tree Premier and another 25-30 rooms shut in various other hotels 
where we are renovating. But please don’t compare economy rates with 
premium economy rates and the business class rates, that’s an incorrect 
comparison. 
Rajiv Bharati: 
No, the idea was that if the luxury picks up, eventually the gap between, I mean 
it will help you your case, right, the gap has to reach, slowly? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Yes, but they are separate segments, Rajiv. Don't look at it from that 
perspective. There will be times when our segment takes up more than say 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
luxury. Don't do a regression analysis and correlate that two, they are not the 
same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ramesh Rajagopalan, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
R Rajagopalan: 
A couple of questions. One is, what was the impact of World Cup matches on 
your revenue in Q3? Second, in terms of again the revenue aspect, whether 
you have further plans of expansion in tourism centers like Bangalore, Goa, 
Kerala, Trivandrum, because tourism is being taken as the next big deal in 
terms of revenue? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: World Cup teams normally only stay in 5 star hotels. They impact us indirectly, 
which is if there is a World Cup match somewhere in a city, we get the guys 
who want to see the match, we get their demand, we don't get the teams, #1. 
In Ahmedabad during World Cup for 1-2 days we did a very high ARR because 
a lot of people came to see the match, but we didn't get any team members. 
As far as I think your other question was relating to which markets we want to 
go to, I didn't actually get clarity on that. What was the question, Ramesh? 
R Rajagopalan: 
Basically, we are talking about tourism in a big way as tourism travel. So 
obviously, the accommodation will also be in huge demand. Are we planning, 
for example, Goa airport in about a year, year and a half back. Has there been 
any significant increase there. So similarly, are we talking about Trivandrum, 
Kerala, then Bangalore where tourism may be a big attraction apart from north? 
Of course, I didn't mention specifically the buyout because it is too early to 
comment about. But in terms of other existing tourism destinations. Can we 
increase the share of retail especially because as you said you know in terms 
of World Cup matches, there was not much of impact, so can we not you know 
focus more on retail in terms of attracting globally especially for the retail part 
of it? And then, of course, corporate, we might have our own strategies in terms 
of how do we go about. And second thing is that do we have a seasonal tariffs 
instead of annual tariffs with especially corporates, do we have a seasonal tariff 
based on September, Christmas season or the New Year season or other 
seasons in different part of the country? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Ramesh, I wish corporates would agree to seasonal tariffs and we would 
charge high in high demand and low in low demand. But unfortunately, they 
want a single price for the full year. As far as tourism goes, we already have 
the Keys in Thiruvananthapuram, we have signed many hotels in many tourism 
locations. We are now looking at doing maybe 1-2 small Aurika palace hotels 
in Varanasi on the ghats directly. But if you look at us broadly, we have a twin 
approach. One is, we get 2-3 queries every day. So that is a reactive approach 
where owners reach out to us to convert their hotels into our brands. And then 
we ourselves focus specifically on markets where we think there is juice and 
value to our network. If you look at the hotels that we have in our pipeline right 
now, most of them are in cities where we do not have hotels and these will 
simply improve our network and will lead to our ability to acquire more 
customers in markets where we do not exist and customers are not really 
familiar with Lemon Tree. Keep in mind, we are a relatively new brand and 
therefore it's important for us to saturate cities where there are customers who 
will come and visit us in other hotels in other cities. Proactively, we are looking 
at specific markets where we feel there is an opportunity for us to a) plant a 
flag, b) acquire customers and c) grow our managed network. That is the broad 
strategy. I don't want to get into specific destinations, but you can see that in 
our Investor Presentation on Slides 21 and 22, where we have already signed. 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
R Rajagopalan: 
One related question, do we have any kind of frequent guest tariff thing where 
the same customer for example, I might visit Delhi, I might visit. Bombay, I 
might visit Goa, where I become a frequent customer of yours, so wherever I 
go, I go only for the Lemon Tree? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: I mentioned earlier in this call our direct bookings from our website are 
increasing quite rapidly. Well, we have over 1.5 million loyalty members. We 
are now revamping the entire website and loyalty program as a part of our 
digital transformation and hopefully by October this year, we will have micro 
sites where you as a loyalty member, if you visit our website I think it's already 
there to some extent, but we are upgrading it, you will get a specific 
personalized offer to any hotel which you want to visit. 
R Rajagopalan: 
One question is on the cost and one question is on the payroll cost. Payroll 
cost, you said it has gone up this quarter for the reasons. Want to understand 
in terms of your payroll cost, is it not a factor of your variable pay or your 
revenue, so which you would have obviously provided for the previous year, 
and if the current year if it is going to go up, obviously, your revenue also would 
have proportionately gone up. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: No. You see, our revenue did proportionately go up. The revenue hike will really 
be visible from this coming year when Aurika comes in. We really look at payroll 
as a percentage of revenue on an operational basis. You see, there were three 
revenue impacts this year. One was Aurika obviously did not contribute to what 
it will contribute from this coming year onwards because it's a very large 
inventory hotel and it will take some time to stabilize. When it did not stabilize, 
the payroll cost of Aurika alone was a deflator so to speak in our P&L. Then 
because of Aurika, we set up a corporate sales office in Bombay and that had 
an impact on both our corporate expenses because they came from the hotel 
and from corporate office and on our payroll in Aurika. Third was that Bangalore 
and Pune still have a lot of catch up to do. When they do that, payroll as a 
percentage of revenue will drop to the normal, at which point as I mentioned, 
our net EBITDA will again go to 50%, and perhaps if things work out even over 
50%. 
R Rajagopalan: 
That means this is more of an investment which you are calling as payroll cost 
rather than an expense which is doing right now? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: It is a mix of both, Ramesh, because a lot of people who stayed with us during 
COVID, we did not give any increments over the last 3-4 years and with 
inflation being what it is, we felt it was necessary. 
R Rajagopalan: 
Although everybody is talking about renewable source of energy and power 
reduction, do we have a renewable energy in any of your hotels or are we 
planning for any cost reduction in that area? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: We have renewable. We have reduced energy based on the FY19 baseline. 
Energy consumption per room has reduced by 10%. Our target is that by FY26 
it should be 15% on FY19 baseline. Right now about only 11% of our energy 
consumption is renewable. There is only one problem. Since we run smaller 
hotels unlike large 5 star hotels, we do not get renewable energy from the grid 
because there are certain norms on this. I believe that the new power bill is 
going to change and we will also get the ability to get energy from the grid. But 
if we really want to go fully renewable, then in the large markets like NCR, like 
Maharashtra, like Bangalore and Hyderabad, we will have to put up our own 
renewable energy plants which will be high Capex, we are reviewing that but 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
we will have a payback within 4-5 years. It's a combination of many things. We 
are very interested in having maximum renewable energy and I think in the 
next 2-3 years you will see that as becoming an increasing focus for us. 
R Rajagopalan: 
Whatever we have discussed so far, it is purely based on our operational and 
revenue performance of Lemon Tree as a group. Whatever external factors 
which are going to further benefit us, it will be an aggregate or maybe adding 
the revenue to your bottom line, that's what you're saying? 
Patanjali G. Keswani: That is correct. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Patanjali G. Keswani: Thank you, everybody once again for your interest and support. We will 
continue to stay engaged. Please be in touch with our investor relations team 
for any further details or discussions and I look forward to interacting with you 
again in the next quarter. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited 
for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
