 
 
 
9th February, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Friday, 2nd February, 2024 to discuss Q3 & 9M FY24 Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
Prakash Bhogilal 
Makwana
Digitally signed by Prakash 
Bhogilal Makwana 
Date: 2024.02.09 18:45:46 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 and 9M FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited.  
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Sharma from Adfactors. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Sharma: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q3 and 9M FY24 
Results Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. 
We have with us today on the call, Mr. Kamal Singal – Managing Director and 
CEO; Mr. Ankit Jain – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Avinash Suresh – Chief 
Operating Officer; Mr. Prakash Makwana – Company Secretary; and Mr. 
Vikram Rajput – Head, Investor Relations. 
Please note that a copy of the disclosure is available on the investors section of 
the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on stock exchanges. 
Please do note that anything said on this call that reflects the outlook towards 
the future, which would be construed as forward-looking statement must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the company. 
I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Kamal Singal for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Kamal Singal: 
Good morning, and a very warm welcome to everyone present on this call. 
Thank you for joining us today to discuss the Operating and Financial 
Performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the third quarter and nine months 
ended 31st December 2023. 
The macroeconomic tailwinds continue to firm up. In the fiscal year 2024, 
India is poised to achieve a growth rate of around 7%, continuing a trend of 
strong economic performance since the onset of the pandemic. Multiple reports 
suggest that this growth trajectory will persist into FY25. Over the past decade, 
India has made significant investments in infrastructure, resulting in a 
remarkable 3.3x-fold increase in public sector capital expenditure. This 
infusion of funds has not only bolstered the country's physical foundations but 
has also laid the groundwork for sustained economic growth. Improved 
household 
financial 
well-being, 
increased 
job 
creation, 
declining 
unemployment rates, and advancements in education and healthcare metrics all 
reflect a concerted effort towards fostering broad-based prosperity.  
The surge in residential real estate activity has emerged as a significant 
contributor to India's economic narrative. Real estate sales have hit a decadal-
high supported by a flurry of new property launches and a corresponding uptick 
in sales across various urban centers. Despite price increases, the affordability 
ratio witnessed a marginal improvement in top 8 cities as income growth 
surpassed pricing growth and mortgage rates remained flat. Further, the 
demand buoyancy is being driven by end users, showcasing the underlying 
strength and stability of the housing cycle. 
At Arvind SmartSpaces, we look forward to driving transformative growth in 
the residential real estate market. With consumer preferences evolving rapidly, 
we understand that staying relevant means continuously innovating. Our 
approach goes beyond mere construction. It's about crafting sustainable living 
solutions infused with technology and well-being features tailored to demands 
of the modern era. With a robust customer-centric program, strong brand, 
expanding geographical footprint, innovative products, and commitment to 
operational excellence, we are poised to capitalize on emerging opportunities 
and deliver value to the customers and stakeholders alike. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 24 
Coming to the Operational update for the quarter and the nine months. I am 
pleased to share some notable achievements. We have delivered a record-high 
nine months sales value at Rs. 784 crore, an impressive 41% year-on-year 
growth, indicating strong consumer confidence and market demand. In the 
third quarter of FY24, our pre-sales value continued to show positive 
momentum at Rs. 280 crore, driven by successful launches of our premium 
projects such as Forest Trails in Sarjapur, Bengaluru. This is a premium villa 
development where we achieved sales of more than Rs. 150 crore in Q3, which 
is a little more than 30% of the launched inventory. The successful launch of 
Forest Trails in Sarjapur follows a stellar launch of Greatlands phase II at 
Devanahalli and highlights the growing equity and trust of the brand Arvind in 
our key markets of Bengaluru. Following the remarkable response to phase I 
of Uplands 2 in Adroda, Ahmedabad, we swiftly launched phase II, achieving 
a sales worth Rs. 75 crore there. We are delighted to have a strong response to 
all our new launches over the last several quarters in several different micro 
markets. 
Similarly to our nine months booking, collections for the nine-month period 
reached the highest levels in any given nine-month period. Nine months' 
collections stood at Rs. 661 crore, a significant increase of 60% over the same 
period last year. Collections for the quarter increased by 16% year on year at 
Rs. 194 crore. This performance underscores our ability to maintain a strong 
operating cycle aligning our sales, construction, and delivery processes 
effectively.  
I am pleased to note that our expansion initiatives have seen promising 
developments with a cumulative topline potential addition of around Rs. 4,150 
crore for the current financial year. Recently, we entered Surat with a Rs. 1,100 
crore horizontal multi-asset township project, expanding our presence in the 
third city in the state of Gujarat. The project is spread over 300 acres and signed 
under JD model with 55% share accruing to us. This strategic move 
underscores our proactive approach to growth and our focus on seizing 
opportunities in emerging markets. We also added a new horizontal project in 
West Ahmedabad with a topline potential of Rs. 250 crore. This would be on 
an outright basis. The quantum of JDs in our portfolio is on a higher side 
currently, and we look forward to an optimal mix of JDs and outright deals as 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 24 
we progress forward. Nevertheless, successful JDs across markets showcase 
the confidence of landowners in the Arvind brand and this will allow us to 
build a strong sustainable pipeline going forward. 
During the quarter, we achieved financial closure on Fruits of Life in a year 
and gave exit to HDFC Capital on the project. It not only highlights the brand 
equity and execution capabilities of brand Arvind but also the thriving nature 
of horizontal and plotting projects in the Ahmedabad market. The platform too 
continues to progress well with the 3 projects already acquired under it across 
Ahmedabad and Bengaluru. We look forward to acquiring additional projects 
under this platform in our targeted markets in the coming quarters. 
Now, moving on from operational updates to the financial highlights. In nine 
months, we reported a revenue of Rs. 224 crore, up 37% on a year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA grew at 68% to Rs. 57 crore. PAT for the nine months grew 
60% to Rs. 26 crore. In Q3, we reported a revenue of Rs. 84 crore, up 60% 
year-on-year basis and EBITDA for Q3 grew by 60% as well to Rs. 21 crore. 
PAT for the quarter grew 121% to Rs. 9 crore.  
Our balance sheet position remains strong despite expanding operations. Net 
debt increased to Rs. (38) crore as on December 31, 2023, from a net debt 
position of Rs. (141) crore as on September 30, 2023. A crucial parameter in 
real estate reflecting the underlying business performance quite well is 
operating cash flows. And during the quarter, net operating cash flows 
amounted to Rs. 89 crore. Net operating cash flow during the 9 months stood 
at Rs. 360 crore. We estimate an unrealized operating cash flow exceeding Rs. 
2,552 crore coming from the current pipeline of projects. 
As you would have noticed in our presentation, we have very recently pre- 
launched our project at Doddaballapur in Bengaluru. It's called Arvind 
Orchards. We look forward to delivering a differentiated experience to our 
customers in North Bengaluru through this one of its kind orchard-themed 
plotting development. 
To conclude, we see a very significant opportunity for the Indian real estate 
market, and Arvind SmartSpaces is well poised to capitalize on the same and 
sustain its path of profitable growth. As we approach the financial year-end, 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 24 
the objective remains to end it on a very strong note across operational and 
financial parameters. 
On that note, I conclude my opening remarks, and I would like to ask the 
moderator to open the line for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Biplab from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir, my first question would be on the business development; excellent 
velocity. Around 40 billion GDV business development that you did till date 
in this financial year, when do you expect these projects to be launched? All of 
this could be launched in FY25? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, of course. Rs. 4,150 crore worth of new projects have been added in the 
last few quarters. And for this year, this is the cumulative number. And of 
course, this is planned to be launched in the coming year. In fact, Rs. 600 crore 
out of this Rs. 4,000+ crore is already launched. But in any case, the rest of it 
should also be getting launched within this coming financial year. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, there is a quick turnaround time. It doesn't take much from business 
development to launch. 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, it's a combination of medium sized and very large sized projects, projects 
which require environmental clearance and projects which do not require 
environmental clearances. But putting everything together, we see a very 
realistic possibility of everything of this getting launched within the coming 
financial year. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
My second question is on the Ahmedabad 40 acres acquisition outright basis 
you did. I am just trying to understand what would be the cost of the land that 
you have paid for that. 
Kamal Singal: 
Normally, the specifics about the cost, etc., are not shared. Maybe you can get 
in touch with the team here to know to what extent it is prudent for us to share 
such data. But otherwise this is a great product from the margin standpoint and 
from the standpoint of making quicker money and hitting the market very soon. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 24 
In fact, we are hoping that we hit the market with this project in the next few 
weeks itself. Within this financial year, possibly we should be starting to sell 
this product. It's a very quick turnaround project.1q 
a 
Biplab Debbarma: 
In typically such projects, suppose we have bought the land, we keep aside that 
cost. But what would be the other cost and what would be the quantum of that 
cost? Say, for this 40 acres project, what would be the other cost and what 
would be the quantum of that cost that needs to be incurred for this project? 
Kamal Singal: 
Operating margins and EBITDAs in these projects vary anywhere between 
25% to as high as 35% to 40%. Maybe average of a plotting project that we are 
currently executing will be more than 30% to 35% and this project should be 
very similar to that. And that's how the costs are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial 
Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, firstly, you mentioned that you are planning to launch the West 
Ahmedabad project which you acquired recently in Q4 FY24 itself. Did I hear 
it right? 
Kamal Singal: 
FY25 we said. When we talked about this Rs. 4,000 crore worth of projects, 
what we said was this entire pipeline that we have acquired recently, which is 
totaling to Rs. 4,150 crore for this current year as a total, everything of that will 
be launched in the coming financial year which is 2024-25. Lakshmanpura, 
this one project out of it, which is not a very big project but otherwise a 
profitable one will be launched within the current financial year ending March 
2024. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And the second question is on the HDFC platform. What is the total amount 
that we have deployed till date out of the Rs. 900 crore? 
Kamal Singal: 
We have committed in excess of Rs. 400 crore already from the platform. 
Maybe the payments are a little less than that, more like Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 
350 odd crore. But commitment-wise, it has crossed half way and we have 
deployed in that sense in excess of Rs. 400 crore. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And sir, we have Rs. 4,000 crore of launches to be done in the next 4-5 quarters. 
What kind of business development are we looking at this year? Already we 
have seen a very strong business development pipeline, the highest in the 
company's history. What will FY25 look like? Would it be a similar number 
around Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 5,000 crore? I would like to pick your thoughts 
on that. 
Kamal Singal: 
A little futuristic, but as you very rightly said and understood that you have 
already clocked in excess of Rs. 4,000 crore in the first 9 months of this year. 
We would love and like and be happy with the number which is rounded off to 
something close to Rs. 5,000 crore for the year, and most of the projects which 
are in further discussions and pipeline, generally they are quite decent in size 
and hence 1 or 2 happenings will mean that we will cross that number. 
Hopefully, we cross that and do additional Rs. 1,000 odd crore within this 
financial year. But having said that, this trajectory of Rs. 4,000 crore to Rs. 
5,000 crore is something that we hope that we will sustain in the coming years 
as well. It's not that this is an exceptional year and that's why it is high. It is a 
trajectory that we want to maintain. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And this acquisition would be more or less funded by internal accruals, HDFC 
platform, and debt if needs arise to be, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
Correct. As you know, HDFC, there is still significant leftover. Then, internal 
accruals have been very strong. This year we have accumulated more than Rs. 
360 odd crore which is the highest ever. And the company is still a negative 
debt company as of December end. Hopefully, very conservatively, we should 
be raising debt to the extent of Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 400 crore. Even if it's Rs. 
300 crore, it is a significant amount of money. All in all, these 3 engines are 
alive and kicking and we should be able to make use of these. And, on top of 
that, as of now, we are very heavy on JD as a structure. And that is why a lot 
of money is still left to be deployed despite adding a very significant top line 
of around Rs. 4,000 crore for the current year. To that extent, apart from 
deployment of these 3 sources which are internal and external, both put 
together, including the platform and debt and of course internal accruals, JDs 
are kind of complementing and supplementing the other efforts towards 
creating a bigger pipeline. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 24 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, just 1 final question, one clarification rather. The reported OCF of Rs. 360 
crore in the quarter, that is for our company share, right? Net to us? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. This quarter number is Rs. 90 crore, Rs. 89 crore to be more precise. This 
year's cumulative number for nine months is Rs. 360 crore. And this is totally 
and purely what has come to us already. Either it is already deployed or it has 
gone into any repayment at all. But yes, this is purely our share accrued to us 
and received by us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Where do we stand on the BD efforts regarding Pune and MMR cumulatively? 
Kamal Singal: 
If I have heard your question right, you are asking about BD efforts in Pune 
and MMR. 
Abhishek: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Kamal Singal: 
Those efforts are on. We have evaluated a bunch of projects. A couple of them 
are looking quite promising. They are in advanced stages as of now. We are a 
little conservative when it comes to adding a new geography and that's how we 
are doing this time also. Surat, as you would recollect, was something that we 
started a few quarters back and we continued that focus for a very long time 
and eventually we have come up with a very large, very good and exciting 
project there. We hope that with the kind of efforts going into MMR market, 
something should materialize very soon. 
Abhishek: 
Within this financial year or should it spill over to the next year? 
Kamal Singal: 
This is an entry point that you are talking about and project happening and not 
happening is a little binary in that nature. And hence we can't say that it will 
happen. But this quarter or next quarter thereabouts, things should happen. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, just one more. We just acquired a small project in Ahmedabad. Any color 
as to whether it will go to HDFC platform or we will execute it because it's an 
outright by us? 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 24 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, this project is taken on an outright basis. We are not involving the 
platform in this. So, whatever happens, the entire cash flows and margins, etc., 
accrue to us; and the platform is not involved in this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Congratulations on your new business development deals for nine months. Sir, 
we have been spending around Rs. 700 crore to Rs. 750 crore of HDFC 
platform money. I believe some would have been utilized in Q3. Or if not, then 
how much has been outstanding? Are we using more of the bank on leveraging 
our balance sheet and rather than not using HDFC money or if there is a 
possibility that HDFC platform money would be used for more larger 
transactions, especially in MMR region. Just your thought process on the usage 
of capital of your own versus HDFC. 
Kamal Singal: 
The platform is sized at around Rs. 900 crore total, out of which Rs. 600 crore 
comes from HDFC and Rs. 300 crore is to be invested by us. And out of this 
Rs. 900 crore total, we have deployed to the tune of around Rs. 400 crore 
already, and Rs. 500 odd crore is still left to be deployed. Generally, it makes 
more sense for us to deploy this money in little long-term projects and projects 
which are of little decent and bigger size and scale. For example, 
Lakshmanpura is not that size and hence generally we would prefer not to 
invest in a Lakshmanpura kind of a project there. But having said that, money 
is available. If a project is viable, there is no problem and there is no hindrance 
to investing platform money or otherwise. As we just discussed, all the 3 
sources – internal accruals, platform money, and debt – all the three are 
available. At any given point in time, depending on the size of opportunity and 
the investments required and that day, that week, that month's cash flows that 
we have on hand, obviously, we would like to first exhaust internal accruals 
because that is our own money without any incremental costs and then the 
cheaper money and then the less cheaper money, etc. That hierarchy is always 
followed. It has so happened that cash flows for the last few quarters have been 
strong. The last 3 quarters itself have given us in excess of Rs. 360 crore. To 
that extent, our leveraging has not really begun. We are still negative on the 
overall net debt side. At the same time, this has also resulted in underutilization 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 24 
of the platform money on a cumulative basis. But having said that, it's just a 
matter of time and a few more quarters before we get into a positive side of 
trajectory on both the net debt and utilization of the fund money. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
And my second question would be, as you also said that Rs. 300 crore to Rs. 
400 crore debt might be raised for the next year. Already we are getting big 
larger sized projects to JDs. Leveraging the balance sheet to get better margins 
is the thought process versus JD projects would be there but the mix would be 
lesser and outright would be higher? 
And last would be on the margin front. There is a little bit of volatility in margin 
size and is it because the plotted projects had a lower revenue booking during 
the quarter and which had led to sequential dip in margins? 
Ankit Jain: 
Margin, if you look at on a year-on-year basis, for the quarter is the same, 
which is 24.7%. These are adjusted margins for the interest element. We have 
given this information in the information update. Hence, our top line for the 
quarter is 60% growth and margins are equivalent to 60% growth. However, 
as a percentage of margin, these percentages of margin in financials do not 
reflect the current bookings because there is a lag in the accounting the way 
accounting happens. So, this relates to mainly projects which have been 
delivered and which were launched a couple of years back. For example, the 
quarter relates to revenue recognition from Uplands and Oasis. The plotting 
projects booking which we are looking at like Uplands 2.0 or maybe a Forest 
Trails, which is there in the current quarter, which is more of pre-sales, does 
not come into books of accounts. Hope this clarifies. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Yes, right. I understand that, but because the previous 3-4 years launched a 
project which has hit revenue recognition during this quarter, the mix of that 
would be lower towards this plotted developments and hence there is a little 
bit of sequential volatility. Because, in the last quarter, the margins were very 
good. 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes, the last quarter's margins were higher. Again, it will vary on the revenue 
recognition projects. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 24 
Kamal Singal: 
Depending on which projects are getting into the books of account, this 
volatility remains. But on an average, the margins otherwise are fairly 
consistent to the extent of around 25% of EBITDA, 11% to 12% of PAT. In 
fact, last quarter was, in my understanding, a little bit of an aberration where 
more profitable – disproportionately profitable – projects entered into the 
books of account and hence this higher margin. In the current quarter, the 
cumulative number in that sense is actually more representative of the 
profitability and the level of profitability that we expect in the normal course 
on a steady state basis. 
Ankit Jain: 
And maybe just to add to your comment that plotting projects having lower 
margins, that is not the case.  
Kamal Singal: 
Actually, it's the other way round. Plotting is actually a little higher margin. 
And the second part of your question related to more outright versus JDs, etc., 
yes, generally we prefer to have a very optimal balanced portfolio from the 
structuring point of view. But it has so happened that in the first nine months 
of this year, we have done more of JDs and less of outright but because that 
has also meant that we have more investible money left as of now for the top 
line that we have already tied up, it will automatically be an orientation where 
we will see more outright projects coming our way in the coming months from 
the money which is still left to be deployed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch AIF. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, in the initial remarks, you mentioned we work on the operating margin of 
30% to 35% for the horizontal projects. Can you also give us what is the 
operating margin we work for the vertical projects? 
Kamal Singal: 
Weighted average of the two will be 25%, rather 25% to 30%. And I will say 
a long term stabilized difference in operating margin will be to the extent of 
5%. If we are hovering anywhere between 25% to 30% as overall margins, then 
vertical would be more like 25% or 22% and thereabouts, and horizontal will 
be more like 30% to 35% or a little more in a few selected cases and more like 
that. And hence the average of anywhere between 25% to 30%. You can 
assume that there is a difference of around 5% between the two on an average. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 24 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, what will be the IRR we will be minimum looking with respect to the 
vertical or horizontal? Because, if I look at horizontal, it should have more 
IRR. 
Kamal Singal: 
Horizontal has more IRR generally because the cash flows are better, they are 
more frontloaded, collection times are less, and margins are healthy or decent 
or even better than vertical. In that sense, all the three are adding up into one 
common understanding which is higher IRR. So, definitely yes. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, my question is what will be the IRR that we will be looking for in both the 
projects in order to take a project. For example, if you are working on a new 
land development now or thinking of a new land acquisition, what is the 
minimum IRR level we will work and otherwise we will reject the project for 
the horizontal or vertical? If you can talk about that. 
Kamal Singal: 
Generally, 25% IRR is our broader understanding. It's not written in cast, but 
on an average, we know that it has to be 25% and thereabouts. We have several 
projects, rather most of the projects which are a little better than that, but we 
are okay compromising a couple of percentages here and there. As a minimum, 
average it is around 25% for us. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
And the projects that were launched in the last 1 or 2 quarters, like Uplands 2.0 
and 3.0 and Fruits Of Life which got full booking or 90% above booking in the 
month of launch only, that will have an IRR of 40% to 50% also? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes. On top of that, these are JD projects. So, the capital deployment is very 
less in any case. We would have actually recovered most of the money that we 
would have deployed on a net basis. In these projects, IRRs are so high that 
they are not relevant to be discussed in that sense. JD projects selling in 3-4 
months or 5 months, giving you very hefty upfronted cash flows means IRRs 
are going to be very high. But that's because the way they are structured and 
the sale velocity simultaneously is good. So, the answer is yes. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Sir, now coming to the point of business development, what we have seen in 
the past – if I go before COVID, the company had more business from the 
horizontal. Slowly and gradually, the portfolio is shifting from horizontal to 
vertical. But if I look at the FY25 launches also, in the last few quarters, the 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 24 
company has done a land acquisition move towards horizontal. So, I just 
wanted to know land acquisition or business development strategy for FY25. 
Where do we see more land parcels will be added, i.e., in horizontal or vertical? 
Kamal Singal: 
It's a great question. As I said, more JDs have happened in the first 9 months, 
and JDs first tend to be a little more horizontal than being vertical. But because 
we are left with quite a bit of money to be deployed in outright projects, as we 
just discussed a few minutes back, that will mean that more of the horizontal 
will start entering into the portfolio very soon, as we continue and deploy more 
money. But having said that, we have been quite happy and conscious about 
remaining a little more horizontal historically in the last 3-4 months and 
specifically post-COVID. In fact, we were the company who spotted this trend 
very early, and we saw benefits not only from the point of view of efficient 
allocation of capital but also from the point of view of mitigating and 
minimizing risk or rather optimizing risk in the portfolio, given the 
uncertainties we had during COVID and thereafter. This strategy generally has 
paid off well. We don't see that we have penetrated deeper than what we should 
be doing and hence we see a lot of scope still left in the markets that we are in. 
For example, even Surat, a great city the size of as big as Ahmedabad is, etc., 
but there are very few horizontal developments which are of that great quality, 
international standards, bringing a very different perspective to how a 
horizontal development can look like, etc. These are the kind of opportunities 
which are quite untapped. A lot of real estate developers have appreciated this. 
We spotted this trend a little early and hence our portfolio today looks heavier 
on the horizontal. Going forward also, we will continue to keep a similar kind 
of focus on horizontal. But having said that, you will see quite a bit of action 
happening on vertical as well as we go ahead with deployment of the under-
deployed money that we have from all the 3 sources we discussed. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
Kamalji, if you can give some numbers like if we go for Rs. 4,000 GDV value, 
what will it be – like 60% will be horizontal or 30% or 70%? Any thoughts you 
have in the mind? My doubt is that to get such a big land parcel, it will become 
difficult. Not maybe in FY25 but in FY26 or FY27, getting big land parcels 
will be difficult. That is why I'm asking. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Kamal Singal: 
Today we are optimizing. We have got both the options. As we invest and the 
way we have invested in the last few quarters, it doesn't mean that we have not 
got ideas and opportunities in vertical for that matter. It's about deploying in 
the best alternative at that day looking at the possibility of sales, velocity of 
sales, etc. To that extent, we are not worried about in what direction we will go 
or whether or not larger or these kind of parcels will be available. In fact, we 
have surprised ourselves already by getting into larger and larger horizontal 
arrangements and joint development agreements than what we were set out to 
be. And as the brand builds further and as the recognition happens further, it's 
already very strong in the markets that we are. We are getting more and more 
opportunities in the market where landowners are approaching both for vertical 
and horizontal on a joint development basis and hence this opportunity. In fact, 
when we talk about consolidation in the market, it essentially means that even 
if the market grows by 10%, the guys and the brands who are organized, they 
are growing by 25%. And that means a lot of landowners now, instead of 
thinking of doing things themselves, want to go through the brand route, 
through an organized player route, and get into development indirectly. If that 
is happening, the trend of JDs is only going to increase and consolidate further. 
To that extent, we are quite hopeful and there are reasons to believe that these 
deals and these kind of deals will keep coming. But having said that, to keep a 
little fatter skin in the game, there has to be an optimum balance between JDs 
and our own projects so that not only that we have better ratios in terms of 
profitability, return on equity, etc., we should also have skin which is fatter 
which means return on effort has to be further optimized and even in the 
absolutes for the effort that we put in as a portfolio are also healthy. So, 
verticals which are owned by us are equally important. Our idea is to invest 
almost 50% of the money that we have, maybe 60% of the money goes into 
our own project and 30% to 40% money goes into JDs. But 30% to 40% money 
going into JD means they will create a disproportionate amount of top line 
because they are more efficient in creating top line. To that extent, there will 
be a little bit of an orientation towards the top line being coming from JDs 
more, but from an investment standpoint, it might be 60:40 in favor of own 
vertical projects versus JD. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 24 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Pathak from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Sir, I wanted to check – we have been hearing that the major demand, 70% of 
the demand in real estate space, comes from the top 7-8 cities. But with regard 
to your recent foray in Surat, that's maybe you can say a tier 2 city, how does 
this foray come in our strategic growth map? What's our thought process? 
Maybe I am looking from a medium-term strategic growth point of view. 
Kamal Singal: 
You are talking in the context of Surat, right? 
Harsh Pathak: 
Yes, Surat and in general our foray in our tier 2 cities. Are we looking for 
similar forays in other tier 2 cities as well or will we consolidate in this market? 
Any color that you can give. 
Kamal Singal: 
We have historically been a little conservative when it comes to geographical 
expansion and adding a new city. In the first almost 1 decade of our operations, 
we limited ourselves to Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar being a twin city and 
Bengaluru. And then we started thinking of cities like Surat. In fact, we talked 
about Surat almost a year and a half back when we thought that this could be 
potentially a great opportunity for us. Quite a few things have happened since 
then in Surat including the Bourse coming in and other activities like bullet 
train becoming a reality very soon, maybe by FY26, we start seeing the train 
running through the city, etc. You'll be surprised that Surat actually is bigger 
than most of us believe. It's almost as big as Ahmedabad is on many fronts, 
including the number of houses sold, the size of the market, per capita income, 
overall scale and size, businesses, etc., including population. Almost they are 
the same size. So, it's a very natural fit. It might not be a tier 2 strategy for us 
in that sense, typically. But we see Surat as a very natural extension. Whatever 
way we look at it, it could be seen as an extension of Ahmedabad, just a 3-hour 
drive from here and very similar consumer mix, customer mix, brand 
recognition, etc., almost the same size, and it can also be seen as a twin city to 
Mumbai, for example. Once the bullet is ready, it's about 1-1/2 hours from 
Mumbai. So, to that extent, it fits perfectly into the strategy overall. And we 
have spent enough time understanding the city, understanding the markets, and 
we have taken more time than what we would have ourselves anticipated to 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 24 
enter into this city because we wanted to make sure that we enter with size, 
scale, and then the city should have potential to go deeper as we go forward. 
It's not about doing an opportunistic 1 or 2 projects. Once we enter, it has to be 
of decent size, and that box also gets checked in this case. Other than that, we 
have said that in the medium term, Ahmedabad and Bengaluru obviously our 
home markets, then MMR is our third priority. So to say, we have taken time 
before we announce something concrete in Mumbai, but in Pune, we have 
already got going and we hope that we will add something there as well. These 
three are going to be our medium-term focus. And Surat can be seen more like 
an extension of either Ahmedabad or Mumbai, whatever way you want to take 
it. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Any progress on the Mumbai market that you would want to highlight? 
Kamal Singal: 
Mumbai, we are very intensely into the market at this point. We are not in a 
position to announce anything at this point in time, but the focus is becoming 
narrower and narrower. Hopefully, in the coming quarter, we should be able to 
announce something there, but that enough and more resources are already put 
in. We are very closely monitoring and evaluating the market and specific 
opportunities. Hopefully, something should materialize soon. Surat is a great 
addition. We are happy that finally we have broken into the market, and once 
we reach there and we have a strong setup there, I am sure this will give us a 
great opportunity to go deeper in a market which is as important as Ahmedabad 
for us. 
Harsh Pathak: 
Just one last question. When you say that when we are nearing closure on the 
Mumbai market, will it be an outright purchase or a JD? I am asking more from 
a cash flow management perspective. 
Kamal Singal: 
It could be both. But the way we are seeing at this point in time, it's looking 
more like a JD entry where the initial fund deployment will be contained to a 
large extent. But we are open to both, we are evaluating both. Going with the 
sheer numbers and the trend that I am seeing from the option that we have 
evaluated of late, it seems that chances of a JD happening are higher than an 
outright happening. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 24 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari from JHP Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, congratulations on a very good pipeline. And it was exciting to see Arvind 
SmartSpaces foraying in Surat. I just had 1 question. What is the nearest village 
on NH 48 where we have done this Surat thing? Is it near Kamrej? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes, it's very near to Kamrej, you are right. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Again then following up on that, based on the indicative top line of Rs. 1,100 
crore and 13 million square feet generation, per square foot would be around 
Rs. 850 per square foot, right? 
Kamal Singal: 
It will be more like Rs. 7,000 to Rs. 8,000 per square foot of realization on the 
land, yes. 
Akshay Kothari: 
What would be the size of the plot? 
Kamal Singal: 
That we have not figured out yet. It's at a very early stage of planning and 
designing, etc. I think those details will emerge over a period of time. We have 
just got into an agreement and finalized the deal, etc., but we will share such 
details when we are close to the launch. Anyway, as per the regulatory 
requirements, RERA, etc., we aren't supposed to be getting anything on the 
project before it is approved. So, we will wait for that information. But 
generally we will do what we keep doing at a place like Uplands in Adroda, 
stuff like that or a mix of both. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir, just one last thing. Just to get your thoughts on this. Surat is generally very 
famous for textiles and diamond market of late. The thing is inherent nature of 
these businesses is that the people have so much of cash that their second 
business is generally becoming getting into real estate because generally that 
is where money can be parked into. We being a company who doesn't indulge 
in all these activities, how do you see this market actually evolving? Because, 
today it's not there. In fact, the real estate players over there are the ones who 
actually are very much unorganized. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Kamal Singal: 
When it comes to buying a house, it's like something that if you like, then you 
stretch yourself. If you don't like, anyways there are many reasons not to buy 
that. We have seen that wherever we have delivered a great product, for 
example, Uplands, irrespective of the values that were there at unit price levels, 
once people like it, to manage cheque is not that big an issue. Banks are 
funding. That means that even businessmen want to have a little bigger size of 
their balance sheet these days. The overall environment is changing, overall 
orientation is changing, and investing in a house doesn't mean that you have to 
take the entire liquidity out of the system of your business. It broadly comes 
from a bank if you so need it, and that's the cheapest source of money in any 
case. I will give you one example. If you are buying a Rs. 10-crore house, you 
have got 2 options. One is to take that money from your business out even if it 
is cash. But the cost of that capital, direct or indirect cash or otherwise, has to 
be much more than what you could have otherwise managed through a bank. 
So, even for a businessman who has a lot of cash and who keeps a lot of cash 
deployed in his business, he is always short of cash. That's how businesses 
work. And then to get into an asset which is appreciating, an asset he wants to 
enjoy, it is actually better despite having cash to take that money from the 
cheapest source which is housing loan and then deploy it irrespective of 
whether it is Rs. 10 crore or Rs. 15 crore. All these combinations make a lot of 
sense. We haven't faced the kind of problem which looks like or appears to be 
from a periphery and we have been able to sell quite a bit of these products at 
a very hefty pace. And of course, Bengaluru and those kind of markets don't 
have this issue at all. In Ahmedabad, we have cracked this already in multiple 
projects, multiple sizing, scales, etc. So, very hopeful and very reasonable to 
believe that. This is one aspect that we need to be careful about, but having 
said that, if the right product is delivered, the right product is planned, and the 
right excitement is created, there shouldn't be a problem selling it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Sir, my first question is that we have ongoing unsold projects worth around Rs. 
1,400 crore if I have to see the operating cash flow table that we have presented 
in our presentation. I would like to know what kind of expected sales velocity 
do we see here now. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 24 
Kamal Singal: 
In the ongoing unsold projects you are saying? 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Yes. 
Kamal Singal: 
Generally, from the sales mix point of view, we see a trend of one-third and 
two-third coming from sustenance and new launches. Broadly, this is what we 
possibly could be doing this year, and this is what we should be doing next 
year. Does that answer your question, or you have some other part of the 
question to be answered? 
Rishikesh Oza: 
I wanted to mix this up with also the Rs. 4,000 crore GDV that we are planning 
for FY25. What kind of velocity do we see for both of them? If you could 
provide us separately like for years of velocity that you see for unsold ones on 
ongoing projects and the ones that you will be launching in FY25. 
Ankit Jain: 
Part one of the question is with respect to the completed and ongoing projects. 
It has increased significantly during this quarter. And as you rightly pointed 
out, it has reached close to Rs. 1,400 odd crore, mainly because of the 2 
launches which we had. We had one Forest Trails launch with an approximate 
sale value of Rs. 550 crore, out of which only Rs. 150 crore is sold. Hence, Rs. 
400 crore has got added into the inventory of ongoing projects. That is one. 
And second one, is the phase II launch of Uplands 2.0 for which we have 
launched close to around Rs. 325 crore of inventory and out of which Rs. 75 
crore is sold. So, the balance Rs. 250 odd crore gets added to the ongoing 
projects inventory. That's why you see an increase in the ongoing inventory 
number. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
And this Rs. 1,400 crore, how many years are you expecting to sell it off? 
Ankit Jain: 
This comes into our sustenance entry basically. 
Kamal Singal: 
It is difficult to predict at this point in time, but you could see that in a couple 
of years' time, 2 to 3 years time, everything should be on an ongoing basis 
getting liquidated. Last year, we sold Rs. 800 crore total. This year, we are 
hoping that we will grow by 30% on the sales and next year also we will grow 
by 30%. That's the base target that we are keeping. Building on that number if 
that's how we are going in totality and if one-third of that is supposed to be 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 24 
coming from sustenance, I will rather look at it from that point of view. And 
that way, it is very easy to crunch that number in that sense. You can just plot 
the overall sales number first, which is starting from Rs. 800 crore and this year 
and then next year, and then assuming that 30% to 35% comes from sustenance 
of that, I think that's a better way to look at it rather than seeing how and to 
what extent and what quantum will be sold from the Rs. 1,400 crore to Rs. 
1,500 crore that we have right now. To that extent, you could analyze because 
sustenance also is an evolving number. We launched something today, 
Lakshmanpura. Maybe a couple of months since the launch phase and 
thereafter it enters into the sustenance category in that sense immediately after 
the first major launch. So, we will see that one-third should come from 
sustenance on an ongoing basis. And overall number of sales you know how 
to predict and work. 
Rishikesh Oza: 
Also, How do you see the revenue and EBITDA margins from a P&L 
accounting perspective for FY25 and FY26? 
Kamal Singal: 
MIS sales is something that you know how they are appearing and how it is 
happening. And books are obviously delayed by 2 to 3 years on an average. 
That's how the trajectory is. Generally, within a legitimate gap, the trajectory 
of growth that you see in your fresh sales should be also dovetailed with the 
trajectory of growth in the books of accounts. If we say that we have been sort 
of consistently growing to the extent of 30% to 35% on fresh sales year on 
year, that should be the stabilized growth appearing in the books of accounts. 
So, one way to look at it could be that you just assume that similar growth shall 
be visible in the books of account as well, which is more like 25% to 30%. But 
one major disclaimer in this is that it can really vary. On a comparatively 
smaller base of number of projects, etc., for the company like ours, it can vary 
from period to period because of that one trigger point when you firmly say 
that this project is closed and this project is completed, OC, etc. Because of 
this 1 stop point, which is 1 button to be pressed – 1 day, 1 minute – this can 
vary, but on an average, long term and medium term, the growth trajectory will 
catch up with each other in both top line fresh versus what enters into books of 
accounts. The other relevant factor in that is that as of now as we speak, there 
is in excess of Rs. 2,000 crore worth of sales which has already happened 
where the money is coming, going, and development happening, unrecognized 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 24 
revenue which is actual sales but not yet reported or entered into books of 
account is worth Rs. 2,000 crore as we speak. That's how you could take it. 
That is also one important handle for you to work on this number to predict 
what could happen in the books of account and at least next 2 to 3 years by 
when these projects are getting completed in any case. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Jain, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. First question is, from the launch to 6 months of 
time, what percentage do you ideally want to sell off? 
Kamal Singal: 
Internally, we would always target to sell in the first burst itself, maybe more 
like a month, month and a half, 2 months, at least 30% to 35% and thereabouts. 
Because once we do that, we know that the project is broadly in autopilot mode 
when it comes to money required to execute. 35% is a very good number. And 
then you know that basically you don't need much of a money for your 
construction and the cash flow requirement goes to almost zero if not exactly 
zero. That's how most of our projects are doing. As we speak, most of the 
projects are breaking even on the construction side and creating positive cash 
flows thereafter. So, 30% to 35% is the first milestone that we need to achieve, 
and that generally we tend to achieve sooner than 6 months. After the initial 
launch within maybe 1 to 2 months or 3 months of launch, thereafter it's a 
sustenance phase. And every month, you then tend to start selling something 
like 2%, 1%, or 3% every month and thereabouts depending on velocities. We 
confidently, have been selling much more than the numbers that we just 
discussed in many of the projects we have sold in the recent past. But as 
management, as business people, we are happy selling one-third and 
thereabouts in the initial burst. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Wadhwani from Monarch AIF. 
Please go ahead. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
How are you finding the land prices or the JD agreement shaping up in the 
future? Because, now, what we have seen in the last few quarters or last 1 or 2 
years the demand for real estate is very strong. That has led to land price 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 24 
increases or the share that is being asked by the JD partners is higher. Are you 
witnessing the same thing and how are you trying to manage that? 
Kamal Singal: 
In general, yes, land prices have moved up across markets and across 
geographies, and outright deals are more expensive. That's the trend. But the 
good news is that such price hikes have broadly been taken care of by the 
improved realizations. And hence margins, if at all, have got into very little 
pressure at this point in time. But having said that, lands have become more 
expensive and hence absolute values and the costs have gone up for the end 
product, but still the demand and the sustainability of demand is quite 
widespread and most of the inventory is being bought by people who are not 
big investors buying for speculation. These are long-term investments or long-
term consumption sort of purposes that the buyers are buying the inventory. 
So, it's no big worry, and it's quite sustainable. 
Rakesh Wadhwani: 
How are you negotiating with the JD partners for that? 
Kamal Singal: 
JD, especially in the larger land parcel, is quite subjective. People are looking 
at much more dependable, corporate, governed, and trustworthy people to 
partner with. There, the competition actually is less than what we would have 
anticipated. And that basically is a function of track record versus the brand 
and the reliability, etc. They are finding a good deal. In fact, it's more of us 
choosing rather than opportunities coming our way because we have to create 
value, we have to create the destination, and these are long-term commitments 
and generally these are long-term value creation projects. So, there, it's about 
us understanding the potential of the land more. And valuation generally is not 
that big a concern. Outright deals are a little more difficult because the price 
sensitivity there is high for both the parties and generally the valuations have 
gone up on our outright deals. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Deepak Purswani from Svan Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, in terms of the launch pipeline for the next 
year. Since we have mentioned we have an inventory that we launched to the 
extent of Rs. 4,100 crore, I just wanted to get the sense especially related to the 
2 projects in terms of the approval process. One is NH 48 Surat which was 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 24 
recently launched. How should we look in terms of the approval for that 
project? And second is the South Ahmedabad one. 
Kamal Singal: 
Both these are very large projects. And of course, approval processes are a little 
longer than a medium-sized project or a small-sized project. To that extent, in 
the coming year, we will be a little heavy on these launches in the second half 
of the year. And we are hoping that both these projects should be hitting the 
market in the real sense in the second half. And hence, in fact, the first 2 
quarters comparatively will be a little lighter on launches and will be 
significantly heavier on a planned basis in the second half. And both these 
should hit the market in the second half. 
Deepak Purswani: 
And sir, if you can also share in terms of our economic interest in the figures 
and numbers at the current juncture. For example, last year, we did Rs. 800 odd 
crore. And this year, looking at the trajectory, we may close at Rs. 1,100 odd 
crore. Can you please share what would be our economic interest in these 
figures? 
Ankit Jain: 
We do share our economic interest project-wise against each of our projects. 
We have already put in, in one of the sheets in the investor presentation our 
economic interest. You may refer to the same. 
Kamal Singal: 
But just a reminder. These EBITDA numbers and the margin numbers that we 
report, this is after all other interests being taken care of – landlord's share of 
land, JD-JV shares, etc. So, whatever is reported from MIS standpoint or the 
project margin standpoint etc., all the numbers are post external interests. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thanks a lot everybody for participating in this earning call of Arvind 
SmartSpaces. And thanks again for your continued support on this. I hope we 
have been able to address most of your queries. However, if there is anything 
missed out on any of your questions, kindly reach out to Vikram and he will 
connect with you offline and clarify and give further information as may be 
required. Looking forward to interacting with all of you in the coming quarters. 
Thanks for your time. 

 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
 
