 
 
 
 +91 022 67522300  
  info@sapphirefoods.in 
  www.sapphirefoods.in 
 702, Prism Tower, A-Wing, Mindspace, Link 
Road, Goregaon (W), Mumbai- 400062 
Sapphire Foods India Limited 
CIN: L55204MH2009PLC197005 
Date: 16th February 2024 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: SAPPHIRE 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
 
Scrip Code: 543397 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earnings Call Transcript – Q3 FY24 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings call held on Friday,   
9th February 2024, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December 2023. 
 
The said Earnings Call Transcript is also available at the website of the Company 
(https://www.sapphirefoods.in/investors-relation/financials) under FY 2023-24 Quarter 3 
section. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sapphire Foods India Limited 
 
 
 
Sachin Dudam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Sachin 
Tukaram 
Dudam
Digitally signed 
by Sachin 
Tukaram Dudam 
Date: 2024.02.16 
17:51:33 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Sapphire Foods India Limited Q3 & 9M FY-24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY PUROHIT – GROUP CEO & WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIJAY JAIN – CFO, SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL KAPOOR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
SAPPHIRE FOODS INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVYA SHAH – ORIENT CAPITAL  

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sapphire Foods India Limited Q3 and nine-
months FY24 Earnings Conference Call of organized by Orient Capital. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavya Shah from Orient Capital. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
Bhavya Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q3 and Nine Months FY24 Earnings Con-Call for 
Sapphire Foods India Limited. 
From the Management we have with us Mr. Sanjay Purohit – Group CEO and Whole-Time 
director, Mr. Vijay Jain – CFO and Mr. Rahul Kapoor – Head, Investor Relations. 
I hope everybody had a chance to go through the results and investor presentation which was 
uploaded on the exchange earlier today. Before we proceed a reminder that his call may contain 
some of the forward-looking statements which do not guarantee future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks. A detailed disclaimer has also been published in the presentation. 
I will hand over the call to Sanjay. Over to you sir. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining our investor call.  
Let me start off; our Quarter 3 FY24 consolidated restaurant sales were 664 crores, and this grew 
by 12% YOY and EBITDA at 123 crores grew by 5%. Now these numbers seem to suggest that 
the quarter continues to be tough from a demand perspective. Indeed, when you look at most 
consumer product categories, we can see that demand conditions are tough and then when you 
look at the rest of the QSR industry, again you will see demand conditions the growth generally 
being muted. But in the light of competitor highlights that have been given out, this performance 
still is relatively a strong performance driven by KFC which is doing quite well, Sri Lanka being 
stable and Pizza Hut continuing to be a challenging quarter.  
In the quarter we added 36 restaurants, 25 KFC, 8 Pizza Hut in India and 3 Pizza Hut in Sri 
Lanka, taking a total restaurant count to 850. Our consolidated restaurant EBITDA margin; 
EBITDA was flat Y-on-Y and margin was down to 16%, 210 basis points lower than last year. 
Our consol EBITDA post Ind-AS was 123 crores or 18.4% and this grew year-on-year by 5%, 
though down by 120 basis points. Our adjusted EBITDA was 72 crores or 10.9% and this 
declined Y-on-Y by 2% or by 155 basis points. 
I'm now going to jump to the KFC slide, which is Slide #18 and talk about what we are trying 
to drive on the KFC brand. Like I said in general, we are seeing growth being challenging in the 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
QSR space. However, on KFC our biggest priority is to be able to grow the fried chicken 
relevance. We have taken two occasions of lunch and snacking, and we are starting to blow this 
up. This is both through product menu innovation and then advertising both digital as well as 
mass media television advertising to back these initiatives. So, you would have seen snacking 
as a continuing theme from last couple of quarters and lunch is an occasion that we have started 
backing from this quarter onwards. Like I said both of them come with a variety of options at 
attractive price points and we are advertising to create demand.  
From an operational perspective, our customer scores and our operating scores continue to 
improve. For example, our Google ratings, our Swiggy ratings, our Zomato ratings on the basis 
of which consumers make a choice between brands have never been higher than what they are 
today. That's on account of the rigor in operational initiatives that we drive at the front end. So, 
that's doing really well.  
We have overall implemented digital kiosks. This is Slide #20 in about 130 restaurants and that's 
going well. From an accessibility perspective, we used to call out that on an overall basis we 
should be able to double our restaurant count in 3 to 4 years. On KFC at least we think that we 
should be able to call out that we will double this restaurant count in 3 years’ time. Quickly let 
me hand it over to Vijay to take us through the numbers part.  
Vijay Jain:   
Thank you, Sanjay. Just to clarify on the previous slide; doubling the count we meant December 
‘21 as the base. We are on track to double it by the end of Calendar Year ‘24. 
Slide #22; dining mix was 43%, delivery came at 38%, 200 basis points higher than last year. In 
terms of SSSG were at (-2%) with overall revenue growth of 16%. ADS of 125,000 include 25% 
new store additions. So, we added 81 stores over the last calendar year. So, that impact is there 
in the ADS of 125. Overall gross margin grew by 190 basis points and sequentially it improved 
by 50 basis points. This combined with the cost efficiencies meant that we were able to deliver 
a very strong EBITDA of 20.1%. And even if you look at our nine-month performance, 19% 
revenue growth with a 20% restaurant EBITDA this is the highest ever restaurant EBITDA for 
Sapphire KFC for a nine month period. 
Moving to Slide #25; it gives you a 4-year trend and five quarter trend. Now that we have the 
benefit of looking at the results of all of the QSR players, we can safely say that the last nine 
months performance of KFC and especially the Sapphire KFC. 
I would like to underline this “Sapphire KFC is by far the best in the industry considering the 
scale growth and the margins which we are able to deliver.” 
Sanjay Purohit: 
While KFC has been a shining star in our overall portfolio, Pizza Hut continues to face a 
challenging situation on the back of quite severe competitive pressures. Last time we had tried 
to distill out everything that we are doing into really three simple buckets, and we had called out 
specific actions that we are taking under each of these initiatives and here we are giving you a 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
summary update. Now given the nature of the decline that we have had on the brand, I must say 
there are no silver bullets to rejuvenating the brand. This is going to be a medium-term task and 
to be able to change perceptions on the brand. So, the first action that we have called is how do 
we revive customer interest in the brand by building the brand and both product innovation and 
enhanced marketing investments are the specific actions. You should be able to see innovation 
starting to roll out in the next two quarters and we will be putting in a higher level of marketing 
monies to back this innovation. Then we'd said we've got through operational initiatives how do 
we grow both dine in and home service. We have now implemented the Dragontail kitchen 
planning tool in 100% of our restaurants and most importantly because this is a delivery forward 
kitchen planning tool, for it to be effective we needed to integrate with the aggregator platforms, 
that is also complete. So, now our simple premise is that if we are able to deliver pizza within 
20 minutes to a customer as soon as it comes out of the oven then it is hot and fresh. We are now 
seeing month on month improvement in these metrics of the number of orders that we are able 
to serve within these 20 minutes. That's resulted in our higher ratings on Google, on Swiggy and 
on Zomato. So, across the platform we are close to a 4 rating on Zomato, and this has seen a 
substantial improvement and above 4 on Swiggy.  
Further building occasions like KFC is an important initiative. Both lunch as well as late night 
deliveries are the two areas that we are focusing on. The lunch day part activation has been rolled 
out and over 90% of our stores now are open for late night deliveries. So, this also we think will 
give us an upside.  
And finally, we've talked about our philosophy on capital allocation and given that the brand 
right now has had a challenging couple of quarters on profitability, we've said that we will do 
3% to 5% portfolio corrections in the next two quarters. We will slow down on our rate of 
expansion, but we will continue to invest in refurbishments so that the customer experience is 
really maintained. So, like I want to underline here, brand revival will take a few quarters but 
the actions we believe we are taking are fundamental in nature and it's just persistence that will 
definitely drive and deliver results.  
Vijay Jain:   
Moving to Slide #32; dining mix came at 35% and delivery is at 49%. Largely stable quarter-
on-quarter and even for the last nine months in the similar range. Overall SSSG for the brand 
was (-19%) and even the overall revenue decreased by 4%. ADS came at 45,000 ADS. Again, 
in terms of last 1-year additions we roughly added 15% of stores in last 1 calendar year. 
Moving to the gross margins; 75.7%, up by 130 basis points. Although gross margins improved, 
the operating deleverage on account of negative SSSG meant that our restaurant EBITDA came 
down at 4.6%. Slide #35 which gives you the 4-year trend and five quarter trend, clearly shows 
that the brand is facing challenging times. However, Pizza Hut continues to be important second 
leg for Sapphire and we're confident that it will emerge stronger in the medium term.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Very quickly on the Sri Lanka business performance; Sri Lanka has been quite steady. On a 
YTD basis we are seeing 1% SSSG. The operating conditions are quite steady. I think this is the 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
period where with cost stabilizing, with the country's economic and political scenarios 
stabilizing, we should look at an improvement in the growth outlook towards the latter part of 
the year. We still believe strongly that there is good growth potential in this market and for the 
brand Pizza Hut, there is still a long runway for expansion and growth here. We will continue to 
be careful. We opened 7 stores last year and we will continue to be in that vicinity until we see 
an uptick in the overall macros and then we should be able to accelerate. The brand continues to 
be the #1 QSR brand in the country.  
Vijay Jain:   
I will cover from the financials of Lanka, slide #40; the dining mix came at 27%, delivery was 
at 37% again, largely in line with the last year. SSSG was 1% in LKR, in terms of overall revenue 
growth 7% in LKR, 22% in Indian rupees and while gross margins improved by 450 bps, cost 
inflations on other lines meant that restaurant EBITDA came at 14.2%, again largely in line with 
the last few quarters. Also, our absolute restaurant EBITDA grew by 4% in LKR term. So, that's 
again another heartening part that now we are able to grow our restaurant EBITDA. So, over last 
1 year over past few quarters we lost out on our restaurant EBITDA and absolute basis. We are 
again seeing the growth happening on an absolute EBITDA basis. So, 4% for the quarter, 2% on 
YTD basis in LKR terms and 19% for the quarter in INR terms and 19% on YTD basis as well. 
Slide #44 gives out the 4-year trend and five quarter trend. As you can see the last few quarters 
have been quite steady in terms of our performance in terms of profitability and as 
macroeconomic recovery continues. As mentioned by Sanjay, we expect improvement in this 
starting from next financial year.  
Moving on to Slide #45; very pleased to inform that Sapphire Foods is now rated by S&P on 
ESG parameters. Our DJSI ratings, we were rated as 42 in terms of score. We are highest or first 
amongst the QSR brands in India, 95th percentile amongst the global QSR companies. The key 
areas of impact have been human capital development, business ethics and customer relationship 
management. With this we hand it over back Anuja to you. We can open the forum for questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama Wealth Management Limited.   
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Two questions from my side. Starting off with Pizza Hut, over the last six quarters there's been 
a significant deceleration in the performance, which you also highlighted. So, is this totally 
related to the competitive intensity or maybe from a brand perspective also some choices or 
some aspects have not worked out right? Because if you look at the history there was revival 
which the brand saw but it's just surprising in terms of the kind of deceleration the specific brand 
has taken versus some of the other pizza players.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
So, I think part of the issue is the competitor intensity and perhaps that's affected Pizza Hut a 
little more than other brands. So, that's what the numbers point out towards, Nihal. Having said 
that I think we recognize that in a highly competitive space at this moment, we've got to start 
upping the ante. The brand still means a lot to consumers. All our consumer research still shows 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
that the brand retains a top-of-mind awareness, consideration. And yet in the face of like I said 
competitive pressures, we have lost out on growth despite our higher expansion. So, the answer 
really lies in how do you revive consumer interest behind the brand and to do that it's a 
combination of how much marketing that you put behind the brand and through both innovation 
as well as value attract consumers and back that up with very strong operations to deliver a great 
experience to consumers when they either come to the store or when they order in their home.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
A related question here was that we've been very aggressive with product launches in Pizza Hut 
over the last 2 years. When we are incrementally looking at launching further products, what is 
going to be different versus say launching those 10 unique Pizzas which I think just happened 6 
months back?  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Very well. So, if I just look at our last say perhaps 2 or 3 years what really worked on the brand 
was about 2 years ago when we launched the Momo Pizza, that seemed to work on the brand. 
When we launched Flavor Fun for a period of 6 to 9 months, we saw significant upside on the 
brand. Brand ADS started to move up, the core Pizza Refresh which was the 10 new pizzas and 
branded as ‘What's your mood Pizza’, perhaps did not have as much of impact as it should have 
because you're changing around toppings and not offering the consumer anything significantly 
new. So, that's a lesson that we are perhaps taking out. So, whereas when I look at the first two 
innovations that I talked about both Momo as well as on Flavor Fun, I think one recognition is 
that we should have been able to support these innovations for a longer period of time through 
heightened marketing. Given the size of the brand and the costs of media today, we thought that 
if we support these initiatives for a one quarter basis or so that will be enough. I don't think that's 
enough. I think those are our learnings out of what we have launched in the past and we should 
take that into our future launches.  
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
In case of KFC, it has obviously been a much better performer as you said. Is there a possibility 
in that category also online competition come up and just become an issue in the future, there 
are 1-2 brands who obviously launched specific chicken offerings? So, just your view on that. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
I guess the overall competitive pressure in food has increased. If I even just break up this 
competitive pressure, we are not seeing so much of pressure coming from brick and mortar and 
or omni restaurants. So, people who are putting up stores as well as being online. The 
competitive intensity there is I would say normal but not heightened where it seems to be coming 
out is in the form of cloud kitchens. Now each one of them whether they are making money or 
not is a secondary question. But at least in the initial stages it's quite easy, there are lower costs 
of setup. Continuing costs of being able to make money is a different question. But therefore, 
you see a burgeoning of what I think are cloud kitchen brands and, in this space, also pizza is a 
little easier than perhaps KFC. So, could it happen on KFC? Yes, it could happen on KFC. It 
could happen on any brand really. Hence again how do you continuously build consumer interest 
on the brand, is really the answer only to counter such competition.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak Institutional Equities.   

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Jay Doshi: 
I have just one question. With such strong store growth over the last couple of years and SSSG 
decline in KFC, you're still able to hold on to a margin of 20%. So, what are the steps you've 
taken over the past couple of years to improve efficiency at store level and do you think this is 
a sustainable margin assuming that the demand environment remains weak?  
Vijay Jain:   
So, again Jay at (-2%) SSSG this was possible because we also got a benefit of gross margins. 
Having said that a lot of work has gone on the cost efficiency side as well. If I give you a few 
examples and I've called out this on previous forums, the pace setter exercise which we follow 
internally where you bucket the similar revenue stores in cohorts of 15 and 20 and then you try 
and compare one cost versus the other and challenge the less performing stores to deliver the 
cost parameters as per the greater performing stores or better performing stores is a continuous 
exercise. So, that exercise actually cuts across whether it is labor hours, whether it is electricity 
unit consumption, whether it is gas cylinder consumption, whether it is wastage across the stores. 
So, this is a continuous program which we have developed in house and over the last 3 years 
have been giving us quite a bit of joy. Having said that if the pressure on SSSG continues, I don't 
think the gross margin there is further scope of improvement. If we're able to hold onto these 
ADS levels, I think yes it's possible to hold onto margin in this particular range. But if the ADS 
level goes down and if the SSSG goes even further down, then it becomes difficult to hold onto 
this level of margin. Having said that while we have taken various measures on the cost front 
just to clarify not at the cost of the customer. So, our customer metrics are at all-time high in 
terms of whether it is Swiggy ratings, Zomato ratings, the Google ratings, our guest experience 
scores, the ratings which we measure internally on operating and brand standards. So, they are 
at all-time high. So, these efficiencies are driven not at the cost of experience.  
Jay Doshi: 
A follow up there, you had about 250 KFC stores 2 years back December 2021 quarter. You 
have (+150) stores that are less than 2 years old. What would be the profitability gap between 
the stores that are 2 years and above maturity wise and the stores that are less than 2 years? What 
would be the differential in this margin?  
Vijay Jain:   
Jay, we typically don't give out vintage wise profitability. However, what I can tell you is that 
typically it takes 3 years for the store to mature in terms of revenue levels and in terms of coming 
to the profitability near the brand average. So, if it's 2 years yes, it's short of the brand average 
in terms of both revenue and profitability. It takes closer to 3 years to reach the brand level in 
terms of the ADS and the profitability.  
Jay Doshi: 
But is it a big drag on overall profitability or not so much?  
Vijay Jain:   
I would not look at those as being drag. This is like you're building it for the future growth. It's 
a natural course which it is to traverse over 3 years. It's profitable in year 1. We break even 
almost in Quarter 1. In year 1 the profitability will be in double digits. In year 3 it will move 
towards the brand average. So, while it will be shorter of the brand average, after 3 years it 
becomes rolling cycle. The stores which I opened 3 years ago now are adding to the profitability. 
I will again add new stores. So, it's a continuous cycle and that's why we have said that we are 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
very happy to target ourselves to deliver a margin which is in the range of in and around 20%. 
We don't want to really have a scenario where this goes beyond 20% and if it goes beyond 20%, 
we will invest even more aggressively on the brand by opening even more aggressively. So, 
that's the approach. If it goes down considerably below 20%, we will have to relook at our 
expansion plan. So, that's the simple approach we apply. You have seen that already on Pizza 
Hut, that moment the profitability got impacted, we have called out first in the industry to go 
slow on our expansion plan. If you look at the last two quarter numbers on Pizza Hut, we have 
slowed down in single digit our store expansion.  
Jay Doshi: 
Your KFC profitability is very resilient and impressive in context of what we are seeing across 
the space. One last thing you talked about Pizza’s turnaround, but steps and you have a slide 
there. But my question is that look there are three stakeholders here, yourself the other franchisee 
and Pizza Hut India. If the interests of all three are not aligned then is it possible for any one 
stakeholder to (Inaudible) (30.35 mins) around the brand and do something? And in this case 
is there an equal level of commitment you see from the other franchise as well as Pizza Hut to 
actually fix this issue?  
Vijay Jain:   
So, while it can be difficult but not an impossible one as long as the interests and the objectives 
are aligned which they are. Over the years we have seen that all the three partners have come 
together on the platform, and we have been able to arrive at a way forward which is aligned 
across all the three parties. That's what happened when April ‘19, if I may recall we complete 
redid the menu card, brought in the everyday low pricing. That's what happened when we did 
the meal options. That's what happened when we did Flavor Fun and even the going forward 
plan, when we are calling out that we are going to heighten the level of marketing investments 
and product innovations. Heighten the level of marketing investments not just by Sapphire, other 
partner franchisee as well and not just other partner franchisee even Yum! themselves will put 
additional money towards that. So, yes, our interests are aligned. As I said as long as the 
objectives are aligned, we are able to figure out the way. Three partners on the table can also 
mean the three-thinking people. So, the idea can come from any one of the three. As long as it's 
good for the brand there is no harm in accepting that idea and moving forward.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
I will add my two bits also here Jay. So, unequivocally yes, we are aligned between Devyani, 
between us and between Yum!.  
Jay Doshi: 
I never had doubt about alignment, it's about commitment. The level of investment that each one 
of you would be willing to put in.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Alignment without commitment is useless. I would say in my book, so it is alignment with 
commitment. And at this moment you just have to take me at face value perhaps but hopefully 
this will play out in the next couple of months.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark.   

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Tejash Shah: 
My question is an extension of what Jay asked, on resilience on KFC margins. So, interestingly 
we were at 65% SSG 1Q last year and we delivered 20.3% margin, and we are at (-2%) this 
quarter and still we are at 20.1%. So, understandably as you explained that in that period you 
would have kind of reinvested into it into the brand and hence, we did not kind of overrun on 
the operating leverage part that period. But I'm just wondering if those investments were done 
at that point and immediately it is followed by such a weak period of demand in SSG, how 
should we think about that operating leverage not allowing to come through in the margins and 
investing? And how do you calculate or how do you track ROI of such investments when the 
tailwind is in your favor, you don't allow margins to go up and then headwinds are not under our 
control? So, just wanted to understand the mindset or philosophy over here.  
Vijay Jain:   
You were referring to which quarter if you can just come again, which quarter you are referring 
to?  
Tejash Shah: 
1Q FY23 when we had a low base, our restaurant EBITDA in KFC was 20.3% with SSG of 
65%. Then even 3Q last year on 3% we are at 20.2%. So, we have been very resilient on this 
point on EBITDA margin. I was just wondering if things have to improve.  
Vijay Jain:   
I was just wanting to understand which quarter you were referring to. When you're looking at 
that 65% SSSG growth, Tejas that's not really comparable or normalized SSSG because Q1 
FY23 it's getting compared with Q1 FY22 which is the second wave or the peak of second wave 
of COVID. So, it comes across from a really low base. What you need to look at is what were 
the ADS levels at those point in times. And our ADS levels have been in the range of I would 
say anywhere between 120 to 140. Those are the kind of ADS levels range we have been 
hovering around. So, those ADS levels would determine what kind of restaurant EBITDA I'm 
able to hold on. Having said that my new stores also come at a lower ADS. When we say we 
will invest back in the business, we never meant invest back in the business through increasing 
the level of promotions or marketing. Those are at a standard level of 5% as per the agreement 
with the Yum!. What we meant by investing back in the business is by opening or increasing the 
pace of our expansion. So, if you are able to go faster and take the market by adding more stores 
that's the preferred route or the strategic route which we are choosing, growth with profitability 
rather than just trying to pocket the profitability and then have a lower growth. That's what we 
meant. So, it's not that when the tailwinds are there, we are not wanting to pocket the 
profitability.  
Tejash Shah: 
Second Sanjay in his opening remarks called out that pace of expansion will be relooked perhaps 
in more in Pizza Hut and we will also go down on some store corrections. So, if you can assign 
some number to this comment of yours for both the brands, you have a target of doubling on 
CY21. But we are almost at the back end of that for KFC as well. So, if you can give some color 
on how should we think about next 3 years for both the brands?  
Vijay Jain:   
When we gave out the CY21 number, so CY21 if I put all the three verticals together, we had 
550 restaurants and we said we could double it to 1100 restaurants in 3 to 4 years’ time. We 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
again gave a range of 3 to 4 years because we know in India shift can happen, it's happening for 
us right now in one of our brands. So, that's the reason we gave out a range of 3 to 4 years. 
Within that while we said we could largely double, yes one brand can be 2.1x, other brand can 
be 1.8x, 1.9x. We never wanted to get into a year by year or quarter by quarter targets. What it 
meant was that we could be in the range of 130 to 160 restaurants opening all verticals put 
together. For the last 2 years we have been on track on that. What we called out today specifically 
was that while we gave a range of 3 to 4 years, increasingly it looks like for KFC we would be 
able to meet that target of doubling in 3 years’ time. So, probably within the range of 3 to 4 
lower end of the range. In the case of Pizza Hut, we called out that probably within the range of 
3 to 4, we would go on the higher end of the range which was 4. As of today, if the brand is 
delivering (-19%), I would not want to get into a conversation on how many stores. I think the 
immediate priority for the next 6 months is let's see whether we can get some growth back on 
the brand and then we can try and do discussion on what the numbers looks like. It will continue 
to be slow. Right now, the numbers are single digit. We are opening 8 stores. For the next two 
quarters probably, you may even see a lower number as well. But the annual numbers the target 
for next 2 years I can call out, it looks like more towards 4 years rather than 3 years. But I think 
it would be prudent to park the conversation for the next 6 months at least and let's focus on 
getting the growth back.  
Tejash Shah: 
And whatever these 3 or 4 years whenever you're comfortable giving, this you are referring to 
net addition and not gross? 
Vijay Jain:   
Net additions and on the base of December ‘21. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was actually on the store expansion in KFC where you seem to be, obviously 
you're bringing down your target to 3-year doubling. So, the macro environment is still bad for 
food, KFC has of course been more resilient. So, just wanted to understand what's giving you 
the confidence that you could actually accelerate KFC addition. Is there a risk that we overdo 
KFC addition in an environment which is really bad and that puts us in a troubled spot? If you 
could put some light on the last three-four quarters the new store openings, how have those new 
stores done qualitatively versus where you normally expect it to be? Have they been significantly 
worse or more or less in line, so broadly the thought process on this acceleration in this weak 
environment?  
Vijay Jain:   
So, while we call it acceleration, I think we are trying to say we are largely maintaining the pace 
right. We opened 80 stores this calendar year as well. So, it's not going to go dramatically higher 
than that and still we will be able to closely hit that doubling the count in 3 years. So, first of all, 
we are not saying we will go extremely further aggressive from the current pace of expansion. 
The current pace of expansion actually leads us to or results into that 3-year doubling count on 
KFC. Secondly the approach we have always called out Sapphire’s approach on capital 
allocation. We would not get swayed by saying that if we can double it 3-4-5 years. It's based 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
on a simple approach that if you're opening the stores and those stores which you have opened 
are able to hit the strike rates or hurdle rates which gives us the required or desired payback of 
3 years or so, it gives us the desired level of profitability. It means whatever you're doing it's 
working and if it's working, you can continue with your pace of expansion. If it's not working 
you have to reduce the pace of expansion. That's what exactly we are doing. On KFC, whatever 
we are opening right now, you can see overall margins in the range of 20% which means the 
new stores are not big drag on our profitability. Those are working, they are able to follow largely 
the cycle of getting us the payback of 3 years or so. Over 3 years they are able to mature and hit 
the profitability which is of brand level average. So, as long as we're able to hit that profitability 
mark, it gives us an indication that you can continue the pace of expansion. The moment we fall 
on the SSSG even further or the moment we fall on the benchmark even further on the 
profitability, it gives us an indication immediately that this is a time to relook at your numbers. 
We relooked at Pizza Hut numbers. Nothing will stop us from relooking or revisiting the KFC 
numbers as well because capital allocation will be of prime importance. Having said that on 
Pizza Hut, we did not revisit the numbers on the very first quarter when the numbers went 
southwards. We always said these are conversations or decisions which cannot be taken on 
quarters data. We waited for three quarters for Pizza Hut before calling out yes, three quarters, 
nine months is long enough, and this warrants a store expansion approach which is more 
cautious. So, if anything of that sort happens in KFC yes, you will have to wait for 6-9 months 
to come up with what the new approach of the management would be.  
Arnab Mitra: 
My second question was on Pizza Hut, at this SSSG level and the margin level it is the 
exceptional circumstances right now. So, is there not a strong case to completely pause 
expansion temporarily till your initiatives that you've highlighted come in and the store 
economics improve? If such a measure has to be taken does Yum! have to be in agreement with 
the pause in store expansion or is that something you can take on your own based on the 
circumstances? Is there like a red line of margins that you take a call that this is just too bad, we 
need to stop and get our economics back in the existing store?  
Vijay Jain:   
So, while I answer your question specifically first just to overall strategy on Pizza Hut, for us 
it's a very important second leg for Sapphire. And while we are right now in challenging times, 
even in these challenging times our second leg, which is Pizza Hut, is way ahead than any other 
competitor's second leg. A few of our competitors don’t even have a second leg. So, that's an 
important point to remember that it's a very important part of our portfolio in the medium term, 
in the long term. Yes, currently we are facing challenging times. We have already tapered down 
our expansion. If you can see it's 8-8 stores vis-à-vis what we used to, our run rate used to be 
15-20 stores almost per quarter prior to that. The stores which you put are again an independent 
decision. So, while the current SSSG may not be great, there could be few opportunities, few 
pockets, few trade areas which could be completely not served by the existing stores, existing 
channels. Which means there could be opportunity, there could be good real estate available, 
there could be a great rental deal. So, you don't want to completely go into a situation where you 
are not able to capture those things. Also, there would be few stores which we have already 
signed in terms of the pipeline. If those are at great commercials you may want to open that. So, 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
completely pausing may not be an approach. But if it comes to that situation yes, you are right. 
This requires a conversation with Yum!. Having said that thrice we had a conversation with 
Yum! over the last 7 years or so on the Pizza Hut store expansion and thrice we have been 
successful to renegotiate our development agreements in terms of store expansion. So, if this 
warrants any conversation yes, we can have those conversations. And as long as those 
conversations are with common sense and business sense, we have been able to confidently pull 
that off as well.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
I will just add here Arnab. Finally, we are all taking business decisions from a single lens, and I 
can't see any reason why Yum! should not back us. And in fact, they should be the first people 
who will tell us that go slow on expansion, let's get the brand right, let's get profitability right 
because they know that a profitable franchisee anywhere in the world is more than willing to put 
in further capital. But if you're not being able to get your returns, then what is the point in 
expanding for the sake of expansion. I think the conversations are fairly logical and fairly 
business forward.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited.   
Devanshu Bansal: 
My question is specific to dine-in or on-premise channel for KFC. The numbers suggest that 
performance has been sort of relatively much better versus peers in this quarter. We have 
reported a 6% to 7% sequential growth in our dining channel versus flattish to negative trends 
for other formats. So, what is working well for us here? Is it new launches, the KFC launched 
Wednesday offer or the store modernization that we have done? So, if you could just throw some 
light on this.  
Vijay Jain:   
So, yes, a lot of our current offers are focused on actually encouraging dine-in consumers to 
come in, dine-in and takeaway. So, our lunch offer is one of such examples which is focused on 
dine-in consumers. There's another offer which is currently going on, on crispy which is again 
dine-in and takeaway focus. So, yes, the efforts are there which actually try and get the consumer 
on the premise vis-à-vis just having it on the delivery platform. That's one. Secondly if you look 
at the mix and the quarterly mix also plays a role. Typically, if you look at Quarter 3 being a 
festival quarter, dine-in is definitely better in this quarter compared to the other quarters. So, 
entirely looking at sequential performance may not be the right way. When you compare it last 
year quarter the mix for dine-in has slightly gone down as well.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
So, Vijay I was comparing it across players. So, those things play out for other players also. 
From a gross margin point of view, Vijay indicated that for KFC at least there is not much room 
to improve there. But the other franchisee is still (inaudible) at 100- 150 bps (48.25mins) higher. 
So, is it just because of channel difference or can you throw some light there? 
Vijay Jain:   
So, first of all, on the gross margin I said there's not much of a room there, what I meant was 
again from an inflation point of view. We are fairly at a steady state over last couple of quarters. 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
So, whatever upside we had and whatever the gross margin we lost a year or so back because of 
high inflation, we have been able to largely pull back. Hence, I meant there's not much headroom 
available over there and we're quite steady, both for KFC as well as Pizza Hut. When you try 
and compare with the gross margins of Devyani, unfortunately we will not have a breakup or 
details available and this number over the period, over the last couple of years have gone up and 
down. So, frankly I would not have a specific answer. Having said that… 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Just look at the restaurant margin here.  
Vijay Jain:   
Having said that there are two or three reasons which can lead to different gross margins across 
both the franchisee. The first the buying mix, so while we negotiate at a one system Yum! level 
on key raw materials and vendors, the buying pattern could be very different. I would buy from 
a vendor who is nearer to me vis-à-vis vendor who is far away from me but cheaper because the 
transportation cost could make it quite expensive. So, buying mix could be quite different. The 
sales mix could be quite different. So, those are the mix which can be at play. Having said that 
if you look at the overall P&L profitability to restaurant EBITDA and even if you look at nine 
months profitability because sometimes quarterly numbers, there could be skewness and it may 
not do justice. On a nine-month basis KFC Sapphire is now at 20% restaurant EBITDA, the 
highest in the industry and Devyani if I remember number correctly is 19.8%. So, we are 20 bps 
higher than them. Traditionally I used to answer questions where that why are you 2% lower 
than Devyani on KFC? And we have called out that some of the territories which they operate 
in north, northeast, they have a cost advantage in terms of lower rentals, lower utility cost, lower 
cost of even wages. So, if right now we have been able to bridge and overtake I think it's a 
fantastic performance by Sapphire.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
No doubt about that Vijay, very good performance on the margins front. Just last two 
bookkeeping questions from my end. This depreciation expense has seen an increase in Q3. Is 
this expected to normalize or what is the reason for this?  
Vijay Jain:   
So, two parts to it. First of all, our capacity additions. If you see if our brand is not growing or 
overall revenue growth is not higher than the store additions, it will impact PBT. So, we have 
been adding stores in the range of 20%-25% in case of KFC and we are adding stores in the 
range of 15% in case of Pizza Hut. And the brand growth because of the negative SSSG is not 
gone beyond 20%. So, as a result there is a deleverage impact. So, depreciation as a percentage 
would increase as well. So, that's first part, capacity addition and revenue not increasing in line 
with the capacity addition and especially for new stores revenue comes at 70% to 80% of the 
brand average. So, that's one thing. But the SSSG actually helps us to set off some of those things 
in terms of percentage to sales or percentage to revenue for depreciation. Second part, we have 
also taken a conservative approach and we have accelerated depreciation for some of our Pizza 
Hut stores which we believe is under watch out list. We called out that there could be a 3% to 
5% portfolio correction. So, this is an accounting practice which is more conservative where 
even before closing the stores we felt that if that's on a watch out list and if they are going to 
close in the near future, let's take an accelerated depreciation. The impact of this could be 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
anywhere between 0.7% to 0.9% or 0.7% to 1% of our overall revenue. Whether this would 
come down I think for the next two quarters or so we believe, we would accelerate some of the 
stores which are not working out for Pizza Hut. So, you may not see this coming down for the 
next two quarters or so.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
And the tax rate for coming quarters as well if you could.  
Vijay Jain:   
So, right now, again to clarify on tax we don't have a tax payout. So, the tax expense which you 
see is deferred tax impact which you are taken in the P&L because if you remember last year 
Quarter 4, we created a deferred tax asset on all our past losses. We don't have any tax outflow. 
The rate is that same 25% what you see largely would remain in the P&L but without a 
corresponding cash outflow. This gets knocked off against the deferred tax assets which we carry 
in our books.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking.   
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I just have one fundamental question. Sanjay, in your experience, you have been a marketing 
guru and the reason why I'm asking this question is that candidly the pizza pie is getting shrunk. 
I have got three observations. One is that either the entire category is getting shrunk, and people 
are moving away from pizza consumption or it could be a situation that you have been saying 
that the competition has become aggressive and they are taking share from the organized top 2-
3 players or there could be a reason that the traffic is there but the platforms are taking away 
your traffic and giving it to somebody else. So, what is the realistic thing? Is it a structural decline 
story or do you think the consumption is still resilient? But I think this time will sell and then 
people will come back and start eating dine-in. 
Sanjay Purohit: 
Shirish, if it is a long-term structural issue on a country like India, I think it'll be very surprising. 
I have said this in the past also. Typically, you see sinusoidal growth curves on India. There are 
periods when growth is fantastic and then there are troughs also. But in general, those sinusoidal 
curves are pointing upwards. So, it is still growing over a medium to long term perspective. Now 
having said that on pizza if you speak to the platforms also, they say pizza is growing. When we 
look at, I can't see any reason why pizza is not growing other categories are growing. So, in 
many of the year end reports pizza continues to be the #1 and #2 category. I don't think there are 
any issues with the category itself. Clearly when coming out of COVID when you had a strong 
momentum on eating out, you will find many people coming in and then whether they are 
sustainable or not is a different question. Sustainability is really a factor of, can they deliver the 
required sales and profitability. So, that we will see occurring over the next 1 or 2 years. But 
everyone or anyone can set up a cloud kitchen today at a much lower level of investment than 
an omnichannel store of ours. It delivers also significantly lower sales. It is far more difficult to 
differentiate the brand on an aggregator platform. A pure cloud kitchen brand I would believe 
will struggle significantly to establish what the brand is about and what its promise is about. But 
in the short run, a consumer who is willing to experiment will look at the name, will look at what 
they have to offer and it's quite likely that people will buy once or twice and then go back to 

 
Sapphire Foods 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
brands that they trust. I think this is what we are seeing on pizza which really leads us to believe 
that surely our 310-315 stores that we have got and overall say 700-800 stores in the country 
that we have got on Pizza Hut actually is a big advantage, both from a physical presence, we can 
get consumers in to dine-in and plus deliver. And therefore, if we change the narrative on the 
brand build interest, I can't see any reason why we can't come back just as powerfully. There are 
many similar examples that you would have seen in other countries, for example in the US where 
there is enormous amount of competitive pressure on coffee how the leading brand came back. 
I think it's been done before. We are quite confident that through persistence and fundamentally 
perhaps change a couple of things that we have done in the past learn from what we have done 
in the past. I talked about what we have learned on innovation plus on marketing and continue 
the operational excellence. I think we should be able to bounce back.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments.  
Sanjay Purohit: 
Thank you very much everybody for joining this call. It's been a tough quarter but relatively 
when I look at the performance of other players in the industry, we have much to feel proud of. 
We continue to drive operational efficiencies and customer experience metrics at our end. We 
believe in the power of the Pizza Hut brand and while in the immediate term we will be a little 
more cautious from an expansion perspective, we are investing both innovation, in marketing 
and in customer experience improvement to really revive this brand. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sapphire Foods India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
