                                                               
 
Century Enka Ltd. 
Factory & Regd. Oﬀice: Plot No. 72 & 72-A, M.I.D.C., Bhosari, Pune - 411026. 
T: +91 20 66127 304 | F: +91 20 2712 0113 
E: cel.investor@adityabirla.com | W: www.centuryenka.com  
Corporate ID No. (CIN): L24304PN1965PLC139075 
 
                              27th January 2024 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051  
 
Symbol: CENTENKA 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai - 400001  
 
 
Scrip Code: 500280  
 
Sub: Transcript of Q3/9 Months-FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Century Enka Limited 
('the Company') 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations') 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find attached herewith transcript of 
Q3/9 Months-FY24 Earnings Conference Call conducted on Wednesday, 24th January 2024. The 
same is also available on the website of the Company i.e., www.centuryenka.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Century Enka Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Rahul Dubey) 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: FCS 8145                           
          
                                                                                     
RAHUL DUBEY
Digitally signed by RAHUL DUBEY 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=4615, 
pseudonym=60574dba52a621968736b2d27d4d4001, 
2.5.4.20=7C0543F7FFF0880CCEE3A4BDF3BA85EF22941
4C97A8FEC9D586C3E497ED79A17, postalCode=411026, 
st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=7b4c26ec6bf7ff9cda991e67a2224d28ef0
cf01acb2586c201784f515533cb80, cn=RAHUL DUBEY 
Date: 2024.01.27 12:13:00 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
Century Enka Limited 
Q3 & 9 Months FY24 Conference Call 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9 months FY24 conference call of 
Century Enka Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing "*" and 
then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Over to you, 
ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Century Enka Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's Q3 FY24 earnings 
conference call. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's con-call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating in today's earnings call and hand 
it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us, Mr. Suresh Sodani – Managing 
Director and Mr. Krishna Ladsaria – Chief Financial Officer. Without any delay, I request Mr. 
Sodani to start with his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome you all to our Q3 FY24 earnings conference 
call. Let me first brief you on the operational highlights for the third quarter of FY24, after which 
our CFO, Mr. Ladsaria, will brief you on the financials. We saw an improvement in the NTCF 
demand on a quarter-on-quarter basis. And although there is an improvement in two-wheeler 
sales which is encouraging, it still trails pre-COVID levels. The NTCF demand continues to be 
subdued in India due to lower export of tyres, especially to Europe; increasing trends of 

 
Page 2 of 15 
regionalization in commercial vehicles; and increase in cheap imports from China against 
advance licenses. This is also affecting our conversion margins. In the nylon filament segment, 
we saw recovery in demand post Diwali. While green shoots are visible, worries persist on 
account of overall lower demand for textiles, particularly in rural areas along with China, with 
the consequent dumping into India, which is impacting margins. Our focus continues to be on 
increasing the share of value-added products in our portfolio and cost optimization. On the raw 
material front, caprolactam prices hovered consistently between $1628 to $1663 per metric 
ton. Electricity rate remained at elevated levels, with some moderation in chemicals, packaging 
materials, and fuel costs. 
Now, to update you on our CAPEX project, on a year-to-date basis in the current financial year, 
there was a total cash outflow of Rs. 1,025 million towards the ongoing CAPEX programs. PTCF 
capacities are expected to be commissioned in Q4 FY24, while expansion in NFY capacity has 
been commissioned ahead of schedule in Q3 FY24. 
Now, I request Mr. Ladsaria to brief you on financial performance. 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
Good afternoon everyone. Let me start with the financial results for the third quarter of this 
financial year 2024. The operating revenue stood at Rs. 451 crores, representing a decrease of 
3.8% year-on-year basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 18 crores, which declined by 11% 
year on year. EBITDA margin was at 4.08%. Profit after tax was around Rs. 5 crores, 
representing a decline of 53% year on year. PAT margin stood at 1.04% for the quarter. It is 
important to note that net profit is reported after provision for our share in loss of associate, 
which was an SPV created for our Bharuch unit, which included an impairment provision made 
by associate amounting to Rs. 9.8 crores, with our share amounting to Rs. 2.5 crores for the 
relocation of the plant pursuant to a notice received from the Ministry of Defense. 
NTCF sales for Q3 FY24 decreased by around 11% year on year to Rs. 225 crores, while NFY 
sales for the same period declined by 10% year on year to Rs. 208 crores. 
Now, coming to year-to-date results for the financial year 2024, the operating revenue stood 
at Rs. 1,276 crores, which decreased by 20% year on year. EBITDA stood at Rs. 49 crores, which 
is a decline of 59% year on year. EBITDA margin for the same period was 3.85%. Profit after tax 
was around Rs. 23 crores, which declined by 70% year on year, and PAT margin stood at 1.76%. 
The NTCF sales for the period decreased by around 25% to Rs. 610 crores, while NFY sales 
decreased by 12% to Rs. 612 crores. 
With this, we can open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
The first question is from the line of Anik Mitra from Finnomics Solution Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, radialization of tyre has been impacting NTCF volume for a few quarters and my 
understanding is that radialization will even increase going forward. In this backdrop, what is 
the future of the NTCF industry and what is your strategy to compensate for decreasing 
volume? 
Suresh Sodani: 
The radialization impacts the medium and heavy vehicle segment only because NTCF is used 
also in the two-wheeler and three-wheeler segment, the farm segment, and the OTR segment. 
We have anticipated and we have prepared our action plan based on increased radialization in 
the MHCV segment, which is expected to mirror the world's or at least Chinese radialization 
percentage in the next few years when it is going towards that trend. We expect that there will 
be some loss which could be uneven over quarters, but on a long-term basis, the loss on 
radialization to a large extent or maybe equal extent be compensated by increase in demand 
from two- and three-wheeler segment tyres, the farm tyres, and the OTR segment. And the 
reason to have that viewpoint is that our penetration ratio with the size of population, with the 
growth of GDP as well as growth of middle class and improvement in farming techniques, is 
still very low compared to a developing or a slightly developed or comparable economies at 
the current stage at which India is. We expect that while there could be dips in a few quarters, 
it should either stabilize or maybe a very small growth in NTCF should sustain in the next few 
years. Our plan to counter that with our foray into PTCF. First, we have initiated with a small 
capacity. But going forward, as we had explained in some of the earlier calls that the 
downstream equipments are fungible between NTCF and PTCF. So, we can repurpose a lot of 
equipments which are currently used for NTCF for our PTCF expansion in future. That way, we 
need to spend our CAPEX only in the spinning capacity of PTCF. And we would be able to 
repurpose a lot of our current fixed assets for PTCF production, which is used in the passenger 
cars and which is expected to grow at a much healthier pace and faster pace, given the, again, 
same dynamics of Indian population. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, in your presentation, you have mentioned that your commissioning of PTCF capacity is 
going to be by Q4 FY24. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. 
Anik Mitra: 
What is the capacity you are commissioning for PTCF? You mentioned small capacity, if you can 
quantify that number. 
Suresh Sodani: 
It will be close to 10% of the current demand in India. And almost the current demand of India 
is met by 80% to 85% through imports. So, we will be catering to just about 10% at the current 
demand. And as I said, with the growth in passenger vehicles as well as more penetration and 
more usage of four-wheelers, we expect that there should be a good compounded growth for 

 
Page 4 of 15 
the passenger car tyres and even the tyre companies' investments are directed towards making 
more investment in passenger car tyres. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, as you mentioned, 10% of the current demand. With optimum capacity utilization, what 
kind of revenue addition can we anticipate? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
Revenue addition for PTCF initially will be somewhere around Rs. 100 crores. 
Anik Mitra: 
Is it possible in FY25 full year? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
FY25 we expect that we will be going through the process of approval by tyre companies. So, 
it is still uncertain how much revenue would be realized in FY25. 
Suresh Sodani: 
This is a new product for Century Enka. The tyre companies have a very rigorous approval 
process. And second, the reinforcement is going into passenger car tyres where it is more 
stringent compared to other tyre categories. As of now, while we are confident that our 
product will get approved, we are not able to give a timeline on when actually the commercial 
sales will start. But we are hopeful that in the second half we should be able to give more 
precise answer to this question. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, the government announced a policy on BIS certification for polyester yarns. Do you find 
any benefit in our NTCF industry due to this? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We are also initiating that process through the association that there should be a QCO for all 
our products. The purpose is that sometimes non-standard products can come in. As far as 
NTCF is concerned, since the tyre companies are importing, they anyway follow a very stringent 
process of approval. So, it may not have any impact in terms of imports or reduction in volumes. 
The main impact can come on the nylon filament side because the importers are less organized 
and have less quality driven approval process. And like it has happened in polyester yarn, we 
expect that there could be some impact for a few quarters or maybe 2 quarters depending on 
when we get this approval because that's also quite a long process and then to get it 
implemented is another process because of counter pressures from users as well on the various 
ministries. But we have initiated the process to get all the products that are manufactured to 
be having BIS certification. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, whatever the NTCF is dumped by China in India, does it maintain the BIS standard? 
Suresh Sodani: 
As I said, the tyre companies are themselves very stringent in buying NTCF because they have 
a very huge public liability in case any accident or any failure is attributed to their tyres. That is 
the reason that they follow a very stringent process of approval which will to a large extent be 
similar to BIS. Only difference is that in case of a BIS approval, the supplier in the foreign country 
has to get an approval of BIS through a process, which can sometimes take time. But in terms 

 
Page 5 of 15 
of quality, they are good quality material which is getting imported and used by the tyre 
companies. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, what is your growth outlook? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We are cautiously optimistic. The reason to say that is a lot of it depends on what happens in 
the Chinese domestic market. One of the reasons for squeeze in both volumes and margins is 
that the domestic demand in China for all our products are not at the optimum level or not 
robust enough, and a lot of material which is available in surplus in China and which is 
happening in a lot of textile and other commodities as well, is getting dumped to India. With 
the current levels of duty protection, they are able to sell a lot of volumes to India. Even if the 
volumes are not significant, they will impact the margins that the domestic producers can 
charge because of the low-priced products that come into India. That part is something which 
remains uncertain how the Chinese economy in terms of their own consumption will pan out, 
but we are hopeful on good GDP growth and good demand to sustain or to improve in both 
the segments, which is a positive to partly counter the higher volumes and low-priced material 
coming from China. That is why there is a balance. We are cautiously optimistic on the 
prospects, but there are a lot of geopolitical things which have an impact. One of the things 
which is mentioned also in the opening comment as well as in our presentation is the export 
of tyres. If Europe picks up again the way it had picked up in FY22 particularly, that could be 
another positive for the entire value chain linked with the tyres. 
Anik Mitra: 
Sir, finally, if you can give the breakup of NTCF and NFY volumes? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We have mentioned multiple times we report everything on a single segment basis. We give as 
an additional information only the turnover values; and for competitive reasons, we continue 
to hold the same view. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
When we expand the capacities of PTCF and NYF will be available, capacity will be expanded 
by how much tonnes? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Our NFY just commissioned in December, which adds about 3,000 tonnes on an annualized 
basis and the balance of about 4,000 to 5,000, between that range depending on the denier 
combination is what I would say. The right denier would be about 4,000, could be added 
through the balance expansions that will be commissioned by Q4. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
That will be NFY, right? Or both? 

 
Page 6 of 15 
Suresh Sodani: 
That will be both NFY and PTCF. All the expansions that we had announced will get completed 
in Q4. Everything will get completed in Q4 FY24. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Including the nylon tyre cord? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Nylon tyre cord we had already informed earlier that we have already completed and it is 
getting used as well because it is more efficient. It is only the balance of NFY and the PTCF. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
At the current prices, what type of revenue growth we can expect from additional capacities 
which will be commissioned by Q4? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
In NFY, we have already commissioned in December. The reinforcement capacity which is 
mainly in PTCF will be commissioned in Q4. But we expect that our revenues will start only after 
approval of these products which will be manufactured, which are subject to approval from 
tyre companies. Once those approvals are in place – it could take a few months for approval, 
maybe 6 to 9 months or even higher than that. Once those approvals are there, we expect 
around Rs. 100 crores of additional revenue from PTCF and NFY expansions. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
So, it's safe to say that in the next financial year, there will not be any substantial contribution 
from these expanded capacities. Right, sir? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
For NFY, yes. That has already been started and there is no approval process which is pending 
where we have got the approvals; but PTCF, yes, it will be towards the end of the next financial 
year. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
And lastly, sir, can you explain that exceptional item of Rs. 2.75 crores in the consolidated 
results? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
We had implemented a group captive power project for our Bharuch plant. The site which was 
there initially identified, there was some project from defense. An airstrip was brought in there, 
and because of that, they did not allow the use of that site for putting up wind turbines. And 
therefore, the SPV had to shift the site from that location to some other location. So, whatever 
expenditure was done on that particular site was impaired and moved to a different site. Our 
share, since we hold 26% in that SPV and we account that SPV as an associate, we have 
accounted for Rs. 2.5 crores towards this exceptional loss in our profit & loss account. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsheel Mehta from Mehta Vakil & Company. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsheel Mehta: 
My first question is regarding the EBITDA margin. Sir, in the previous calls, you had highlighted 
that for this financial year, we will be in the range of 6% to 8%. Given the results this quarter 
and looking at the dumping going on in India by the Chinese, is this still an aspirational level, 
the 6% to 8% that we are targeting or do you think that will also be difficult to achieve? 

 
Page 7 of 15 
Suresh Sodani: 
In the short term, there will be challenges, both due to the dumping as we mentioned and the 
pricing pressure that is coming from the Chinese imports, as also there have been power rate 
hikes by the Electricity Board, which has also impacted the margins. But in the medium term, 
possibly from maybe the second half of next financial year or FY26, we do expect to reach back 
to these operating EBITDA margins. The reason, as I mentioned earlier, is that we expect that 
the world order should improve. These are obviously a few things which have to get corrected. 
If the geopolitical situation improves, there is a good chance of the EBITDA margins and world 
becoming more stable in a lot of things. Unfortunately, if it were to remain similar or get worse, 
then it is possible that the margins may come under further pressure. But as I said, we still 
remain cautiously optimistic because in a growing economy like India, the demand side pull 
can be significant and the middle class growing. So, there could be upsides, and post-election, 
a lot of things could happen which have a long-term impact on the Indian economy as a whole. 
And, this being a sector which has a very high linkage with GDP growth, these are a few reasons 
that we expect that in the second half of FY25 or FY26, the margins should again come back to 
these levels and the projected levels. 
Harsheel Mehta: 
My second question is regarding the promoter holding. The promoter holding in Century Enka 
is about 25%. If I compare that to other group companies as well, it is the lowest in Century 
Enka. Are there any conversations going on about increasing the promoter’s stake in the 
company, given that by all the more conventional metrics, the stock seems to be quite 
undervalued. Is there any thought process wherein the promoters are looking to increase their 
stake? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Actually, we can't comment on that. But I can only say that since this point has come up in the 
past calls as well, we have raised and apprised of the concerns and the suggestions of various 
members to the board which has promoter representation as well. But there is nothing 
concrete to say anything about it in this call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garge from Counter Filter. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garge: 
Sir, I'm trying to understand what is the net cash that we have as of date post all the CAPEX. 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
it is around Rs. 290 crores which is there presently. 
Keshav Garge: 
And sir, going forward, we don't have any CAPEX? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
There are no significant CAPEX. As we said, we have completed all our expansion which was 
there, approved by the board. Going forward, there could be small CAPEX which Sodaniji has 
talked about on PTCF but nothing firmed up at this point in time. 
Suresh Sodani: 
But I may also add, the reason for not being able to talk about larger CAPEX now is first to look 
at the markets for the next few quarters. But the company management as well as the board 

 
Page 8 of 15 
is looking at opportunities to productively utilize the balance sheet strength for opportunities 
for growth. As and when there is a concrete proposal and approval of the board, it will be 
announced through appropriate medium. 
Keshav Garge: 
Also, sir, approximately what percentage of the total NTCF demand comes from MHCVs? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Approximately 55% to 60%. MHCV includes the truck, bus, and the LCVs. 
Keshav Garge: 
So, apart from this 55%, what is the contribution of two-wheelers and what is the contribution 
of tractor tyres and OTR? 
Suresh Sodani: 
You can take it from the ACMA report. That's our own source. But approximately I think 20% 
to 25% is two- and three-wheelers and balance would be the farm and OTR. 
Keshav Garge: 
What is the international experience in Western markets where radialization has already 
happened? In those countries, what is the breakup of NTCF demand? 
Suresh Sodani: 
There is a difference in the advanced countries and say, China, because what has happened in 
advanced countries is they have actually stopped most of the tyre manufacturing which uses 
NTCF as reinforcement. But there is a very large capacity of NTCF in China, which continues to 
operate and that is one of the reasons that if their domestic demand or if the world demand 
falters anywhere in the region, that material flows to India because NTCF still has a fairly good 
demand in India. So, in China, the breakup would be similar, but as I said, it is to a large extent 
dependent on the various segments – how are the two-wheelers doing there, how are the 
tractors doing there. So, it cannot be an apple-to-apple comparison because the population 
mix is very different in many countries and the priorities are different in the countries. But 
China is a much better mirror or a comparison to India than any developed country. 
Keshav Garge: 
Sir, lastly, like the previous participant mentioned, our net cash is already one-third of our 
market cap and the stock is trading far below book value. I am sure you must be proposing to 
the board, but if you could just enlighten your shareholders also that what is the thinking of 
the board that despite these facts being there, why is there reluctance to proceed ahead for 
the share buyback? So the understanding of shareholders will also increase. 
Suresh Sodani: 
We have already informed the board and these are the decisions which have to be taken 
through the promoter as well as the board as a whole. So, as and when anything is done…. It 
can't be made public in terms of what is the thinking and it's not also shared with the 
management. The management's role is to act as a bridge between the investor and the board 
and which we are doing. We will come back in case there is anything and it will definitely be 
announced in the right forums if there is any decision taken by the board on that account. 

 
Page 9 of 15 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman Madrecha from Augmenta Asset Manager LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Madrecha: 
During one of the previous con-calls, you mentioned that the profitability of NTCF is much 
better than the profitability of PTCF. Can you throw some more light on this like what are the 
dynamics that run behind it and how we are looking at the NTCF going forward? 
Suresh Sodani: 
The response was more in terms of the current market scenario. But as I said, we are seeing 
that changing even in quarter. So, it can be similar or it can be different from what we had 
given in the past. And since we are now connected with the world in every way, a lot of 
interplays happen between the capacities and demand, not only in India but also in the region, 
and more importantly, as I said in China as well. These are interplays which can happen, but 
this was more a trend that we saw in the past, at least a few quarters and last few years. But 
with a more robust growth in PTCF, it is possible, and we are very hopeful that the similar 
profitabilities or better margins would also come in this segment because normally that gets 
associated with higher capacity utilizations and what kind of expansion demands are coming 
in. So, it's an interplay of multiple things. And the response earlier was more in terms of the 
pricing that is prevailing in the international markets. 
Aman Madrecha: 
And also, sir, I am a bit new to this industry. So, I just wanted to understand what are the 1 or 
2 triggers which you are looking at so that the NTCF profitability could come back to the 
normalized number of maybe 7% to 8% operating margin? We know that China is dumping and 
NTCF big time. Last quarter also, the caprolactam prices were around $1600 to $1650. So, what 
are the key 1 to 2 triggers that could lead to a jump in the profitability of this NTCF as a whole? 
Suresh Sodani: 
One key trigger is pickup in exports of tyres to Europe. After a very robust growth in FY22, there 
was almost a 15% volume drop in tyre exports and the Ukraine war was completely unexpected 
and then the energy crisis and a lot of industries had to relocate or rethink on their utilizations 
and other things. We see that now Europe is more stabilizing, the energy prices are more 
stabilized; they have found out alternate ways of replacing Russian gas. That is one important 
trigger. Last year and in fact even previous quarters if we look at, the inflation was decadal high 
in almost all European Union and US. And since that is coming down, that is one positive trigger 
that once the inflation comes down, once the energy prices are more stabilized, the normal 
consumption patterns and the consumption that was there before the Ukraine war should 
revert. That is one important trigger. Second trigger could be the Chinese economy as such, 
which is less opaque compared to…. at least from an external world, we don't get the same 
kind of confidence in that versus what happens in Europe and US because of the way various 
indices or issues are reported. But that could be another big trigger if the Chinese economy 
were to stabilize and some of their stressed sectors like the real estate or other things get more 
normalized; these are one. The third is obviously our own GDP. If post election the push on 
infrastructure and farm sector continues, which is linked with more demand for tractors and 
OTR vehicles and if rural income were to improve consequent to that, also the two- and three-

 
Page 10 of 15 
wheelers. These are the triggers which will have a definite impact on the total domestic 
demand for NTCF. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Sir, last question. Can you just tell me today what is the total capacity across NFY, NTCF, and 
PTCF? For example, in FY24, what will be the total capacity as a whole for NFY, NTCF, and PTCF 
on a combined basis? 
Suresh Sodani: 
There are some changes which happen because of the denier mix in terms of the tonnage. So, 
we had given on a normalized denier mix. It should be close to 94,000 once all projects are 
completed by Q4 FY24. And we are in that range, and except for now PTCF which should be 
commissioned in this quarter, we will be there in that range. It could be (+/-1,000) tonnes 
depending on the denier mix which is again based on the demand for various segments because 
it can change in the denier mix of the sectors that buy, but that is the range that we expect that 
the total capacity would be. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Sir, if someone is supposed to come and set up 50,000 tonnes of NTCF plant today, what would 
be the cost because, we are getting hold in this thing as a whole. So, what could be the cost as 
of today as we can see the replacement cost of the total plant or total infrastructure we have? 
Suresh Sodani: 
A very difficult answer to give, because a plant is not shut up only by the equipments which are 
used for manufacture of NTCF. There are a lot of utilities and other infrastructure that has to 
be made. So, we don't have an offhand answer to give what is the total CAPEX requirement for 
500 tonnes per day because it is not easy to give the current cost of all the utilities that we 
have at both the sites. And that is also quite a significant CAPEX amount. 
Aman Madrecha: 
Sir, lastly, what about the CAPEX you spent on this PTCF expansion? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Close to Rs. 100 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, my first question is on the write-off that we have taken, the impairment of our investment 
in one of the associates. Sir, will this affect the savings that we were incurring in the power 
cost? Will there be any adverse effect there? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
Power cost goes as an operating cost for us. We purchase power from this SPV and the rates 
there are fixed for the period of this agreement. Those savings are separate, and this is a one-
off item impacting their capital cost. In any case, capital is mostly funded on a very low equity 
base, so will not have an impact on the savings which is there. 
Anant Mundra: 
What exactly has this affected, sir? I wasn't able to follow the answer that you had given to the 
earlier participant. 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
Basically, if their project cost was Rs. 200 crores, it would have gone up by Rs. 10 crores and 
the project cost would have been Rs. 210 crores. And the extra Rs. 10 crores which they had to 
make available for alternate site, those have been impaired. The site which became not usable 
because of approval not received from defense, they have impaired that site and incurred 
those expenditure on alternate site. This is in the SPV. 
Anant Mundra: 
The project is fully commissioned, right? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
The project is fully commissioned and it's operational; it's supplying. The land value which 
would have been there in their books and now it is not usable. So, they have impaired it. 
Anant Mundra: 
What is the annual PTCF demand in India currently? 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
Annual PTCF demand is somewhere between 28,000 to 30,000 tonnes per annum. 
Anant Mundra: 
What is the growth rate expected? Will this track the growth rate of passenger vehicles or 
should it be higher or lower? If you can give some color on this. 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
It will be somewhere higher than the passenger vehicle growth because there is replacement 
which also happens. Broadly, you can say that it will mirror the passenger vehicle growth. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Also, as I said and maybe you are already tracking, there is a very large portion of tyre exports 
which happen from India, and even passenger car tyres are now approved from Indian 
manufacturers in multiple countries. That itself is also a trigger. And a lot of investments that 
tyre companies have made is all in the passenger car tyres plant. So, one is obviously the growth 
in the domestic consumption in the new cars as well as the replacement market but also the 
export of passenger car tyres. 
Anant Mundra: 
But sir, the annual demand figure is 28,000 to 30,000. Our installed capacity currently is about 
89,000 to 90,000, and the total demand from PTCF is only 30,000. Is it that NTCF is consumed 
more in tyres and the PTCF quantum is lower? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. NTCF is consumed more in the truck and bus segment and where the truck tyre weight is 
almost – as a very rough thumb rule – about 10x the weight of a car tyre. That obviously means 
that the reinforcement is 8x to 10x more per tyre consumed in a truck tyre versus a car tyre. 
That changes the dynamics of the tonnage significantly. Secondly, again, the two- and three-
wheeler numbers are significantly higher on the road and new which are sold compared to the 
cars. That's the logic. Either the tonnage of the weight of the tyre is significantly high or the 
numbers as in two-wheelers is significantly high. That, on a combination basis, makes the NTCF 
market significantly larger than PTCF. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul Parikh who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
Mehul Parikh: 
One of my first questions is that since we are saying that we have an impact from Chinese 
dumping, which part of that value chain got maximum impact? From caprolactam to nylon 
chips or from nylon chips to yarn or directly the yarn in all the three. So, which portion of it is 
impacted the maximum? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Maximum impact is on both our finished goods categories. When we are buying raw materials, 
we are not impacted because the raw materials' domestic sourced pricing is always matching 
with the Chinese import pricing or the international pricing for that matter. 
Mehul Parikh: 
No sir. What I mean is that we import caprolactam also and we import nylon chips also, right? 
So, we have a conversion from caprolactam to nylon chips. That portion is relatively less 
impacted or that is more impacted than nylon to yarn or finished product? 
Suresh Sodani: 
The impact is mainly on the finished products because in that part, we are almost in line with 
what the Chinese are offering. And they are such significant capacities that that pricing is more 
on an index basis, on a more listed basis, whereas these products are not listed products. These 
are more contracts done directly by companies to the manufacturer. That is where the hit 
comes more in terms of the finished products. So, both our finished product segments are more 
hit. There is no significant impact on the purchases that we do, either from China or from India. 
Mehul Parikh: 
So, the conversion cost that you mentioned in the presentation is the conversion towards the 
finished product side? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes. 
Mehul Parikh: 
The advance license imports which are happening vis-a-vis without an advance license, how 
much is the impact on that in terms of price percentage? 
Suresh Sodani: 
What happens is that a product once is imported against an advance license, that much volume 
is reduced from the total demand available for the domestic market capacity. 
Mehul Parikh: 
Right, but a trye manufacturer would be importing against an advance license because they 
are getting some cross-sell, right? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Because they have advance licenses from exports made in the past and which were unused, 
and at that point of time, the Chinese prices were pricier compared to current pricing. So, they 
were not utilizing the full advance licenses at that point of time. Now, since the pricing is also 
low and they are able to get material easily from alternate sources, they are importing more 
against whatever is available with them. But since the pricing has also fallen even on full duty 
benefits also, they are able to compete with the Indian prices. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
Mehul Parikh: 
Sir, for example, XYZ tyre company is importing on advance license vis-a-vis buying from 
Century Enka, they would be having some percentage advantage to do that, right? That is what 
I am just trying to estimate. 
Suresh Sodani: 
They would have to pay the custom duty. There is a basic custom duty of 20% on NTCF. 
Mehul Parikh: 
So, that is what they save on that. 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes, they save on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Khurana who a retail investor is. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Khurana: 
I have two questions, sir. One is the value addition that we are going to do for the NFY segment. 
I just want to understand when we can start seeing the impact of that value addition and when 
it will be coming on stream for us. And my second question is regarding there was some 
mention about the export market that we are looking at for the nylon filament yarn made from 
green polymer. If you could talk about these two things please. 
Suresh Sodani: 
We have not invested anything further other than what we have done in our value-added 
hardware, but there is value addition also in terms of the different products that we can make 
from our current machinery, which are specific and unique for the particular customer. And 
that is where we do not face more price competition because they are very unique and the 
buyer or the customer has more confidence in sourcing it from us rather than importing from 
China or sourcing from any other domestic supplier. That category is what we call value 
addition in addition to where we do a secondary processing. Instead of selling base yarns, if we 
can give them a yarn with specific or different characteristics or parameters, which is helping 
them to get a typical or desired fabric, that becomes value added because we are able to realize 
a higher value through some small changes that we do in our processing which benefits the 
final customer and he is able to realize a better value for his finished product. And we continue 
to do that. We are already utilizing most of our normal value-added capacity where we add a 
process and we change the basic characteristics of the yarn and sell it directly to the final 
weaver. That portion is already continued. We continue to look at opportunities to grow into 
various segments instead of remaining in the base products where the competition intensity is 
high and that is the intention of mentioning that our whole strategy in the NFY segment is to 
look for more niche segments, more differentiating segments, and more value-added segments 
which are not easily importable or there is very specific requirement for a particular customer. 
We continue to export though the quantity is very low, and we realize better value compared 
to virgin chips on those products. But there is a lot of seeding that is required and most of these 
yarns actually go to the western world – Europe particularly – which, as I mentioned, is still 
going through some geopolitical challenges. What we are doing more is getting approval and 

 
Page 14 of 15 
seeding of our products so that as and when the economy bounces back in the importing 
countries, we can scale up the volumes very fast. 
Tushar Khurana: 
Are we also adding more applications for NFY to go deeper into this value addition? 
Suresh Sodani: 
Yes, we engage with not only the weavers but also the final garmenters or final retailers to 
understand and also the trends of what is imported as fabric because we have to work with the 
value chain to see that we can give a product which the garmenters are satisfied with compared 
to the imported fabric, for example. So, we continue to work with them; and that is another 
way in which we try to add value to our NFY portfolio. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from Mytemple Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand what is the per tonne realization on PTCF versus NTCF? How 
does it compare? 
Suresh Sodani: 
I mentioned earlier we do not give specific product-wise details for competitive reasons. All 
numbers are reported as synthetic yarn on an average basis. 
Anant Mundra: 
Not for the company, sir, but in general, is PTCF more expensive than NTCF or is NTCF more 
expensive than PTCF? 
Suresh Sodani: 
As I mentioned earlier, in the current scenario, NTCF is more priced than the PTCF imports. 
Anant Mundra: 
And sir, coming to the textile side or the NFY side of business, are we doing anything in technical 
textiles wherein there are some niche categories, something specific for brands, which is 
approval based? Is there anything that we are doing there where there is approval required for 
the brands? 
Suresh Sodani: 
We supply some technical yarns to the fishnet segment, but we have not forayed into technical 
textiles used by brands or specific segments that way because that is still a development area. 
But we look at all the opportunities in case they come out because it requires a complete 
ecosystem and maybe a different set of hardware and competencies to cater to that segment. 
But that is something which we will explore in terms of opportunities that may open up for our 
segments in nylon. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, there was a PLI that was announced for technical textiles. Have we participated in that, sir? 
Suresh Sodani: 
No. In fact, we have not participated in any PLI because one is that the PLI doesn't look like a 
workable PLI in terms of the terms that they have put in and the second is we don't have any 
significant outlook on that segment in terms of growth. So, we have not either applied or 
participated in PLI. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
Anant Mundra: 
But sir, is there anything tangible that you can share or anything that we are working on in 
technical textiles which could be probably for defense or maybe the badminton strings? 
Because, all of that is majorly imported. Is there anything that we are doing on that end? 
Suresh Sodani: 
No. As I said, there is no specific initiative to currently report on, but these are always items 
which we are exploring. It is only at an exploration stage because there are a lot of 
competencies and hardwares which are specific to deliver requirements of technical textiles. 
And it's not easy to switch from making normal filament yarn versus a technical textile yarn in 
terms of meeting that requirement. We can do something similar. As I said, we do supply to 
the fishnet segment because it is very similar to the yarn we are currently making, but other 
yarns and other finished products require a different ecosystem to make that. And these are 
only at the exploratory stage; we have nothing concrete to report as of now. 
Anant Mundra: 
Even for the fishnets that we make, that is going mainly to the unorganized sector or that is 
going to brands to the organized sector? 
Suresh Sodani: 
I am not aware that there are fishnet brands, but there are large producers of fishnets to whom 
we sell. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to the management from Century Enka Limited for closing 
comments. 
Krishna Ladsaria: 
We thank everyone who has joined the earnings call. Hope we were able to answer all the 
questions. If there are any further questions or you would like to get more information, you 
can reach out to our investor relations manager at Valorem Advisors. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Century Enka Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
