             
  
 
 
Ref. No. CS/S/L-736/2023-24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        13th February, 2024 
 
To:  
The Listing Department 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E ), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: VMART 
Fax: 022-26598120 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in  
To: 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
THE BSE LTD 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 534976 
Fax: 022-22723121 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 7th February, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
and amendment thereof. In reference to our letter dated 31st January, 2024 (Ref. No. CS/S/L-730/2023-24) 
regarding the intimation of the conference call with Analysts and Investors held on 7th February, 2024, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the aforementioned conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the Company's website: www.vmart.co.in.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Truly 
For V-Mart Retail Limited 
 
 
 
Megha Tandon 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
 
Encl: As above 
MEGHA 
TANDON
Digitally signed by 
MEGHA TANDON 
Date: 2024.02.13 
21:05:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“V-Mart Retail Limited 
Q3 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. LALIT AGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – V-MART 
RETAIL LIMITED 
MR. ANAND AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – V-
MART RETAIL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RANGANATHAN -- SPARK INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to V-Mart Retail Q3 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call Hosted by Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranganathan from Spark Institutional 
Equities Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ranganathan: 
Good evening, all. On behalf of Spark Institutional Equities, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of V-Mart Retail 
Limited. From the management, we have today, Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Managing 
Director; and Mr. Anand Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I will now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, post 
which we will have the floor open for Q&A session. Over to you, Lalitji. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Good evening, and thank you, Mr. Ranganathan. Good evening, everyone. 
Welcome to the call. We're seeing really a good season winter season, here in the 
North India, which is suggesting that the season itself is shifting, so the market is 
also right now very confused and then the people especially towards the Central 
and Northern India, don't know what customers what they want to buy. So during 
these times of the year, the wedding season is there, but people are in a confused 
territory as of now. But still, we are seeing good attraction coming in from winter 
in this particular quarter. 
But yes, overall, the market or the consumer sentiment, which I speak about looks 
a little better than the earlier quarters. And we are seeing certain improvement. 
Definitely, all these tactical moves by the government also are bringing in a lot of 
confidence in the consumer in terms of their earning potentiality and their 
capability in future. And it is definitely bringing in some additional employment, 
which is not very effectively visible. But yes, there is definitely a confidence in the 
consumer or confidence in the citizens that there is going to be enough 
employment, which is going to get generated. 
 
And we are seeing some PLI schemes getting rolled out, and we are seeing some 
a lot of those infrastructure activity, some of them getting completed, giving 
certain connectivity betterment in the connectivity, betterment in the overall 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
business doing-business scenarios, which is also bringing a lot of new business 
and new industries and new factories coming up even in smaller areas even in 
these states. 
 
So, some of those good news are there. And then I think even then the government 
is trying all the governments are trying their best to bring in industries in their 
particular states. So, I think all of that is ultimately giving a very confident 
scenario, which is making the feel-good factor better. So, what I understand is the 
feel-good factor is the effective outcome that is what is required for an outcome 
of good sales and good consumption also. So, we are seeing those betterment. 
 
And still there is pain. It doesn't say that the pain has gone away because inflation 
rates continue to be high, continues to be there, especially in food products and 
staple products. So that is something which is already was there, has not gone, 
has gone a little down, but still has not muted because ultimately, we are sitting 
at a very high base of inflation. And on that base of inflation, we are seeing further 
inflation, which is which are actually hurting the pocket of a common man and 
hurting them. So, which is there. 
 
As I say about weather, weather is definitely playing its role. But yes, winter has 
been very good this year, which is good news. It is we definitely have shifted 
almost 20 days from December to January now. So, in December, we didn't see 
any winter. A very, very mild winter was there. So that shift in the weather is 
definitely something, which is affecting the probability or the understanding of 
the forecasting on how people forecast on how the consumption is going to 
happen for what kind of products is so that's where the entire business people 
are confused. 
 
Otherwise, I think agriculturally, the farmers have been doing good. The produce 
has been better. MSP increments have also been there. And then we are seeing 
that definitely, the government has not done too many things for the farmers but 
still, there are a lot of activities, a lot of smaller initiatives which have been 
initiated by the government. A lot of free rationing as well has been provided and 
a lot of people are getting those benefits. 
 
So, some of those are definitely giving a better impact, but yes, also making people 
lazy so there is always a counter effect that which is there. But yes, I think farmers 
on the rural side, especially the farming class, I see them also in a better state. So, 
I don't see that the complaining too much right now. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
Overall, I think the industry has seen both sides as I mentioned in the last quarter 
as well, the upper segment of the industry, which is the premium segment or the 
upper-middle segment of the industry, is getting business stressed. There is 
definitely a pain that we are visualizing and then we are noticing, and we are 
hearing from our peer friends that there is a little lesser growth and or a negative 
growth from a like-to-like perspective on those particular brands and those 
particular retail chains. 
 
But yes, in the value segment, we still see a lot of traction. We have seen some 
traction coming back. Some of the retailers have really done well. Still, some of 
the retailers who were earlier doing well are struggling from in certain lines. So, 
there is always a newness drive, which the customer wants and any new brand 
which is coming into the market is getting some traction for the first 6 months or 
first 3 months or first 9 months. 
So that is what we are visualizing both in the market with the new brand, which 
is coming in and even from us even from our own stores that we are launching 
because whenever we launch a store, we see a very good footfall coming in the 
first 2, 3, 4 months. And then suddenly slowly, we see them normalizing and 
getting back to normalcy. 
 
But yes, largely, we are seeing larger mobility of the customer. We are seeing 
larger footfalls coming in because people are experimenting, people want to try 
and come out come into the multiple stores because they have got multiple 
options in the on the same street. So, there is definitely competition, there is 
definitely a higher number of stores which were operating. And most of the 
retailers have also expanded and then everyone is open, but yes. 
 
So, the large retailers who used to expand very aggressively in the last year, we 
are seeing some muted expansion there, especially from the Reliance and stuff. 
But on the other side, we are seeing very high expansion coming from Zudio and 
other people. 
 
So that's where it is. But we don't see a very, very categorical, clear, clear 
competitive churn-wise impact. But there is definitely a very, very mixed 
response. There are certain competitors in certain markets, which have created a 
certain impact. But otherwise, there are a lot of those markets where we have 
seen that even after those competition who are supposed to be doing good. We 
have not had any impact on those, but we have been also growing from these 
growth areas. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
So, there is definitely a mixed response. It is all about how a retailer is able to 
operate at that given point of time, present a range at that given point of time, 
propose or give a price proposition at that given point of time is what the 
customer is looking at because customer definitely is checking on to most of these 
stores and then taking their decision. 
 
So whatever product is doing good, if it’s performing, whatever stores are doing 
good or whatever particular season is doing good, that is how the impact is getting 
featured out. So that is where I think the consumer has become very much aware. 
The consumer is taking a very aware and informed decision. So, consumer taste 
has shifted, we were able to see that. 
 
We are able to see a little higher GDP in fashion, which is coming in, customers 
are adopting a little higher fashion, very fast and that is there. But once again, 
there is two India, the Bharat still operates a little slow, but the India part of India 
does operate a little faster and then the Gen Z customer and the young customer 
definitely is healthy has crossed all the boundaries and they are adopting 
everything coming internationally. And then international fashion is being seen 
here in the market now.  
 
So, but yes, within that also, within those Gen Z segment, the urban Gen Z, which 
is the core urban Gen Z, we are seeing a little differentiated philosophy in terms 
of what they put there, but is in terms of still the semi-urban or the tier 2, tier 3, 
we are not seeing that kind of exposure coming in. So, there are still people are 
opting for safer options and safer designs, but definitely, they want newer colors 
and newer fashion and newer silhouettes. So those are some things that we are 
seeing. 
 
On the V-Mart side, I think we have been focusing very, very heavily on improving 
our product lines, working on our team, working on our all those strategies that 
we have taken on designing, sourcing and fabric development, even the supply 
chain management, the whole warehouse management, which we started 9 
months back, which had some teething problems.  
Now we are able to see a lot of those things coming back to normalcy now in the 
month of January. But still, we had some impact till the last quarter. And then the 
warehouse was not able to give or become productive to even 50% or 55% of 
what it could have been. 
 
So that affected certain parts of our fill rates and certain parts of supply chain 
management as well and then which has had some effect. But overall, we have 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
taken some conscious calls. We have definitely become very, very clear that we 
want to operate at profitability. Anything and everything which is bleeding for us 
or anything and everything that we experimented, we thought will work or was 
working and not working now, we are going to take a little more stern and brutal 
reaction on those particular areas and those particular stores also. 
 
So, some of those areas or some of those stores, we have decided to even shift or 
move or close. So, some of those actions have been taken. So, we are -- we have 
flagged up almost more than around 50 stores, which are not doing according to 
our standards and where we are trying to work, out of which almost 23 stores, 
we have taken a call to shut down and then search for a new property to ship 
those property and assets to a newer location. So, we have already taken a call for 
23 stores out of which 20 units we will close in this particular quarter. 
 
And some of the calls we may take out of our remaining 30. We may take some 
calls in the next quarter. We may we are working on them to either revive those 
stores and then renegotiate those stores. Maybe some of those stores could also 
close in the coming quarters. 
 
So that's how we are managing because ultimately, we want to work on those 
particular stores where we feel very confident and where we feel the customer is 
accepting us. So, we are definitely there are certain areas, it has been done in the 
past. There are certain times where we opened those stores, those stores are not 
doing good or there were certain acquisitions that we did of certain stores, which 
we felt we could try and experiment with, but we are not able to succeed in those. 
 
So, all of those, I think, are resulting in betterment in terms of our bottom line, our 
inventory management, our inventory productivity. Everything, we'll be able to 
improve on those. Most of our business, we are focusing on providing value. Very, 
very clearly, we are once again, very clear on our ability to provide value. 
Therefore, there is definitely higher competition. There is definitely a higher fight 
for that particular value. And then people are or our competitor is also trying to 
there are a lot of formats that have begun there are certain formats who have also 
gone down on their pricing policies. 
 
So, we are also trying to match them up. In a lot of areas, we are trying to 
reengineer the way the product has to be made, reengineering the way the 
sourcing has to be done. So, some of those things we are doing. Some of the margin 
cuts also have to be done or have been done or could be done in future as well. So, 
but our primary objective and our primary goal is to provide real value to the 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
customer so that we can have higher volume metric growth and higher volume 
and feed in more customers and convert more customers in our stores. 
 
So that's how we are looking at it. Definitely, there can be a slight dip in the 
EBITDA or the EBITDA may be a little flat as a percentage but we will definitely 
improve on all those lines. First of all, we want to reinstate and reconfirm our 
trust with our customers so that our customers have larger trust with us and then 
we are able to perform better than what we have been doing. 
 
So that's how we are going ahead both in Unlimited and V-Mart because even in 
Unlimited, our strategy has been similar to V-Mart. Expansion plan has been 
similar to V-Mart. We would definitely want to expand, but not very aggressively 
as we are also recalibrating or re-innovating certain stores, and we are also 
closing down certain stores. So, our expansion plans will be limited to maybe 
around 50 stores per year. So that's how we will do it. And some part of that, 
almost 15% or 20% or some part of that will go to Unlimited also. But there are 
also some closures, which are coming up there. 
 
So, most of them are good. LimeRoad, we continue to secure our policy. We are 
not looking at too much of top line growth. We are definitely looking at reducing 
the expenses, reducing the losses and bringing that business towards the 
trajectory of profitability. And that is what we are trying to do. So, we are 
definitely reducing the expenses. We'll try to maintain the pace of reduction of 
expenses in the similar level. That's how we will do it. 
 
There are definitely a lot of initiatives, which are going on in the omni situation. 
There's a very good product which has been developed, which we'll convey in the 
next quarter once we are able to successfully implement that in the stores, and 
there's something that we are trying to do. Wherein the customer at the store can 
really integrate well with the LimeRoad platform and get some real value and the 
benefit can really go both to the platform as well as to the offline stores. 
 
So that's how we are looking at those because that's how the breakeven at this 
marketplace can be achieved. When we are able to convert those offline 
customers into an online and then not pay the acquisition cost of those customers, 
that's how the strategy is what we are working on. We will talk later in the 
question-and-answer session, I'll ask Anand to give you a brief and an expanded 
view of all the details. Thank you so much. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Anand Agarwal: 
Thank you, Lalit, and good evening, everybody. Let me take you through some of 
the key highlights from the quarter and then we can open the session for 
questions. 
 
It's been a reasonably good quarter, although a little less than what we had 
originally planned or expected. But for the quarter sales grew 14% year-on-year 
with L2L growing by 5% for V-Mart and Unlimited like-to-like growing by 1%. 
Unlimited growth had been struggling for the last 5, 6 months as we had cut down 
the pricing and average selling prices were almost 20%, which could not get fully 
compensated by volume growth. But we have started to see green shoots in the 
South as we introduce even better merchandise for the fresh season. 
 
At an overall level, sales per square feet increased by 3% and like-to-like grew by 
4% for the quarter. For the full year, both SSG and sales per square feet increased 
by 1% each YTD. 
 
Coming back to the quarter, the average selling price reduced by 6%, which was 
partially part of our strategic drive towards making the product pricing more 
value-driven for mass consumers and also partially because of the slow start to 
winter, where the heavy winter and higher-priced product sales shifted to 
January. 
 
Tier 1 markets continued their growth journey and outperformed Tier 2, 3 and 4, 
reaffirming the K-graph growth that we have been seeing for the last many 
quarters. Tier 4, in fact, outperformed on growth versus the other cities because 
of a much lower base. But at an overall sales per square on an overall sales per 
square feet basis, Tier 4 still remains 10% lower than the other tier of stores 
having a bigger opportunity or headroom. 
 
While the YTD numbers show Tier 3 sales per square feet degrowth by 5% but 
for the quarter, Tier 3 sales per square feet was a positive 2%, which is a good 
sign because that is where the bulk of our stores are situated. 
 
The festive period went off well, but winters were significantly delayed and the 
sales contribution was impacted due to the shift. Normally, when winter sales 
shift to January, the margin realizations are also partially impacted as end-of-sale 
season period kicks in, in mid-January, impacting profitability. 
 
We opened 20 new stores in the quarter with 16 in V-Mart and 4 under Unlimited 
and also closed 3 non performing stores, 2 in V-Mart and one in Unlimited, taking 
the tally to 454 stores pan-India, out of which 87 are in South. All the new stores 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
opened this year, including in the South have been performing well and in line 
with the established V-Mart business model. 
 
There was a strong push on increasing the online sales contribution with the 
acquisition of LimeRoad. There have been a lot of activities going on around 
consolidating and integrating the operations for the eventual omni-fication of V-
Mart. Focus at LimeRoad is to clearly build an omni offering, which supplements 
the online LimeRoad target customer and also the V-Mart offline customer 
requirements through a multichannel ease of access. 
 
Strategically, we have curtailed the marketing expenditure to focus on capacity 
building around the initiatives and drive efficiency with lower burn. And as a 
result, the losses have been coming down. 
 
The EBITDA loss at LimeRoad came down by 23% in quarter 2 and then again by 
29% in this quarter. And as we move forward, I think that's the trajectory that we 
will definitely want to follow that quarter-on-quarter, we should look at around 
25% to 30% reduction in losses so that we are able to eventually breakeven by 
the end of next year. We remain optimistic on getting to breakeven as we limit 
our losses in the current year to a predefined limit. 
 
Coming over to gross product margins. The gross margin at 35.5% was 10 bps 
higher than last year due to a higher contribution of revenue and margins from 
LimeRoad segment versus last year. The V-Mart gross margins were stable, while 
the Unlimited gross margins went down by 5% due to a higher provision on old 
inventory. 
 
On a go-forward basis, we shall be prepared to compromise on product margins 
in favor of making the value proposition sharper for consumers as we understand 
that the lower-strata customer is still battling the inflationary challenges. 
 
Coming to expenses. At an overall level, total expenses were 10 bps lower than 
last year on the back of a base impact of one time LimeRoad costs incurred in last 
year quarter 3. The digital marketing cost for LimeRoad has started to taper down 
since November and has been the single biggest change in the overall expense 
breakup since the last quarter. On a go-forward basis, LimeRoad marketing 
spends will further rationalize to deliver better productivity, resulting in a 
healthier balance sheet. 
 
Coming to EBITDA. For the V-Mart core business. EBITDA for the quarter came in 
at 16.7% with Unlimited at 8.6% due to the onetime impact of inventory 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
provisioning for the old Unlimited inventory. For V-Mart, as a whole, including 
the losses from LimeRoad, the EBITDA came in at 13.5% for the quarter. 
 
Coming to inventory. The quarter closed at INR740 crores at 108 days of DOI, 
slightly higher than our target due to late winter but still under control. Winters 
have been delayed and winter sales slightly shifted into January, leading to a 
slightly higher closing inventory than planned. The per store average inventory 
came down by 15% to INR1.6 crores per store. 
 
On Capex, I think YTD, we have spent INR103 crores, which included spends on 
the new warehouse, 40 plus new stores and refurbishment of a few stores. The 
warehouse is already in operation and no additional major capex is expected at 
this time. We should be opening 10-plus stores in the current quarter and 
refurbishing a few more stores in quarter 4 further ahead. Old store 
refurbishment remains a high priority area, and we shall be making more 
investments towards this in the coming year. 
 
The working capital limit utilization was reduced by 56% since the start of this 
year and remains in comfortable range with more efficient, payable management 
and better cash flows from operations. 
 
Lalit talked about the store closures, and we have been taking a hard look at all 
the non performing stores and shall be initiating a closure of 20 stores in the 
current quarter, out of which 75% will be V-Mart stores and 25% will be 
Unlimited, at least for this quarter -- the coming quarter. The V-Mart stores are 
majorly the ones which were opened during COVID period and could not see the 
early footfalls leading to a non-profitable situation right now. The cleanup shall 
ensure a more efficient operation base and improve profitability going ahead. 
 
Owing to this pending closure, the requisite financial impact has already been 
taken in the financials, resulting in accelerated depreciation charged and also 
reversal of Ind-AS 116 provisions, which is reflected in other income. There may 
be a few more non profitable stores that may get and replaced with new locations 
in the next financial year. But bulk of the cleanup has already happened and 
closed as stated. 
 
So that's all from my side, and I'll request Ranganathan to open the house for 
questions. Thank you. 
Ranganathan: 
Thank you, Anand. Now we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Arun Singh from ICICI Securities. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Arun Singh: 
Lalit sir, my first question is, like while we analyze the 9-month numbers, as 
Anand sir has also pointed out regarding Tier 3 cities declining revenue per 
square feet. So, I mean, given the context that more than 50% of our contribution 
is from Tier 3 cities, and that is the only place where on a 9-month basis, we see, 
5-odd percentage of revenue per square feet decline, whereas in all other cities, 
our performance has been quite healthy. 
 
So given this context, I just wanted to judge and analyze the 20-store closure 
number that we called out, that where these stores belong to? I mean, which class 
of cities? 
 
And also, I mean, in this backdrop, if you can help us uncover that reasoning or 
you think that what is behind the strong and healthy SSG of 4%, which is in the 
top quartile, I mean, if you look at all other retail companies' performance. So, 
help us understand the robustness of the current SSG as well as the store closure 
with regards to the tiering of the cities and underperformance in Tier 3 cities, 
when it is likely to be back? 
Anand Agarwal: 
Arun, Anand this side. So, you're right. So, on an YTD basis, the Tier 3 cities still 
are showing a degrowth. But a happy thing to note, as I stated in my opening 
comments was that in this quarter, we have seen a positive trajectory in Tier 3 
towns and Tier 3 performance has been back in black. So, there was a plus 3% 
SSG that we saw from Tier 3. And that is where, as you rightly stated, almost 50% 
of our stores are located and this is the sign that is giving us the confidence that 
there is some amount of recovery, which is now happening or started to happen 
in our core customer segment. 
 
Having said that, I think it's also a seasonal impact, and  quarter 3 is always a good 
quarter for us, but it's also a sort of an early sign that things should started to now 
look up in Tier 3 as well as Tier 4. 
 
In terms of where the store closures, the stores which are getting closed, where 
are they located, bulk of them are in Tier 3, almost seven stores are in Tier 3. But 
I think more important than the tier of these towns, it is the timing when these 
stores got opened.  
And that, we have been stating at least in the last couple of calls also that there 
are a few stores at least 50 to 100 stores, which got opened in the last 2 to 3 years, 
and those times were a bit of a troubled times because the market was still 
battling with COVID, and the footfalls were not normal. And these stores could 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
never get the early start that company stores get. And that is where the impact 
was seen more in these kinds of towns. 
 
So, I will not say that by tier, if we are losing seven stores in Tier 3 then Tier 3 is 
a problem, I think in general, the closure is happening not because of the tier of 
town, but more happening because of the timing and the kind of performance that 
we were able to extract from those locations. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Just to add on there, why do you see this L2L, and then I think being very genuine 
here. This is still much below what we would expect our business to perform and 
what we had thought -- what we had targeted. So, we are still not more than 50% 
of what we had thought. So, this is something the market definitely will be coming 
back and there's more for us to do right there and more for us to bring in there. 
There's definitely a lot of challenges internally that we are working on. There is a 
lot of work that is yet to be done. There's still a lot of collaboration, which needs 
to be done. 
 
So still, we believe that the growth could be better. It's all about our internal 
capability and ability to do that. And that's how we are working on it. And then as 
of this last quarter, it was largely also because of these few days of Puja so certain 
markets like Bengal and Odisha. They performed a little bit during Durga Puja. So, 
the Durga Puja which was last year in September this year came in October. So, 
some part of that also came in because of that. 
 
Especially the state of Uttar Pradesh for us has not been very, very good. So that 
is where we are seeing some tail. It is largely in the entire state of economy, in the 
state Uttar Pradesh because we definitely are seeing a lot of transition that we've 
discussed in the last call as well that result in population is going through a 
massive transition in terms of professionalization or formalization of economy. 
 
So, there's still a lot of movement happening there. So, we are still not able to get 
back to our original growth rate in that particular store. And that particular state 
has the highest number of stores in Tier 3 for us. So that's how this whole thing 
adds up. 
Arun Singh: 
Sure. Understood. And Lalit sir also, like you pointed out that customers are more 
demanding in nature, they are evolving. And the fashion quotient, etcetera, is may 
be improving more. And it is bound, I mean consumers are demanding. They are 
likely to become more demanding going forward. And given the context that 
competitive landscape also keeps on evolving along with consumer and other 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
consequences, we see the fashion element or the degree or the choice, et cetera, 
all these things to be having its own natural way and the way it manifests. 
 
So, in that context, Lalit sir, like, do you want to call out anything that we are doing 
in particular, while we are obsessing about consumers all the time? What are the 
changes in V-Mart, which is our core, I mean, that we are doing now, which is 
significantly different compared to maybe 2, 3 years back, what we would have 
done. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, Arun, as you all know that we have been working especially with our product 
team, our merchandising team, reorganizing them, reworking them, bringing a 
design department and bringing a signature of our own design, our taste and an 
element of internationalization, which can be accepted by our consumers because 
we are the ones who understand these consumers the best, and we understand 
them the way they would adopt that kind of fashion. And that's how the 
uniqueness that we are trying to drive. 
 
But one thing that we have learned, and we have established and we would want 
to do more and more is work on quality because that is one thing that we have 
really learned and give quality at the same prices. And that is also a very, very 
tough call in this high fashion or high agile with highly competitive industry, 
providing fashion with quality is so difficult at this price point. So that is where 
we are working on. 
 
But we are largely known for our, family segment, consumer fashion is very 
important because the youth is definitely who is there, who will definitely get 
driven. But for us, a larger part of our ecosystem is the young family. And that is 
where whatever that they want, because there are a lot of changes that we can 
see in the young families, the behaviour, the kind of wearing, the kind of pattern 
that they wear and the kind of life that they live and the life with their children 
that they want to live. 
 
So that is how we are also working especially  to bring in those colors, newer 
fabrics, newer innovations, how do we get those newer silhouettes, the silhouette 
is such a big part of this particular fashion now. 
So, all of those new things have been learned and then I think because of this 
agility, our team is also becoming much more agile. They are also learning, they 
are also adopting a lot of things because we used to have a little bit of a mindset 
where we used to fear, this won't be working in the small cities. But now we are 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
becoming a little bolder and letting them out because certain competitors like us 
have also done it. 
 
And then that's how you learn in the market and that's how you grow. So, I think 
the acceptance level has been good. But still, there are a lot of variations and 
diversity so high in India that managing all of their perceptions and their 
requirements for fashion is becoming tougher. So that is where the digital play 
also comes in, and that is where a lot of our digital team is working and a lot of 
work is happening towards the whole understanding of the cluster, 
understanding of the consumer and the fashion and then integrating that with the 
product. So those are some of the few things that we are doing now. 
Arun Singh: 
Sure, sir. And sir, just one last question, if I may. On LimeRoad business, quarterly, 
we see, if not deterioration, maybe decline in the key metrics like a number of 
unique customers and customer visits, etcetera. So, when we guide for breaking 
even by the end of FY '25. So, this is like breaking even should be happening by 
more amount of business or maybe by reducing the overall size of the business 
itself? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, we don't aim to reduce the business, Arun, but we are not targeting to increase 
it superficially. So, we definitely want consumers who are relevant to us. They buy 
and they don't return and we just don't acquire because we want to bring in the 
footfall. So, we are not trying to bring out those key metrics as we are here trying 
to build a profitable, sustainable business, which is useful to our offline consumer 
and where we can also approach certain consumer likewise consumer who is not 
residing near the store, but want certain fashion which we are not able to give out 
to our consumer in our store. So that those products are also available for both 
our offline and online consumers. 
 
So that's how we will do it. Definitely, we don't want to reduce the top line. The 
business will not become smaller. But else required, we'll not burn money that is 
very clear. We will want to create a sustainable model and then work towards 
increasing those top lines. So that's how we will work towards. At the cost of 
profitability, we will definitely not want to grow too much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
So firstly, a little more dwelling on the store closure part. I know a lot of things 
has been already discussed, but just trying to understand it a little more in detail. 
So, you have done 30 store additions on a net basis in 9 months, and you're 
guiding that you'll add 10 stores and probably close 20. So, in all probabilities, FY 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
'24 a net store addition of around 20 stores is likely. Going forward also, you have 
mentioned that there are some 30 more stores under the radar. So how should 
we look at net store addition for V-Mart plus Unlimited in FY '25? Is it going to be 
another tepid year in terms of store addition because of these store closures? 
Anand Agarwal: 
So, Sameer, partially what you're saying is right, but not entirely. So, for the next 
year, we are looking at opening around 50-odd stores. And while no store closure 
number is decided as yet, what Lalit mentioned in his opening remarks was that 
we have a list of around 30-odd stores, which we are working on and it is not 
decided that we will close them. 
 
I think the first priority always is to rework and to renegotiate either the rentals 
or the product proposition or the employee proposition or the customer 
proposition and make it work. If every effort fails, only then we take a call and the 
call also always is to replace the stores with a nearby new opening. So, in all 
probability, we should be looking, at least 30-plus net store or 40-plus net store 
addition in the next year. 
Moderator: 
Your line has been disconnected. Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Bhargav from Ambit Asset Management. 
Bhargav: 
Sir, in your opening remarks, you did allude to the fact that the situation in the 
rural areas is not as bad as envisaged given the farm income has been rising. So, 
is it fair to say that we would have lost some market share to unorganized players 
in the last 1, 1.5 years due to higher pricing? And now that we are taking pricing 
actions a large part of this market share can also get recouped? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Yes, Bhargav, see, definitely, we all know the way this particular segment, which 
is the lower middle class or the lower class, which is the poor or the farmer class. 
They have behaved in the last 3 years post-COVID and inflationary pressure, 
which did affect their consumption. So, all of those were definitely there, but we 
also made the mistakes of taking the prices up and we definitely lost some 
customers because of that, which we realized and that is how we have taken 
corrective actions and we are able to see those results now in the ASPs also. 
 
So, we definitely believe that is happening. Still the pain is there, not that the pain 
has gone away. But yes, we are seeing betterment every quarter on what I told 
and that is what we are able to see. So, at that point of time, we lost to the 
unorganized players? I would not really say that because they are also struggling 
at that point of time. But now as things are becoming better, we are also seeing 
some brighter faces from unorganized players as well. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Bhargav: 
And sir, would it be fair to say that till the time being you sort of recoup our 
market share, our ASPs will continue to be fairly tight, meaning that we'll be very 
aggressive in terms of our pricing even in FY '25? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Yes. I think see, that's how V-Mart has originally been and that is what we are. 
And we don't want to say that we will want to reduce from that particular pricing. 
Because we took a steep hike in the last year and last-to-last year, so that is how 
we are trying to manage that. That is also because of the fact that the raw material 
prices have gone up, which has stabilized a little bit, but there's a lot of new 
innovation. There's a lot of new thought process. And then there is definitely a lot 
of customer expectation and then the competition, which is there. So, we have to 
manage all of those. 
 
But yes, this is where we are. From here, we should not see a further deep steep 
fall. From here, we may see a little 1% or 2% plus or minuses year-on-year. 
Bhargav: 
And sir, my last question is on LimeRoad. Right now, that we are sort of cutting 
that spend, how do we keep the team motivated because that is one of the big 
drivers to emerge as a disruptor? So how are we trying to get that motivation 
going in that team? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
No, I think the team is fully charged up. For them, they are trying to create history 
because in the entire marketplace model, no model has still been able to 
breakeven and work in the fashion industry, especially in the value-fashion 
industry. That is something which is a big target for them. And they are motivated 
because they all have certain options of V-Mart shares. And if that does well, V-
Mart will do well, and they all get motivated and benefited as well. 
Bhargav: 
Okay. That’s a smart thing to do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
And I really appreciate what we discussed on last call. You have taken those half 
steps and moving towards profitability. Just one candid question. When we 
inherited Unlimited stores, so there is a legacy store which is pulling down our 
overall revenue momentum. So how many of those legacy stores we have already 
closed, or we are planning to close, basically the large-size stores? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, Shirish, out of those 20 stores that we are planning to close down this 
particular year, there may be around six stores of those legacy types, which we 
have to close there. We still have more than 10 stores or 12 stores, which are 
flagged out in those particular areas as well where we are working aggressively. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Some of them have been worked upon, but some of them still are under discussion 
or some new experiments have been done to those. So, we can take some 3, 4, and 
5 more calls in the coming quarters. 
 
I am just trying to specify but I'm trying to be a little more blunt than expressing 
that we will not take any shyness in trying to take those calls if things are not 
performing for us. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So, with this store closure, this is, I would assume largely, it is in Telangana. Then 
the question is that after the new stores, which relocated, do you really see on-
ground metrics improving? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Shirish, definitely what we look at is that cost level metrics, at a store level metrics 
and store metrics would bring in results. And each of the store delivers 
profitability, each of the stores deliver the desired sales per square feet. That's 
how the business will run, and that's how we will be able to execute the directives 
of the business. 
Otherwise, there are a few stores, which accumulate the inventory, do not allow 
us to operate and the inventory takes becomes the inventory, which then goes 
back to other stores, and they have to sell that. 
 
So, everything has a spiral or a compounding effect. That's how we have to make 
up our mind. So, we need to filter that out. We did experiments, we did try, but 
things which are not working out, we need to filter them out. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I like that. On the quarter footfall, we have shown a very strong growth of 23% 
while 9-month growth is 20%. I was more curious, I don't know whether you 
track that metrics, what would be the contribution of first-time buyers in the 
quarter? And basically, I'm asking when you've taken a sharp pricing action, is 
there a new buyer which has started coming or the footfall increase is driven by 
the new buyers? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Shirish, you're asking about V-Mart? 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, at V-Mart, we have seen almost 62% of the sales coming in from the repeat 
buyers. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
 Okay. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Lalit Agarwal: 
38% of the sales still is from the new customer. But the number of customers that 
we have as new is almost 48%. So, we have definitely attracted more customers. 
Not every customer has gotten converted into buying, but yes, we are still 
working on them. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So that confirms that your strategy is working? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I mean, I would still rate it low because we still have better plans to execute, and 
we will have to perform better, much better, this is not our standard still. So, we'll 
have to do a little more hard work. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And the second question, we have also taken a very strong pricing action 
on Unlimited though you were anticipating the competition will have some dent. 
But whether you have taken the right strategy or whether this strategy of taking 
price cuts in Unlimited, is really helping us to attract footfall in the South? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
So, Shirish, it definitely has taken some time, and it will take further a little more 
time for the customer to realize and understand the value and those kinds of 
customers who need value to come and then get loyal to this particular store, 
right? So, it is what we know the best. It is what is sustainable. It is what will 
remain there and everywhere people need value. So, the value and worth of the 
product is so important. 
 
So that definitely will come because if you overcharge and just keep charging and 
when you sell them discounts and stuff, that's not something that V-Mart has 
done. So, V-Mart has to operate in its own principles, and that is what we are 
trying to do. There definitely a customer will understand the honest pricing, will 
understand where the products are getting delivered. They will test, they will try, 
once they feel that the products are good and succeed. Such is something that is 
how the whole compounding also is transacting. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My last question on LimeRoad, now we have done 1 year. So obviously, 
there are a lot of learnings which you had, and there were initially for a year that 
we will fulfil our omnichannel strategy. So, if we need to build LimeRoad in our 
modelling in next 2 to 3 years, of course, you have now a good handle on the 
cutting losses. But in the medium term, what kind of growth aspirations and what 
kind of margin profile you would be expecting from LimeRoad? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
I think it's too many questions in a very short time, maybe you could dump down 
and take that separately from Anand. We are definitely working towards bringing 
a sustainable model at any business level. But definitely, there are more plans that 
we have on omni-fication, and we are working very highly on them. 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
So, we'll be able to bring in a lot of customers from those particular offline stores. 
That's the plan that we are doing. So, there's a lot of work which is ready, it is all 
about execution. How well are we able to execute? How well are we able to change 
the culture within the offline stores, at the store employee level? 
All the 10,000, 11,000 people who are working there have to all get adopted on 
this omni culture and have to see customers and have to see the business both 
online and offline. So, we will be able to execute all of that, where their own 
growth rate or the margin will also be dependent. 
Moderator: 
The last question for today is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
Lalit, so after a long time, we are hearing very positive commentary from you on 
consumer sentiment. Now you also, very honestly highlighted that there were 
one-offs like tailwinds like Puja also being here and winter also being strong. So, 
if we have to kind of separate these tailwinds versus your reading, how confident 
are you that the sentiment inside here to stay or you are relatively more positive 
than you were before? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Well, Tejash, I think the sentiment, as I said, is definitely positive. But coming 
forward, we are seeing some disruptions coming. There are risks also in the 
market where the election is on the corner. We are seeing certain disruptions 
always going to come in the pre-election period, rallies and operational 
disturbances and communal disturbances. Now those things are also going to 
come in. So, when there is a disturbance on those lines, there will also be 
disturbances in May and June, we are not seeing a lot of weddings coming. 
 
So, there will be some things which will also disrupt our nature of business, but 
most of those, I think, betterment on the consumer sentiment is definitely there. 
It is also about how well are we able to catch up and how well are we able to 
deliver those. And I'll put more forefingers towards ourselves more than the 
market first. So that's how we are looking at it right now. And being more stern 
on myself more here than on the market now. 
Tejash Shah: 
Last question. So, we are making two major corrections in the model right now 
that we are weeding out the poor stores. And also, you said that merchandising 
philosophy is now more on the quality of the product. So, we have also seen in the 
past that both these aspects are very personality-driven also depending upon 
who's heading these two particular initiatives. 
So first of all, what are the learnings from both the experiences that we had in the 
last 4 years on both discounts? And how are we ensuring these learnings are 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
there, it gets institutionalized so that we open better stores, and we also be like 
up the merchandising side? 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Learnings of these two acquisitions, are you saying? 
Tejash Shah: 
No, no, no. The stores that we opened, between COVID and now we are shutting 
down. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Okay. Yes, so I think Tejash, definitely, for our business, one learning is very clear 
that every action that we have to take has to be very, very focused. And we 
definitely have to understand we cannot go one-sided on our approach on our 
calls that if we are growing, we'll keep growing, whatever the market is, 
everything will be okay. 
So, there are situations where we have to be a little more careful. There are 
situations where we need to take some calls and slow down a little bit and then 
relive the strategy and reconsolidate, then go with a little more finer action. 
 
And still, there are mistakes that we make. It's not that we have made mistakes, 
and we will not do it ever. There'll always be mistakes that we'll make, it is all 
about the process that we inherit, it is all about the ownership that the team takes 
in. And it is also about the collaboration and then the integration because the team 
becomes bigger. 
And the teams become bigger, one hand doesn't talk to the other hand. And that's 
how things also happen. So once again, I'm coming more from an internal 
perspective rather than an external perspective. There are external reasons 
which have made it happen, but there are also internal results which make it 
happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. In the interest of time, that will be the last question. I now 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Lalit Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for being there. And definitely, we still hope that we still are 
below our expectation, our own internal expectation, but we definitely are being 
cautious enough to manage our inventory well. We are being very cautious 
because in this agile environment, the inventory freshness and fashion inventory 
is very important to us. 
So, we are taking a lot of calibrated approaches. We are taking a lot of calibrated 
calls as well. We are not going all out whether in terms of store expansion or in 

 
                                                                                                                                                   V-Mart Retail Ltd 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
terms of our planning for higher like-for-like growth or in terms of reducing the 
prices and taking a margin cut. 
 
So, we are balancing all those activities. We are definitely trying not to give any 
shock to the system, not to give any shock to the customer. And play out sensibly, 
play out in a reasonable manner because there will be competition, there will be 
players who will come in with certain kinds of schemes and tactics. We have to 
stay confident. We have to stay on our proposition, and we have to be honest to 
all of those. That's how our strategy is and that's what we will try to do. Please be 
patient with us and then be there with us. Thank you so much for being here. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of V-Mart Retail, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
