malicom 
Ref: MIL/BSE/NSE/24 
Date: February 17, 2024 
  
  
 
 
 
  
The Manager 
The Manager 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Listing Department 
oo, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
1“ Floor, New Trading Wing,Rotunda 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, 
Building, 
Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400001 
Mumbai - 400051 
BSE Security Code: 539400 
NSE Symbol: MALLCOM 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the transcript of the audio call recording of the Company's Investor / Analyst Call held on 14" February 2024, on 
the Un-audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine months 
ended 31%! December 2023, 
is attached herewith. 
It is hereby confirmed that no unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared 
/ discussed in the 
call. 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the 
Company's 
website, 
from 
the 
attached 
link, 
https://mallcom.in/pages/investor-relations/shareholder- 
information#Earnings 
Call 2023-2024. 
This is for your kind information and record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For MALLCOM (INDIA) LTD. 
igitally 
signed by 
AJAY KUMAR jiayKinnan Malt 
MALL 
Szuony 
Ajay Kumar Mall 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00470184 
Enclosed: As above 
Mallcom [India] Ltd. 
EN-12, Sector-V, Salt Lake, Kolkata 700 091, India 
T: +9133 4016 1000 
| F: +913340146 1010 
E: sales@miallcom.in |W: www.emallcom.in 
| 
§ 
 

bs 
malicom > 
MALLCOM (INDIA) LIMITED 
Q3 FY24 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
Wednesday, February 14th, 2024 
MANAGEMENT PARTICIPANTS 
Mr. Rohit Mall: General Manager 
Mr. Shyam Sundar Agrawal: Chief Financial Officer

Mallcom (India) Limited 
Q3 and Nine Months FY 2024 
February 14, 2024 
  
Moderator: 
Purvangi Jain: 
Rohit Mall: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mallcom (India) Limited’s Q3 and Nine 
Months FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode 
and there 
will 
be 
an opportunity for you 
to 
ask questions 
after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*”, then “O” on your touchtone phone. 
| now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Good morning, everyone. My name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the 
Investor Relations for Mallcom (India) Limited. On behalf of the company, 
| would like to thank 
you all for participating in the company’s Earnings Call for the Third Quarter and Nine Months 
ended Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today’s earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to 
risks and uncertainties, which could cause 
actual 
results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment 
decision. The purpose of today’s earnings call 
is to educate and bring awareness about the 
company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings call 
and hand 
it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us, Mr. Rohit Mall — General 
Manager and Mr. Shyam Aggarwal -- CFO. Without any further delay, 
| request Mr. Rohit Mall 
to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Purvangi. First of all, wish you all a very Happy Basant Panchami. It is a pleasure to 
welcome you all to our earnings conference call for the third quarter and nine months ended 
of the financial year 2024. 
In this quarter, our company achieved a significant milestone, marking 40 years of successful 
operations. We are excited to share the news that our recently established garment unit in 
West Bengal 
is now fully operational, following the successful reallocation of our previous 
garment unit. Our focus is on branding local market development and recognizing high growth 
Page 
1 of 14

Shyam Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
opportunities has led to a shift in turnover ratio between export and domestic markets, which 
now stands 
at approximately 56 export 
: 44 domestic year-to-date, compared to 64:36 
previously. 
Progress continues on our greenfield project 
at SANAND-II Gujarat for Protech and other 
product categories with development proceeding according to schedule. We have already 
invested Rs. 28 crores in this project, with an additional investment of approximately Rs. 32 
crores expected over the next two quarters, before the unit becomes operational in Q1 FY 
2025. 
Now 
| will request Mr. Shyam Aggarwal, our CFO to give a briefing about third quarter nine 
month financials. 
Thank you, Rohit and good morning and Happy Saraswati Pooja to all the participants. 
| would 
like to provide an overview of our financial performance for the third quarter and nine months 
ended financial year 2024. 
In the third quarter, the company attained operating revenues of Rs. 96 crores, representing a 
year-on-year decline of 4% and 
a quarter-on-quarter decline of 12%. This decline can 
be 
attributed to temporary disruptions in our raw material supply chain and the relocation of our 
existing garment unit, resulting 
in higher operational costs under-recovery. However, we 
anticipate recovering some of the loss volume for garments in the current quarter of FY 2024. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 12 crores, resulting in EBITDA margin of 12.13%. EBITDA 
margin is declined by 230 basis points year-on-year and 209 basis points quarter-on-quarter. 
The quarterly net profit amounted to Rs. 7 crores, translating to a PAT margin of 7.11%, which 
experienced 
a decline of 371 basis points year-on-year and 138 basis points quarter-on- 
quarter. 
Over the nine-month 
period, the company’s operating revenue reached 
Rs. 298 crores, 
indicating flat growth. EBITDA for the company stood at Rs. 41 crores, marking EBITDA margin 
of 13.81%, which degrew by 23 basis points year-on-year. The net profit for the nine months 
was reported at Rs. 25 crores with the PAT margin reported at 8.21%, which declined by 92 
basis points year-on-year. Amid challenges, our net profit for the nine months ended December 
31, 2023 experienced a decline primarily due to increasing depreciation costs, marketing costs, 
brand promotion cost, operating expenses and finance costs. 
Thank you. With this, we can now open the floor to the questions-and-answer session. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Adityapal Singh from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 2 of 14

Adityapal Singh: 
Rohit Mall: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Rohit Mall: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Rohit Mall: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Rohit Mall: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Rohit Mall: 
So, quickly wanted to understand the status on where we are with the supply chain issue that 
we faced last quarter with our garment’s supply? 
So, this supply chain issue which was created last quarter continuing into this quarter and that's 
why you see a little bit dip, especially in our export turnover or not as expected revenue. So we 
are moving out of it, gradually, as we speak, the activities are ongoing. It was already started 
in December and January, so 
| think it will take this quarter entirely to move away. And we are 
on the path and we have successfully been able to develop other vendors or with another set 
of vendors, we have been able to develop the same kind of products. So, 
| think by this year 
end, we will be completely out of it and we should start seeing results in the coming quarters 
for the year and following year. 
And can 
| attribute the entire degrowth in Europe to this garment or material itself? 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
Can 
| attribute the entire degrowth in Europe, so Europe as a geography degrew by 30% for us. 
So, what would that be? 
A big reason was the supply chain, but also Europe’s economy itself has not been performing 
so well. As you can see the interest rates and the pressure on them and the unemployment 
and everything, that just added on and the war, etc. So, that just added on to the troubles. But 
yeah, largely for us, it was the supply chain and then their economy. 
And going forward, how are we looking, 
if you just can give me geography-wise growth 
predicts? Because 
a few geographies, from the new European geography, geographies are 
actually decreasing. So, we are at two ends of the curve. 
Yeah. So, definitely we see alot of growth coming out of Asia, primarily India, then Middle East 
and then North America is also a market where we are pushing and starting to see some good 
movements. South America has been a mixed bag for us. So, countries like Argentina have their 
own issues of unable to remit foreign currencies. But other countries have been positively 
being impacted. So that’s kind of a mixed bag. But yeah, this 
is where we see most of our 
growth. Europe will definitely remain our key market, but the scale of growth, the quantum of 
growth in Europe will not be as high as, let’s say, the other countries that we have seen. 
So for example, geographically South America performed really well in the nine months period, 
going from Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 45 crores. And same North America actually degrew, so any 
comments over there? 
See, in any kind of this business it takes time for the shift to happen. We were talking about 
reverse China plus while in all these while. So now it’s taken almost gestation period of one 
Page 3 of 14

Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Gupta: 
Rohit Mall: 
years, one and a half years and now we’re starting to see effect. So a lot of this effect will have 
a Spillover for the next financial year. So we are very confident of North America growing in the 
next financial year. And even in the 12 month period, there should not be a big degrowth from 
that economy. We should see same or maybe some positive growth there. 
South America, like 
| said, it’s been 
a mixed bag. We should have expected more growth 
if 
countries like Argentina didn’t go into 
a big trouble themselves. But yeah, we were able to 
recoup and get some other markets. 
But yeah, there’s some dependencies on how the 
countries and how the political scenario and the economic scenario there is as well. 
And the gross margins have improved actually. So how can 
| attribute, what will 
be the 
percentage of value added products as a percent of sales? 
Most likely it should remain same. Whatever margin we are working upon, 
it should remain 
same. Only for this quarter as you see that in case of garmenting, because of lower turnover, 
which was impacted by both supply chain management as well as shifting of the unit also was 
some issue, which we could complete in last quarter. So otherwise, the EBITDA margin should 
remain in which we are working till now. 
No, Shyam ji, what 
| wanted to understand is that your gross margins have improved from 38% 
to 43% over the quarter. So, my question was that, how can 
| attribute? What would be the 
percentage coming from decreasing raw material cost? 
That margin for the quarter is lower raw material cost for some of the product categories, yes. 
That’s why only, but we see that as a temporary, but going forward, margins should remain in 
that range only. 
Which is 38% to 40%? 
Yeah. Yeah. 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit, any green shoots that you are seeing from the European markets? Or is expected to 
remain subdued for the next one or two more quarters at least, if not more? 
So they have just started their new financial year and definitely the talks are on and it’s been a 
little better than the last six months, 
| would say, at least the talks and some of the inquiries 
and orders are flowing in. So we expect it to improve in the next coming two quarters for sure, 
because the unemployment rate is also going down and the inflation rate in some of these 
countries are going down. So we expect improvement in the coming quarters. We hope that 
Page 4 of 14

Ankit Gupta: 
Rohit Mall: 
Moderator: 
Astha Sundarka: 
Rohit Mall: 
Astha Sundarka: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Astha Sundarka: 
the worst is behind, unless there’s another geopolitical issue coming up which we don’t know 
about, but we expect it to get better now. 
And on this China plus strategy which was happening, and we have seen across many other 
products where because there has been some slowdown and some talks about China plus one. 
The Chinese companies have started dumping products in the market at lower prices, so how 
is the case with our products? Are we seeing some dumping from them at lower prices or that’s 
not an issue in our products? 
No, that’s definitely happening in some of our product categories, where they are just to have 
the same market share or increase it, they’re dumping the products at some political prices. 
But there are also buyers who are very clear that they want to have a parallel supply chain even 
if it comes at a cost, so we’re happy to do 
it. And also, we are trying to pitch such kind of 
products, where countries like India are inherently good, because of the availability of the raw 
material. And we are trying to also reposition 
in terms of the kind of services that we can 
provide and long-term association, because they’re happy with the outlook of India for the 
coming years. 
So, that’s how we are pitching, but definitely we are seeing a lot of dumping. And even some 
countries are starting to recognize 
it and maybe put some kind of anti-dumping on China as 
well. So, that’s also helping. So, it’s mixed because we have seen some success also, but we’ve 
seen this kind of issues as well. 
We have our next question from the line of Astha Sundarka from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
My first question to you is what is the target year to touch Rs. 1,000 crore topline? 
So it remains same as previously also stated, there is no change in that. And even though this 
year may not have been the greatest of the years, that does not change for now. 
My next question is that what is the revenue potential of Ghatakpukur plant and from this how 
much is the old capacity shifted here? 
Now this plant for garmenting can give us almost Rs. 200 crores of turnover per annum only 
for garments. And almost the shifted capacity is around Rs. 80 crores, Rs. 90 crores which we 
were doing at the previous plant. So that is one and we have almost double space here and we 
need to add some machineries there, plant machineries which can be done at very short notice. 
But overall, at full capacity, it should be giving us around Rs. 200 crores turnover for garments 
only. 
And one last question from my side. What is the current capacity utilization of plants on an 
average? 
Page 5 of 14

Shyam Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Yash Tony: 
Rohit Mall: 
Moderator: 
Rahil Shah: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Rahil Shah: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Rahil Shah: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Rahil Shah: 
Rohit Mall: 
So it is around, as of now around 70% to 80% for garments. And yeah, for garments it is around 
that. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Yash Tony, a shareholder, please go 
ahead. 
So my first question 
is regarding with the Ghatakpukur 
plant. So we have that 
as fully 
operational. When can we expect the commencement of Phase-2 CAPEX plants? 
| can take this. So we have already started the talks for Phase-2. And hopefully, by Q1 2025 
we'll start the CAPEX there, like the actual groundbreaking and setting up the facility there. 
And hopefully within FY 2025 that should be completed. 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
In the previous calls, regarding your target of Rs. 1,000 crores, the next buoyancy so you had 
said the growth will be gradual 15% or so and you expected the same to happen for this year 
as well. But the last two quarters have been muted including this one. So any changes there or 
what are expectation now? 
No, like 
| mentioned there’s no change on the target or the year in which we are trying to 
achieve it. It remains the same. Yes, the last couple of quarters have not been the greatest, but 
there have been good developments nonetheless and these are, we consider to be some 
operational roadblocks or some headwinds. But like you see in other geographies and India 
have been performing well, so we are still confident that we should be able to hit our targets. 
| specifically meant for this year as well, 15% or so you can achieve on the top. 
No, maybe not for this year. I’m not sure about it. We are trying our level best in the last couple 
of months to hit the target, but this year I’m not sure if we’ll be able to hit the 15% target. 
But you expect the growth to accelerate next year definitely with the key developments you 
have seen? 
Yes. 
What about the margins trajectory, are they sustainable or will they be impacted as well? 
| think margins should remain at the same level. If I’m not wrong, Shyam Ji can address, but 
| 
don't expect it to change a 
lot. 
Page 6 of 14

Shyam Aggarwal: 
Rahil Shah: 
Rohit Mall: 
Rahil Shah: 
Rohit Mall: 
Rahil Shah: 
Rohit Mall: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Rahil Shah: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
I’ve already answered. So, our margins should remain in the range which we have been working 
for quite some time now. So, that is not likely to impact it. 
Lastly, so, what new are we thinking to try going ahead in the next couple of quarters? Do you 
know that to see that revival of growth now other than these new capacities and everything. 
So, any other areas where you are focusing more which will help us grow further? 
See, one of the biggest thing that hindered our growth was the supply chain issue and we’ve 
already started worked on 
it and we’ve tried to derisk ourselves and ensure that this issue is 
taken care of. So that was the major work that we were doing, and we are on the path of 
completely moving away from that situation. So for the next immediate like 
a couple of 
months, that’s what we are working on and ensuring that we can get some revenue, some lost 
revenue recovered from that. 
You mentioned the new North America market, you’re expecting good growth. South America 
seems a bit dicey. And we also mentioned Asia, Middle East, those are promising geographies, 
right? What about the domestic market? How is our prospects over there in terms of growth? 
Yeah, so when 
| mention Asia, it’s largely India I’m talking about. And there we have seen good 
growth and consistent growth and there we are confident of consistently hitting the 15%, 20% 
growth numbers. 
Any change in product mix or largely the same? 
Right now, largely, like global product mix, yes, it has changed again, because the garments 
turnover has gone down, so you'll see lesser of garment in the mix and which has been taken 
over by 
| think shoes footwear largely, that’s the change that has happened. But we consider it 
to be again something temporary. We don’t expect our product mix to change significantly. 
Rohit, going forward, 
| would like to mention that, yes, we are looking for newer products, like 
for the product mix, we will be launching some new products in hand safety per segments and 
helmet is again something, which is our new product we are concentrating more on developing 
our market share there. 
Do they provide better margins or similar? 
Yes, yes. It would be like in hand safety segment, the margins would be similar. And helmet is 
something which we are still trying to develop our market and product. So let us see how it 
develops. 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 7 of 14

Dhwanil Desai: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
So my first question is, you mentioned in your commentary that you lost some volume and 
revenue because of the supply chain issues and shifting of the plant. So can you quantify this 
number? 
So for the three months it should be in the range of around Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores which 
we lost for garment’s turnover. 
And that is mainly on the garment side? 
Yeah, only for garment. So both, due to supply chain issue as well as shifting of the plant. So 
now it is on track. So as we mentioned, some of the turnover should be recovering in this 
quarter also. 
So 50% - 60% of that can be recovered, is that a fair assumption? 
Not sure. We are trying hard. So now the unit is fully operational, and we would like to, because 
order is not an issue, so it is all about production and supply of the pending orders. 
Also I’d just like to add, so it’s not easy to just recover the lost revenue because the production 
capacity is still intact and more or less the same. So a 
lot of shifting has happened and you can’t 
increase capacity overnight, so that takes time. And 
it cannot happen 50% in the last two 
months. 
It will take longer time than that because it’s a function of increasing the production 
capacity and the order is not being lost, because of delays and other such issues. 
So, second question is, 
if 
| look at our company last two years, three years, we have done 
significant CAPEX, and we are still going ahead with the SANAND project where also we’re going 
to put in a lot of CAPEX. And as we have been mentioning in the last few con-calls, the export 
market 
is 
a 
bit soft. So, given 
all this and now we have observed that you guys are very 
conservative about 
putting capital. 
So, what 
gives you 
this confidence that, while the 
Ahmedabad unit is still ramping up, Ghatakpukur also, we are in the transition mode and we’re 
still going ahead with SANAND. So what gives you that confidence to protect such large capital? 
So there are a couple of reasons why we are doing this. One is, so a lot of plant machinery and 
everything was getting old, and we were running out of space. So that is one of the reasons. It 
so happened that, they kind of converge at the same point that we are running out of space. 
So that was one of the reasons for having 
a CAPEX or shifting of capacities. Second 
is the 
potential in the Indian market that we are seeing and the Middle East market, these kind of 
markets that we’ve seen where we are doing our own branded sales. And third, definitely, 
apart from Europe also, like we have mentioned some countries, South America and then North 
America are showing good potential. And there has to be the China plus one thing going on, 
because China has much larger capacities, so we need to ensure that we have capacities that 
Page 8 of 14

Dhwanil Desai: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Rohit Mall: 
we can offer to some of our buyers. So it was a mix of all these that led us to do this kind of 
CAPEX. 
Okay. The reason I’m asking this is that 
| wanted to understand, whether when you put up such 
CAPEX and when things are fluid, is it that you get some kind of indication or soft commitment 
from customers or is it more of our understanding of how things will evolve in the next three 
or four years? How does it work? 
No, this is based on our understanding and our talks with the customer, our understanding of 
our branded market, there’s no such soft commitment. It’s just verbal, nothing on paper that 
we get from the customer, so it’s largely on our estimation. 
Right. But customers still, do give you some indication that if you put up such capacity, we are 
building buyers, that kind of a thing, those are the kind of conversations we are having? 
Yeah, we regularly keep them updated about what we are planning to do and if we are going 
in the right direction, get some samples and everything, yes, we are doing that regularly. 
Third question is, 
| think, SANAND plant, you had mentioned that head protection is going to 
be one of the important pillars for SANAND. Now in this head protection segment, 
| think, in 
Indian market there are already very well-established players. So how do we compete in this 
market and gain market share? 
If you can talk a bit about that because either any specialty 
variants in the head protection segment or it is all the same if you can again talk, a bit about 
that? 
See the biggest reason is the size of the market. So India, as a market is so large that it cannot 
be serviced by one player or two players in any of the product category. So that is number one. 
Number two 
is we are seeing the shift in India where more and more people are turning 
towards certified products and even BIS 
is getting stronger, and 
a lot of these local small 
unorganized players are not selling certified products. So that 
is again 
a market which will 
increase, so one is the regular growth of the market then new market being added. And thirdly, 
this is a product category which is missing from the basket, and we would like to be a one-stop 
shop for everybody asking for PPE, head to toe. So this is a missing category and it goes from 
similar distribution channel. So we are confident that we’ll be able to push this product also 
and get some recall on it as well, with our brand and with the USPs that our brand gives in other 
product categories in the same product category also there will be takers. 
So any kind of attraction you’re getting on the Australian market post FDA and any updates on 
that? 
Yes. 
So, Australian 
market and 
New Zealand 
market 
are combined together. Australian 
specifically, yes, there have been improvements there, especially on the value-added products. 
Page 9 of 14

Moderator: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Adityapal Singh: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Adityapal Singh: 
And we are further confident that it will improve, because we see some delegations from there 
coming over. So we are confident about that market. It’s not a very large market because the 
population is limited. But definitely we are seeing better interest from that market than what 
was earlier. 
Thank you, sir. We have our follow-up question from the line of Adityapal Singh from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Shyam sir, just wanted to understand, in Phase-2 in Ghatakpukur plant, what would be the 
incremental CAPEX and what would be the incremental revenue capacity from this plant? 
So, CAPEX as of now we estimate CAPEX to be in the range of Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 20 crores. 
And 
it will not be for the same product, 
it will be 
a different product. And then different 
product, talking of different product, it will be safety shoes and then we have, like it will be sort 
of providing us some shoe upper and some manufacturing capacity. So, in the safety shoe 
segment, we target almost whatever turnover we project, almost one-third of that should be 
out of safety shoes. So this unit should be catering to the overall set-up of our production 
capacity for safety shoes. 
But if 
| were to put a number of the revenue capacity from the increment, because 
| assume 
that garment is doing Rs. 200 crores. 
See, as 
| mentioned, talking of, 
if Rs. 1,000 crore turnover we are projecting by FY 2028 years 
then almost Rs. 300 crore turnover should be coming out of safety shoes, Rs. 330 crores. And 
this unit is not going to produce finished shoes. It will be making maybe shoe upper also, so 
this unit becomes the intermediary product we are not selling directly. So that way, this will be 
the feeding unit and some manufacturing also. So overall turnover, we project in the range of 
one-third of the projected turnover or total turnover. 
And sir, 
| understand that we are at 70% to 80% in garments, but what about other products? 
What will be the capacity utilization over there? 
The overall capacity utilization for all the products is in the range of 70% to 80%. But that is 
always in our type of product category, 
it is also scalable. So there can be 
a change in shift, 
there can be a little bit of outsourcing of production, so that way we can increase productivity 
as per requirement. But the overall productivity range for all the products remains in the 70%, 
80% category. 
And so FY 2024 we are expected to close with a high single-digit growth, is that fair to assume? 
Pardon, will you please repeat the question? 
I'm saying that in FY 2024, we’ll close with a high single-digit revenue growth? 
Page 10 of 14

Shyam Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Yeah, that is most likely. That should be the figure, yeah. 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Manya 
Finance. Please go ahead. 
Just wanted to know, what is the capacity expansion which we have done at SANAND? And 
after this, what will be our total capacity? 
| mean, percentage wise, how much will be our 
incremental capacity? 
So SANAND, we are going mostly for Phase 
1 
is mostly Protech glove, so 
it will be almost 
additional 50% of our existing capacity for these gloves. And for the helmet range, it should be 
almost, it’s a little bit of shifting of the capacity also plus new capacity, so again 50% of our 
existing capacity. 
And when are you planning to completely finish off all the phases of expansion? 
In SANAND, so we have only right now started and decided for Phase 1. Phase-2 we haven’t 
planned yet. So I’m expecting somewhere in FY 2026 is when I’m planning. But we’re yet to 
decide on the timeline. 
After shifting of the capacity, what are your plans for the Ahmedabad unit? 
| mean, are you 
using the real estate to get some cash or how is it? Still the work going on with it? 
No, Ahmedabad unit 
is different and that will continue its operations as 
is and there’s no 
shifting from the Ahmedabad unit. 
And what is the position of the debt right now and for this expansion, 
| mean, what is the source 
of the expansion, is it internal accruals? 
So source of the funding for all the CAPEX is through internal accruals. And as of now, we don’t 
have any long-term debt and only working capital borrowing, which we do and that also is 
supported by equally, almost we are invested into liquid cap. So, going forward, so as of now, 
hardly any borrowing, a 
little bit of working capital only. 
So, what is the capacity utilization right now expected in this quarter and maybe for this coming 
year also? What will be the capacity utilization according to after the expansion done? 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
What is the current capacity utilization? Like what is the run rate for the last two months? And 
going ahead, what capacity utilization are we expecting to do? 
Page 11 of 14

Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Shyam Aggarwal: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Rohit Mall: 
Moderator: 
Khushi Kabra: 
So, Rohit, let me answer here. So, as 
| mentioned, the overall capacity utilization is in the range 
of 70% - 80% for all product categories. And yes, going forward also, what we are doing like the 
infrastructure which we are creating, it is more of creating, building and creating space. So, 
going forward, whatever plant and machinery we install that would be as per requirement and 
it can be done on short notice. And yeah, capacity utilization should be in the range of that 
only, based on requirement we keep investing into plant and machinery. 
Okay. No, just wanted to understand, because in the previous call, you mentioned that you will 
be doing single-digit growth for the next year. Since our capacity expansion has already 
happened and even that will come in line and we’ll be expecting the same utilization, why 
wouldn’t we be looking at around 20% to 30% growth? 
No, 
| mentioned of current year. For FY 2024 you wanted to know, whether in single-digit 
growth, so this is what we are projecting. And definitely for the next FY 2025 the growth should 
be in the double-digits. 
| mean, so what 
| said approximately 20% to 30% should be viable? 
How much? 
20% to 30% growth we should expect? 
Yeah, we should expect, yes. 
What is the percentage of online and offline sales because we were doing some online sales 
before? 
Yeah, online is negligible right now as compared to our offline. 
So what is our focus? Instead of coming into the Indian market are we looking at doing online 
sales ahead or no? 
Yeah, we are looking and we are continuing to do so, but this kind of product category it’s not 
a completely retail product, so we don’t expect it to be greater than even 5% or even 2% 
- 3% 
to start off with as compared to that overall sales. 
Thank you, sir. We have a next question from the line of Khushi Kabra from Pegasus Growth. 
Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to know if you guys are seeing any increase in freight cost due to the Red Sea 
issue? 
Page 12 of 14

Rohit Mall: 
Khushi Kabra: 
Rohit Mall: 
Moderator: 
Raunak Kapoor: 
Rohit Mall: 
Raunak Kapoor: 
Rohit Mall: 
Raunak Kapoor: 
Rohit Mall: 
Raunak Kapoor: 
Rohit Mall: 
Yes. We are seeing increase in freight cost, we’re also seeing delays in deliveried because of 
Red Sea, but we usually pass it on to the customer. 
And do you expect any improvement in operating costs due to the shift in production to the 
new cut-off per unit? 
Yes. So, for temporarily, the operational costs have increased. We expect it to normalize in the 
coming months. 
Thank you, ma’am. We have our next question from the line of Raunak Kapoor from Systematix 
Group. Please go ahead. 
So, can you just brief the stress on the market size in India and what do you expect the market 
to grow? And what is the current market share like? 
| believe there are a lot of unlisted players 
in this segment. So, are we the top two, top three in this segment? And what is the moat over 
our competitors? 
Okay. So, market size, we expect it to be around anywhere between Rs. 12,000 crores to Rs. 
15,000 crores, almost 50% to 60% would be unorganized. And in terms of market shares, it’s 
very difficult to ascertain that kind of data. But yeah, we would be around, 
| think, 4% 
- 5% of 
the entire market, 
if I’m not wrong, but there’s no published data for this. We are trying to 
build the brand in India and we’ve been trying to do this for the last 15 years or so. And we 
focus on the quality of our products. We only sell certified products even where there’s no 
Indian certification available, then we 
rely on European certification and we ensure the 
availability of our product and that we are launching new products and providing entire head- 
to-toe solutions. That’s what our focus is. 
So in India like what would be our standing likely it be a number two, number three or? 
There’s no published ranking and like you also said a lot of smaller unlisted players, so we don’t 
have their numbers and also it will depend from categoryto category. 
And are you also doing firefighting equipment? 
No we don’t do firefighting. We do flame retardant coveralls and garments. We do heat 
resistant gloves, but we don’t specifically do firefighting equipment. 
And just one more question, based on your current capacity utilization, optimal utilization 
assuming there’s no further CAPEE, what would be your revenue like ideal revenue you expect? 
It should be in the range of around Rs. 600 crores to Rs. 700 crores we can achieve with existing 
capacity only without putting any additional machineries also. 
Page 13 of 14

Raunak Kapoor: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Raunak Kapoor: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Raunak Kapoor: 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Mall: 
Moderator: 
And in terms of margins, do you think EBITDA margin of 14% - 15% will be sustainable or it can 
be increased on a long run? 
Yes. No, it should be in that range only as of now. 
So by FY 2028 you all are targeting Rs. 1,000 crores, so you expect like 14% - 15%? 
Yes. 
There is no scope for the margin expansion? 
Not yet, we don’t see that right now. 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, 
| now hand the conference over to management 
from Mallcom (India) Limited for closing comments. 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings conference call. 
| hope we were able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business. If you have 
any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our 
Investor Relations Manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe and stay healthy. 
On behalf of Mallcom (India) Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 14 of 14
