MDN/CS/COMPLIANCE/2023-24 
 March 01, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, pt Floor, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 541195 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, SthFloor; Plot No. CII, G Block, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
Trading Symbol: MIDHANI 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Analysts and Investors Meet/Conference Call held on February 27, 
2024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
1.
Further to our letter dated February 27, 2024 intimating you about the audio recording 
of Analysts and Investors Meet/ Conference Call on Q3 - FY24 Results, held on February 
27, 2024, please find below the transcript of the aforesaid Conference Call.
2.
The transcript of the call is also made available on the Company's website.
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you,
Encl: As above 
Yours faithfully, 
For Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
Paul Antony 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
company.secretary@midhani-india.in 
fl{J mg i;t1rq f¥te 
MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED 
('qffif W efiT X) 
(A Govt. of India Enterprise) 
Y Z: 1ll.-3TI. [, \' 'ffiilllRT-500058 
Registered Office: P.O. Kanchanbagh, Hyderabad, Telangana-500058 
] Telephone: 040-24184000, 1fieRl Fax: 040-24340039 
Rffl ^ 'fr. CIN: L 14292TG1973GOI001660 
_ Website: www.midhani-india.in 
PAUL 
ANTONY
Digitally signed by PAUL ANTONY 
DN: c=IN, o=MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED, 
ou=MISHRA DHATU NIGAM LIMITED, 
2.5.4.20=60afa5c87eea5b9391f151974c3ca1ca
3ee4c97920d3fb0a1f2ff78b536cb3e8, 
postalCode=500058, st=TELANGANA, 
serialNumber=92dde4a7c4d77285cefe5e99f4b
cb94660854e04d6c17e5cc4e0217fdd4e0091, 
cn=PAUL ANTONY 
Date: 2024.03.01 15:16:40 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 27, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SANJAY K. JHA – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR,  
MR. T. MUTHUKUMAR – DIRECTOR, (PRODUCTION & 
MARKETING) & PAUL ANTONY - COMPANY 
SECRETARY 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT DIXIT – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to MIDHANI Limited Q3 FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to 
you, Mr. Dixit. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. At the outset, 
I would like to thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call. 
From the management today, we have Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha – CMD and Mr. T. Muthukumar – 
Director, Production & Marketing and Mr. Paul Antony, Company Secretary. 
Without much ado, I would invite “Dr. Jha for Opening Remarks,” post which we will open the 
floor for an “Interactive Q&A Session.” over to you, sir. 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Good morning to all the investors who have joined this conference call. 
The Q3 Results of MIDHANI is I would say a mixed type of performance. 
The first one, I would like to mention about the positive aspect that Value of Production (VoP) 
and the sales, there is a substantial growth in that side, but at the same time we have had some 
pressure on PBT and PAT. There are various reasons for that, that we will be talking as we 
progress in this call. 
But the one good thing is that we have many new achievements which Company has achieved 
during this period, which includes, on the front of, I would say, the product development and 
export. So many new products we have developed and also we have done the export and, in this 
point, also I would like to mention here that in aerospace sector, the order book also has improved 
substantially. And when I talk about the aerospace, it is mainly for the high-end applications 
which includes the Superalloys, Titanium alloys and some of the very unique special grade steels 
also and those things have a long-term potential in the business of the Company and not only 
cater to the requirement of our national fleet of aircraft, but also we will be having a very good 
potential to enter in the supply chain of leading aerospace companies of the world. So, that is 
the one part. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
And the second part is to meet these challenges which Company is facing for exports, like having 
the certification for NABCB and many other parts that some like S400 type of certification, so 
we are working towards that and also there is a good progress. 
Recently, we have commissioned the two unique facilities in our Hyderabad premises which 
include fluorescent magnetic particle testing. This is all required for testing of finished 
components. So, this is required mainly for the aerospace components. And earlier also as I 
mentioned about isothermal facility. So, we have achieved a very good progress in our endeavor 
to see that how we can improve some of the areas for making the aerospace materials. 
And also another very important part is in our development of infrastructure or the equipment 
side is modernization of our downstream facility where we have done a lot of progress in the bar 
and wire facility, where the wire drawing, then finishing operations, then heat treatment, that 
facility also has taken a very good change and a very good growth is there. From that segment, 
we are now getting very good business; there is substantial increase in our turnover from that 
facility, and I am seeing that the potential will be almost if we compare it to the last financial 
year 22-23 and this financial year, I will say it will be multiple times and it may touch even 10 
times also when compared with last year. So, these are the changes which we are very hopeful 
that things will be going in a fast-track mode. 
And also, we have in this quarter I think a good amount of supply, the first time we have done 
for a consortium for making the launch vehicle, the PSLV outside the domain of ISRO. So, that 
from that consortium we recently got the order and that we are supplying in a very short time, 
in fact, earlier supply period used to be over a span of maybe one year, one and a half year or 
two years, but this we are completing in three to four months. So, that shows our capability in 
the area of our production because of the addition of certain facilities. These things are giving a 
lot of momentum in our servicing these type of requirements in an effective way. 
I think this much only I can tell you and many others as we progress, we can reply, and I will 
ask people also to participate in that. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Khush 
Nahar from Electrum portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Khush Nahar: 
So, my first question was on the raw material pricing. So, we have seen Nickel prices coming 
up and down. So, since our order book execution is around two years, so what is the lag time 
that we keep, so like when can we see the benefit of the following RM in our numbers in terms 
of EBITDA margins? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
This is a very valid point. First of all, all orders are not very long-term for MIDHANI. Many 
orders we have to service within three to four months only, so either in a single quarter only or 
in upcoming quarter we will be supplying the material. So, that impact definitely we are going 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
to get the benefit in Q4, but it will not affect all the supplies because many things already we 
have committed and whatever we have got probably it can make up, I will say that whatever we 
have lost because of one I have taken the other Nickel alloys or something, in between it has 
increased. So, we cannot say that we will not supply that means required quantity, required order 
say that I cannot service the order. There will be a mixed benefit because of this, but definitely 
it is going to have the impact and may something in the fourth quarter, but the effective way it 
will start coming from the Q1 of next financial year, because this financial year many melting, 
and all we have already completed, so impact will be mainly felt in the first quarter of next 
financial year due to lower prices of the Nickel. 
Khush Nahar: 
So, from Q1 of FY'25, we can see our EBITDA margins going back to the normal rate? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Yes, yes, definitely it will have. 
Khush Nahar: 
So, one of our competitors, so they haven't seen such a big impact on their EBITDA margins in 
the last three quarters like we have seen. So, is there any particular reason or how is it? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
First of all, you have to see what is the product profile because just like that competitor we 
cannot say, but what is the product profile. I am talking about is my case. If you see that my total 
volume of production the super alloy production has gone up substantially. Earlier, if you see it 
was 8% of our total volume, this time it is 20%. So, this is almost two to three times jump is 
there in the super alloy production. Probably my competitor may not be having so much volume 
of super alloy. So, that can be the reason for that. 
Khush Nahar: 
In the order book, what will be the split between fixed contract price and the variable? So, we 
have majorly fixed prices only whenever we are booking - 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
No, we are having the fixed price only. Variable price, I think nobody is giving as of now. Except 
earlier we had some orders from the space, but that space order already exhausted as we have 
almost completed it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
A few questions from my side. The first one is, if you can break the revenue that we achieved 
this quarter between super alloy, Titanium, and specialty steel? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
We had almost if you see 20% from Superalloys, 9% from Titanium alloys and 34% from 
maraging steel, 27% from special steel and 10% from others. In this case I am talking about the 
total period ended up to December 2023. And coming to that, if you see compared to same period 
last financial year for December 2022, Superalloys was 8%, Titanium alloys was 13%, then we 
had hardened steel 55%, special steel 18% and 6% others. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
Amit Dixit: 
A more strategic level question. So, recently the government has come up with the increased 
FDI in the space sector. Just wanted to understand the implications for us whether there will be 
increased competition in the space that might impact us or this also means that the endeavor of 
the government is to increase the ventures in space and therefore the market potential for us 
would also get significantly increased, how do you see it, just wanted to get your thoughts on 
this? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
FDI in space is definitely going to give lot of advantages for the space industry per se. And in 
space, MIDHANI is I think one of the major suppliers of raw materials. Because the raw 
materials supply for space goes from MIDHANI, which is already established. But then in fact, 
many other players are also developing the materials, they are also seeing the potential. So, it 
will not only because of FDI, even due to other investment in the space sector, there is going to 
be a good market, but also at the same time we will have the challenge also so that there will be 
competition in the market. So, we also have to take part in that competition and be prepared to 
take the challenge and get the orders. But definitely it is going to benefit the industry. But the 
margin which we expect from the space sector, pressure on the margin will be there because the 
moment you are going for the competitive bidding and all, whatever margin we operate today 
probably that margin we have to cut down and see that we can grab the order. 
Amit Dixit: 
Tagging along with the earlier participant's question, if we look at our EBITDA margin, it has 
gone down quarter-by-quarter, I mean in Q4, we had this margin of 29% and now it is down to 
14.2%. While some of it might be attributable to your higher proportion of Superalloys and lower 
proportion of Titanium, just wanted to understand that for going ahead FY'25 let us say when 
things would be a little bit normalized, what kind of margin and what kind of revenue growth 
can we build in? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
You have rightly pointed out we have seen in Q2 also, in Q3 also, there is a pressure because of 
the raw material price. Sometimes the price of Nickel will affect, sometimes prices of molly will 
be affecting, sometimes cobalt. So, these things are going to be there in the market as we 
progress. Today, if the Nickel is down, it may go up again because do not know what is the 
geopolitical situation it is governed by that only. There is a chance that again there may be some 
spike, some further downward trend I am not expecting for the raw material, there will be 
increase in volume as we progress. This is one aspect. Second part for the MIDHANI because 
this year we have totally transformed our product profile and this transformation is the transition 
year for MIDHANI. And next year, when we are entering in that, further, our proportion of 
Superalloys is going to increase in our supply chain. There is no doubt. But we are going to 
stabilize it now. I think this year is some sort of a transition.  Next year we definitely will come 
back to our original one, but original one, whatever we had earlier margin of more than 25% that 
sort I am not expecting. I will be saying that if we are able to reach 20, 20+, within 20 it will be 
very good for the Company. And I also think that we should also operate on that level because 
if you are aiming for 25, 30, then you will be losing lot of orders coming from the international 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
market or domestic market. That is not good for the Company having installed so much capacity, 
so much production, volume, and all. We should try to increase our volume and that way in 
absolute terms, your profit will increase, but the percentage terms it may remain on the lower 
side. So, that part we have to balance and I am seeing that possibility is there in the next year, 
because many things are lined up where I see these things will be coming in that way. Even for 
the domestic requirement also today, everybody is aware what is the international price. So, 
while we go for the domestic negotiation and price also, they will compare and then based on 
that only they will give you the orders. So, it is that type of situation, unlike earlier which was 
something not known, and now because of a lot of private companies also are coming, and as 
somebody was saying that FDI, so the investment is coming in a big way because people see the 
Defence industry and space sector is going to pick up two times, three times in the next five 
years. So, definitely people are going for increasing their capacity, they are going to acquire the 
technology, they are going to get the investment. Now, in the next four, five years I think a lot 
of capacity addition will come in India. So, that is for the Indian market and for international 
market also, the sector where we are operating, that's my perception. 
Amit Dixit: 
And what kind of revenue growth can we pencil in, sir? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
We are targeting (+20). 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Prabir from Ratnabali. Please go ahead. 
Prabir: 
Sir my question is regarding CAPEX and the customer advances. Like in the last five years, the 
accumulated CAPEX was roughly around say 800 crores. So, is there any link that you use your 
customer advances for the CAPEX? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Advances from customer is not coming now. It comes in a few cases and it will be based on the 
project only, a very miniscule number. It is not like earlier times where we used to get . 
Prabir: 
My question is, have you used your customer advances to build CAPEX? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Not now. Earlier, we have done this. I think you wanted to know that in 800 crores of 
commissioning how much customer has given the money? 
Prabir: 
Yes. 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Only one I will mention here, we have got around 400 plus crores from the customer. That is 
only for the Wide Plate Mill which already we have commissioned. But for all other CAPEX, it 
is from our own resources only. Again, the CAPEX loan, we have also done from our internal 
source of fund generation from there only. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
Prabir: 
Sir, my next question is related to the competitive landscape. In terms of capability, how do you 
see you are there right now in India compared to others, as FDI is also coming so this competition 
is expected to grow rapidly. So, I just want to understand the capability of the companies that 
are there which is in the same domain that you are now? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Yes, this is a very good question. I will try to make it very brief. See, first of all, you have told 
about the other players in this area where MIDHANI is working. It's true that we are getting 
competition within the country and not only within country, earlier also we used to get from the 
outside also. Today, I will say many places, not only India, but we are also getting competition 
from the outside. In fact, if you see many supplies are coming from abroad today also where we 
are operating. So, it is not only the India and from abroad also it is there. So, competition will 
not come today only I will say, it is coming from the beginning. Now the only thing is that you 
are getting some other players so that quantity and volume level for us will be distributed. That 
problem is coming now. Otherwise, the competition was earlier also. Now, because of this type 
of competition, naturally you cannot get the orders with a bigger margin. It has to be on some 
optimum level. So, based on that only we are getting. But capability wise, MIDHANI is having 
excellent capability. Our technology, our domain of working, so much diversity, so much product 
profile, no other Company is having, probably you can compare in the world also if you see the 
type of product profile we are having by a single Company, you will not find maybe one and 
two companies will be there across the world. So, that way we are very much equipped and if 
something is down, something will be up, if nothing is down, so we have many things where we 
can take our Company growth based on the market potential. So, we are not having any dearth 
of that type of capability wise. But yes, in industry where we are operating and any industry per 
se, R&D, innovation and then developing the new product is the order of the day. So, that part 
also we are very much in line with a lot of product development. If you see this year itself, I was 
just saying that four, five alloys we have developed, we have exported and I am expecting that 
there will be a regular supply for that, and similarly for indigenization also. Two grades I have 
developed for our nuclear program, which already we have given to the BARC for evaluation. 
These things are very good potential for the Company for the future. MIDHANI is not working 
from today. If you see my development I will make the development for three years, four years 
after. So, probably whatever today I am developing I will get the advantage of four, five years. 
This is the culture, the way the Company has functioned. We never shy away that okay, today 
only if I am investing, next month only I should get the results. Many cases we are getting also. 
But my development is not focused only on the immediate revenue. This type of work Company 
is putting in good prospects. So, you'll find that will be going on same practice. 
Prabir: 
So, my next question is related to Nickel and Titanium. As most of these are imported materials, 
it's very volatile in nature. So, is there anything that is going on to supply these materials from 
domestic sources? I am asking this because India has a good reserve in Titanium. So, is there 
anything that is going on? 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
In Titanium, India is having the good results, but we are not able to make the response because 
of the lack of investment or technology and the economy of scale, there are number of factors. 
But now considering the global scenario, it has been decided that we should enhance our 
Titanium production capability. So, there is some work going on, MIDHANI also is part of that 
team. And recently you also might have seen that in March they announced that they are going 
to invest some 26,000 crores in Titanium and all. I am not getting those things. They will be 
doing some activity there. But whatever facility today we are already making the sponge in 
country, we are going to enhance it. Right now, the capacity is very less. Hardly, we are meeting 
almost 10% to 15% of our requirement. So, if we can increase the capacity by four to five times, 
we can get the entire from there only. And regarding Nickel, Nickel resource is there in the 
country. But someone has to acquire some mines, some facility elsewhere. This work is not in 
our domain because this is being done by, I think, the Ministry of Mines. They are trying to do 
something on the Nickel mining and Nickel production. So, that will come maybe afterwards. 
But Titanium, we are trying to take some action on that, so is the case for other raw materials 
also for a strategic in nature, for the Defence requirement, there also some activity has started, 
and at the appropriate time, we will inform you that what is the outcome of that type of activity. 
Prabir: 
Can you please help us by saying your three to five years potential order pipeline? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
I can talk about today's condition, and I am not forecasting for the next three years, five years. 
But just to give you the overall, the way the Defence is operating or space, Defence, we have 
one thing that for LCA has picked up, LCA is going to be the good numbers, missile requirements 
has gone up, missile export is just ticking up, we have the LCA also. So, we will have that type 
of potential in the future. But currently we are operating with around Rs. 1,750 Cr. order book 
and so, but many orders are there in the pipeline. So, once it gets materialized, we will inform 
you. Indigenization is the major thrust now by the ministry also. So, a lot of things are planned 
accordingly. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Dipen Vakil from In Cred Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Earlier, you mentioned that you are currently in the transformation of the product profile for 
your Company. So, can you talk us a little bit more about your upcoming products and their use 
case as to where you are targeting the use case to come from? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Some background noise is there. I will request you to repeat your question. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So, basically what I was asking is that you mentioned that currently your product profile is in a 
transformational stage. So, can you tell us about your new upcoming products in the near future 
like say next one year or so? And your targeted use case as to where do you see this product 
being utilized, whether in the space division, aircraft division, engine manufacturing division, 
where do you see the thrust coming from? 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
This is also a very important one. What I am saying is that today, MIDHANI's potential and 
where there is a scarcity of raw material is in the aerospace. And when I say in the aerospace, I 
say mainly about the aero engines. And aero engines not only for our aerospace requirement, 
even for the energy sector also for making some turbines, for energy power sector, and also in 
the high-end of the oil and gas. So, these two areas, the requirement of Superalloys that is for 
Nickel-based alloys, extensive requirement is there. And there only I see the potential where the 
Nickel-based alloys, Titanium alloys and also the cobalt-based Superalloys, then some of the 
special steels also like maraging steels and we have some precipitation hardened steel because 
steel is a very wide range. But when I am talking about steel, we are all talking about the high-
end steel only. And some of those Superalloys we have, iron is prominent. So, in that area I see 
there's a lot of potential. Many discussions and all we have done, and we are also trying to see 
that how we can enter in the domestic aerospace because if you see today many aerospace 
manufacturing companies like Tata Advanced Systems and other companies, Safran and also the 
Pratt & Whitney, the raw material is coming from the outside, then they process here and then 
they will export it or use in our domestic requirement. So, I think that area is a very potential 
one. They are also interested but now they are getting difficulty in getting the raw material from 
the outside. So, we are trying to fill that gap and to the best of our ability that quantity wise. So, 
that area we are working extensively. I think this will be the future for MIDHANI and you will 
see in our next financial year also that type of supplies will be more and more. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Any CAPEX plans or like where are we in the CAPEX plans with Defence corridors, are we 
setting up new facilities and how do you see it going ahead? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Defence corridor, people are there, but my vision for my Company is to serve the material 
requirement in Defence corridor. See, normally, MIDHANI type of Company to multiply it in 
the Defence corridor. Gestation time is very high, like a lot of money you have to invest and then 
you require for the next four, five years. So, that much CAPEX getting blocked for so much 
years may not be an advantage for the Company. But other than that, in this complex itself we 
can enhance our capacity in a very short time. So, we are doing regularly here. This year also 
we are investing around 80 crores in the CAPEX and similar things planned for the next year 
also, and maybe it can get increased also depending for some of the equipment’s which we are 
planning to buy. So, that is one area which we have many things like earlier also have told we 
have the plan for additive manufacturing for metal powder, it's a very unique business but that 
equipment we are now allowed to get because of certain restrictions coming from the European 
countries. And another part is that we are also trying to have 8,000-ton compacting press. There 
also again it has to come from the European countries only. So, these are the challenges we are 
facing now. So, the CAPEX is in that level. But in small CAPEX also, we have many things like 
our bar and wire drawing facility we have modernized fully and still a lot of equipment’s are yet 
to come. So, that will be one area where our business is going to increase drastically. We have a 
lot of requirement. We also have one bar and rod, a very old plant, so that we are trying to see 
that we can set up a new one for that. In fact our cold rolling facility also is very old. So, many 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
things are there for the modernization, then some of the revamping for the additional facility. 
So, these things are in the form of CAPEX. How much we can take it, how much we can invest, 
that depends on our resource generations and all. But it is a regular affair, we have to use CAPEX 
to enhance our productivity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Parimal Mithani: 
I wanted to clarify your clarification that you guided for 20% growth going forward with 
improved margins. What makes you so confident about it, sir, if you can let us know? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Good morning. You are telling me about the confidence level? 
Parimal Mithani: 
That is for 20% growth going forward, what gives you that optimism so like going ahead? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
If you are following MIDHANI, then you might have seen a lot of additional new facilities have 
come. So, definitely we are going to get the output coming from that. We are focused on more 
Titanium, Superalloys on that side. That that will come from there. Our melting and downstream 
facilities, lot of things are there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Malay Sameer from Breakthroughs in Stock Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Malay Sameer: 
I just heard you say that MIDHANI is a unique Company with a large size and amongst the best 
in the world. Can you quantify two areas where you feel that your competitive advantage is way, 
way ahead of the competition including the world competition? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
You want only the two areas, so, we have a very strong R&D and technological base. This is the 
one part we are having. And the second part is that we have a very committed workforce. So, I 
think these two factors only are responsible for this. 
Malay Sameer: 
Sir, this R&D is Indigenous, or have you sourced it from somewhere or is it an area which does 
not allow others to progress quickly? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
I cannot tell you about other sources , but I will say about whatever in house R&D capabilities 
we are having that I can tell you. Our R&D is based on the very longstanding. We have not 
started today. The foundation of MIDHANI only if you see in 1973 when the Company was 
established, it came out from the DMRL i.e., Defence Metallurgical Research Laboratory, 
located next to MIDHANI. Our boundary wall itself is what we are sharing with the DMRL is 
DRDO lab. In addition to that, MIDHANI also is having very good support from ISRO because 
ISRO, when they started developing the materials in their initial phase, their entire R&D team 
has worked here and based on that so many developments took place. In addition to that, nuclear 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
side I would say. Nuclear side also, if you see today PFBR, i.e., Prototype Fast Breeder Reactor 
in Kalpakkam, the entire material development program was carried out in MIDHANI, and it 
was supplied to them. So, like that, we have history. Like the missile DRDO cluster, we are in 
the missile cluster. Missile cluster if you see Agni, Prithvi then Astra, then Nag, Helina, 
RUDRAM, all missiles development started with the MIDHANI material only. So, when the 
volume is increasing for those types of requirements, definitely, we have our share, and our 
business potential is also increasing. So, it is not based on only one day. It is almost over a period 
of time. So, I will say one of our biggest strengths. So, while working we are also getting the 
support from these labs which I have mentioned, but the core team is MIDHANI, equipment 
from MIDHANI, our team is innovative, we have the equipment development facility, we can 
make the equipment as per the customer requirement. So, there are many things which the 
Company is inherent in other things, which probably are different from the other competitors 
which they have started now only. Probably they will also build up. 
Management: 
MIDHANI has developed over the period more than a thousand types of alloys for various 
applications. So, that is the base. Now whatever the new alloys which is required from that base 
people are so confident and knowledgeable and they can develop any alloy for any application. 
So, that is the biggest strength of MIDHANI which no other will have. They will have only over 
the period, but this is the base which we have started as the R&D institution and that is the major 
strength of MIDHANI. 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
That's what I told in one of my presentations at the laboratory that our turnaround time means 
getting success rate of MIDHANI alloy development is almost 100%. Give us any composition, 
any alloys, MIDHANI can manufacture in one go only. This is the strength which MIDHANI is 
having. 
Malay Sameer: 
My last question is that for further technological development, are you getting continued support 
for any new inventions in R&D that they may have which will speed up the process of your 
developments. Two, are you just self-dependent in progress in technology from here on. 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Today, we are developing material for AMCA. AMCA is a new program in Defence it has come. 
So, AMCA is planned out by DRDO. We are with the DRDO, GTRE, DRML. We are working 
with the requirements for Adour in this canal and some of the strategic programs for Indian 
Navy, all the things are going on. Now also, I am trying to see some of the technological 
developments. We are getting some ToT also is coming. So, we have a very wide, wide range 
and many things are almost like a strategic in nature. Strategic one, we are having that part is 
totally different. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
Amit Dixit: 
The first one is that there was a very impressive order inflow in this quarter of Rs.513 crores. Is 
it possible to break it up into different sub-segments like firms, etc.? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Last quarter, I think the main one was aerospace, that is from HAL, we have got around 370 
crores of order. And other one is we have also got from the DRDO, that is from the GTRE. Then 
also we have received from the DAE. So, some of this mixed order is there, but they are all very 
unique ones, highly a special one I will say. Many orders are the first of its kind. And if we are 
able to deliver it on time, we will have a recurring requirement not only for MIDHANI, it is 
flight for the nation because aerospace order, which we received from HAL is very much 
required for our indigenization of some of the fleets of air force. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, what is this order regarding, I mean, if you can explain a bit about it? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
This is for the aerospace requirement. 
Amit Dixit: 
I know there is just one month left, but how much order we have booked so far in Q4 and what 
do we expect until March? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
In Q4 Rs.250 crores so far. But there is a potential that we will get maybe coming from the spill 
over for the next year. 
Amit Dixit: 
Coming to the Rohtak armor factory and wide plate mill, so how much revenue we have booked 
from these two facilities in the last quarter or even if you mention the nine months, I mean, that 
would be fine? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
In case of wide plate mill, order booking for the plates which we have in fact backlog was there 
for ISRO so that we have completed extensively for this year from our plate mill, plates we have 
supplied Rs. 200 - 250 crores. 
Amit Dixit: 
And Armour factory, sir? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Armour, we have the backlog of orders that only we are executing. Fresh orders in this financial 
year so far, we have got very few, maybe around 10 crores. But we have the backlog of the orders 
that is now, and one order is there which is already for negotiation it is there, so that has not 
come so far, it will come maybe in a couple of months. 
Amit Dixit: 
At one point in time, sir, you mentioned that the revenue booking can be almost 500 crores 
annually from both of these facilities individually. So, where we are, I mean, in terms of run rate 
and do you expect it -? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Which I already have told that that this part almost we have done around Rs.200 on wide plate 
mill. And for Armour order booking, we have not taken any orders in fact, there are some orders 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
were pending, but since we are not having that capability to execute those things, we have not 
taken, but this current financial year we will be almost coming with that domain only. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, you hinted at it in the last answer, but just would like to extend it a bit more. In naval 
platforms in particular, we are seeing a lot of frigates, I mean, being built in submarines. So, 
naval platform at least the execution part is going on significantly well and there are few other 
orders on anvil. So, what kind of share we see from naval platforms and how is it going to 
increase in future? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
. Submarine order quantity and all, we are not supposed to put in the public domain. I will say a 
good potential is there and they are also cyclic in nature. Once this one fleet is over, maybe go 
for the second one. But that program also has picked up. And that is the reason why in our 
revenue, once we are talking about the Defence, covering a very good percentage coming from 
the strategic platform. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, the next question is, there was a thought about and when we visited the factory, we saw that 
you had good plans to increase Titanium capacity. Just wanted to understand where we are there 
and what kind of capacity increment, we can expect over the next two years? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
In Titanium, our order book has gone up substantially. The only thing is that there is a problem 
in the sponge supply. And that plant which you have seen that also initial trial already we have 
conducted with the steel. And now with the Titanium also, we have taken a few melts. We are 
waiting for the sponge supply which we have to import from Kyrgyzstan. So, once the sponge 
comes, we will start the melting also from that furnace. But furnace is almost ready for taking 
the melting. And once the furnace starts, it will have the advantage of processing the Titanium 
and we can process up to 1,000 tons, MIDHANI can go to that level. 
Amit Dixit: 
This is contingent on of course on the orders and everything else? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Today, orders in Titanium is not the issue. We are not able to execute the order because of the 
constraint in the supply of the sponge. So, I see that the market will have a good potential in the 
future. Next year, we will get the good advantage of this. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have is the data keeping question mainly. If you could just let us know the contract assets and 
customer advances as on December-end? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
Our orders are not like a contract. We are getting the purchase order and that order we are getting 
regularly, many numbers will be there will be in our book, some order maybe 5 crore, some 
order maybe for 1 crore, some order maybe from 20 crores. So, only the bulk one I am informing 
as per the SEBI guidelines which is for HAL order, we have already communicated to you. And 
earlier to that we got from L&T, that also we have communicated for ISRO requirement. But the 

 
Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
 
other things are coming and also some of the Defence order like more than 100 crores that we 
are communicating but we get the many split orders. 
Amit Dixit: 
When we visited your factory, there was a thing that there are lot of components within the 
engine that we can indigenize and looking at the order and potential inflow for HAL particularly 
for LCA Mark 1A, let us say the engine cost is X, so how much is our share in that at this point 
in time and how much we are targeting let us say in the next four to five years? 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
And that's why I told in the opening remark also, transformation of MIDHANI is there this year. 
Why I have told because many alloys which we are developing are for targeting the aero engine 
only. And in the case of aero engines, there will be extensive certification, extensive testing, 
extensive evaluation. So, we are passing through that phase. In that process, many of the art 
equipment’s already we have commissioned and doing a lot of testing and all. In addition to that 
for aerospace requirements, as you talked about the HAL, HAL is not making the aero engine 
today, only they are doing the overhauling. In overhauling of the aero engine already they are 
doing overhauling only for the Adour that is for the Jaguar aircraft. So, for that, we have a regular 
supply now. For all Adour engine requirements, MIDHANI is supplying critical components 
going to Adour engines which we are giving. And also, for LCA now it is coming from GE. GE 
engine once after this MoU, if the GE starts setting up the manufacturing in India, we are trying 
to see that how maximum alloys we can make within the country only. So, far, the commitment 
has not come from them that they are going to take the alloys from India depending on the 
indigenization content. But there is a move from our side that before they come here, whatever 
alloys they are using, we are supplying to their own like GE US we are giving some alloys now. 
And they are also trying to getting certification by certain S400 laboratories and all. So, we are 
in this process. So, that when they come to India, they should not say that, okay Indian alloys or 
Indian industry is not available. On that side, we are working extensively. It will be useful in the 
future. But on the Indian side for LCA India, still we have to wait for some time till the GE starts 
working. But for our own indigenization program of dry engine, already we have supplied a lot 
of materials, MIDHANI material has been used. Now those engines have been tested, they are 
working well. So, that side is moving well, no problem. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit for his closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. Thanks everyone for attending the call this morning. And I would also like to thank the 
management for very patiently explaining to us the outlook and the prospects. I would like to 
invite Dr. Jha for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Sanjay Kumar Jha: 
First of all, thank you all for giving support to MIDHANI. You know that we are a very multi-
product type of a Company. So, many ups and downs will come in between when we start taking 
the new step forward. But you might have seen that our turnaround time also is very less, because 
of that potential only we are able to survive. So, many alloys which we have developed and 

Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited 
February 27, 2024 
exported to the different companies this year, and also our indigenization of our Indian 
requirement has come in a very short time. So, I really compliment my entire MIDHANI team, 
my Director  Production & Marketing also is sitting in front of me, all my marketing persons, 
finance persons and Company Secretary and the entire MIDHANI team. A wonderful job people 
are doing here. The only thing is that there is a fear always in the mind of the people that how 
we will be able to survive in the future, what will the fate of the Company, somewhat it is 
required also. Without pressure, if you become complacent, then you cannot perform. So, I see 
in the positive aspects that whatever we have the competition and once people like you give the 
input and you ask the challenging questions and then once we try to answer, we will see that 
from which place we are having the weakness, and we will try to see that how we can solve 
those types of things. But overall, we are moving towards a better future not only for the 
Company, and the country as a whole, and we should feel proud. In fact, this is the one area 
which MIDHANI is there for materials. If India takes the lead in that material side, then only we 
can say that if ISROs growth is growth for developed country. So, material is the core I will say. 
And we are addressing the core issue for the country. So, that type of feeling we are having once 
we are working today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities, 
that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
Note: Rephrasing is done in order to bring clarity wherever required. 
