 
Regd. Office: E-18, Defence Colony, New Delhi 110024, Ph No.011- 44114411 www.medanta.org, info@medanta.org, CIN: L85110DL2004PLC128319 
   February 14, 2024 
  
   Ref: - GHL/2023-24/EXCH/107 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543654 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: MEDANTA 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday,                        
February 9, 2024, hosted by Motilal Oswal, for the Third Quarter and Nine Months ended                        
December 31, 2023 Results, is enclosed herewith. 
The Transcript is also available at our website: https://www.medanta.org/investor-relation  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
For Global Health Limited     
 
 
 
 
 
Rahul Ranjan 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. A17035 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
RAHUL 
RANJAN
Digitally signed 
by RAHUL 
RANJAN 
Date: 2024.02.14 
14:46:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Medanta – Global Health Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. NARESH TREHAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
MR. PANKAJ SAHNI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND DIRECTOR – MEDANTA – GLOBAL 
HEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
MR. YOGESH KUMAR GUPTA - GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
 
MR. RAVI GOTHWAL – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
MEDANTA – GLOBAL HEALTH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TUSHAR MANUDHANE – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMTIED 
 
 
 
 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Medanta Global Health 3Q-FY24 Earnings 
conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Manudhane. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks, Sagar. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all the participants on the Global 
Health Limited 3Q FY24 Earnings call hosted by Motilal Oswal. Joining with us today from the 
management side, we have Dr. Naresh Trehan, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Pankaj 
Sahni, Group CEO and Director, and Mr. Ravi Gothwal, Head, Investor Relations. Over to you, 
Naresh, sir. 
Dr. Naresh Trehan: 
Good afternoon to all of you and welcome to Medanta's Q3, FY24 earnings call. I am also 
pleased to welcome Mr. Yogesh Kumar Gupta as our Group CFO and he is with us on this call. 
Now, coming to Q3 FY24 results, we have yet again delivered strong operational and financial 
performance. 
 
More importantly, our clinical expertise, quality infrastructure, technology and compassionate 
approach are all aligned to ensure the best outcomes to our patients. The success of our strategy 
is visible in the growing patient footfalls across our facilities and also encourages us to serve 
more and more people in areas where these kind of facilities are required. 
During the quarter, Medanta Group became the first hospital in India to use advanced AI-enabled 
Penumbra Lightning technology for treating patients who have suffered a very severe case of 
pulmonary embolism, which means that blood clots from the legs have gone into the lungs and 
are life-threatening. In the past, the patient in this condition will either have to be given very 
high doses of blood thinners, which led to many complications, or we would have to operate on 
them physically removing the clots. Now, this was all very high risk for the patient, but with the 
introduction of the AI-enabled Penumbra Lightning technology, we have been able to suck these 
clots out with the AI-monitored, assisted device which sucks out these clots, only the clots, not 
the blood. The patient suffers very minimum trauma to the body and is relieved immediately of 
the lack of oxygen that was happening because the pulmonary arteries were choked and lungs 
could not function. Overall, this has been a great advantage from the patient's point of view and 
a great technological movement forward. 
Second, Medanta Lucknow has also launched advanced NICU ambulance and child 
development center amid growing demand for quality mother and child care health services. 
And this was much needed in the community because many newborns were losing their life 
because immediate care was not available to them. With the introduction of the NICU 
ambulance, we are now able to pick them up immediately and bring them to our NICU, that is 
the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, which is a very large unit at our Lucknow facility and has been 
able to save many lives. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Medanta Patna has just launched a comprehensive cancer institute. Now, this cancer care 
program, which includes the most advanced radiation oncology machine, known as the Varian 
Edge, is the first of its kind in that part of the country. And Patna is now one of the most advanced 
facilities for cancer treatment because the precision with which the Varian Edge machine can 
deliver radiation to add a focus to where the cancer is without damaging the surrounding tissue 
is much more precise. With the introduction of this, I think the patients of all of Bihar will benefit 
hugely. 
Overall, as a group, we continue to explore territories where we can make a difference in the 
standard of healthcare delivery. At Medanta, patient wellbeing is at the heart of our strategy and 
these values will continue to guide our decision making as we move forward in other locations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our group CEO, Mr. Pankaj Sahni, who will provide 
an update on quarterly results and walk you through them. Thank you. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, Dr. Trehan. Good afternoon and welcome to everyone for our Q3 FY24 earnings 
call. First of all, I would like to introduce our new CFO, Mr. Yogesh Gupta. He has joined us 
yesterday. He was appointed in our board meeting, as you would have heard. He is a highly 
experienced and accomplished chartered accountant with 27 years of experience in finance, 
accounting and commercial management across diverse industries, including pharmaceutical, 
manufacturing, retail and healthcare. He joins us from Sheares Healthcare. While during his 
career journey, he was also a vital part of various other organisations such as Maxh Healthcare, 
Fortis, TPG, Reliance Retail and Ranbaxy. 
Now, coming to our quarterly financial performance, we have concluded yet another quarter 
with strong all-round operational and financial performance. Medanta reported consolidated 
total income of INR 8,545 million, a strong growth of 21% year-on-year. The growth was driven 
by higher patient volumes across our hospitals and ARPOB growth at our Gurugram facility. 
 
EBITDA was INR 2,340 million, which is a growth of 36% year-on-year. EBITDA margins 
increased by 305 basis points from 24.3% in Q3 FY23 to 27.4% in Q3 FY24. Improvement in 
EBITDA margins is mainly because of higher operating leverage. Profit after tax was INR 1,235 
million, a growth of 53% year-on-year.  PAT margins improved by 304 basis points year-on-
year to 14.5%.  
As I have highlighted in earlier calls, our growth is led largely by patient volume growth, which 
is reflected in higher IPD volumes, which increased by 13% year-on-year. Average occupied 
bed days for the quarter increased by 15% year-on-year, representing an occupancy of 64% for 
the group. 
As anticipated, there is seasonal dip in occupancy levels at matured hospitals on a sequential 
basis on account of various festivities in the quarter. However, this was offset by higher 
occupancy growth at Lucknow and Patna. ARPOB grew by 4% year-on-year to INR 60,571 in 
Q3 FY24, primarily driven by increases in tariffs and realisations at our Gurugram unit. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Developing hospitals, which comprise of Lucknow and Patna, registered strong growth of 33% 
year-on-year. Revenue share increased from 29% in Q3 FY23 to 32% in Q3 FY24, amounting 
to INR 2,742 million. Developing hospitals' EBITDA share increased from 37% in Q3 FY23 to 
41% in Q3 FY24, amounting to INR 968 million. 
Mature hospitals also registered strong revenue growth of 17% year-on-year and EBITDA 
growth of 37% year-on-year, amounting to INR 5,875 million and INR 1484 million 
respectively. During the quarter, international patient revenue increased by 6% year-on-year to 
INR 473 million, driven by increased volumes and realisation. 
Our OPD pharmacy business continues to register consistent growth. Revenue increased by 28% 
year-on-year to INR 287 million in Q3 FY24.  
We continue to strengthen our core and have on-boarded 253 doctors in the nine-month ended 
December '23 against the same period last year. Out of 253 doctors, 159 doctors were added in 
our mature facilities, while 94 doctors were added in developing hospitals.  
We have incurred capex of approximately INR 1,770 million during nine-month-ended 
December '23, out of which 66%, which is INR 1,170 million, was incurred towards our Noida 
hospital project. Overall, our balance sheet remains well capitalised to fund future expansion 
and growth plans. 
Coming to a few updates on our bed expansion. As you are aware, our Noida Hospital 
construction is underway, this is on-track, with about 82% of the superstructure completed. 
Mechanical, electrical and plumbing work is currently under progress, with the hospital expected 
to commence operations by the end of FY25. We expect to add another 140-150 beds in 
Lucknow and approximately 30-40 beds in Patna by the end of March 2024. 
 
In Medanta Gurugram, we are in the process of converting one of the floors, which had 
approximately 60 beds to day care for our medical oncology chemotherapy procedures. In 
addition, we are adding approximately 50 beds more for our mother and child unit.  
In Q3 FY24, Medanta and DLF Limited had incorporated a SPV company by the name of GHL 
Hospitals Limited to construct and operate our super-specialty Medanta Hospital in South Delhi. 
With this, I am now happy to take any questions from the participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first line of 
question would be from Tushar Manudhane. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Yes, while the question queue assembles, just a couple of questions from my side. Sir, we have 
a good amount of cash available on the balance sheet, while we have grown organically, you 
know, since inception, so how to think about the usage of surplus cash? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you, Tushar. So, there are two or three stated strategies which we have articulated over 
various conference calls. For the most part, these strategies remain consistent. The first one, as 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
I have mentioned many times, is of course to continue the various build-outs that have already 
been planned and disclosed.  
Most immediate amongst them, of course is Noida, followed by the scale-up in our remaining 
hospitals, which are already constructed, as well as now the build-out of our facilities in Delhi 
as that project comes on board. We are, of course, also continuing to look at opportunities beyond 
these stated six or seven hospitals. And as those come on board and become definitive, we will 
be sharing them in due course with all of you. 
The second aspect, when you think about the utilization of our cash, of course, we are looking 
at growth opportunities beyond our organic. And as we have mentioned in the past as well, that 
we are always open to looking at what potential opportunities may come in, provided they meet 
the criteria that we have very clearly laid out in many of our presentations, as well as our annual 
report, around ensuring that they are able to continue to create assets for us that deliver the 
highest quality of healthcare and provide healthcare in areas where we feel it makes a difference 
in the quality to serve in those communities. 
We feel that the opportunities in healthcare delivery, as well as in its ancillary industries are 
quite strong and we continue to remain optimistic about them. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sure. So, can you also update on Indore project? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Our Indore project, as we had articulated last time, is still undergoing various due-diligence 
processes. We need to make sure that everything that we do is 100% transparent, above board, 
and completely in line with our values and ethics. We do not want to rush into anything where 
the due-diligence and the legal processes of ensuring 100% compliance to the various real estate 
and construction approvals, etc are in place. And therefore, we continue to wait for our partners 
to obtain the necessary approvals before moving forward. 
We are also continuing to evaluate opportunities in Indore, in our existing facility scale-up, as 
well as opportunities that remain with our partner who we have engaged with, as well as 
opportunities that may be above and beyond that. But we will not move forward until we have 
complete clarity and transparency on the appropriate regulatory requirements. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thank you, sir. I will join back in the queue. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi. Good afternoon and congrats on a good set of numbers. Just one question around ARPOB. 
 
We are seeing that most of your peers, competitors are reporting very high ARPOB growth this 
year, in the range of 15% and above. As I understand, there has been quite a few revisions in 
insurance rates, CGHS rates, etc. this year, which is helping people, apart from, of course, maybe 
some case. 
 
I was wondering why your ARPOB growth is much lower at around 4% levels. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Management: 
Is that the complete question? 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Yes, yes. 
Management: 
Okay. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So, a couple of points. First of all, when you look at our growth across units, both developing as 
well as the mature unit, as well as the developing units, you will find that, unlike many in the 
industry, our growth has been driven mostly by volume growth. Dor the quarter, we see about 
13% growth in inpatient footfalls, 15% growth in occupied bed days. 
 
And the same applies for the nine-month period, about 17% growth in inpatient footfalls, and 
about 16% growth in occupied bed days. And when you look at this for our mature hospitals as 
well, it is not only the new hospitals that are showing volume growth, our mature hospitals are 
also growing very well on the volumes. So, we are very happy with the kind of volume growth 
that is coming. 
 
And much of our revenue growth is actually driven by volumes. What this means is that we have 
not been forced to resort to tariff increases to drive the revenue growth. We've always maintained 
that the tariffs which we charge to the public should be as reasonable as possible, both in our 
newer facilities as well as our mature facility. 
 
Just to give you a sense, we did take some tariff increases in our Gurgaon facility, starting in 
January 2023, and that was continuing out till about April 2023. We've also seen the tariff 
increases from the CGHS and some of the insurance renegotiations. But frankly speaking, these 
tariff increases are not really the largest driver of our revenues. 
 
Also, to let everybody know, we've seen very strong growth in Lucknow and Patna. And 
Lucknow has not taken a tariff increase since it started four years ago. And Patna also has not 
taken a tariff increase since it started two years ago.Again, in these developing hospitals, we see 
very strong momentum. Therefore, we have felt that it makes sense to retain the tariffs at the 
rates they are, again, with the same philosophy that I articulated earlier. So, we continue to 
believe that our topline growth should be taken in a measured manner. 
 
We are quite happy with the growth that we see in Gurgaon, the mature hospitals actually having 
grown a little bit higher than the 4% which you see at the consolidated level. So, that are the 
reasons. Some of these are intentional strategies, and some of them are because of the high 
growth in volume. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Understood. So, it's a very good thing that your growth is primarily driven by volume. It shows 
the quality. 
 
But at the same time, at an industry level, I was just asking for the purpose of understanding. 
When the insurance negotiations happen and all the other facilities around you take a 10% or 
15% increase, wouldn't those kinds of increases apply to you as well from the same insurance 
companies or CGHS, etc.? I mean, how does the industry practice work? 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Couple of points to clarify for your understanding. I think the first thing to understand is that 
there are actually different payer categories, and the tariffs apply differently to those payer 
categories across the industry. First of all, when it comes to payer categories like CGHS, ECHS, 
you will see from our presentation that our revenue mix for CGHS, ECHS, and these kind of 
scheme patients is quite low. 
 
Only about 10%, 12% comes from CGHS patients, about 9%, in fact, actually, we'll see on the 
investor presentation. So, it is not a very big part of our overall sales mix. That being said, in the 
industry, when CGHS tariffs increase, they increase for the industry as a whole, although there 
are some small deviations in rates depending on which state you operate in. That is how the 
industry tariffs move for CGHS.  
As far as the insurance companies go, both the nationalized insurance companies as well as the 
private insurance companies, these companies engage with commercial negotiations with each 
hospital or hospital group independently. In some cases, the hospital group may have the same 
negotiation rates across all of the units. 
 
And in some cases, these may be different for different units depending on individual strategies 
of hospital groups. So, those are far more commercial negotiations. And very typically, they 
would take some form of a baseline with respect to the cash tariff, which is published by the 
hospital. 
 
And then there is a discussion around how that moves with respect to the cash tariff. This is very 
often how the negotiations would move in the insurance. And then, of course, each hospital 
company or each hospital unit decides what its tariff strategy should be for the particular hospital 
in the market where they operate. 
 
As we have said, again, many times, in our case, just because we can take tariff increases doesn't 
mean we should take tariff increases. And we continue to maintain this approach with all of our 
assets. So, we do take tariff increases from time to time to ensure that we are able to manage the 
inflation, manage the input cost as well. But we try to do it in as reasonable a manner not so as 
not to create excessive burden on the patient population that we serve. I don't know if that 
answers your question both on the industry as well as our philosophy. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Yes, yes, that answers. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Damesha from Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Damesha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. On this retrofitting of a floor for medical oncology, I'm sure 
rationale would be demand for that service. But is there any meaningful difference in terms of 
profitability, return on investment that we would be doing here versus some of the other 
specialties? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I think the important point to note first before we get into the return on investment or profitability 
is that the medical oncology, specifically the chemotherapy, typically functions in two types or 
maybe three types of care. The first, of course, is where a patient, because of their particular 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
disease or their particular medical condition, sometimes there may be multiple comorbidities, 
requires admission and overnight stay, whether for one day or multiple days, depending on the 
medical condition of the patient. So, that typically gets treated in the inpatient care and the 
patient stays overnight. 
 
The second type of chemotherapy that is typically administered is what we call chemotherapy 
daycare, which happens across many hospitals around the world. And these are typical 
chemotherapy, which is medicine infusions into the patient, which has to be done in a hospital 
setting, but doesn't necessarily require the patient to stay overnight. Typically, we see these 
infusions are of two types. 
 
Some are shorter in duration. So, the medicine is delivered over maybe a one hour, two hour or 
three hour period. And some of these infusions take a little bit longer, maybe four to six hours. 
 
So, when it comes to how the medicine is administered, and of course, these are decisions which 
the doctors take individually based on each patient, you may find that a particular daycare bed 
may get utilized twice or thrice in a day, because if you're only required to administer the 
medicine over a course of, say, three hours, then that bed could, you know, in a nine hour period 
be utilized thrice or in an eight hour period be utilized twice. 
 
So, it really depends on what kind of disease the patient has and how that bed gets utilized. What 
we have found, and again, in line with our stated strategy many times is that if you look at the 
way in which healthcare gets delivered, there is no reason to keep a patient in hospital if the 
same treatment can safely and effectively be delivered on daycare basis. So, when you look at 
our length of stay, which across the industry is quite low, this has been in part an active strategy 
to try to get patients back home as soon as possible. We realized that there was no real need to 
keep patients overnight in certain medical oncology procedures, and that is why we took the 
decision to actually convert a complete inpatient ward into a chemotherapy daycare ward. Does 
that address your question? 
Kunal Damesha: 
Yes, on the business side, you know, how things operate here, but, some of you on the financial 
side, how kind of, you know, it helps us because I believe one of our peers has a very strong 
oncology contribution, you know, and that's been growing really fast as well as I think it also 
has a favorable profitability profile. So, is that the similar kind of trend that you are also 
witnessing? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, so two points I think in your question, let me try to split them out. The first is with respect 
to the profitability or the financial economics on medical oncology. You know, obviously a large 
part of the treatment in medical oncology is the actual chemotherapy drugs that are administered, 
and of course the clinical inputs given by the medical oncologists and cancer experts towards 
that. Also important to understand that typically cancer doesn't appear as one disease. There may 
be multiple situations with the patient associated with various comorbidities, etc., associated. 
So, the large part of the patient's bill in medical oncology is driven by the cost of the 
pharmaceutical chemotherapy drugs that are administered, and therefore the room rent kind of 
component is much lower because the patient doesn't need to stay for a long period of time. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
So, the economics is largely driven by the pharmaceutical consumables and the clinical input of 
the doctors. As far as your second question, which pertains to the contribution of cancer in 
general. See, it is important to understand each hospital looks at cancer slightly differently. 
 
If you look at our sales mix and also what was articulated in our various investor presentations 
over the quarters, we view cancer as a disease management group basis. We don't actually record 
all of our cancer care under the cancer tagline which you are seeing in our sales mix which is 
presented in the investor presentation. We actually show much of our surgical oncology in the 
various different aspects. 
 
For example, our uro-cancer, which is a prostate cancer and kidney cancer, that will be reflected 
in our kidney and urology institute. Our neuro-cancer, brain tumors, etc., would be reflected in 
our neurosciences institute. And our stomach cancer, GI cancer, colon cancer, pancreatic cancer, 
that will be reflected in our digestive institute. 
 
And our lung cancer, etc., will be reflected in our chest surgery institute. So, when you see 
cancer, and it's also included in the footnote, it really only includes medical oncology, radiation 
oncology, head and neck surgery, and breast surgery. All other surgical cancers are actually split 
out. 
So, if you look at our cancer contribution vis-a-vis most other big hospital groups as a percentage 
of the total revenue, it's more or less exactly the same. And that obviously makes sense because 
the incidence of disease occurred for all the hospitals the same way as in the country. So, I would 
assume most groups would have the same situation. It just depends on how you classify. 
Kunal Damesha: 
Sure, Great. Thank you on that detailed answer. And second one on the payer mix, now we have 
shown pretty strong growth. Our occupancy levels are also around 64%. At any point in time, 
are we planning to refine payer mix? Maybe one year down the line, it could come into play for 
us. Is there any plan there? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I think two parts again to this question. The first is it's important to understand what's happening 
in the industry as a whole. We do see, especially post-COVID, some momentum towards 
increased insurance penetration on the healthcare insurance side across the country. 
 
So, definitely our expectation is that over the next several years, I don't know whether that will 
be next year or next three years or next five years, but we do expect insurance penetration to 
increase. And therefore, the natural assumption would be that the insurance share of business 
for healthcare would increase. And maybe that would be at the expense of some of the cash 
patients. 
 
Now, overall, we believe that this is a good thing for the industry. It's a good thing for the country 
and of course, a good thing for patients. We actively support the increasing insurance penetration 
and insurance coverage, because obviously we want patients to be secured from what could 
potentially be devastating financial consequences of you know, sudden illnesses. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
So, I do believe that insurance sales mix will grow over time. As far as the other mix, whether 
it's our scheme business or some of the other mix that we have, we don't have any active strategy 
to move in one direction or the other. We believe that it's important to continue to serve as many 
sections of society as possible. 
 
And that is why we do take patients at slightly lower scheme rates. And we believe that we will 
continue to support that segment of the society and that segment of our patients. But we do also 
feel that with the increasing focus of healthcare in India, with the government's focus on medical 
value added travel, we do believe that as an industry, international business will grow and 
medical value added travel will grow. And obviously, hospitals will benefit from that increase 
as well. 
Kunal Damesha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi, on the new hospitals in Lucknow and Patna, we've had a very, very strong occupancy this 
quarter, about 71%. You talked about adding another 100-150 beds in Lucknow. Now, at the 
base where it is and with the occupancy that we've really got to, how do we see these two 
hospitals really moving ahead over the next two to three years? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Let me take both the units slightly separately. Let's first start with Lucknow. Our Lucknow unit 
has been doing very well and we've had very strong occupancy, especially this quarter. Some of 
it is also, of course, the hangover of Dengue, which extended quite long this year in Lucknow. 
But what we do see is over the last several years, I don't know if you've been party to those 
conversations around how our occupancies have grown. Last year, we had very high demand of 
critical care beds in Lucknow. So, we focused in on adding beds in the ICU. I think towards the 
end of financial year '23, we had added almost 50 or more beds in ICU because the ICUs were 
overflowing, and that demand continues to remain strong. 
 
This year, what we realized is that while we were able to provide ICU capacity, the demand for 
the ward beds has increased as well. So, we are actually adding in about 150 beds of ward 
capacity. We also find that the demand for our mother and child services is growing, both on the 
critical care side in the NICU and PICU, as well as on the ward side. 
 
So, you know we may be playing a little bit of catch up on demand. We had ICU demand, we 
built ICU beds, we have ward demand, we'll build ward beds. By the time we are done with this 
current build out, which we hope to conclude over the next couple of months, we will be almost 
at about 750 to 800 beds in Lucknow out of the total capacity of about 950 beds. 
 
So, the bulk of the hospital will be complete. And then we will take some decisions based on 
how this plays out as to how we want to add out the additional beds. The important thing for us, 
you know, is that we are far more focused on the bed days and the IPD volumes, because 
occupancy by just very nature of the metric is a moving target. You add capacity, the percentage 
will fall. You know, you took the capacity, the percentage will increase. We really internally 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
manage this much more through absolute volumes than the percentage occupancy, which is 
frankly just a derived number. That's the story in Lucknow.  
In Patna, what we've seen is that we continue to add the beds in Patna and we continue to roll 
that hospital out. We are at about 358 beds right now. There also we have a very strong need for 
additional ICU beds. We are actually currently in the middle of constructing two ICUs there, 
one of which we hope to come on board in the next few weeks and the other one probably in the 
first quarter of next year. And that should alleviate some of the burden because we are really 
choked on the ICU in Patna. 
 
We also have already fully utilized our dialysis capabilities there. So, we are adding in some 
dialysis beds, because again, while it wasn't really planned, the demand has been very high. And 
we're also building out our chemotherapy ward there to be able to provide the same kind of 
chemotherapy daycare services as I articulated in one of the earlier questions. 
 
As Dr. Trehan mentioned, we have inaugurated and launched our radiation oncology services in 
Patna this quarter, which is Q4, a few weeks ago actually. So, the complete suite of cancer 
services is now available and we do expect cancer work to grow across the board in Patna. So, 
this is how we are kind of building it out. 
 
I think by the time we are done with this current build out towards, you know, maybe the first 
quarter of next year, Patna will hit almost about 450 beds or so. And then we will  be able to 
complete one tower of the hospital and we'll have the second tower, which we will then again 
move towards building out as we move forward.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. We have lost the audio from your side. Ladies and gentlemen, the line for 
the management has been dropped. Please stay connected while we connect them back. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we have the management line connected back. So, you can go ahead.  
Pankaj Sahni:  
Hi, I'm sorry. I didn't realize. Where did you lose me? Did I complete the Lucknow story? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Lucknow was completed. You were talking about, you know, after the round of expansion, Patna 
is done. You'll be probably reaching about 450 odd beds there, 400 odd beds. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay, good. So, not too much you missed. So, you know, this round of expansion, which is 
currently already underway, we'll probably hit somewhere around 450 beds or so. It is possible 
we may add some specialties in Patna that is under discussion and we hope to be able to conclude 
on that by year end, which are not yet there. 
 
And that may require some additional beds to be put into the system. But as you're aware, the 
capacity of the facility is about 650 beds. So, once we get to about 450, maybe even, you know, 
closer to 500 beds, we'll have a fairly big sized hospital there. 
 
And then we look at the build out of the second tower, which typically will take about six to nine 
months because we have to put all the services into the second tower, etcetera. And then that 
will help us with the growth there. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
The other thing that I was mentioning, I think when the call dropped is that while it started late, 
our PPP business from the government of Bihar has now started really only kicking off towards 
the start of Q3. Now we do see some increase in patients coming in from the government of 
Bihar. So, we're very happy that we're able to serve those. 
So, depending on how that scales up, there may be additional demand for beds in Patna. But 
once again, as I mentioned earlier, we don't really worry too much about the occupancy 
percentage, as long as we are seeing good growth in the volumes and the bed days. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
If I can just probably squeeze a little bit on that. On the Patna, obviously, it's a relatively new 
hospital, you are a relatively long way to go. In Lucknow, I mean, when you take say, three, five 
years of the business, you know, while I understand you, the focus on metrics like volumes and 
occupied bed days, but is there enough there, I mean, can the Lucknow with the pace of the 
demand that you see, can the hospital take on the next three to five years of growth, which you 
can see in the region for yourself? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Is your question oriented around do I have enough capacity to meet the growth? Or is the 
question around is there enough demand? 
Nitin Agarwal: 
 
I think by the looks of it, capacity is a challenge, would be a challenge rather than demand 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I mean, I would broadly agree with you before. Just if you sit back and reflect on the state of 
UP, it is a population of 250 million, and really no high quality healthcare, definitely nothing of 
the size and quality of Medanta. So, probably we need five, six Medantas to come up in UP and 
that also will not be sufficient to meet the demand there.  
It's very interesting, obviously, because two, three years ago on investor calls and meetings, 
people used to ask us, why are you going to UP? I think those questions are well answered. And 
we had firm conviction in the need and our ability to deliver. And you're seeing that. 
 
So, I would agree with you. I think the real issue in Lucknow and UP will be, can you continue 
to meet this supply? Because the demand for high quality healthcare there of the highest standard 
with the highest ethics is, of course, very high. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So, how are you thinking about leveraging this opportunity? Is it -- are you looking to get into 
more cities in Lucknow? And at what time period does it begin to happen? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. So, we are definitely looking at opportunities in UP beyond Lucknow. Just to clarify, Noida 
also technically qualifies as UP, although it's part of NCR. We do believe that there is 
opportunities in Lucknow area, as well as in Eastern and Western UP both. And we are currently 
engaging in identifying and driving some opportunities in those regions. Obviously, as you're 
aware, we can't really disclose where we are until any of these things are definitive. 
 
But looking at UP beyond Lucknow and Noida is very much part of the agenda. And that process 
is actually already underway. We will, of course, relay that information to you as and when it 
becomes definitive. But I think there's no doubt about the opportunity in this area. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Thanks so much. Best of luck. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Shah from Canara Robecco Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Shah: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I had a few questions related to Patna. Most of them have been 
answered. But firstly, I just want to get a sense, with the addition of ICU beds and radiation 
oncology block, would we see any ARPOB growth from current levels? Because as of now, 
developing hospitals, ARPOB has been flattish. So any improvement can be expected there? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So I think two things, right. One, as you very rightly pointed out, the ICU bed will have a higher 
average revenue per patient and a higher ARPOB just by nature of its services. And the other 
thing, when we look at ARPOB, which again, important to point out is a derived metric, radiation 
oncology revenue will be driven largely through daycare. 
 
So the denominator is not getting added, but the numerator in terms of revenue is getting added. 
So yes, you could assume that ARPOB could come with radiation oncology and ICU beds 
increases. That being said, as I mentioned earlier, we also do hope to see an increase in the PPP 
patient volumes that we have committed to. 
 
And given the tariffs of that are slightly lower than our listed tariffs, so that may have a slightly 
diluting effect. So it really depends on how this plays out in terms of the mix of all these 
specialties. And also to re-mention that we haven't taken any tariff increases in Patna at all. Same 
goes for Lucknow. So the reason your ARPOBs are flat in both those units, despite volume 
increases, is really because there's been no tariff increase in any of the developing hospitals. 
Ankit Shah: 
And so as a mix of the mixed impact of both these factors, PPP patients plus ARPOB increase, 
should we expect the Patna margins to remain stable over here or can they increase further as 
occupancy goes up? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
A I have mentioned in the past, we don't really give guidance on where the margins will go. But 
let me try to articulate it from this point of view.  Obviously, as the hospital is still growing, and 
given the nature of our model, which I may have mentioned in the past, which is largely full-
time doctors, fixed cost kind of a model, obviously, as the volumes grow, you get the benefits 
of operating leverage and those are margin accretive for the most part. 
 
The second aspect, as you rightly pointed out, is that if you are able to generate revenues on 
businesses which have lower cost base, now obviously, radiation oncology at a P&L level doesn't 
have too much material costs and too much manpower cost to revenue, but obviously, there's a 
huge amount of capex that goes in. So if you look at it only at a P&L level, radiation oncology 
business is margin accretive. But again, there's obviously a huge amount of capex that has gone 
in towards the acquisition of the machine. So these are all things which are margin accretive.  

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
As I mentioned, reduction in the payer mix towards PPP, although I don't anticipate it to be that 
drastic, you may be aware it's capped at 25% of the beds as per our contract, would have 
somewhat of a dilution effect on ARPOBs. But since it's volume at lower marginal cost, it may 
still be beneficial on the margin and the EBITDA. So we feel fairly confident.  I think that if I 
look at the financial performance of Patna Hospital over the last several quarters, and we do 
anticipate this full year financial results.  
Last year, I believe the EBITDA margin in the first year was about 8%. This year, we expect a 
significant improvement on that for the year. So overall, I would say in a second year of 
operations to deliver these kind of margins, which we are seeing in Patna, I think we are very, 
very happy with the performance of Patna. 
Ankit Shah: 
Got it. My second question pertains to the Noida coming hospital, I understand that around 300 
beds are expected to come by FY'25 end. So can you give some color on how this will be scaled 
up, or what period would EBITDA breakeven be achieved? 
 
And also, considering that most of corporate costs are loaded in the Gurgaon Hospital, can we 
expect the margins over here to be much closer to the developing hospital versus the mature 
ones, as they are now at maturity? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So let me take that question also in two, three different buckets. Obviously, when you look at 
building out any hospital, especially of this size and scale and the quality that Medanta does, I 
think that the typical thought process is that hospital like 550 beds that's coming up in Noida, 
normally one would expect to breakeven in maybe three to four years. And that's typically how 
we internally also model it out. 
 
That being said, we have proven that we are able to generate a breakeven in Lucknow in one 
year, in Patna also in the first year itself. Although, as I always tell people, please don't hold us 
to that just because we have achieved breakthrough performance in Lucknow and Patna doesn't 
mean that one should expect normally a hospital will breakeven in one year. It is not normal 
performance. 
 
It is actually quite exceptional performance from that aspect. So we continue to model out our 
breakeven on a more rational basis. That being said, the Noida Hospital is a little bit different in 
its construction and layout as many of the other hospitals, which is most of our hospitals are 
built around two towers of inpatient beds. Noida is one tower. And therefore, our ability to scale 
up is a little bit faster because of the way in which the construction is done. So while we plan to 
start out with 300 beds, scaling up thereon is just a question of doing the interiors and fit-outs of 
one floor at a time. 
 
So we hope that the scale up to 550 could be faster depending on what the demand is. As far as 
your question on corporate costs and margin profile goes, you're right. Currently, we load all the 
corporate costs on the margins of the stand-alone Gurgaon, Indore and Ranchi Hospital 
Company. Also, just to clarify from a financial point of view, the Noida facility will also be part 
of Global Health Limited, which is the same company as Gurgaon, Ranchi and Indore. So that 
will be part of that. So there's no real question of taking the corporate overheads, loading to a 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
new company. As you're aware, Lucknow and Patna are 100-percent subsidiaries. So that's one 
of the reasons for the difference. 
But we feel very confident in the market in Noida. We feel very excited about the expectations 
of the community there. A lot of positive demand from the clinical community to get associated 
with Medanta Group and Medanta Noida specifically. So all the indications are positive for our 
opening and build-up. How the margins play out, I think time will tell. And once again, we don't 
really crystal ball gaze into that. But we feel confident on the broad success of Noida as an 
institution. 
Ankit Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Jainil Shah: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Just trying to understand the developing hospital performance 
better. So we've reported 70% occupancy and flatter sharp ups. Is it fair to assume that Patna's 
occupancy is somewhere around 60% plus and its margins are, you know, have reached 20% 
and above? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
So to your question, is it fair to assume? Yes, I think it's fair to assume. Obviously, full results 
we will declare in the year-end when we publish the independent accounts for both entities. But 
yes, things are going quite well in Patna, both as far as occupancy goes as well as the margin 
profile. 
But again, just one word of caution on both the units is that, as we add beds, occupancy 
percentage tends to be a little volatile because obviously you are changing the denominator on 
a constant basis. So I think slightly more holistically, because again, this business is not run 
quarterly when you look at it over the course of the full year. 
 
I think we will see good occupancy numbers, good inflation volumes, good bed days, as well as 
the kind of margin profiles that, you know, you're talking about, which, frankly speaking, is 
much better than what we would have originally anticipated just in a short two-year period. 
Jainil Shah: 
And we have reported, you know, margins of 25% plus over the last two quarters. So just want 
to know your thoughts. Is this sustainable? Are we planning any more price hikes next year? 
Because we have a few bed additions and we have Noida coming up. So just want to understand 
the trajectory going forward? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Look, like I mentioned earlier, I don't want to be giving out what the EBITDA guidance will be, 
and especially not quarter-on- quarter. So I think the margins are an outcome of the efforts we 
put into the work that we do. That being said, I think the smarter way to think about this is to lay 
out what are the potential accretive and dilutive impacts. 
 
As I mentioned already, with respect to the developing hospitals, the incremental volumes on a 
largely fixed cost base will provide disproportionate profitability because the marginal cost is 
lower. Frankly speaking, if you look at our volume growth over the last nine months or so, in 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
even our mature facilities, you see good amount of volume growth coming in. And that, of 
course, again, is getting delivered on an asset base and a cost base that is fully mature and also 
fixed to a large part. 
 
So obviously that also flows towards the bottom line. So that all ends up being margin accretive. 
We are conservative as far as tariff increases go. So to the extent that we maintain that 
conservatism, there may be some input cost increases as we think about doctor costs, as you 
think about the tendency in the industry for the various elements of input cost to increase. 
Obviously, there's always this question which people ask us around, how do you think the 
regulation may impact the pricing? So regulation will obviously have a margin dilution effect. 
So I think that none of these impacts are very different from what we would have seen last 
quarter or even the few quarters before that. 
So if you step back and look at this slightly more holistically on an annualized basis, I think the 
trends are very positive as far as the Medanta Group goes. Just because we see good volume 
growth, we see increased utilization of the hospitals that are built out in Patna and Lucknow. We 
are seeing very strong volume growth even in a hospital like Gurgaon, which has already been 
operational for 12-13 years. 
So I think these are all positive. Definitely there will be some initial margin reduction with the 
ongoing operational costs of Noida as that unit becomes operational. But of course, that will be 
determined whether it's capitalized as part of pre-operating expenses or whether it gets into the 
operational expenses. 
So I think once the finance accounting of all that is sorted out, you'll be able to see where those 
numbers fall. But these are, I would say, the levers that will drive the profitability of our group. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sure, that's helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan KG from Tunga Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Thank you. I have a couple of questions. The first question is, conceptually, how to think about 
ARPOB in NCR? Because what puzzles me is that all the leading hospitals continue to add beds 
and the ARPOB is the highest in India. And despite the city having the highest number of beds, 
including leading providers, AIMS, etc. I just want to understand that question? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
I think various different elements there. One, of course, let me first just touch upon my 
perspective on the NCR area as a whole. Obviously, you're aware that the demand and the 
population is still growing in NCR and is still hugely short of the supply and capacity required 
from a bed to population ratio point of view, including vis-a-vis some of the other major cities 
in the country. 
 
So from that point of view, Delhi NCR is still significantly undersupplied for from a hospital 
bed point of view. The city is continuing to grow and therefore, that problem is only likely to 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
get worse. And also Delhi, just because of its nature, drains a lot of patients, not only from other 
parts of the country, but also internationally. So I think that when you look at the demand supply 
mismatch in Delhi, as far as infrastructure capacity goes, of course, not to mention doctors is 
still fairly large. So I don't see any concerns with additional capacity coming on board. I think 
that will continue to be needed. 
 
Now, as far as the ARPOBs and tariffs go, look, Medanta as a group has always maintained that 
we do not want to be the most expensive in town. We want to maintain a reasonable level of 
tariffs to be as affordable as possible, given the context of the quality of healthcare, the cost of 
infrastructure and the cost of the inputs that we provide. So we don't aspire to charge more just 
because it's possible to charge more. We try to charge as reasonably as possible. That may or 
may not be the approach of others in the industry. That's our approach. 
 
And therefore, we always view our tariffs in these lines. The other thing that I mentioned earlier 
is look, ARPOB a derived metric. If your average length of stay will fall, your ARPOBs will 
rise. If your average length of stay will increase, your ARPOBs will fall. So we really much 
more view this on average revenue per patient basis than ARPOB, because depending on your 
sales mix, depending on your patient mix and the complexity, the length of stay, etc, ARPOB’s 
tends to move around. So we don't obsess on ARPOBs growth. 
 
I think for us, the real focus is, are we able to serve the patients that come in and are we able to 
continue to see growth in that dimension? 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Got it. And second, your inpatient revenues, does it include the inpatient pharmacy charges also? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes, it does. So all the charges that the patient incurs while admitted in the hospital are part of 
inpatient revenue. The outpatient pharmacy business that I mentioned in the earlier remarks is 
purely the OPD pharmacies, which are the retail pharmacies. For the most part, they are the ones 
which are in the various hospital lobbies, etc, and one or two outside hospitals as well. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
No. What kind of profit margin for the gross profit you make on either inpatient or outpatient 
pharma? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
We don't disclose gross profit by category of revenue stream. And frankly, neither do we disclose 
gross profit across the board. I think it's important for you to understand also that healthcare 
delivery is not about just giving medicines or just having a doctor or just doing a surgery. 
 
It's far more complex than that and it consists of a very complicated, integrated level of care. In 
Medanta, we also believe that care is not delivered by one doctor alone. It is the team that delivers 
care. And that team comes together comprehensively to deliver care. So neither do we worry too 
much about individual line items in the bill, and neither do we report out the economics in that 
front. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
And the last question from my side is, when you said profitability, do you actually have every 
hospital is taken as a different PnL? And because you mentioned some of that earlier, that the 
corporate overheads get slowed, and I just want to understand that part. 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Yes. So, and also I just want to understand, how do you drive procurement efficiency as you 
increase the footprint? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Okay. So two different questions, I think. The first one is that, as mentioned in our, right from 
our IPO days, the Medanta group is structured as the Global Health Limited, which is the 
hospital, which is the listed entity, as well as the company which houses Indore, Ranchi and 
Gurgaon. And our accounts are disclosed as such. And that includes all the corporate overheads 
that you were mentioning. Lucknow is 100% subsidiary in the company called MHPL. 
 
And Patna is 100% subsidiary in a company called GHPPL. So, at the end of the year, you will 
see three sets of accounts being filed with the ROC. And that is how we disclose our financials 
on across the board. 
 
So, we of course have many different ways that we manage the company internally. But this is 
what we disclose out across the board to the public as well as to the authorities and the 
exchanges. As far as procurement efficiencies, I think that's a far deeper question. 
 
But obviously, there are all the basics, which is economies of scale, ensuring that you are actually 
able to optimize your procurement across the group rather than looking at it individually, which 
is how I think most hospital groups would do it. And also ensuring that you are able to use that 
to get the best possible rates from the suppliers. That being said, it is not the cheapest only. 
 
Medanta has a very, very high bar on quality. And so, there are certain inputs and certain 
manufacturers that would not qualify for procurement in us, even though they may be cheaper 
as far as the rates go. So, we take a very high focus on quality of inputs that we utilize. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Sorry, I just want to squeeze in one more question if it's possible. May I? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Yes. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Yes. So, what I understand is Q3 is slightly lower in terms of utilization for the industry, given 
the festival period coming in. So, I want to understand at an overall level, where does your 
hospital utilization gets? 
 
It's very difficult. That is, you cannot inch beyond 75% or 80%. What's the band you actually 
look at it? if you just look at utilization over a period of time, and what kind of de-bottlenecking 
you normally do? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Look, we don't run this company or view the business optimization quarterly. It just so happens 
that we are required to report our quarterly results. So, absolutely nothing that we do in the 
company runs the business on a quarterly basis. 
 
We are far more long term in our orientation, and far more focused on ensuring that we deliver 
a high standard of care. And we believe that if you do that, the numbers will kind of speak for 

 
Medanta – Global Health Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
themselves. So, this is not the kind of organization or in our opinion, the kind of industry, where 
you're optimizing things on a quarterly basis, trying to produce good results, quarter on quarter. 
 
So, the numbers are what they are based on how we run the business. And our personal belief is 
that at a minimum, you should be looking at this on an annualized basis, if not even on a longer 
term period. And that's how we think about the business. 
 
Obviously, on a daily basis, we look at where the inefficiencies are that can be kicked out. And 
what are the improvement opportunities that we can bring in. But like I said, none of this is at 
the cost of the quality baseline and benchmarks that we have. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
And actually, the quality goes down with what point in utilization, it actually... 
Pankaj Sahni: 
It doesn't work like that, actually. Because when you look at utilization, again, at a very macro 
level, it's too difficult to say. Quality differs in daycare, quality differs in OPD, quality differs 
in the IPD. So, to really understand this, I don't think a one hour conference call will be sufficient, 
you really have to get into how a hospital functions. 
 
So, quality utilization, I can't tell you that there's a particular number where quality will fall, 
totally differs depending on what's the nature of the specialty and the nature of the institution. 
And frankly speaking, what your baseline and benchmark is for you to define quality. So, I don't 
think there's an answer I'll be able to give you on that front. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Thank you so much. This is very helpful. 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thak you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Sir, you have any closing remarks? 
Pankaj Sahni: 
Thank you everybody for participation in this call. And just to reiterate, we remain committed 
to our outline strategy. And I hope you will agree that we have been consistently reverting back 
to you that we are working on the outlined strategy, which we laid out several quarters ago. And 
we will continue to maintain that focus on delivering the highest standard of care with the highest 
standard of ethics and values. And we thank you for your support and participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Medanta Global Health, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of 
the proceedings  
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of Global Health Limited 
