www.ideaforgetech.com  
 
 
ideaForge Technology Limited. 
(Formerly ideaForge Technology Private Limited) 
EL-146, T.T.C. Industrial Area, M.I.D.C. Mahape, Navi Mumbai - 400 710. Maharashtra (India). 
Ph.(O): +91 (22) 6787 1000 (F) +91 (22) 6787 1007 
 
Email: info@ideaforgetech.com CIN No. U31401MH2007PLC167669 
 
February 12, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street,  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 543932  
To,  
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited “Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE SYMBOL: IDEAFORGE 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is further to our letter dated February 06, 2024, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio recording of the Earnings Call hosted by the Company on Tuesday, February 06, 2024 at 11.00 
a.m. (IST) post announcement of Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earnings call held on Tuesday, February 06, 2024. The Transcript is also available on 
Company’s website at below link: 
 
https://ideaforgetech.com/investor-relations/transcript-of-earnings-calls  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For ideaForge Technology Limited 
 
 
 
Sonam Gupta 
Company Secretary 
Membership No. A53881 
 
 
 
SONAM 
DILIPKUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
SONAM DILIPKUMAR 
GUPTA 
Date: 2024.02.12 
16:18:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“ideaForge Technology Limited Q3 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT MEHTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. VIPUL JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
IDEAFORGE TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH PATEL - ORIENT CAPITAL.  

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ideaForge Technology Limited Q3 and Nine 
Months FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Patel from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to 
you Mr. Patel. 
Parth Patel: 
Thank you, Michelle. On behalf of Orient Capital, I welcome you all to ideaForge Technology 
Limited Q3 and Nine Months FY24 Earnings Concall. 
On the management side, we have Mr. Ankit Mehta – Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Vipul 
Joshi – Chief Financial Officer. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through our “Investor Deck and Press Release” that 
we have uploaded on the exchanges and on the company’s website.  
A short disclaimer, I would like to say before we begin the call, this call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. Ankit Mehta. Over to you, sir. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to all the participants. Thank you for joining us 
today to discuss the Q3 FY24 Results of ideaForge Technology Limited. 
Let me first take the opportunity to wish everyone a very Happy New Year, although it’s a bit 
late, but this is the only opportunity we had. 
On this call, I have my colleague, Vipul, as mentioned by Parth, who is our CFO and Orient 
Capital, our Investor Relationship Partner. And I hope that everyone has had the opportunity to 
go through the “Investor Deck and the Press Release” we have uploaded on the exchanges and 
the company website.  
Presently, I’ll be providing you with an “Overview” of our “Strategic Initiatives” and the 
“Notable Milestones” we have achieved since our last Earnings Call. 
At the outset, I want to share some good news with you: 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
We have improved our global ranking as a dual use drone manufacturer from seventh position 
last year to the fifth position this year for the same ranking organization. Additionally, we have 
been officially certified as a Great Place to Work. Though this development happened recently. 
I believe this would be a great forum to share this with you all.  
As we celebrate these milestones, it energizes us to redouble our continued endeavors to achieve 
excellence. Innovation remains at the core of everything we do at ideaForge and the grant of 
seven new patents is a testament to this. 
On the development front, we have reached the prototyping stage for many of our technology 
and product initiatives. While initiatives like performance improvement on existing platforms, 
and the addition of new capabilities will result in tangible advantages in the shorter term. 
Initiatives for larger platforms like the middle mile logistics platform, will take a relatively 
longer development cycle. All these initiatives are on track, and we are confident about the 
progress we have made on them. We will keep updating you on new developments in the future.  
As part of our endeavors to unlock the full potential of drone technology, we have conceived 
India’s first drone innovation platform, which will help create a world class collaborative drone 
ecosystem in our country. At the heart of this ecosystem, will be ideaForge drone platforms, and 
control software, which ensure performance and reliability while delivering safety and autonomy 
in the field. On top of these two, industry players will be able to integrate innovative payloads 
to address a large number of use cases. They will also be able to leverage the application 
marketplace that is being developed by ideaForge to provide their software solutions and even 
cross-leverage solutions from other players and ideaForge itself to deliver automated outcomes 
to end users. This innovation platform approach coupled with serviceization of the drone 
technology will ultimately result in increased availability of drone solutions and will provide 
flexibility of consumption to the end customer, thereby accelerating the growth of the industry 
and all of the players involved.  
In this quarter, we have also seen progress in our strategic diversification initiatives. We have 
shipped SWITCH and NETRA V4 Pro systems to the US and started product demonstrations 
and training with customers and Value Added Resellers there. These demonstrations are aimed 
towards educating customers about these platforms and their capabilities, and to start building a 
sales pipeline in the US. For the Drone as a Service business, we are seeing early billings from 
a few anchor customers. As the technology and market mature, I’m confident that drones will 
be an integral and ubiquitous part of our country’s governance and security infrastructure. We 
are confident that these early encouraging signs will grow into meaningful business in the times 
to come. 
As we delve into the “Operational and Financial Updates” for this period, I want to share that 
we have also delivered a large defense contract to a customer in full and well ahead of schedule. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
This is a testament to our ability and commitment to deliver best-in-class products and solutions 
to our customers that act as force multipliers for carrying out critical missions in the field.  
I will now discuss our “Financial Performance”: 
Consolidated revenue from operations for the current quarter stood at 90.9 crores. The gross 
profit for the quarter was 48.9 crores at 53.7% of revenue. EBITDA for the quarter was 26 crores 
at 28.8%. PAT stood at 14.8 crores with a PAT margin of 16.3%. For the nine month period in 
FY24 the revenue from operations was INR 211.7 crores as compared to 147.3 crores in the 
same period in FY23. Gross profit stood at INR 112.8 crores at 53.3% of the revenue. EBITDA 
for the nine month period in FY24 stood at 65.3 crores with the EBITDA margin of 30.8% as 
compared to INR 52.1 crores in FY23. PAT stood at INR 34.6 crores at a 16.3% margin. Our 
order book now stands at 175.8 crores as of December 31st .  
We have surpassed our last financial years annual revenue in the first nine months of the year. 
This is in line with our projection of substantial growth of revenue in this FY, this further 
accentuates our belief that our business cannot be reviewed on a quarter-on-quarter or year-on-
year basis and should be holistically looked at by including our efforts on diversification and 
product development. 
Thank you for your attention, and I look forward to addressing any questions you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Renu Baid Pugalia from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
My first question is just to understand a bit more about how is the order pipeline and the order 
built up position looking for the next six months because that is where the visibility for next year 
will depend. So, if you can share some inputs in terms of projects where we have already 
submitted bids or certain receipt orders, where are they in terms of finalization and based on 
your internal assessment, what could be the likely order book at the end of the current fiscal  or 
next year. That’s the first question. Thank you. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thanks Renu for the wishes and for the question as well. 
Just wanted to highlight that one can also see from how this year has panned out for us, that the 
opening order book at the beginning of the year is not necessarily a full reflection of our 
performance potential in that year because in our case, many a times we get opportunities in 
between and we are able to build them as well given that we have adequate capacities and very 
good planning engine to be able to execute those. 
Having said that, we are at any point in time tracking a fairly large opportunity pipeline which 
is in various stages of conversion including all the aspects that you mentioned which implies 
repeat opportunities, which implies opportunities which are in the pipeline and as you are also 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
aware of the MAKE II programs that we are working on. So, all of that continues to be actively 
being tracked. They are all in various stages of progress in forward motion. However, to talk 
about any specific opportunity may be a bit challenging at this point in time barring the fact that, 
we have already indicated that prototyping of our tactical system is in advanced stages. And we 
are getting closer to some of those developments, of course, it will take several iterations. But 
we are over some of the important phases of early design in those opportunities. So, we are 
constantly at work, we have done a lot of trials, demonstrations, and several opportunities are 
both under evaluation, and several of them are coming up for evaluation in the next few weeks. 
What is also there Renu is that we don’t just have a pipeline that is centered around defense, we 
also have a very healthy civil opportunities pipeline. And that again, helps us quite a bit in terms 
of ensuring that we are able to bridge some of these gaps. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Right. So, this is where I was coming to that irrespective of defense, non-defense, but materially 
we need to have, what is the visibility that you have, the projects which would be in advance 
prototyping stage for developmental orders, all the repeat orders are under discussion after 
deliveries. So, that order pipeline how would that look in value terms or potential orders where 
we could be L1, in your view depending on how the competitive intensity for those particular 
projects are? So, any color that you can give in terms of quantifying some of these values which 
may emerge in L1 pipeline or in repeat orders over the next six to eight months? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, Renu, the way I would sort of broadly classify the way we track it internally, is in the form 
of tracking certain large deals, which can at times be upwards of triple digit numbers, and then 
look at a run rate pipeline as well. So, we typically track it in that fashion. And we have 
opportunities in both the buckets in a fairly healthy division. But, I am not at the liberty of saying 
anything more specific. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
No problem. Second question is, in line with the investment required for the MAKE II program. 
Can you share update in terms of status on team ramp up, and by when do we expect to, you 
mentioned multiple iterations which are underway, but you think some of these MAKE II 
programs could go in for, initial prototyping to display to customer by mid of the next calendar 
year, or it could be slipping towards the end of next fiscal year? 
Ankit Mehta: 
See, definitely there is a need for us to demonstrate some of these platforms within this year 
itself, this calendar year itself which we are currently in. So, those are the timelines that we will 
have to meet and we are aggressively tracking those timelines. And in terms of team 
augmentation, we have added almost 72% new team members on the development side, and of 
that, about 15% were added in the last quarter itself. And on top of that, we have gone ahead on 
a good hiring spree from tier one colleges, and have been able to augment talent from a lot of 
world class industries in our company over the last quarter or so. So, again, this is a very good 
talent pipeline that we are tracking. And we are hoping to make sure that we are able to build a 
world class team that can continuously deliver on innovative technologies. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
Got it. And lastly, in terms of you did mention about getting early in terms of monetizing Drone 
as a Service opportunity. So, where do we see these revenues scaling up in the next two to three 
years and can you share examples in terms of the applications where you have started to monetize 
these probably on the civil side of the business? Thank you. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, in terms of revenue scale, overall, the way we track or the way we look at the Drone as a 
Service business is, in general, it to become a part of our overall Software as a Service, Drone 
as a Service and services revenue bucket. We are looking at it getting into over the period of 
next three to five years into double digit numbers cumulatively on that bucket. And therefore, 
that’s a target that we are tracking hopefully it will be significantly higher. However, in terms 
of the kind of used cases for which they are being leveraged, law enforcement is going to 
continue to be a important use case there along with various GIS applications. 
Vipul Joshi: 
Renu, just to add Vipul here. Basically, this is still our early green shoots of validating the model, 
we are still prototyping as to how this model will really work out. We are testing our background 
app, as to how it will work with our consumers on the field. And, the overall intent of moving 
to a franchise model is all work in progress at the moment. And all of that will fructify in the 
coming few quarters. 
Renu Baid Pugalia: 
So, this will be based on a similar model that we had piloted in Dehradun, or are we looking at 
other cities as well in terms of exploring and penetrating with these kinds of services? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, absolutely.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Equities. Please go 
ahead.  
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir my first question is, can you tell us about the order book split between say defense and civil 
Q3? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Dipen thank you for your wishes. But we haven’t actually looked at it from that perspective at 
this point in time. So, we don’t speak about that at this moment.  
Dipen Vakil: 
Okay. So, I just wanted to understand is there any difference in the execution timeline between 
say defense order or a civil and agri drone or everything is the same at around 12 to 15 months? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, Dipen, what happens is that, typically when it is a very large opportunity that comes from 
mostly defense opportunities, they come with significantly longer delivery timelines, for 
example we have opportunities that were expected to be delivered in two years, and some of 
them were expected to be delivered in a year or so. But typical run rate opportunities that we get 
from civil and several defense customers as well, they may not have that longer timeline, they 
will typically have a shorter timeline of three to six months. So, that split varies by the nature of 
the order, and the volume of the order, more than defense or civil. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Vipul Joshi: 
So, Dipen, ideaForge doesn’t serve the agri market, our services typically distributed between 
mapping and surveillance use cases. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir, and just wanted to understand little bit more on your order book. Sir your order book to 
trailing 12 month sales is now down to less than one time. So, are there any order pipeline say 
near term in Q4 and do you think you’ll be able to close your order book to over one time by the 
end of FY24? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, obviously there are things that are expected to close in the present quarter as well. Having 
said that, whether it will be one time trailing revenue or more is something which I will not be 
able to comment at this stage. And like I said, any year’s revenue is not necessarily reflective of 
the closing order book, because in our case a lot of times chunky opportunities close in between, 
and we are able to deliver them as well given our capacity. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it. Sir last question, you told us about that ideaForge has been granted seven new patents. 
So, can you tell us a little bit more about the product development and the opportunity size 
around the same. 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, we basically get patent grants on technologies that we have protected let say a few years 
back that’s the way the process is, with respect to patent granting. Granting is a testament to 
everybody in the chain finding that and this is the first time something like this has been thought 
about in the world. In terms of the product development cycle, of course there are several ideas 
that we have been working on over the last year or more, and many of them are in advanced 
stages of prototypes, which means that we will have physical products that are going to prove 
the technology on ground. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financials. Please 
go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
My question was, could you give us some color on the two new drone categories that you are 
coming out with the tactical drone from MAKE II, and the middle mile logistics drone that can 
carry 100 kgs for 100 kilometers? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, essentially, the reason why we are building these two drone categories is to attack a slightly 
different set of use cases. Both of these categories are dual use categories for us. And they will 
both have applications in defense and civil market. The tactical drone category is meant to 
essentially offer best in class surveillance and payload carrying capability within a specific class 
of UAV, this class of UAV is almost 10 times heavier than the heaviest UAV that we build right 
now. So, it’s a massive step jump from where we are. But it is a drone category that will enable 
significantly long range and long endurance performance for various use cases, which will 
involve carrying sensors that can do mapping for a really long period of time, or carrying 
surveillance and imagery payloads that can see at targets much further away from the object. Or, 
in many cases, it should also be able to carry a good amount of payload, which will allow us to 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
do certain applications which were earlier not addressed by our portfolio. Then, when we look 
at the middle mile logistics platform, it is expected to be perhaps 10 times heavier than even our 
tactical drone platform. But the objective there is to build a platform that can carry heavier loads 
upwards of 100, kgs to 100 plus kilometers. So, broadly, trying to ensure that we are able to take 
very heavy loads in extreme environments as well if required to do logistics missions that were 
otherwise not possible. And a lot of parts of our country and other places are inaccessible, but 
can be really well served if we build a technology like this for those environments. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Yes, definitely. Just as a follow-up, what is the rollout timeline you see for both of these drones? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, like we had mentioned in our presentation, we are in advance stages of prototyping the first 
platform on the tactical side. And, of course it will take multiple prototypes to get to an optimized 
product, but we have started to at least get there now physically which means a lot of the design 
stage is getting to a conclusion there. And then as far as the middle mile drone is concerned, we 
are in advance stages of designing itself. So, it will take some more time to get to prototyping 
phase there. However, it is expected to have a longer development time as compared to the 
tactical drone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Jatin Jadhav: 
I have two questions. One, I wanted to understand the market share which is presented in the 
investor presentation, you said 50% market share in India in FY22. How was this calculated 
exactly, based on revenue or based on the number of drones that were produced? 
Ankit Mehta: 
This was based on revenue itself. And this was based on the government data that had emanated 
from PLI inputs that they had received, then they had invited the first round of application. So, 
therefore, we have that vantage point only available with us at this point in time. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Okay. And second rank, you’ve been promoted to rank number five globally in dual use cases. 
What is that exactly? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, there is a entity in Europe that publishes a dual use and civil use drones ranking every year, 
where they look at all the drone companies in the world, I’m assuming they have fairly extensive 
coverage given their directory. And they look at performance of these businesses and come up 
with a ranking for these industries based on whether it’s dual use or if it is purely civil use. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Got it. And since we are catering, I see a lot of other drone companies also getting orders from 
the defense side. So, wanted to understand currently our revenue, whatever is coming from the 
defense, what kind of drones do we provide to the defense sector of India? 
Ankit Mehta: 
These are meant for surveillance operations. So, what happens is that, when we look at any 
operation that is happening in defense or any other space, one of the most important aspects of 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
that operation is getting intelligence in the first place, to do any action on top of right. So, these 
drones in a way become the backbone of any operation that is happening. On top of that, these 
kinds of drones are also used for assessing if, let’s say for example an end effect has been taken 
or an end objective has been tried to be neutralized, then whether the effort was effective or not. 
So, they are used for damage assessment, they are used for whether whatever was delivered to 
the target has been delivered accurately or not. So, these kinds of drones remain a bedrock of 
any operation on the defense side and then all other kinds of drones, whether it be it for ones 
that are doing Kamikaze missions or otherwise, they are essentially augmented to these kinds of 
systems to do the end effect. But surveillance drones become the bedrock of what’s happening. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
So, are we, is it safe to assume you are the best in this particular class in India?  
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, in the two categories that we build in right now, we do offer best in class globally. 
Jatin Jadhav: 
Okay. So, let’s say tomorrow a need of your particular type of class of drones arises. So, is it 
safe to assume all orders will come to you? 
Ankit Mehta: 
See, that is something which we can only comment on when we get there on the field. But, we 
do believe that we have something that is very differentiated in this category. And it has been 
challenging to challenge the positioning there. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Venkat from 3Sigma Financials. Please go 
ahead. 
Venkat: 
Sir the previous question was centered around the best in class. So, I just wanted to understand 
where does our strength lie, does our strength lie in software or hardware. Because when I look 
at the patents, the patents are more from process point of view. They are not product related, so 
where does our strengths lie? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, our patents are actually most of them on technologies, both on the software side and hardware 
side. And what we have done is, we have been able to create a domain expertise around very 
high-performance drones with a lot of reliable execution based on the software as well as the 
hardware features that we embed. And a lot of autonomy is also baked into our systems because 
it allows the systems to take a lot of decisions for their own safety, onboard by themselves. So, 
we have strength on both the sides. We make our own autopilot, that autopilot, including the 
embedded hardware is entirely our own software code. We make our own ground control 
software, we make our own communication stack. In terms of software, so many of the critical 
elements of this technology are all built in-house by us. 
Venkat: 
Sir, my next question is, you were talking about third party software solutions we will provide 
rather, ideaForge is going to provide third party platforms they can use the software. So, is that 
the correct understanding and if that is a correct understanding. So, what kind of baseline would 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
you look, is there some kind of standardized operating system that the software solutions work 
on or you have to custom develop for each of them?  
Ankit Mehta: 
No. So, what will happen is that, we are coming up with a marketplace, that marketplace will 
allow a lot of industry software elements that can plug into the data processing chain that is 
required from the outcome of a UAV. For example, whenever a UAV does mapping application, 
for example what drones are doing in the SVAMITVA scheme right now, they are taking high-
resolution, overlapping snapshots of abadi areas in the rural India. And that data is then imported 
into a processing software that converts it into a map. What happens is that then the data that is 
being collected by the drone is put into a processing software and that processing software comes 
up with the integrated map of that area and that map is then further needed to be divided into the 
actual footprint of the houses that need to be given the property cards. So, a lot of software 
technology can help automatedly cut those boundaries by looking at the footprint of the houses. 
And a lot of such technologies can be created and our platform will allow users to bake in those 
specific technologies that can be put into a workflow and can deliver the result to the customer 
without necessarily needing further human intervention. So, that kind of technology element is 
something that a lot of third party providers can build. And we can offer these to the end 
customers so that end customer can get the results in the most automated manner and at the right 
cost. 
Venkat:  
So, we are not decoupling hardware and software in that case, and you are talking about a 
platform, you are talking about both hardware as well as software? 
Ankit Mehta:  
Yes, for example there is an innovative payload needed for a specific application which we are 
not building at ideaForge, and we don’t want to build at ideaForge for that matter, then other 
people can build those hardware payloads that are doing let’s say for example a very specific 
gas sensing or they are doing some very specific monitoring that otherwise is not something we 
are trying to build for. And then they can also build a software piece that can deliver the reports 
to the end customer. Our system will make sure that the entire data pipe is available for them to 
do the processing on one to first mount their sensor, then to do the processing on and then in the 
end deliver the application to the end customer. 
Venkat:  
So, we are going to give all the APIs to them is my understanding correct? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes. 
Venkat: 
And that would be a revenue stream for us? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, exactly.  
Venkat:  
So, my next question if I can squeeze, sir drone technology is continuously evolving. And so 
many people are developing, are we kind of like partnering with somebody where they can be 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
cost sharing, or there can be some like M&A activity that the people who are kind of growth 
stages we can let this technology and stuff like that, can you give some path around that? 
Ankit Mehta:  
So, we are always looking for innovative businesses that are building something differentiated 
and can add a lot of value to our customer base. We do continue to evaluate partnering with such 
companies. One example that I can share is, if you look at our partnership with GalaxEye in 
building, radar-based payloads, including a radar that we are prototyping with them for fog 
penetration, and another radar that we are developing with them for foliage penetration. So, these 
kinds of innovative partnerships is something that we are extremely keen on. We have also in 
the past, integrated with Esri. So, we are constantly on the lookout of various partnerships and 
these partnerships can take any flavor going forward including like you mentioned the need for 
investments or M&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
This is with regards to, I had one question regarding our revenue. So, as you were saying we can 
get a lot of orders that you can execute, which are not reflected in the order book. So, for all the 
current nine months how many such orders would we have reflected that were not maybe 
reflected in our March 23 order book? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, let’s say for example, if you look at our March 23 opening order book, it was at close to 
about 190 crores. And if you see in between, in quarter one, we were at about 100 crores of order 
book and that again short up to 253 crores in order book, which is presently at about 175 crores. 
So, you can see what I mean, that there are a lot of orders that come in, in between they get billed 
also. And then we get more orders as well. So, that cycle continues all the time. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. I understand how difficult it would be to comment on the order book but then, for us, like 
analysts, could we just have some kind of a benchmark or indication that how could we help 
predicting the future flows or something that helps because the variability in terms of revenue is 
somewhere a bit difficult to model, will maybe help us with any integrator that you find 
appropriate but can help us a bit? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Honestly, because I am not tuned to that kind of thinking, I’m not really able to think about any 
specific idea at this point in time, but maybe we can discuss this at some point in time. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. All your guidance in terms of maybe broad based guidance nothing very specific two 
years, three years down the line what kind of revenue can be maybe foresee because it’s a new 
product coming in, is it fair to assume that we may touch 500 crore? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, it is not very straightforward for me to give any number. However, what I can share is that, 
from all that we have seen in the industry over the last few quarters, and from our time in the 
industry so far, we have just started to scratch the surface of the market potential of this 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
opportunity. And with the use cases that we are unlocking with every new development for 
example, if you read our presentation we had also indicated that we have started to see early 
usability of our products in inspection use cases as well, which is up to four important use cases 
which include surveillance, mapping, inspection and delivery, we were only doing surveillance 
and mapping so far, with unlocking of certain new use cases, the market potential keeps 
expanding, and a lot of this market potential is realizable in the short term as well. And some of 
it, like for example when we build a new platform particularly of a larger size will get realized 
over the next three to five years horizon. So, depending on the nature of the platform, and the 
type of unlocking we are able to do, in fact the whole platform approach that we have come up 
with, is essentially to unlock the full potential of what our products can do in the market even 
today, because it is not possible for one company to build every payload possible in the industry. 
Nor is it possible for any company to build every possible software application that the end 
customers require. But by making and taking that platform approach, we are trying to accelerate 
our own entry into various industrial segments that our partners are willing to help us, jointly 
address because we provide that stable base platform. We provide a mature software stack that 
allows them to accelerate and focus on areas that can create a lot of value as well as allows us to 
address the overall market chain that otherwise was not accessible to us, till we would have 
decided to enter that space. So, a lot of this is an effort to unlock both short-term as well as 
continue to prepare for the long-term advantages. And of course, we are also looking at the 
international market.  For our existing products, existing platforms and their capabilities 
wherever relevant in the rest of the world is another strategy we are pursuing. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Thank you so much for the detailed answer. Sir just one final question, in terms of our cost, 
currently as you may be hiring new employees and everything. So, how do we just see our cost 
started going, our employee benefits and other expenses would be fixed in nature right sir? They 
would not have an amount of variability. So, we would be probably for every quarter spending 
around 30 crores, is that the fair assumption? 
Vipul Joshi: 
So, Darshil, the variability will also be there because the company is in the growth phase, as 
Ankit mentioned that we would be expanding our base as well across multiple geographies. 
While as you would understand that, for our product development, expenses we capitalize them. 
So, the hit won’t be visible on the P&L. Only what gets amortized over quarter-to-quarter is the 
numbers that will be visible. While , so to say overall expenditures in terms of our rental cost 
and all have steady, they are no envisaged additional expenses that we see in the next coming 
quarters. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
What I meant operating expense, would not be reduced, it would be at least currently stable or 
higher? 
Vipul Joshi: 
They would stay stable, obviously whatever we need to produce, and those expenses would be 
depending on the order book that we are trying to service for that quarter. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Kabra from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Firstly, I would be asking, can you give us any numbers on the capacity utilization, maybe on 
quadcopters and fixed wing, not on specific an overall number maybe? 
Vipul Joshi: 
So, right now we would be at about 80% of our capacity utilization for a single shift. Again, that 
peeks and reduces depending on the size of orders that we are servicing month-on-month. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Okay. And secondly, number of flights taken till December in the current fiscal year 24? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, about 60,000 flights is what we had reported in the presentation as well, is for the financial 
year, and cumulatively that number has gone up to 420,000+ flights with the end customers. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Okay. And if I’m not wrong, it is fair to assume that till next one or two years we are targeting 
up to one million this number? 
Ankit Mehta: 
We have to set ambitious targets and we are aggressively working towards making sure that the 
adoption of the platform is happening at the highest pace possible because we firmly believe 
that, the more the platform gets used, the more will the market expand, because most of our 
platforms are delivered for either a security use case or they are delivered for a productivity use 
case. And in both cases, as long as you are continuously being used, you are giving somebody 
disproportionate value, and that allows them do want to use it to their entire scale. 
Vipul Joshi: 
And Mudit, we are also seeing that our deployment base also is changing and that also should 
help us get them more adoption in terms of total number of flights. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Got it. And lastly sir, on the ESOP cost. On the ESOP cost lower in the previous years, and it 
short up in FY23. We are expecting to normalize this ESOP cost as you are taking the picture of 
the good number of hiring which is coming. This number would remain at elevated levels in the 
coming years, right? 
Vipul Joshi: 
So, basically the last call also we had highlighted that all large quantum of ESOP exercising,  
has already hit our books. We don’t see any large numbers coming in the subsequent time period. 
It will normalize around about 40-50 lakhs quarter-on-quarter. 
Mudit Kabra: 
40%, 50%. Okay. 
Vipul Joshi: 
40-50 lakh per quarter. 
Ankit Mehta: 
It may be higher, but the way it gets delivered is going to be direct. 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir, I wanted to understand a little bit more about your North America operation which you have 
entered recently, how has been the feedback from your prospective clients and when do you see 
these geographies or the out of India geographies to start forming significant second part of your 
revenues? 
Ankit Mehta: 
See, I do not foresee them to become significant very, very quickly given our revenue base. But, 
it will actually start becoming meaningful in the coming year itself. And progressively they will 
start climbing to being significant, but at least in the short term, we are aiming to have them give 
us meaningful outcomes. But in terms of how the reception has been, our class of products or 
the performance that we deliver is quite unique vis-à-vis what’s available in those markets. And 
therefore, we are seeing a lot of positive response at this point in time. 
Dipen Vakil: 
So, if we look at drone as a service then North America operations do you see from a percentage 
point of view do you see it contributing in a meaningful way, say more than, say close to around 
10% or something?  
Ankit Mehta: 
No, not at least in the coming year. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it. And taking a follow-up question on  capacity utilization. In your DRHP you had given 
the installed capacity per day for your quadcopters and Switch UAVs. So, is it possible to give 
an updated installed capacity per day for your products? 
Vipul Joshi: 
So, Dipen, no significant changes happened in the capacity right now, we still hover around five 
in terms of our quadcopters and about four in the Switch on a per day capacity for single shift. 
Since we have not really gone ahead and done any capital investments or capacity enhancements. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it and you are functioning on a single shift. So, you will just increase your shift from? 
Vipul Joshi: 
We would look at maximizing our current infrastructure before we venture into any CAPEX 
investments.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratir Adhikari from Ratnabali. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratir Adhikari: 
My understanding is that, that there are different categories of drones, and different companies 
are targeting different companies, different types of drones to develop. And you said that you 
are you are making some drones which are differentiated than others, to meet your category of 
drones. How many people are there, how many companies are there who are trying to develop 
this? 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, what happens is that, Pratir is that in general any category that has been around in the market 
for a few years, you will find a number of people trying to compete in that category, what we try 
to do is, we try to make products that are differentiated and better performing even in the same 
category. So, you will have a lot of people who are building products in the same category. But 
probably it is challenging to meet our best in class in terms of performance and certain other 
factors. So, that is how you continue to retain the edge in each category, because each category 
as it gets established, does have several people wanting to build for that category. Similarly, for 
the new platforms that we are building, some of them we may be entering categories that do 
exist, but we will build in our capabilities so that we can be differentiated within the category. 
Pratir Adhikari: 
Okay. So, whenever you are developing a drone, I guess optoelectronics is a major part of it. So, 
my question is how much you are dependent on foreign equipment, and does this kind of thing 
like optoelectronic we procure from outside or domestically established? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, we do currently procure optoelectronics, and certain other sensors from outside. However, 
we also continue to seek opportunities to build them in India or get them built in India. That is 
also something that we parallelly keep exploring. And that’s an effort we do for every subsystem 
that we have in general. But, yes even for optoelectronics we do that. We ensure that we are 
always on the lookout for localization as well. 
Pratir Adhikari: 
Okay, Sir what is your sustainable EBITDA margin which is right now hovering around 20%, 
30% it’s fluctuating, what is the sustainable margin for the year when you will have orders placed 
and you will execute? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, our view is that we should hover anywhere between 25% to 30% as is visible, that’s what is 
our expectation at this time. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat from InCred AMC. Please go ahead.  
Rajat: 
So, just one question. On your core operating margins, you were reporting only 21%, 22% kind 
of margin. If I include other income obviously that shoots up to 28%. I just want to understand 
what has changed over the last two years, because at a lower sales profile at 160 crores in FY’22, 
and 190 crores in FY’23 you were doing a much higher margin, the 47% and 26%. And now 
over the last four quarters that margin profile has come down to 17%, 18%. So, just want to 
understand what exactly has happened? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, mainly what happens is that, a lot of it depends on the contracts that we have closed, and the 
nature of those contracts. So, for example, the contracts that we had executed in the previous 
year, they were slightly higher margin contracts, the contracts that we are executing and 
delivering on in this year maybe of the performance is basically reflective of those contracts that 
we had back. Now, depending on the nature of the opportunity, and the type of UAV that our 
customer needs, and the competitive environment, we have to ensure that we balance all of these 

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
three things together, when we are doing our bidding, some of these bids may be really old as 
well.  
Vipul Joshi: 
So, Rajat the product mix that we are trying to distribute between customers. And the complexity 
of the user requirements is where the pricing differentials are also their contract to contract. And 
that’s the reason why there’s a certain shift that you see. 
Rajat: 
Right. So, is it fair to assume that the competitive intensity has definitely increased over the last 
two years? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Yes, competitive intensity has gone up, which is fair given the buzz around the industry. Having 
said that, whenever we are looking to pitch something at the cutting edge, we still find that there 
isn’t as much competitive pressure, but wherever our category has been established at moderate 
performance levels, it is bound to be competitive there. 
Rajat: 
Got it. And on the other expenses front can you tell me what is the breakup in terms of R&D, 
how much is R&D spend right now? 
Ankit Mehta: 
So, our other expenses presently do not include R&D expenses. R&D expenses, actually product 
development expenses in our case, they are typically capitalized and the other expenses are all 
of the other expenses in the company.  
Vipul Joshi: 
So, if there is a mix of, provisions for warranty expenses, ECL, your manpower recruitment cost 
is a mix of what you see in the other expenses. 
Rajat: 
Okay. So, there’s no R&D cost in the other expense? 
Vipul Joshi: 
R&D is what we capitalize under intangible assets under development. 
Rajat: 
And how much would that be in terms? 
Vipul Joshi: 
So, right now the balance sheet numbers are not audited and not published.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinamra Hirawat from JM Financials. Please 
go ahead. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
I was just wondering if you could give export to the percentage of your total sales? 
Ankit Mehta: 
Vinamra, it’s not meaningful at this point in time. Probably in the next year, we will start looking 
at a meaningful division over there. 
Vinamra Hirawat: 
Okay. So, I can just assume like under 2% or 3%?  

 
ideaForge Technology Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Ankit Mehta: 
No, much lower than that also. 
Vipul Joshi: 
We just started seeding the market Vinamra there so. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in the interest of time that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Mehta for closing comments. Over to 
you sir. 
Ankit Mehta: 
Thank you so much everyone for being on the call and patiently listening to our Q&A as well. 
And, I wish everyone a very, very good day and a great next quarter as well for everyone. Thank 
you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of ideaForge Technology Limited, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
