 
 
 
 
RL/SE/23-24/245 
 
February 9, 2024 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on February 2, 2024, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the third quarter and nine months ended  
December 31, 2023. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
RAKESH 
MULJIBHA
I DARJI
Digitally signed by 
RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI DARJI 
Date: 2024.02.09 
12:05:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S L POKHARNA – DIRECTOR – RAYMOND 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
LIFESTYLE BUSINESS – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– REALTY BUSINESS – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR ABHIJEET KUNDU – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Raymond Limited Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants 
in the Q3 FY '24 conference call of Raymond Limited. Today, we have with us from senior 
management of Raymond; Mr. S. L. Pokharna, who is Director of Raymond Limited; Mr. 
Amit Agarwal, Group CFO; Mr. Sunil Kataria, CEO of Lifestyle Business; Mr. Harmohan 
Sahni, CEO of Reality Business; and Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head, Corporate Developer. Without 
taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Amit. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the 
earnings call to discuss the results of the third quarter of fiscal 2024. I hope you would have 
received a copy of our results presentation. I would like to urge you to go through this along 
with the disclaimer slides. 
Now let me start with a brief overview on the market for the quarter. The quarter started on a 
strong note with Navratri in October followed by Diwali in November. However, post Diwali, 
festive demand could not sustain, and the market witnessed subdued consumer demand. 
The discretionary spending on fabric and apparel has been weak, due to inflationary pressures 
and the demand remain muted. Real estate market continues to show good growth momentum, 
especially for the residential demand and expect the trend to be sustaining in the coming 
quarters. 
Now let us talk about the third quarter fiscal 2024 performance, Raymond continues its growth 
momentum with the 10th consecutive quarter of growth reporting highest ever performance in 
terms of both revenue and EBITDA. Raymond reported highest-ever quarterly revenue of 
₹2,450 crores in the third quarter of fiscal 2024 with a growth of 11% on year-on-year basis, 
over ₹ 2,200 crores in the third quarter of fiscal 2023 and increased by ₹ 129 crores on quarter-
on-quarter basis as compared to ₹ 2,321 crores in the second quarter fiscal '24. The increased 
revenue during the quarter was led by strong revenue growth of 50% in the real estate business 
and 20% in the branded apparel business. 
 
We reported the highest ever quarterly EBITDA of ₹ 426 crores with a healthy EBITDA 
margin of 17.4% in the third quarter of fiscal 2024. With a growth of 22% on a year-on-year 
basis, over ₹ 351 crores in the third quarter of fiscal '23, and by ₹ 44 crores on a quarter-on-
quarter basis as compared to ₹ 382 crores in the second fiscal quarter of '24. The company 
recorded a cost of about ₹ 5.5 crores during the quarter under the Raymond ESOP scheme 
2023 and excluding the ESOP cost of ₹ 5.5 crores the EBITDA would have been higher to the 
tune of ₹ 432 crores with an EBITDA margin of 17.6%. During the quarter, we have almost 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
doubled our reported net profit to ₹ 184 crores during the quarter compared to ₹ 95 crores in 
the third quarter in the previous year.  
Our focused efforts and strategic initiatives across businesses helped in delivering 29% 
increase in revenue compared to the pre-COVID period in the third quarter of fiscal '20. And 
our internal drive for operational efficiency supported by effective working capital 
management and deleveraging initiatives, resulting in doubling of EBITDA and quadrupling of 
the profit before tax. 
 
Now let me talk about the segmental performance for the third quarter of fiscal '24. The 
Branded Textile segment revenue was maintained at ₹ 909 crores in the third quarter despite 
muted consumer demand and challenging market conditions as festivities led to buoyancy and 
secondary sales till Diwali. However, this trend could not be witnessed post festivities. The 
EBITDA margin stood at 21.6%, which is slightly higher compared to 20.9% in the third 
quarter last year. 
 
Now let me talk about the Branded Apparel segment which showed a healthy sales growth of 
20% to ₹ 437 crores as compared to ₹ 364 crores during the third quarter of the previous year. 
In line with our stated strategy of enhancing our distribution reach and network focus on 
premiumization, coupled with casualization, led to growth in branded apparel business despite 
weaker demand. We adopted a focused approach to expand our footprint and reach of our 
apparel brands as well as increased ads spend to enhance the brand salience. With our strong 
brand equity, we were able to increase the number of doors in multi-branded outlets and large 
format stores, ensuring a wider accessibility and reach of our products to the consumers. The 
growth was witnessed across all brands with Park Avenue, ColorPlus, Raymond Ready to 
Wear and Ethnix by Raymond leading the front and well supported by Parx. 
The new Ethnix by Raymond brand, which offers a distinctive product range in spanning 
across ethnic wear to Hindu Western for the special occasions and weddings witnessed a good 
traction with consumers, especially during festivities, celebrations, and weddings. 
 
The segment continuously improved and delivered an EBITDA margin of 13.9% in the third 
quarter of fiscal '24 as compared to 11.2% in the previous year. We continue to strengthen our 
retail footprint as we opened 65 new stores during the quarter as well as 100th store of Ethnix 
by Raymond, taking the tally to 105 stores of Ethnix by Raymond as of 31st December 2023. 
Our retail store network stood at 1,512 stores spread across 600 towns entities in India. In the 
last 12 months, we successfully opened about 215 new stores strategically positioned across 
Metro Tier 1 to Tier 4 towns across India.  
Now let me talk about the Garmenting segment, which is in the process of expanding the 
garmenting capacity by about 1/3 to participate in China Plus One strategy adopted by the 
global brand. Also, this capacity augmentation is in line with the Government of India's Make 
in India initiative. We continue to acquire new customers and enhance our presence in new 
geographies. During the quarter, our revenue was ₹ 281 crores, similar to previous years. 
During the quarter, EBITDA margin was 10.8% compared to 9.1% reported in the EBITDA 
for the previous year.  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Let me talk about the High-value cotton shirting segment, where the top line grew by 10% to 
₹214 crores compared to ₹ 195 crores in the previous year, led by demand for our cotton and 
linen fabric offerings to our B2B customers. EBITDA margin for the quarter was marginally 
higher at 10.9% as compared to 10.7% in the previous year. 
 
Now coming to the performance of the Engineering business, which is consolidated under JK 
Files & Engineering Limited, on an aggregate basis, the sales stood at ₹ 217 crores in the third 
quarter as compared to ₹208 crores in the third quarter of last fiscal. The engineering 
consumable category continued to be impacted due to sluggishness in the export market. 
During the quarter, the business reported an EBITDA margin of 13.9% for the quarter. Our 
growth strategy in engineering sector is to participate in the sunrise sector of Aerospace and 
EV, and we have acquired the stake in the Maini precision, which caters to these sectors, and 
we expect to complete all formalities and regulatory clearances during the fourth quarter of 
fiscal 2024. Just as a reminder that on a pro forma basis for fiscal 2023, the consolidated 
revenues of engineering business, including Maini Precision business was over ₹ 1,600 crores 
with more than 60% of the revenues coming from the export business, and the consolidated 
EBITDA of the engineering group was ₹ 220 crores. 
 
Now let me talk about the Real Estate segment during the quarter, we have been appointed as 
developer for redevelopment of society located in Mahim West, with a revenue potential of 
more than ₹ 1,700 crores, and selected as a preferred development for redevelopment of 
society in Sion East with a revenue potential of about ₹ 1,400 crores. Put together, the revenue 
potential from the 3 JDA projects, including Bandra in MMR outside of our Thane Land will 
be in excess of ₹ 5,000 crores. 
 
During the quarter, we have launched 2 new towers at Thane Land in our Ten X Era, and in 
Address By GS Season 2 project. The company's running project was ₹ 9,000 crores on its 
Thane Land and which has a further potential to generate ₹ 16,000 crores, making a total 
potential revenue of ₹ 25,000 crores from the Thane Land bank over the next few years. 
Overall, during the quarter, we have seen a strong booking momentum and made a total 
booking of ₹ 428 crores in the third quarter of fiscal '24 across our projects as compared to 
₹380 crores in the third quarter of last fiscal. 
 
Now let me provide a comprehensive update on the construction status of the various projects. 
The construction momentum across all 5 projects is progressing well, demonstrating our 
commitment to timely delivery and adherence to high-quality standards. In particular, the Ten 
X Habitat project has achieved a significant milestone with the delivery of the first 3 towers, 2 
years ahead of the RERA timeline achieved in December 2022. This accomplishment 
underscores our dedication to exceeding expectations and delivering on our commitment. In 
Tower 4 and 5, the lift installation has been successfully completed, while in Tower 6, lift 
installation is currently in progress. In Towers 7 and 8, internal finishing work is underway. 
And in Tower 9 and 10, the 46th and 45th floor flat has been completed, respectively. 
Regarding The Address By GS project, progress is notable with the completion of 28th and 
21st floors in Tower A and Tower B, respectively. In the Ten X Era project, we have reached 
milestones with the completion of plinth slab in Tower B, and the ongoing progress on the 
ground floor flats. Additionally, in Towers C, Podium 3 slab work is currently in progress. In 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Tower A of Ten X Era, excavation work is undergoing. In The Address By GS Season 2 and 
Invictus by GS project, foundation work is in progress. These updates collectively highlight 
our dedication to efficient project management adherence to timelines in every phase of our 
construction project. 
 
Our Raymond Reality business, which offers affordable luxury apartments ranging from 1 to 4 
BHK that caters to multiple segments of society and our proven ability to execute the project at 
a faster pace enabled the sales to increase by 50% to ₹ 439 crores in third quarter of fiscal '24 
compared to ₹ 292 crores in the third quarter of fiscal '23. The EBITDA margin stood at 22.1% 
for the quarter as compared to 25.5% in the same quarter last year. The margins are lower due 
to the initial launch costs for the new projects during this quarter. 
 
Now let me talk about the working capital and the cash flow. On the working capital front, 
with our continued focus on efficient working capital management. During the quarter, we 
have been able to reduce the net working capital to 71 days, which is tad lower by 5 days on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis from 76 days in September 23. During the quarter, we have seen a 
reduction in inventory and receivables within the Lifestyle business and other businesses. 
However, in our real estate business, we continue to launch newer towers and project regularly 
where we incur initial approval costs which leads to an increase in net working capital by ₹120 
crores during the quarter. On an absolute term, our net working capital stood at ₹ 1,925 crores 
in December '23. During the quarter, we have generated operating cash flow of ₹ 319 crores 
and a free cash flow of ₹ 233 crores. 
 
Now let me talk about the consolidated debt position. Our total gross debt stood at ₹ 2,754 
crores with comprises of external gross debt of ₹ 1,054 crores, and NCDs issued by Raymond 
Limited to Raymond Consumer Care of ₹ 1,700 crores. We continue to maintain healthy 
liquidity with cash and cash equivalent of ₹ 1,835 crores as of 31st of December 2023. Our net 
debt stood at ₹ 919 crores, lower by ₹ 220 crores versus September '23 due to healthy cash 
flow generation during the quarter.  
The interest cost in the quarter is ₹ 104 crores, which is higher by ₹ 34 crores on a year-on-
year basis as compared to ₹ 70 crores in the same quarter last year. The rise in interest costs 
can be attributed to several factors. For example, an interest cost of ₹ 38 crores on the NCD 
issue to RCCL, which will be netted off upon the completion of the demerger as the effective 
date is set for April 1, 2023. Increased interest on lease liabilities due to higher rent expenses 
as we are opening new stores throughout the year. Interest of ₹ 10 crores for deferment of 
approval cost payment to MHADA for Bandra project. 
 
Now let me give an update on the demerger status of the Lifestyle business. Based on the 
corporate action initiated, the proposed demerger of Lifestyle business is on track, and the 
company has received the SEBI approval for the same, the extraordinary general meeting for 
shareholders and other such relevant meeting is scheduled on 26th of February '24. The 
demerger will result in 2 independent net-debt free pure-play listed entities a B2C-focused 
lifestyle business, as well as real estate and engineering business with liquidity surplus at the 
group level to spur future growth. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Now let me talk about the current status of the operations and the outlook. The fourth quarter 
began with modest consumer sentiment influenced by moderate discretionary spending and the 
subdued impulse purchases and amid inflation. The ongoing apparel end of season sales saw a 
moderate uptick in consumer demand. In recent quarters, inflation pressures led to a K-curve 
recovery, affecting the discretionary spending of low-income households while witnessing an 
increase in consumption among high-income households. We expect the trade channel to gain 
momentum and secondary sales, which will drive growth.  
Aligned with our guidance from the previous quarter. We are on track to expand our retail 
footprint. And over the next 18 months, we plan to add almost 250 to 300 stores with the asset-
light franchise model. This expansion will be led by an increase in the store network for Ethnix 
by Raymond as well as for all the other apparel brands to cater to the rapidly growing market. 
In the Real Estate segment, in December 2023, we have launched 2 new towers on our Thane 
project, and we are receiving an overwhelming response and witnessing strong booking 
momentum in our Thane projects. This performance reaffirms our customer confidence and 
acceptance of our high-quality products, coupled with fast-paced construction momentum in 
the ongoing projects. Auto ancillary segment is witnessing good growth. However, 
engineering consumables has been weak in the export market. 
Regarding the net working capital, we have been consistently optimizing the net working 
capital in terms of the number of days, and we will continue to maintain the same. From a cash 
flow perspective, there seems to be a dedicated focus on generating free cash flow through a 
profitable growth of the various businesses. 
 
To conclude, I would like to reiterate that Raymond Group will continue to have 3 distinct 
vector of profitable growth that will create shareholder value for each of the businesses. With 
strong free cash flow and no major capex requirement, Raymond Group will remain net cash 
positive going ahead. Now we will open the line for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Good evening gentlemen. My first question is, can you throw more light on the demerger time 
lines by when do you expect the demerger to go through and get listed on the stock exchanges? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. So demerger, as we said, on 26th of February, we have the EGM, and post that, it will be 
filed with NCLT, which we expect that in the first fiscal quarter of '24-25, it will be completed. 
But the effective date of demerger is April 1, 2023. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Sure. And any thoughts on demerger of the auto business later. 
Amit Agarwal: 
See, we have been consistently working on unlocking the value. You have seen how we have 
been able to unlock the value. We want to make sure that the businesses get mature, and then 
we will do the right thing for shareholder value creation. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. On the real estate side, if I look at the profitability, EBITDA margins are in the range of 
24% to 23%, 24% despite own land bank. So how should we think about the profitability as 
you go ahead with the JDA projects also? 
Amit Agarwal: 
The CEO is there. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So, so far, on an average, we have maintained margin over the last few quarters for about 
25%, barring 1 or 2 quarters where you would have seen a slight dip because we have 
launched new projects during those quarters. But on an average, going forward, you can expect 
around 24%, 25% margin on an ongoing basis and it will remain steady is what we feel, unless 
the market starts doing something different. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
So even for the projects and the JDA route, we will have a similar margin. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
That's right. You will have a similar margin. The reason for that is actually quite simple 
because given the FSI norms in the city that have come about after 2034, Thane will enjoy 
similar FSI norms as the BMC areas, but the pricing is very different while Thane is in the 
range of ₹ 20,000 odd number while the other markets that we are looking at, we are looking at 
about ₹ 30,000 or so or slightly higher. So as a result of that, margins will be similar in both 
the locations even after accounting for land in the JDAs. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Sure. And what would be the timelines on launch of further projects, the 3 you 
mentioned on the JDA and the Future Thane potential? 
Management: 
One of the projects that we had signed about a year ago or so, which is the Bandra project, 
very close to BKC, that launch is imminent now. In fact, yes. So we have already applied for 
RERA registration. The moment we get RERA registration in hand, it will be launched. It is 
likely to be this quarter itself. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Okay. And the other question I have is on Branded Apparel. If I look at the margin, the 
margin has improved very sharply to 14% in the quarter, and almost 11.3% in 9 months. So we 
have seen sharp improvement over the past 2, 3 years. Is there a further room for margin 
improvement or most of the low-hanging fruits have been addressed? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So I think you see fundamentally what has happened is we have always spoken as you get 
larger, you will continuously get operating efficiency and leverage of that. And that is helping 
us to improve the margin profile. However, what is very important, as we have spoken a 
number of times, that we want to put significant amount of ads so that we continue to bring 
more and more brand salience. As you see in this year compared to last year, we have doubled 
our spend on the brand. 
Sunil Kataria: 
This is Sunil here. So I think one thing which has very clearly happened for us, and that's a 
clear focus is that we are right now expanding our accessibility to consumers, and that is 
happening through expansion all the 3 channels, which is our own EBO channels, which is 
happening to multi-brand outlet, and which is also happening through large format stores. As a 
result of this, we are getting very significant economies of scale and that is helping us improve 
our gross margins. That is one source, which really gives us an input. Apart from this, we are 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
investing continuously with extra margins behind rentals and behind people, and at the same 
time, advertising the very critical part where we need to bring footfall to the new stores. So I 
think that's the reason between a good judicious mix of gross margin expansion while flowing 
back some part of it back into brand building as the new store opening, I think is what we are 
seeing a good cycle developing for us. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, sure. And one bookkeeping question, the debt number, which we have given in 
presentation doesn't include the payment for Maini Precision, right? So that will be accounted 
in fourth quarter, right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. As we said, the transaction will be consummated finally in the fourth quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix Group. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Congratulations on a good performance in a difficult quarter. So, sir, just wanted to understand 
the Branded Apparel business a bit better because we've delivered very, very strong growth 
20%, so would you say distribution is a key driver? Or we are seeing even the like-for-like 
growth also trending as per our internal plans. 
Sunil Kataria: 
As you said, quarter has been tough. So I would say our like-for-like growth have been much 
better than the industry. The industry we've seen has been pretty much negative in most of the 
results that we've seen and. I think we have been much better than the industry that's one. 
Second, definitely, I think the accessibility increase, reach increase from multichannel is 
giving us a gain, which is clearly a distribution-led game. And the third part, I would say, is 
the adjacencies that we are creating within our product portfolio. For example, we have 
completely overhauled all our 4 brands portfolio, in fact fifth is Ethnix one, which is the new 
one, which is coming to play. For the rest, all four brand portfolio have been completely 
overhauled. We have actually strengthened our portfolio, and we are seeing contribution 
increasing from the casualization of the segment, while we had to have 2 brands, which is 
ColorPlus and Parx, which are 100% casual between Park Avenue and Raymond ready-to-
wear, there's a huge scope up tapping the adjacency of casual wearing which is something 
which we're doing in a very fast one. So that is actually an additional, you can say, an 
addressable market which is opening up for us. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay. And secondly, again, to understand the margin bit, I mean, we are already now reaching 
14% margin despite the fact that we have so many incremental Ethnix stores coming in, which 
I believe might not be that profitable as of now, and the fact that your marketing spend has 
doubled, so what explains this sharp margin improvement?  Because if this is the case in a high 
investment phase, I believe once Ethnix stores will start contributing in marketing, I mean the 
scale moves up, then we are looking at much better, a higher level of margins in the medium 
term. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. See, I'll tell you what. I think for the next couple of years, we are very clear that, as you 
mentioned, that we're likely to open 200 to 300 odd stores. And this will happen across 4 or 5 
brands of ours, including Ethnix, obviously. So I think this will be a run rate which will be 
including a run rate of new stores for us. We will have the cycle of opening new stores. There 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
will be stores which get into a maturity phase of around an 18 to 24 months, they will 
obviously reach a much different level of channel EBITDA margins and overall EBITDA 
margins, but at the same time, we'll be putting back money into expanding into more stores. So 
I think right now, for the next couple of years, we see ourselves being on this treadmill where 
we get accessibility, we include stores, we pull money back into brand building, and we 
continue this virtual cycle going right now. So I think that's the visibility that we'll operate on 
right. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And remind you, as we have spoken a few times that we are very clear that every year, we are 
going to spend compared to the normal cycle of advertisement, anything between ₹ 65 crores 
to ₹ 70 crores incremental ads spend every year in order to bring forward this revenue. 
 
I think you can take another question, maybe his line got disconnected. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohan from InCred Capital. 
Rohan: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have a question in terms of the store expansion 
that we saw this quarter, out of the EBOs that we've added, which brand of ours would have 
seen the most expansion this year and which one would be the focus area going forward? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So actually, I think it's obviously, the lead has been taken by the Ethnix by Raymond, right. 
Because that is a place where we have reached to 105 stores now. But at the same time, the 
focus is across all the 4 brands, Ethnix by Raymond, ColorPlus, Park Avenue, and Raymond 
Ready-to-Wear. In fact, we believe that one of the low-hanging fruits for us, along with 
Ethnix, which is a new launch altogether, it actually Raymond Ready-to-Wear. It's a brand 
which has got a huge consumer equity. It's got a huge resonance power with consumers, but 
that is something which consumers resonate more as a fabric brand. 
 
Given the quality and the designs that we are creating in Raymond Ready-to-Wear, its a matter 
of time to get the right reach in that brand, and that brand will reach a very different level. So I 
would say the answer is It's, by and large, across all brands, but Ethnix by Raymond leads it, 
and I think a very potential low-hanging fruit product is Raymond Ready-to-Wear. 
Rohan: 
Sure. And sir, it's fair to assume that Raymond Ready-to-Wear will also be a focus area in 
terms of the future expansion as well, right? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Very clearly, very clear. 
Sunil Kataria: 
All the brands would be. And as I said, at least 2 of our brands, the adjacency will become 
very important, which is getting into a casual segment. And one of the focus areas we have is 
that for Park Avenue and Raymond Ready-to-Wear, which till now have been seen by and 
large, as formal brands. We also see a huge scope to improve as we get into more and more 
casualization. 
Rohan: 
Okay, sir. And in terms of our omnichannel network expansion, where are we currently out of 
our EBO’s? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Sunil Kataria: 
So when you say omnichannel you mean the LFS and the other channels? 
Rohan: 
Across maybe all of them where are we in terms of percentage or something like that? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. So our overall omnichannel percentage is a double-digit number, roughly around low 
double-digit number is where we currently stand, including e-commerce and other parts of the 
omnichannel. 
Rohan: 
Okay. And I have one more question, which is on the real estate side. So are the 2 new projects 
that we've announced on the JDA model, when do we expect or when can we expect the sales 
processes for these to start? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So typically, in society development, by the time the documentation is done and the site is 
handed over, it is about a 12- to 15-month cycle. Now we've just begun this cycle. And if you 
go by the industry norm, it will be about 15 months, if we go by the Raymond norms, we hope 
to do it in 12 months. So I mean, the earliest possible will be 12 months from now. 
Rohan: 
Okay. Good to hear. Just one more piece on the real estate part. So far, we've done about 5 
projects within our Thane Land parcel, and we've announced 2 this year. So on a steady-state 
basis, maybe how many projects can we expect within the remaining portion of the land 
parcel? And out of that week, do we also plan to go into sort of commercial projects? Or will 
they largely be residential? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
See, as of now, there is no plan for any commercial projects. So I'm answering that one first. 
While we don't rule out the possibility, it all depends on what the opportunity is. But as of 
now, residential is what seems to be most remunerative in terms of monetization of that plan. 
And as far as the run rate for projects is concerned, actually, you would have noticed that we 
are working on a few brands that we have created. One is Ten X brand, the other is Address By 
GS, and the third one is Invictus. So most of the inventory that we will be launching will be 
within these 3 brands, unless there is a subcategory, which certainly, we think is more 
remunerative than which won't fit into these brands. So even in the Thane Land, even if we 
keep launching more buildings, it will be within these 3 brands. While we have 5 projects like 
you rightly said, but these 5 projects are all within these 3 brands itself. 
Moderator: 
We have Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix back in the call. Himanshu, can you please 
complete your follow-up question? 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
So what I was coming to… 
Moderator: 
Himanshu, you are not audible. Can you please speak through the handset? 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Sure. Am I audible now?  
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay. Sorry. So, Sunil, my question was on Ethnix, specifically now that we have 100 stores. 
we have completed one full season, one full year for a lot of the stores. If you can just share 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
some store economics, and how we are trending with regards to the market leader in the space? 
That will be helpful. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. First of all, you see we have touched around 100 stores in number. And there are still a 
large number of stores which have not seen a full year cycle. One more thing which I'd like to 
point out compared to maybe an apparel brand, the Ethnix brand which will be always 
different is that Ethnix has more seasonality than, let's say, a regular apparel brand. 
So to see a full potential of our Ethnix brand would require a longer lead time of, I would say, 
maybe 24 months because there are times when you will just end up in a year seeing one large 
wedding cycle. So I think that is a piece that we are also in a very early stage realizing that 
would be one key way to understand the performance of a store versus a, let's say, a normal 
regular apparel store. 
 
Having said that, I think one thing which I can tell you qualitatively that the numbers that we 
set, hence, I would say it's too premature to maybe just pure play store economics right now. 
The thing which we are now becoming very confident of having touched our 100th store, in 
fact, as we talk it's 105, is that three things have -- I would say are proof of concept is through 
completely. One is that our product portfolio, which is very critical in this segment is a winner. 
And that is something as a winner, I think, a competitive as well as on absolute form. We 
believe we have got it absolutely right also. 
 
But when we see with competition, I think we have got the right sweet spot of the target group, 
and quality, and design and pricing. That I think -- that is the heart of this segment. Second, I 
think our store design ambience and experience. We have done consumer researches on that. I 
think that, again itself has become come out as a very, very premium and consumers feel up, 
consumer experience and service is very good. 
 
And the third part, the kind of traction that we've seen. And in fact, I would say this is the first 
really first two season of our Ethnix stores in that time. So last year, we're just ramping up on 
the season happened, we just got over COVID. And while this wedding season also has been a 
bit of mixed but within that whole 60 days that we've seen, I think we've seen a very, very 
sharp jump in our SPSF in those 60 days length, and that has given us -- actually, we are pretty 
confident that where we set out to, we are close to reaching that. 
 
As far as the full economics, I think maybe another cycle goes, we'll have a better handle on 
this. But I think we're buying large on track what we want to. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Understood. And final question would be on the garmenting business, where we were seeing 
good traction for the last many quarters. And obviously, we're doing a lot of capacity 
expansion here as well. So can you explain what I mean, what explains the muted performance 
specifically in this quarter? And is there any change to our near to medium-term outlook on 
this particular business? That will be all for me. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, I think Himanshu what has happened is in this quarter now, 2 things have happened. 
I'm sure you have heard globally the denim market has been very, very slow. And in this 
quarter, we have seen a big shortfall in the order in the denim, because certain portion of this is 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
also supplied for the denim market. Second thing, there was a certain order which was 
supposed to be dispatched by the end of the quarter, which has been shifted to the next quarter. 
 
However, I think very important is to see, in spite of this impact, you see and we are expanding 
the capacity, we are training our staff, but we have expanded our margins. And I think that is 
important to see that how we are able comfortably to improve the business. And one quarter in 
the export business will always find plus and minus because of the delay in the shipments. 
I think we are very clear that the growth is intact. Even today, when we talk about -- we are 
booked out for the next 6 months. So therefore, we have never seen a shortfall on the orders in 
the main line of business, except for the denim, which was a big drop in this quarter. 
Sunil Kataria: 
And one more thing, what I would say is that there is a very clear focus that we have in this 
strategy, and which is something which we are pretty happy about is that we see that it has 
been -- we are in two things here. One is we are acquiring a set of large strategic customers. 
Obviously, we can't tell you which ones are those because for whatever reason. But I think 
that's the area where we are seeing a very strong strategic partnership getting built. Second, 
new geography, again we have always been very strong in U.S., where we are looking for 
more customers. We have been very decent well placed in the U.K. But what we are saying is 
now we have open up -- open a new geographies like Europe and the area of focus for us in 
Japan. So I think there is a pretty decent headroom of growth, obviously, assuming that 
something doesn't chaotically clear up in the global economy. Those are macro conditions, 
which we can't predict. Given that other things remain stable, given that we are -- we are 
opening up new geographies, given that we have today a very, very strong pipeline of building 
up strategic customers. I think a quarter here and there happens, but I think in a mid- to long 
term, we have very well placed on this.  
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Great. Great. That's all from me, team. Congratulations again and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Runit Kapoor from Systematix Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Yes. Hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity. So I had a question on the Real Estate sector. So 
with the Oberoi Realty launching in Thane, how do you see price hike going forward? And 
how do you feel this will affect the velocity of your sales? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Oberoi has launched one of the projects, yes, that's right. Now it will not be right for us to 
comment on what competition is doing. We can share with you that there has been no impact 
on our sales. In fact, we've done better than the last quarter in Q3 also, and we continue to do 
so. As far as price hike is concerned, it's an equation of consumer sentiment, demand, supply, 
and trust, there's so many factors which come into play. But having so many years in the 
industry, I don't think rapid price increases are actually healthy or good for the market. A 
stable market is always better and which is what we've been seeing in Mumbai, while the 
North Indian market, the Delhi and NCR market is running ahead already. But I think the 
Mumbai market still remains very healthy with a steady price increase, not going crazy. We 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
continue to see the same trend playing out in Thane as well as larger MMR market. It's a more 
mature stable market, not too much of speculation. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And I think what is also important is to see that, look, when we launch a project, day 1, we are 
able to book 15%, 20% of our launched inventory. That reflects that people come and buy into 
the product. And the level of confidence which we give to the customers is very, very 
different. Third thing, just to give you a simple perspective from one of the reports we have 
figured out that we have become the Top 5 Developers in Mumbai region. And the pricing in 
South Mumbai is far different compared to what is in Thane. So therefore, it reflects that 
clearly, our projects are selling very, very well. 
Runit Kapoor: 
So do you feel that pricing will remain stagnant for the year or 2, like not much or 5% to 6% 
price hike. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
On an average, the price hike is between 6% and 8% over the last 2 years in MMR market. I 
think the same trend will continue, and the Thane will not be left out, it will enjoy the same 
benefit I mean that's a prediction that we have. It's a hypothesis. Only time will tell. But 6% to 
8% is, I think, very safe to assume that market will see price rise. And the infrastructure 
development in Mumbai MMR region is going to support the demand, especially in the Thane, 
Navi Mumbai region. There is no supply overhang as such while everybody talks about a lot of 
supply, a lot of supply, but it comes in dribs and drabs, and the demand is still kind of 
outpacing and it's very robust it's staying ahead of the supply as of now. So there is a lot of 
steam in the market for the next 3, 4 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan: 
I just have one question on Ethnix. In terms of the franchise inquiries, have they been 
trending? And out of our current store count of 105, what would be the mix of franchise stores 
there? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. So roughly around the mix, we are operating on 20% COCO stores out of this mix. So 
that is something which we have been pretty cautious about that I think we will stay around 
this level because we also want to create some marquee stores, where we can build a lot of 
brand building around because if you have a marquee store, which you get in, let's say, Karol 
Bagh in Delhi or let's say, Commercial Street in Bangalore, or Colaba that we have in Mumbai. 
That become itself long-term brand building and marketing support tools, their flagships. So I 
think 20% of that would go towards building stores which can drive brand equity itself. It 
doesn't mean that they won't break even, they would break even themselves, obviously. Hence, 
those properties we may want to invest ourselves. And the idea we want to invest ourselves if 
there are some very good mall stores that we get. And that is an area of another focus that we 
are looking at getting present into some very, very premium malls that itself. Having said that 
20% COCO and the balance is a non-coco stores mix that we are working towards. And your 
other question was, sorry? 
Rohan: 
The other question was in terms of inquiries from like new franchise. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Sunil Kataria: 
Franchises. Yes, this is one big changer. Obviously, when you came out of COVID, it was a 
very different mode, different atmosphere. I think initially, people were not sure that how we 
will go about the brand. I think as I said, the confidence that we have, is in a matter of now 15, 
16 months, we have touched 100 stores. So, I think that the message has gone out very clearly. 
That, first, we are very serious about it. Second, people know that Raymond has a right to win 
given our equity around weddings and the way we are a brand, which is one of the highest 
salience in the country. And third, I think what people have seen in terms of the product 
portfolio, the first season feedback, I think that's a very, very positive inquiry set that we're 
getting now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. Firstly, I'm not sure if it's been already asked, but on the status on Bandra launch who was 
supposed to happen this quarter. And just a follow-up on that, what kind of pricing that we are 
seeing now, where would be the revenue potential of that project considering now we are 
closer to launch that project? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
The launch is on schedule as we had committed that it will be this quarter. So we're just 
waiting for the registration to come through. So it will be launched. The launch is imminent. 
The revenue potential was stated earlier when we had got the project around ₹ 2,000 crores. So 
we are on target with that. The market has only become better since then, and not worse. So we 
obviously hope to do slightly better than what we had thought of. Pricing is something which 
you will know closer to launch, one day before please get in touch with us. We'll reserve one 
apartment for you. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Yes. Got it. And secondly, so congrats on a couple of acquisitions that we did this 
quarter. Just how should we look at the growth from here on? Like is there any specific targets 
in mind about the number of projects you want to acquire or investments we want to spend on 
acquiring new projects. So if you can help us understand that how are you going ahead with 
the growth plan in the real estate business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Very simple. We have 100 acres of land bank. Of which 40 acres has been under construction, 
residential development, which delivers ₹ 9,000 crores of revenue. The balance 60 acres has 
the potential to deliver another ₹ 16,000 crores. That will be developed over the 7, 8, 10 years. 
Now we have said rightfully right from the beginning onwards that over the next 4 to 5 years, 
we are looking at it that anything between 40% to 50% should come from the JDA in the 
MMR region and the balance would come from the Thane Land. So we believe in the next 4 to 
5 years, we should see anything revenue from the real estate side of anything between ₹ 3,500 
crores to ₹ 4,000 crores per annum. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
So now we have almost ₹ 5,000 crores of non-Thane projects in your pipeline. Assuming that 
that gets monetized in the next four, five years, that should contribute to the ₹ 1,000-odd 
crores. So you would incrementally obviously look at projects which can contribute another ₹ 
1,000-odd crores. And in that development, I mean, that pipeline can build up in next 2, 3 
years? What's the sense like? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So in the next 3 to 4 years, and you know in this industry, it's a continuous process. So it's 
not something that you build once and then you stop. So each year, there will be a buildup. 
And we are going about it in a very cautious manner. We have a criteria in terms of what kind 
of projects we want, what locations we want, what stage of project, and what kind of risk 
profile that we are looking at. And as we go forward and we launch more projects, our capacity 
to do maybe a different type of portfolio also will change. So the strategy can also undergo a 
change, which can lead to a higher growth going forward have started in a cautious way, but 
our response in the market has been very encouraging and pretty good in that sense. So we are 
very grateful for that. And going forward, we only see this trend accelerating in terms of 
growth. Now it's difficult to give a number, which is an opportunistic market. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. So just lastly, if you can help me understand what is the initial investment that is needed 
from our side for Mahim and Sion projects? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Sorry, initial what? 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Investments? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Investments. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
How much we have to mostly pay to -- I mean I just it's a redevelopment project, but what is 
the kind of initial investment that has to go for that project? Just trying to got that by spending 
how much you have got this ₹ 3,000-odd crores kind of additional pipeline. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So, each project that we are assessing currently given that the criteria that we have, we look at 
a peak investment somewhere between ₹ 250 crores to ₹ 350 crores for each project depending 
on the type of projects. But that's the broad range within which the peak investment would lie. 
And these are all residential projects, very, very strong locations, very deep markets. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. That's it from my side, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mithun from Kivah Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mithun: 
Yes. Sir, just wanted to understand in terms of your strategy with Ethnix, is there a certain 
number of stores that you're targeting? And what would our current kind of revenue run rate be 
on that brand? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. First of all, let's take the first question. I think what we are looking at is we have done a 
pretty good analysis of what markets contribute to what kind of percentage of branded ethic 
wear in the country today. And what kind of growth rates. And we can always estimate which I 
like to reach. Our estimate is that if we can reach 300-odd stores in the top Tier 1, 2, 3 of this 
country, I think that will reach to roughly around almost 80%, 85% of the market. Right 
 
Of the branded market over this market obviously keeps on upgrading itself and it keeps on 
moving itself. So I think having touched, let's say, 105 stores today over the next 2 years, the 
one big aspiration for us would be at least to reach 300-odd stores. This number can obviously 
change. We find a very different traction, it can go up. But I think if I would say a good 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
addressable market number. Tier 1 to 3 -- 300 gives you a very, very good foothold. It also 
makes you be very careful that you are not getting into markets, which may not be very 
profitable, with maybe too much of volatility. I think in this sense it’s a good number to target, 
and that is something we very confident will reach, give or take a few quarters here and there. 
In terms of the way you think the run rate of the stores of -- Ethnix stores is, as I said, we've 
seen the first full season really right now. It's actually almost if you see, it’s 60-odd days we 
have seen and then as we've seen the markets have been weak. But so the ARRs in this market, 
again, there's a learning that we are getting very early, and it's we'll also learn along with the 
taking insight from you guys who have been tracking this sector is that until you see 2 full 
cycles, it is very difficult to call something like ARR in this industry. 
You will see a huge spike when the season happens, and then it will get moderated when the 
season is not there. So I don't think the ARR is the right way to look at. I think the impact 
SPSF, the sales per square feet will change a lot with defining ARR, I think it's the way to see 
how much you can get traction in the wedding season and the second pivot, which we are 
trying to develop, to which we believe could be a differentiator is, how do you build over a 
period of time less drop in a non-wedding season. I think that's another important bit which we 
think one should develop over a time. 
 
So one area that we are working on is what we call, Smart Ethnix, is that's another area that we 
are developing. It's very, very small for us right now. But as you will see noticing going 
forward in Ethnix stores that we think this whole consumer trend that consumers are wearing 
ethnic wear, not the typical wedding type, but the regular bundies, the regular casual ethnic 
shirts or short kurtas, etc, which today they wear to Fridays to office or evening wear in 
parties, etc. So we think that as a potential segment, which will help us even out some of the 
trust which may happen. So I think that's a broad direction that we are looking at. 
Mithun: 
All right. And just a question at saying -- you also had a Raymond Home brand, right? It's still 
quite visible. I just wanted to understand, is there any focus there? What sort of revenues do 
you clock on an annual basis on that business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, we still have that business, and it's a good business. We have been working hard on the 
business. You see that advertisement also we supply to the large, what we call, MBOs and LFS 
stores. And we believe that it also has a great potential to grow from a current level of, let's 
say, ₹ 150 crores, ₹ 160 crores revenue we are thinking that it has the potential to also grow 
itself to -- double itself in the next 3 to 4 years, yes. 
Sunil Kataria:                  I think this is an area where we will be doing more work right now even that other areas are 
developed. So you're right, it's a business we are not giving up. It's a business which is an 
adjacency, which we believe is something where we can have a right to win. We will need to 
do some work on 3 areas there, and that's an area identified for the coming year. One is clearly 
reworking out and preimmunizing our product portfolio. I think premiumization is a very 
important pivot there. Second is it's a business where we have not maybe invested as of now 
into a strong distribution expansion. So that's another area we have identified that, okay, there's 
an area where this distribution expansion is a quasi FMCG in that sense if you see. So that's an 
area where we are building in. And the third one, which we are clearly looking at is a 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
possibility of some kind of institutional businesses if we can crack some models there. But 
product, brand building, and GTM is a place where we'll go into, this is a business which has 
potential. We will give more focus in the coming years. 
Mithun: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Thanks, gentlemen, again. So my first question is how should we think about sales growth per 
square feet or SSG in the apparel business, given our distribution network with the 
combination of TRS and EBO? 
Amit Agarwal 
Yeah, I think -- you see we have demonstrated very clearly 20% growth, 18% for the 9 months 
and 20% for the quarter on the apparel. And that is reflective because of our EBO expansion as 
well as we are getting more and more doors. So what will happen is this is a journey which we 
are on and with the advertisement spend on doubling, this will help us to grow. And you see 
the SPSF will not come from one day to another day. Because as we see becomes more and 
more brand visible. As per saying, you make a sale, if customer can see. So that is exactly 
what we are on thought process in order to grow all our brands. 
Sunil Kataria: 
I'll tell you we have three pivots. I think the question which you are asking is how the like-to-
like growth do will move over a period of time. Okay. So one thing which we are seeing is that 
-- I can tell you when our current three apparel brands, the overall SPSF are pretty healthy. 
I mean, because see all the brands, whether it's Color Plus, whether it is Park Avenue or 
whether it is Raymond ready-to-wear, they have a very strong equity with consumers. What 
we are doing right now in the enhanced SSGs, one is brand building, second is product 
portfolio expansion is a very important area, which is [inaudible 55:57]. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience. We have the line for the management 
reconnected. Sir, you may go ahead. 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes, sorry. We broke in the middle. So I think the whole SSG growth will be led by category 
expansion, our brand building and as a result, generation of greater footprint stores. We are 
pretty confident that we will get a good mix of distribution-led as well as same-store growth 
combination over the years now. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Would it be fair to say growth of the 20% as could be led by same-store sales growth and half 
could be led by the expansion? 
Sunil Kataria: 
I think it's currently; you can say it's more skewed towards expansion because we are being 
expansion across not only EBO, I think there's another very important pivot of growth which 
we may not -- which may -- we don't maybe consider too often. One is the footprint expansion 
of EBOs, but I think there is also these brands have a lot of potential to gain market shares 
through multi-brand outlets as well multi-branch channels like large format stores. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
So we have got into, again, a very strong strategic tie with large format stores. We are doing a 
very large expansion of multi-brand outlet presence. And I think between these 3, is where this 
growth is coming from, and there's a huge headroom to grow for us all the 3 channels. 
 
And obviously, the other one which we have is, which I think none of us talked about it, a 
very, very 100% captive channel that we have 1,140-odd stores in this country of The 
Raymond stores. Now one area which we have expanded is that these stores have a 
contribution of both fabric and apparel sales. 
 
So once when focus area that we have taken is that we are -- how do we take salience of 
apparel business through our Raymond stores. Because that's a very, very strong brand, which 
is built in this country over generations. So there -- but this one thing which helps us a lot of 
this casualization of this what you call smart casual, which we're doing, that actually 
automatically gives us a captive 100% presence around 1,000 footprints of around 670, 680-
odd cities in India. And given the brand building that we're doing, we expect the apparel 
salience in our Raymond stores to go up. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Sure. And would it be possible to share brand-wise sales? 
Sunil Kataria: 
No, I think that's something we would not like to disclose at this stage. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And would the Ethnix by Raymond EBITDA positive at the current moment? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Right now, as you said, it's very early days. If you remember that we are in the 100th store out 
of this, many stores have opened in the last six months. So I think this -- any business has its 
own break-even time of over a few years. We are clearly right now on the stage of getting the 
right properties. 
We have cracked the portfolio, getting the right locations, we are tracking our KPIs very 
clearly. I think in the end, we want to invest in our brand. So I think that's the focus on getting 
the growth of footprint and getting the growth of the revenue up right now rather than getting 
too hacked up on immediately EBITDA positive of as this business is an investment phase for 
some years. 
Sunil Kataria: 
I can tell you, which is that this business obviously has much different gross margin compared 
to apparel business. What you will see is that as we get economies of scale in this business, 
we'll continue to expand gross margins. And again, as I said, we've done the apparel business, 
we'll continue to do a very smart reinvestment of this behind brand building, band store 
expansion, etc. I think this is a business which is nurture. This is a business, which is our 
investment phase, and I think that's where the focus should be. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO, for closing comments. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much. We look forward to talking to all of you in the next quarter. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
