
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
“City Union Bank Limited 
3QFY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
      
 
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. N. KAMAKODI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CITY UNION BANK 
LIMITED 
 
MR. J. SADAGOPAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– CITY UNION BANK LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. PRABAL GANDHI – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to City Union Bank 3QFY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prabal Gandhi from Ambit Capital. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Gandhi. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Thank you, Yusuf. On behalf of Ambit Capital, I once again welcome you all 
for City Union Third Quarter Call. On the management side, we have Dr. N. 
Kamakodi, MD and CEO; and Mr. J. Sadagopan, CFO. Without further ado, I 
hand over the call to Dr. Kamakodi for his opening remarks, post which we can 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Good evening, everyone. Hearty welcome to all of you for this conference call 
to discuss the unaudited financial results of City Union Bank for the third 
quarter ended 31st December 2023. Board approved the results today, and I 
assume you all have received the copies of the results and the presentation. 
During the past 3 con calls, we had shared with you all the following 
expectations for the financial year '23, '24.  
 
We are aiming at 12 to 15 percentage growth for financial year '24 
and the growth skewed towards year-end. 
 
We are working hard to achieve double-digit advance growth.  
 
We are working to accelerate proper implementation of the digital 
lending process initiated with the help BCG and we have already rolled 
out first to face of the automated loan underwriting process. It may 
take a few quarters to show benefits in our bottom line.  
 
Despite headwinds in the margin, base figures and growth. We expect 
we should be closing financial year '24 with a decent PAT growth, 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
substantial reduction in NPA, improved coverage ratio and ROA close 
to our long-term average of 1.5%. 
 
Our recoveries more than the slippages, we expect the same to 
continue for remaining quarters, and our slippages will be back to the 
pre-COVID level.  
 
We will strengthen the leadership team to make organization future-
ready with the digital, retail, et., so that they will become the growth 
engine for the future.  
We are here, by and large, progressing on these lines, except on the growth, 
which is also we have just started seeing a positive trend. 
 
With the implementation of the digital process, we have started seeing things 
turning positive in a phased manner. While most of our peers are achieving 
mid-teens growth in advances aided by growth in retail consumption lending, 
unsecured lending, personal lending, etcetera. As discussed earlier, we are not 
active in those areas.  
Post pandemic, the growth was settling during mid-financial year '22. When 
we compare December '22 with December '21, we had a terminal advance 
growth of 12 percentage and daily average advanced growth for the month of 
December to December was 14 percentage. Post-COVID, our concentration 
remained on gold loans, and we had grown by 34 percentage in Gold loan 
segment in the same period. After regulatory observation on KCC agri loan in 
December 22, we had to degrow the KCC gold loan amounting to about 
INR4,000 crores, starting from January 2023 by completely stopping new KCC 
loan, which stood at INR229 crores as of 31st of December 2023 from 
INR4,000 crores as we discussed. 
 
During the corresponding period, our non-agri gold loan grew by 28 
percentage of INR1,200 crores. You may also remember about the divergence 
issue last year. Because of these disturbances, our daily average advance 
growth started reducing from 12 to 14 percentage in December '22 to 3 to 4 
percentage till September '23. We also started introduction of the digital 
lending practices. 
 
Not only we are seeing things settling. For the last 2 months from November, 
we are able to see INR400-odd crores monthly credit growth turning up, which 
should translate into restoring 12 to 14 percentage annualized growth going 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
forward. We hope that introduction and settling of digital lending processes 
should also support this growth. All other factors have settled well.  
 
The recoveries in NPA are increasing over and above the slippages resulting in 
reduction in the gross NPA, net NPA and the provision requirements. Hence, 
we are able to see decent PAT growth because of reduced credit cost, even 
though there are headwinds in growth and operating profit for us. 
 
Our PAT has grown by 16% in Q3 financial year '24 and stood at INR 253 
crores compared to INR 218 crores in Q3 financial year '23. The ROA for Q3 
financial year '24 was 1.49% compared to 1.34 % in Q3 financial year and 
1.52% for 9 months financial year '24, which is our long-term average. The 
PAT for 9 months financial year '24 is INR 761 crores and we hope to cross 4-
digit PAT figure for financial year '24 as said during our earlier con calls for the 
first time. 
 
Our annualized slippage ratio for Q3 has come down to 1.70% in Q3 financial 
year '24 from the peak of 5.56% % annualized in Q4 financial year '20. It has 
also reduced from 2.06 % in Q2 financial year '24, showing sequential decrease 
and coming closer to pre-COVID level. 
 
The slippage of our Q3 financial year '24 is INR187 crores while total recoveries 
made is INR289 crores, comprising of INR224 crores from live NPA accounts, 
and INR65 crores from the technically written off accounts. As I said in our last 
con call, live recovery has surpassed the live slippage in the current quarter as 
well. We expect this trend to continue in the coming quarters also. The gross 
NPA declined to 4.47% in Q3 financial year '24 as compared to 4.66% in Q2 
financial year '24 and 4.91% in Q1 financial year '24 are showing sequential 
decrease. 
 
The net NPA declined to INR941 crores as on 31st of December 2023 and is a 
2.19% for Q3 financial year '24, compared to 2.67 % in Q3 financial year '23. 
The net NPA is also decreasing trend in the current financial year, that is 2.51 
% in Q1 FY '24, 2.34% in Q2 FY '24 and 2.19% in Q3 financial year '24.  
Our yield on advances for Q3 FY 24 stood at 9.62% compared to 9.16% in the 
corresponding quarter last year. If we factor one time interest reversal of 
around Rs.25 Cr for non performing FITL accounts, the yield would have been 
9.85% for Q3 FY 24. Our NIM for the current quarter is at 3.50% and for 9M 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
FY 24 is at 3.63%. If we factor the above one-off item, our NIM would have 
been at 3.67% for Q3 FY 24 and 3.69% for 9M FY 24. 
 
Our cost to income ratio for Q3 FY 24 is at 48.64% and the same is at 45.65% 
for 9M FY 24. As said in our earlier calls, the CIR will be at elevated levels due 
to the cost involved in the automation process and will come back to 40 - 45% 
range post completion of the same. 
 
So far, we have opened the 20 branches in this financial year, taking our total 
number of branches to 772. By the financial year-end financial year 2024, we 
are planning to open our 800 branch.  
The process of strengthening leadership team is in advanced stage. The first 
set of senior team members are joining in February. They will be contributing 
to strengthen our capabilities in digital lending, retail, data analytics etc. Before 
the next quarter results, most of them would have joined our bank.  
 
To sum up, we should be achieving the 4-digit PAT for financial year '24 for 
the first time. Our NPA slippages have come down significantly and the live 
NPA recoveries have surpassed the live slippages. Hence, going forward, we 
are on the right track of getting back to pre-COVID level of NPAs. Our 
performance level is by and large as per our numbers shared, except of our 
growth. For the past 2 months, we are seeing positive growth as per our 
expectation. And we expect the same will get better and better. 
 
The digital lending process is going as per the schedule, which will help in 
achieving the improved credit growth in the coming quarters. And ROAs are 
back to 1.5%, which used to be our long-term average. And our net interest 
margin is also stable. 
Overall, with this opening remarks, I leave the forum for questions. Over to 
you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. So my first question is on growth. So if I got it right from 
your opening remarks, you're saying that guidance for FY'24 has been 
maintained at 12% to 14%. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, I don't think we will be able to cross double digit. Hopefully, we should be 
getting closer to the double digit. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. Got that. And secondly, you mentioned about this FITL impact, which 
hurt your yields in Q3. So could you just elaborate a bit what exactly has 
happened here? And how that has resulted in interest reversals? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the FITL is the facility which was given to the loan when the restructuring 
was done during the COVID. This FITL is nothing but giving funded interest 
term loans as part of the restructuring package. And this INR25 crores reversal 
is from the interest income of those FITL given to those borrowers, and this is 
the portion of the interest for those restructured loans, which turned into NPA. 
So that 25 is the reversal from the interest income. 
Mona Khetan: 
Got that, okay. Because of some restructured book turning into NPA. Got it, 
sir. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Tara Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, sir. I have a further question on the growth guidance 
that you're talking about. I think you said we will be somewhere in near to 
double digit. So that means that we have to effectively get a growth rate of 
8% to 9% in this quarter, which seems very difficult and which seems very 
optimistic considering the fact that past three quarters, it has been a negative 
growth to a very low single-digit growth of 2% to 3%. So what makes us 
optimistic about achieving that 8%, 9% growth also? And how has been the 
progress in the month of January, so as to get in comfort on this number? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, if you see our fourth quarter growth in the past, we typically used to have 
about INR2,200 crores to INR2,400 crores. Say, for example, our highest was 
us in '21, '22 fourth quarter when we had INR2,768 crores. And we had earlier 
two years lower, but before that and all about INR2,428 crores and INR2,311 
crores and things like that.  
As you said, it may look optimistic only and I will not be in a position to assure 
everything. But what I can definitely tell you is that two, three things which 
are happening now, which has to support us. One is that whatever unwinding 
of KCC book on gold loan as discussed, it is by and large over. So we should 
be seeing some amount of growth back in the gold loan. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
The first phase of automated lending for less than INR3 crores is by and large 
through which would also support. As we had discussed in the past, during the 
COVID we had multiple headwinds from our various quarters, we are setting 
one piece after the other back on track and we are able to do that without 
basically compromising on the overall ROA and PAT.  
So our levers now currently which are favourable are the NPA slippages under 
recovery. With that, we are managing our profitability growth. At the same 
time, the challenges in the growth are getting addressed one after the other. 
We are trying our best to have everything together. We have to see that in 
that way only. And we are putting our best effort to achieve all these pieces 
together. And as of now, like we will see as it comes.  
But we are able to see, particularly for the last two months, the average credit 
growth is coming back to about 1% per month, which should accelerate, 
because in these last two quarters, the complete unwinding of gold loan was 
not over.  
So keeping all these things into account, we are working. We are trying to pass 
this period to ensure the profitability and the return metrics are properly 
maintained. At the same time, before we exhaust these levers, growth will also 
back and we should start seeing the NII growth and operating profit growth. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, just one thing. Actually, in Q2 also, we had this guidance of a double digit, 
I think, 12% to 14%. And in between, there were some media article which 
said that the growth is going to come down to a very low single digit of 1% or 
2%. But I think the company clarified that we are sticking back to the original 
guidance. And I think that clarification came somewhere in the mid of 
December. So if in December, it was being said that 12% to 14% is the original 
to which we are sticking…  
N. Kamakodi: 
No, no, no… 
Mohit Jain: 
And of these last two months, you are saying 1% is the growth rate in last two 
months it is happening. So how should we read the overall guidance, sir? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, the point which when I started, I said I compiled all the points which were 
given in the earlier con-calls. So first con-call, we had -- we expected 12 to 14 
percentage, and then we had to moderate it to, let's say, double digit. And 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
some of the things, whatever we expected, although they are directionally 
positive, we are yet to get to the full grip.  
Now we are seeing some amount of positive steps, particularly from all 
directions, wherever we had a negative impact. And we are putting our best 
effort to take it forward. So till that -- before we achieve the growth, 
fortunately, our other levers are working even though we had headwinds in 
terms of the growth. Other levers, particularly the asset quality front is helping 
us.  
That is why we are able to manage our PAT growth and moving forward. So 
the point is that till we get to the full grip on the growth, we have sufficient oil 
in the cylinders for the credit cost. That's why I say these are all the things we 
told we are giving our best effort. Let us see how things move forward. 
Mohit Jain: 
Yes. What is the deposit growth that we are targeting for the year? 
N. Kamakodi: 
We will have the deposit growth matching the credit growth. We are not going 
very aggressive in deposit growth. We are balancing them. We have our credit 
deposit ratio around 80 to 83 % and capital adequacy is above 20 %. The 
deposit growth will not hamper the advances growth anytime sooner. So we 
we'll start working out on the deposit growth once we are able to fix this. 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Franklin Moraes from Equentis 
Wealth Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So could you please maybe elaborate 
on this Y-o-Y growth? I was not very clear because at the start, you mentioned 
12% to 15%. So does that hold true? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. See, to start with, I recollected what and all we discussed during the earlier 
three conference calls. At the beginning, we expected the growth rate to be 
between 12 and 14 percentage, and we thought it should be at least double 
digit. And now perhaps we told, we are not giving you any expected number 
and all. So we are putting our best effort to get as close as possible to the 
double-digit growth.  
The things which are positive for us is the gold loan degrowth of INR4,000 
crores in KCC segment, which happened last year is almost over. And then the 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
first stage of digital lending process has started. And we also have started 
seeing about INR400-odd-crores growth in the last couple of months. So the 
things have to progressively get better and better is what I have told for the 
future. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Yes. And so how long will it take for you to come back to that 12% to 15% 
guidance? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Probably, we will give you the exact number once we get the total grip in the 
fourth quarter when we meet during the next con-call. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Okay. Sir, and also you had guided on lower NPAs by March '24. So does that 
hold true? And is there any visibility beyond that as well? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. As of now, as we told in the earlier con-calls, we get a benefit of about 
not less than about INR200 crores compared to the previous year in credit cost 
because of the lower slippages, vis-à-vis the recovery. We are able to see that 
point visible for a few more quarters at least. 
Now as I told in the earlier con-call, we used to operate, about 6 to 8 %  SMA2 
of which about one-third -- about 2 % will become NPA. But now post this 
clean-up which happened, we are able to see the slippages have come back 
to less than 2 percentage and also the SMA2 numbers was in 2+ % perhaps 
lowest to whatever we have dealt in the past.  
So these numbers are giving us confidence that both the lower slippages and 
the higher recoveries which are happening, we'll be able to protect our PAT 
growth and also lowering of our NPA as we move forward. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Yes. So what I was trying to understand is this improvement, is it last only for 
one quarter, wherein we see better recoveries and upgrades? Or could there 
be more? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes, at least for not less than three, four quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajkumar Vaidyanathan, Individual 
Investor. 
Rajkumar Vaidyanathan: 
The first question is on the recent floods in Tamil Nadu state where 
your bank has a significant presence I just want to know what is the impact in 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
the current quarter? Or do you expect any source from in the upcoming 
quarter? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Very insignificant. In Thoothukudi floods, about three, four branches could not 
function for about two, three days and even water came in our couple of 
branches. Those sort of operational issues were there. Even in Chennai flood 
the extra couple of days of holidays were there, apart from that, there was not 
much of impact. We don't expect any significant impact because of floods so 
far. 
Rajkumar Vaidyanathan: 
Okay. And sir, the second question is, the ten year recent bond yields 
have started softening today after the budget we see that the significant drop 
in bond yields -- so just want to know what would be the impact or how much 
uplift we will get in the upcoming quarters? 
N. Kamakodi: 
You will have some profit booking activities since the yields have increased 
significantly. The drop which has been seen today is only maybe 10, 15 
percentage of the increase in yield that has happened in the last year or so. 
So if this trend continues, we may have, but I'm not sure to what extent this 
trend will continue, number one. Number two, from first half April 2024, the 
rules of holding in HTM, the profit booking concepts are changing. 
If the yield decrease in the next year, you can book a profit in the HTM up to 
5%, if it crosses 5 % you have to disclose the mark-to-market. But under the 
new rule, you cannot make any sell beyond the 5%.  
So the profit opportunity, whatever you are seeing as of now, I won't say it 
will be very significant to book it. But if this trend continues, the profit booking 
opportunities will be there in the fourth quarter, but it cannot continue for the 
next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Arun Selvan, Independent Advisors Private. 
Arun Selvan: 
Yes. Great. I just wanted to understand a little bit more about the changes 
that have been implemented to bring about digital lending. You were talking 
about the project that was advised by BCG. Could you just give us a little bit 
more colour on what kind of changes have been -- what kind of initiatives have 
been taken by the bank so far? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
As I told you, the first phase of the project is over. In that, all the facilities, 
which are less than INR3 crores, now the turnaround time for the customers 
could be as low as one day. Probably 70%, 80% of the things, the turnaround 
time for giving in-principle sanction can happen within, 48 hours or so. 
Earlier, this entire process used to take weeks, if not months. So this is going 
to make the customers to receive our decision for facilities, which are less than 
INR3 crores, as good as instantly. Now we have started our project of 
enhancing this to Rs.5crores. The testing has already started. 
Now what we are having is that we are both processing them manually and 
also through the system. So we will be going ahead with that for about one 
month, comparing the results of the both. And whatever tweaking that needs 
to be done on the parameters will be done in the due course. So, in the next 
one month or so if everything works well, we will be in a position to give the 
in-principle sanction for all the facilities less than INR5 crores 
The decision -- if all the data input and the supporting documents given by the 
customers and uploaded, we will be able to give on the same day. And there 
may be 80, 90 % of the cases in the next 48 hours. So this is for the turnaround 
time and the customer experience 
Many of the parameters, which will be influencing an account -- the probability 
of default is now captured and the system will give the decisions based on this 
API integration and the parametric testing and it will give a better 
measurement of probability of default. 
It will give a decision whether the proposal can be accepted as it is or which 
needs a manual check-in or which should not be accepted at all - is expected 
to continuously reduce the probability of default of the portfolio, which will 
take like a few quarters for that to stabilize. 
Overall, number one, it is going to reduce the turnaround time and make the 
customer experience much better. Number two, it will be, making the 
measurement of probability of default better and the decision-making in a 
much better manner. Third thing is that this will open up a lot of surplus 
capacity in both sales and credit processing which will increase our capacity to 
meet more customers to source more. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
And, to make our credit processing centers to take a better decisions and more 
quality work. So the customer experience part is immediate, it could be felt to 
the customers immediately. So we have already started giving it for less than 
INR3 crores. So in the next few weeks, it will be increasing to INR5 crores, and 
then, it will be increased up to INR7.5 crores, which is given as the threshold 
of the retail by the regulator. 
So this is basically the correction of the entire thing, which is basically all the 
checking that had to be done manually even our internal parameter, external 
parameters, those things get now automated. 
Arun Selvan: 
Okay. That's great to hear. I was actually trying to understand whether this 
would impact -- this should have some sort of an impact on the core quality of 
the underwriting team, would it aid the team or would it have no difference? 
Is there -- I meant to understand this the automation also includes a 
component, which affects the quality of the underwriting. Does that remain 
the same? Does it… 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, no. Absolutely, you have multiple impacts One, as I said, the quality of 
turnaround time for the customer. Number two, the quality of decision-making 
will be much better because the actual probability of default under the health 
of the proposal, the points which cannot be seen by the naked eye in the 
manual processes are now easily added to the automation because of a lot of 
API integrations and things like that. So the quality of decision-making will 
improve. 
The slippages will drastically come down as we move forward, which has 
already been visible from some of the banks which have gone into this path. 
So you are going to have a better TAT and you are also going to have your 
system getting more capacity to process more proposal and source more 
proposal to get the better growth with the same amount of capacity and also 
reduced slippages because of the better measurement of risk using the 
automated advanced tools. 
Arun Selvan: 
Okay. That was very helpful, sir. My last question here is regarding the kind of 
segments in which you're planning on using these digital process. I know 
you've said as of now, it's below INR3 crores. But is there any specific 
segments that you're specifically using right now? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
The immediate requirement is for our MSME loans, that was the first product 
to go online for less than INR3 crores, then non-MSME loans for less than INR3 
crores, then MSME and non-MSME for less than INR5 crores, then to INR7 
crores, INR7.5 crores. Then we also need to build up strength for secured retail 
products like loan against the properties, housing loans and maybe over a 
period of time for the unsecured portion also. 
As we have told in the last con call, over the next five years, we may have 
some amount of unsecured portfolio for which things have to start in a small 
way where you need the automation. As of now, on the immediate future, you 
don't have got any major changes in the overall composition. So, we are 
introducing these digital lending processes for all the exposures less than 
INR7.5 crores, in those segments which are breadwinners currently. 
Arun Selvan: 
That's very helpful sir. Thank you very much. I'll get back into the queue if I 
have any further questions. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Karthik from Pinpoint Asset Management. 
Karthik: 
Sir, just wanted to get a sense on how is the underlying demand for credit in 
your core segment with the MSMEs, because you had mentioned in Q2 that 
finally, after several quarters, we are starting to see underlying credit demand 
improving. And clearly, the fact that loan growth has been sluggish in this 
quarter means that you are still getting your system ready in order to dispose. 
So just wanted to get a sense on how much of this sluggish loan growth is a 
function of your readiness and how much of it is on account of sluggish credit 
demand? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See the things are getting better and better. One item where we are seeing 
significant request from the MSME borrowers, is the introduction of Solar. We 
used to have many requests for a windmill in the past. 
Now for renewable energy, solar, it is going very high. If you look whether 
there is a capacity expansion – lot of requests are coming for the capacity 
expansion in the usual MSME front, it has improved. But I will not say that it 
has reached the peak level or something extraordinary. So it was very dull, but 
now we have started seeing things improving on that direction also. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
One of the things that is not working so well now is the textile export sector, 
which used to be a significant portion of maybe 15%, 20% of the overall 
capacity here. There is a sluggishness over there. Hence, that particular sector 
is also now made available to the domestic and you had the cotton prices 
moving up and down, some sort of moderate level of incremental growth. 
There is also some amount of reduction in the cash credit utilization. 
Nevertheless, overall, activity level are not gloomy. They are improving in 
Phased demand. The proposals, which have started coming under, during the 
COVID, we had literally shut us from onboarding of the new customers on 
credit. But the things started getting back to the pre-COVID level, and it is 
showing improvement. 
At the same time, we had our own issues, which we have discussed at length. 
So all the issues are settling down. So we feel there has to be a firm upward 
tick as we move forward. 
Karthik: 
Sir, leave aside the next quarter, because I think not one of the few banks that 
has the luxury of a comfortable LDR and your deposit growth is exceeding loan 
growth. So if you were to look out, say, the next 12 or 18 months, that this 
entire BCG implementation will be up and running and the operating 
environment for some of the MSME that you are alluding to will improve. 
What kind of credit growth do you think in this new system or the new city 
union that they are trying to build the legacy that you're trying to leave behind, 
what kind of loan growth do you think this will support. Would you like to throw 
a number or? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, this is one thing which we had been discussing for, multiple years. If you 
ask me clearly -- we used to operate at about 15, 16 % return on equity, which 
came down to 10 % during the first year of COVID and improved steadily and 
currently, it is about a 13 odd %. 
My focus will be, in the next 4 to 8 quarters, to reach growth rate of around 
16 % to 17 % so that you increase your return on equity around that level. So 
our plough back profit should be in a position to take care of our growth, so 
that there is a sustainable growth rate is achieved and things are getting 
improved step-by-step, which we have demonstrated over a period of almost 
two decades. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Coming to the deposits, we don't have any bottlenecks in deposits and 
bottlenecks in advances that used to happen alternately. And it's a cyclic thing. 
I don't think the systemic deposit rate is a lot. If you ask the previous 
generation of -- I mean, my seniors, they used to say about 25 years back how 
much difficulty they had in mobilizing deposits. 
Nobody used to bother advance growth rate and the entire focus of the 
organization and each and every employee. People will be talking only about 
the deposit growth. This is something which will be happening on and off. It 
is now getting widely accepted that the average credit growth of the system 
will be between, around 15 % of so. 
Our effort will be to slightly exceed that and have profitability metrics and 
return on equity and the deposit growth rate. Matching that so that there will 
be a sustainable level of progress as we have done in the past, pre-COVID. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rajat Jain, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajat Jain: 
Actually, most of my questions have been answered. But just a couple of 
things. You said this cost to income has currently impacted due to this expense 
on account of BCG and digitization. So how long do we see that continuing for 
the next couple of quarters or so? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes, maximum. 
Rajat Jain: 
Okay. And sir, since you spoke at length, spoke earlier about the 
implementation of the digital lending, INR3 crores in the first stage, Phase 2 
to 5 and then going to INR7.5 crores. So sir, if I look at in terms of number of 
loans, I mean, if I -- the number of loans which are up to INR7.5 crores, which 
I presume would be a very large part of your loan book, right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Less than INR7.5 crores, roughly, will work out about 60 % to 70 % of our 
total loan book. But the numbers will change -- you will be having a significant 
number of proposals less than INR50 lakhs, INR55 lakhs and things like that. 
You will not be able to average it out by INR7.5 crores or INR5 crores and only 
this much number of proposals. That doesn't work that way. 
Rajat Jain: 
Okay. So my point is that once you automate this process, I mean you really 
create a lot of capacity, which would otherwise have been deployed and credit 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
appraisal and site visits and so on and so forth, right, which would now be fully 
parameterized and automated? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Previously, that was what I was telling. 
Rajat Jain: 
But even with this new system, you will still have the site visit process and so 
on? Or will it fully go to the automated mode now? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, we had a parallel run of less than INR3 crores, both technical and also 
the manual -- once we get a satisfactory thing, we are moving on to a decision 
making through that. Parallelly, you will be having about maybe 15 % to 20 
% sampling that is continuously monitored to ensure that the system is not 
leaving any factor. 
So on an ongoing basis, if you look into INR5 crores to INR7 crores, the 
degradation will be helping us with this decision. But I won't say that the entire 
outcome will be purely based on the 100 % automated. So it will be a 
combination of both -- it will reduce the manual decision making to a greater 
extent to whenever the proposal is more than INR5 crores and less than INR7.5 
crores. 
It will add a lot of value as we move forward in terms of, capacity creation and 
things like that and capacity to process more proposals and things like that. 
Rajat Jain: 
Just one last question. You said because can't create credit card and the gold 
loans came down from INR4,000-odd crores, December '22 to about INR250-
odd crores this year. So if you take -- if you adjust for that, the growth in 
advances actually would have been -- what would the growth in advances have 
been had you on adjusted for those that decrement? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Maybe for an example at least 50 % of that if it had come for other products, 
at least another 5 percentage extra growth should have come for the calendar 
year '23. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunaal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Kunaal: 
Sir, you had mentioned that there was a one-off item, which if you exclude 
that, your NIMs would have been 3.7% for Q3 FY '24. Can you please repeat 
that what was the one-off thing? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, basically, whenever you give restructuring facility -- during the COVID 
restructuring facility, there is something called as funded interest term loans, 
which is un serviced interested during the standstill class was there and the 
repayment were not happening. They were all given as funded interest term 
loans. 
So funded interest term loans, at the end now whenever they turn NPAs, that 
interest portion of about INR25 crores had been reversed from the interest 
income now. I mean in earlier cases, normally, what will happen is that if an 
NPA, if an account becomes NPA, you will be making provision after the 
operating profit. 
But since this FITL portion is the unserviced interest portion, normally, if an 
account becomes NPA, you always have the interest recognition on an accrual 
basis. So if 90 days norms are applied and is an account becomes NPA, the 
unpaid interest will get reversed. Here in that FITL portion when, account 
becomes NPA, this entire FITL portion is unserviced interest and it has to 
reversed from the interest income which is around INR25 crores.   If you add 
that to Interest income, as I said, the net interest margin would have been 
higher. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First question on the grown guidance. So if we 
look for FY'25, so like you mentioned, we are seeing a growth of 1%, now 
around 1% a month. So FY'21, can we assume a growth rate in double with 
like around 12% or 15% odd. Is that a reasonable assumption FY'25? 
N. Kamakodi: 
See, it appears as of now, like that. Similarly, it appeared like that in some of 
the earlier occasions, but some amount of deviations happened. So let me 
commit the firm number as we get closer and have at least a couple of months 
or a couple of more quarters of firm performance and then let's just take it. 
So whatever I'm going to assume is that now I'm having sufficient oil in the 
cylinders to fire for the profitability and return, growth from an asset quality 
and credit cost upfront. I will stabilize this with this -- and we are putting our 
best efforts to maximize our growth rate and the situations are favourable on 
all these things. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
After we demonstrate for at least 1, 2 quarters, I will commit to you a firm 
number. But as of now, it appears that all the factors are favourable for going 
towards that 1% plus every month, which total to 13% to 14% pa. We should 
be in a position to accelerate further once the other materials are also settling, 
which we are putting our best efforts and hard effort to get that in that 
direction. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. So just to add on that, if we assume like 15% loan growth for '25, so 
correspondingly, we would also need a similar kind of deposit growth, right, to 
meet the demand, room growth demand. So -- and currently, for this year, our 
deposit growth is roughly around flat on a YTD basis. 
And despite that, the cost of deposits they have seen a massive spike. So how 
do we make sure we'll be able to raise even deposits of around 15% of Y-o-Y 
growth and the cost of deposits how would that be impacted then would that 
also see a spike continuing? Or will that be stable? Any thoughts on that? 
N. Kamakodi: 
We had seen multiple cycles when you have the deposit growth and advanced 
growth, they don't match each other, that's why I was giving about how it 
happened based on our earlier experience. 
What I can definitely tell you is that, the deposit growth should not be an 
impediment for the advances growth as we move forward is what I'm trying 
to say. I don't know whether you might have observed, we have about 87% 
to 88% of our deposits either from the CASA or from the pure retail deposits 
as per the definition of the RBI. 
So we don't feel that we will be having the deposit growth as an impediment 
for the credit growth which we have to work out and take it forward. And we 
are managing the deposit growth so that there is no negative carry. And by 
and large, the things are matching and managing, we should be able to have 
that, which we don't expect that to be an impediment. 
Chintan Shah: 
I just want -- I was just trying to understand that. So assuming that we have 
a decent growth in FY'25, so then our margins should not be a dimmer in any 
case, by way of yield on advances or by way of cost of deposits if there is a 
spike in our cost of deposits or the decline in the yields. And again, the margins 
will be under pressure. So that should -- is that case? Or can that be a case or 
not? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
The issue is that like it will not be as material as you are expecting now. We 
have managed this movement of cost of deposits and our yield on advances 
in such a way that we are able to have a smoother thing. Ultimately, the ROA 
profile will not get affected. I mean, it will be moving in the band. 
For example, we said we will be moving in a plus or minus 10% demand. And 
if you remove this one half portion, we are very well within that. As we have 
declared always, the margins will expand during an increasing interest rate 
scenario, and there will be a smaller contraction during the decreasing interest 
rate scenario till your term deposits are repriced. 
So some amount of minor aberration will be there. You might have seen that 
in the last 50 quarters of our bank, net interest margin had been in a small 
band, which you might have seen, maybe above 4% for about 3, 4 quarters, 
which was an aberration. Apart from the current level of whatever you are 
seeing -- we don't see any major impact because of this. 
Chintan Shah: 
And just one last question from my end. Just a data keeping question. Sir, 
what would be the total provision on the restructured portfolio, which we have 
of around INR1,000 crores? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It should be about 10% at an average INR100 crores.  
Chintan Shah: 
And sir, we have made some contingent provisions during the quarter. So what 
would be that regarding any specific or in general practice you are following? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It's a general thing. Depending upon the situation at that point of time, we 
take a call. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. And sir, COD actually, the cost of deposits during the quarter has been 
a steep high. So there are no one-offs to that, right? It's just normal 16 months 
COD? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It is a normal thing. And almost to that proportion, the yield has also increased. 
If you take out this one-off thing, the similar amount of margin would have 
hold up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Chintan, sorry to interrupt you, request to come back for a follow-
up question. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neel Mehta from 
Investor Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Neel Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So post the divergence report by the RBI last year, 
-- have there been any subsequent comments in general on the bank systems 
or the way of business models being done in the course of the RBI annual 
audit? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Whatever divergence we had was for the audit for the date 31st of March 
2022, which is over. Further, we had 31st of March 2023, there was no 
disclosure needed, which we said along with our second quarter results. And 
there was an observation on recognition of events happening post balance 
sheet date, which we disclosed during the first quarter result for the 30th of 
June. All those issues are now behind us and no more thing is pending on that, 
and things have come back to the normalcy. 
Neel Mehta: 
So we are seeing the RBI commenting increasingly on the business models of 
bank -- and considering our bank is geographically concentrated. And in terms 
of product concentration also, we probably have volume growth product that 
accounts for most of our book. Have you received any feedback from the 
regulator to sort of diversify our business, not just in terms of geography 
outside of Tamil Nadu, but also in terms of the product mix, which is currently 
heavily skewed towards MSME and trade loans? 
N. Kamakodi: 
We have not heard anything like what you are saying so far. But it is an 
ongoing exercise. Every year, all these things are looked into. And we receive 
feedback and we take required post correction on an ongoing basis. Single 
largest exposure, how we are looking to all these things are scrutinized and 
commented always. And for which we have to continuously work to ensure 
that everything is proper and taken care in a proper fashion. 
Neel Mehta: 
So no specific directions from the RBI basically? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No. 
Neel Mehta: 
On this one. Got it. Thank you. Those were my two questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Punit from Macquarie Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Punit: 
Sir, just one data keeping on the digital transformation front the thing we are 
working with BCG. I think, I mentioned it because it is done or it is going to 
start next month? 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
N. Kamakodi: 
This is work in process. First, the phase of proposals less than INR3 crores is 
already online fully. Things have started for INR3 crores to INR5 crores. Once 
that settles in, the INR5 crores to INR7.5 crores will start on stages. 
Punit: 
So when do we expect the entire phases to complete? 
N. Kamakodi: 
It will go up to June. 
Punit: 
Okay. Got it. So on the KCC book, that is the Agri Gold Loan book it's around 
13% of book, you mentioned that you have stopped like there would not be 
unwinding, so I think the unwinding should have stopped a couple of quarters 
ago, right because we had mentioned that all our documents and classification 
is clear now and there is no issue from the regulator. So am I getting this 
understanding wrong or if you could elaborate on that, but why we have been 
declining the book? 
N. Kamakodi: 
No, no. We have not restarted that product. Because the interest subvention 
has to come from the government of India. So the points came during the 
discussion, which we had to do an audit. We have to submit to that, and there 
was some discrepancy about INR30 crores, INR40 crores in overall income was 
there. 
So we observed all these things, and we did not restart that process. Once we 
get the comfort that we will be able to comply fully and all our processes are 
proper so that there will not be any issue in the future. We will be restarting 
that. So during that process, we had to unwind that entire portfolio. 
Punit: 
Lastly, on the margin front, you said that the margins if the restructured book 
has not been reversed, the FITL reversal that you have undertaken of INR25 
crores, it would have been around 3.63%, right? 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. That's what we thought. 
Punit: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sagar from Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead. 
Sagar: 
Just one thing from my side, if you could give the SMA number, sir? 
N. Kamakodi: 
SMA 2 is about 2.38%. 

 
 
City Union Bank Limited 
 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Sagar: 
Okay. And the SMA 1? 
N. Kamakodi: 
SMA 1 is 1.98%. 
Sagar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That’s it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
N. Kamakodi: 
Yes. Thank you all for attending, and things have started coming back on track. 
So we are able to march towards probably a 4-digit profitability figure for the 
current year, perhaps for the first time in our history. 
So all the issues, whatever that came in our way, post COVID and financial 
year '22, '23 have been, one-by-one is getting back on track. And we lost a 
point whatever is for the growth, which we are trying to address and put our 
best efforts. 
We are able to see things coming, turning positive step by step. And whatever 
remaining will also be getting solved over a period of time. If at all, you have 
any further question, as usual, you can get in touch with Mr. Raghuraman who 
takes care of our investor relationship or any person you have a contact and 
you are already being in touch with. 
So with this few words, I thank all of you and also thank Ambit for arranging 
this conference. We hope all the issues are by and large over and we should 
see things getting better and better as we move forward and good days are 
ahead of us. Thank you all for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Ambit Capital Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
