V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LTD.  
P  +91 484 300 5000, 200 5000 
Regd. Office: 42/962,  
 
E  mail@vguard.in 
  
Vennala High School Road,  
 
W www.vguard.in 
 
 
Vennala, Kochi – 682 028.  
 
 
     
CIN: L31200KL1996PLC010010 
February 8, 2024 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001  
The Manager,  
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra-East,  
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532953 
Symbol: VGUARD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call pertaining to the Financial Results for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2023. 
This is with reference to the inƟmaƟon dated January 23, 2024, ﬁled with the stock exchanges 
in terms of regulaƟon 30 of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 
RegulaƟons, 2015, regarding the earnings call to discuss the ﬁnancial results for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2023, scheduled on February 02, 2024. The audio recording 
was ﬁled with the stock exchange. We are enclosing the transcript of the Earnings call. The same 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
htps://www.vguard.in/uploads/investor_relaƟons/V-Guard-Industries-Q3-2024-Transcript.pdf 
 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
Vikas Kumar Tak 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS 6618 
 
Encl: As above 
VIKAS 
KUMAR TAK
Digitally signed by 
VIKAS KUMAR TAK 
Date: 2024.02.08 
19:37:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“V-Guard Industries Limited  
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
 
       
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MITHUN K. CHITTILAPPILLY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN V – DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
MR. SUDARSHAN KASTURI – SENIOR VP & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ GORI - EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
V-Guard Industries Limited (“V-Guard”)  hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. Manoj Gori. 
Manoj Gori: 
Thank you, Zico. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the 3Q Earnings Call of V-Guard 
Industries Ltd. We have the management being represented today by Mr. Mithun K 
Chittilappilly, Managing Director; Mr. Ramachandran V, COO, and Mr. Sudarshan Kasturi, 
CFO. 
 
At this point, I will hand over the floor to Mr. Mithun K Chittilappilly for his initial remarks, 
post which we can open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Thank you, Manoj. A very warm welcome to everyone present on today's call. Thank you for 
joining us today to discuss the operating and financial performance of our company for the third 
quarter of the financial year, 2023-2024. I trust all of you have had a chance to refer to our 
investor presentation, which was shared yesterday. 
 
Consumer demand remained soft for most of the quarter, presenting a challenging backdrop, 
though we saw some revival towards the end of the quarter. In this context, we had delivered a 
resilient performance as we reported a consolidated net revenue of INR1,165 crores in Q3, 
higher by 18.6% on a Y-o-Y basis. Excluding revenues from Sunflame, the like-to-like revenue 
growth was 10.9% Y-o-Y. 
 
In Q3, we saw balanced growth on a geographical basis as the South market grew by 10.6% Y-
o-Y, while the non-South market grew 11.2% Y-o-Y. We continue to progress well on our 
strategy to scale contribution from non-South market, ensuring better diversification for V-
Guard across all regions of the country. 
 
The Electronics segment comprising of stabilizers, inverters and batteries delivered good 
traction with revenue growth of 16.7% Y-o-Y. In the Electricals segment, which remains our 
large revenue contributor, comprising of wires, pumps, switchgears and modular switches, we 
registered a growth of 8.3% Y-o-Y in Q3. 
 
In the Consumer Durables segment where we market fans, water heaters, kitchen appliances and 
air coolers, the revenue growth was 10.9% Y-o-Y. In the case of Sunflame, we had grown 
revenues by 2% during the quarter, successfully arresting the decline witnessed in the first half 
of the year. This gives us the confidence that  the actions we have undertaken are yielding results, 
and we are hopeful of accelerating the business in the coming quarters. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
We have reported an improvement in gross margin to 33.9% this quarter from 29.7% in Q3 last 
year, an increase of 420 basis points Y-o-Y. Gross margin has continuously improved over the 
last few quarters and we have substantially closed the gap that existed at the beginning of the 
year. 
 
EBITDA, excluding other income was INR102 crores in Q3, an increase of 52% on a Y-o-Y 
basis. The EBITDA margin stands at 8.7%, 190 basis points higher when compared with 6.8% 
reported in Q3 of last year. 
 
Some one-offs have contributed to cost increases under the other expenditure. There was a write-
back of bad debt provision of around INR11 crores in Q3 of last financial year, which makes it 
a low base. We have also made a provision of INR4.5 crores for end-of-life product recycling, 
as required by a recent legislation. We have also accrued INR4.5 crores towards the strategic 
projects in the Electronics department. 
 
Profit after tax in Q3 was INR58 crores compared with PAT of INR39 crores last year, an 
increase of 48% on a Y-o-Y basis.  
The stable working capital has meant that the cash flow remained strong. We intend to repay the 
term loan taken for the Sunflame acquisition over the next 4 to 6 quarters. 
 
In V-Guard Consumer Products Limited, our wholly owned subsidiary, we are progressing well 
as the manufacturing units are coming up as scheduled. The electronics plant at Pantnagar is 
performing well. The battery plant at Hyderabad and the kitchen plant at Vapi will commence 
production in Q4 of this financial year. 
 
With the upcoming summer season and indications of demand revival, we remain hopeful of a 
stronger top line growth in the coming quarter. 
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and I would like to thank Manoj and the team at 
Equirus Securities for hosting this call.  
I would like to request the moderator to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Equities. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Thank you so must for the opportunity. My question is on a bit of the longer term, Mithun. So 
just wanted to understand few things. Firstly, on the V-Guard standalone business, between the 
three revenue segments, I think, more or less, we have different product classifications. My sense 
is ECDs will see the maximum growth followed by Electricals and followed by Electronics 
going into the next 3 to 5 years. The ranges could be 12% to 15% for ECD, 10% to 12% 
Electricals and 7% to 8% for Electronics on top line growth is what my understanding is on a 
CAGR basis. 
 
Which products within this could surprise? Because what I understand is 11% to 12% is what 
we target on a CAGR basis for the overall company. It would help me understand which could 
surprise and what is the way forward. That would be really helpful. That's my first question. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
So I think we have different categories of different maturities. If you look at wires, stabilizers 
and electrical water heaters, these were traditionally large categories for V-Guard and where we 
are having a substantial market share. And our opportunity to grow organically in these segments 
are limited. 
 
So I wouldn't say that there is any surprise, but we can say that we internally look at categories 
as matured and emerging. And so the categories like modular switches, switchgears, kitchen, 
including Sunflame, fans, although fan is an old category generally, but for V-Guard, it's 
relatively a new category and is growing fast. 
 
So these are some of the categories that will tend to grow faster. I wouldn't say that any one 
category will suddenly surprise us or something like that. But the opportunities to grow in some 
of these categories mentioned later are more than the earlier categories, which are older 
categories, and V-Guard has covered a significant part of the market already.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
So these categories fall into Electricals and ECDs largely, right? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. So in Electronics, there is a category like inverter and battery, which is growing fast, but 
stabilizers is a very old category for us it is the largest category. We are the largest player, so we 
can't possibly grow much faster than the industry is growing. So we need to probably track the 
industry growth, yes. So you're right, ECDs will grow the fastest, followed by Electricals and 
the Electronics space. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
On the margins, would 9.5%, 10% range over the next 2 to 3 years, is that a fair assumption? 
And what could surprise there? Because I think a lot of ground has been recovered now. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Lot of ground has been recovered, but we would like to improve margins in the ECD segment. 
ECD margins, as you can see, are the lowest. So we still have a lot of work to do in that area. 
 
We have initiated certain actions in terms of margin improvement projects. So for example, the 
kitchen factory in Vapi, to a large degree, will address a lot of the margin issues happening in 
the kitchen appliances space, which is housed there in ECD. We have initiated a lot of new 
launches and product revamp, followed by interventions in manufacturing for fans, which is also 
showing good results. 
 
So I agree, if you take these two largely, the margin issues in ECD should also start to look much 
more healthy than what it is today, even though we are investing more in ECD because a lot of 
new categories we are incubating. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So the range of 9.5% to 10%, it is sustainable in the long-term, is that fair to say? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. Even this year, I think we will be closing somewhere between 9% to 9.5% in EBITDA 
margins in the current year. So yes, that is sustainable. 
 
We had a very adverse raw material price inflation environment. And as you can see in the last 
3 quarters, sequentially, gross margins have been moving up, and they will continue to go up, 
even through next year. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. Second question was on Sunflame. It's been almost a year, I think, we are reaching in 
terms of acquisition. Wanted to get your sense on three things. Channel, you've discussed that 
you want to move more offline, sorry, more online, modern trade e-com. But on geography and 
product, North and West is 80% of sales. One question here was, are we growing offline for 
white spaces here? 
 
On the channel, obviously, the intention is to increase modern trade e-com. That's where the 
industry is. But are the margins similar offline, versus GT and online? 
 
And thirdly, on the product, I think cooktops, chimneys and hobs and hoods are about 50%, 60% 
bulk of the top line. What could be the top 3 products to be sold going into next 2 years? What's 
your plan for the same? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Okay. So I'll ask Ram to answer this. I think it's a very long-ish question, so as much as we could 
have understood, we will answer, and then we'll come back to you. Ram? 
Ramachandran V: 
As far as Sunflame is concerned, I think you talked about 25% to 30% of the kitchen business 
is coming from e-commerce. And the organized retail is also a significant player in this space 
and some of the categories are also driven by own channel, particularly the built-in cooktops and 
stuff like that, yes, so hoods and all. 
 
So I think from a channel perspective, we will have to develop these areas. I think we are at the 
course of, what I would say, supporting the transition. So I think we have strong teams in V-
Guard to address emerging channels, and these teams are working together. They should be 
helping Sunflame to penetrate in these 2 channels. 
 
The preparatory work is complete as far as e-commerce is concerned, which was basically 
making sure that the team could transition, get hold of pricing, get the supply chain in place and 
all of those things. From the upcoming quarter, the current quarter that we are in, I think we 
should start to see gradual traction as far as kitchen is concerned. It takes 2 to 3 months. 
 
Our GTM for kitchen is very different from Sunflame. Sunflame has, what I would say, an 
intermediary through whom they go-to market, whereas we are directly present on the platform 
as a company, and that requires different preparation. So that's why it's taken some time. I think 
that the preparatory work is out of the way and it takes about 2 to 3 months, maybe even 4 
months before products take online traction, that's as far as e-commerce is concerned. 
 
I think the MTRSS's conversations are ongoing, and the teams are in place. And you should see 
quick traction in that area also, modern trade and RSS (MTRSS). Geographically, I think we 
have set up a new team for South for Sunflame. Sunflame has been absent in the South or rather  
lacking presence in the South, primarily some strong presence in Andhra, but very weak 
presence in other parts of the market. 
 
The team is on the ground from around the month of August, September. And we should see 
traction happening on that also. That is as far as the channel and the geography part that you 
were asking about. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
In terms of the category part, gas, hoods and built-in, these are going to be the 3 primary revenue 
drivers as we go forward. Built-in, of course, will require investments in terms of shop-in-shop 
and probably exclusive stores where relevant. So that's something that you can expect to see 
going forward over the next 12 to 18 months. 
 
So that's covering the channel and the product dimension. What were the other questions? Sorry, 
the first part of your question? 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So basically, the only part left is a bit more specific on the product side, like top 3 products sold 
into next 2 to 3 years. Will the mix be largely same or it will change? 
Ramachandran V: 
No, I think, it will be largely the same. I think the contribution of hoods will go up. But otherwise, 
the contribution in the near term will be the same. But maybe, probably over a 5-year horizon, 
built-in will also become significant, but may be less significant in a 3-year horizon. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Hi Good afternoon Sir. My first question is on the provisioning that you spoke about, could you 
just repeat that, about what are the provisions that have been created in this quarter? And what 
was the strategic project that you spoke about? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Yes. So there are 2 one-offs, which Mithun mentioned. The first one is related to the recent 
legislation. It's called the Extended Producer Responsibility. It says that these products have to 
be collected back at the end of their life and recycled. So we have provided some amount for 
that. That was one of the one-off items. 
 
The second one is relating to some strategic intervention in the inverters’ business. So that's a 
project we accrued at some point across this quarter. So these are the two one-offs. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Okay. And this Extended Producer Responsibility bit that you did, that was in respect of sales 
that have been made in the past? Have these provisions been created on a retrospective basis? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Yes. It pertains to sales made in the past. The collection responsibility happens now. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. And that amount also is roughly INR4-odd crores, right? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Yes. So both are INR4.5 crores, each. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. And what's the strategic intervention in stabilizers that you're speaking about? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
No, it is in inverters. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
It's basically that we had some margin issues in inverters and battery businesses. And we also 
wanted an accelerated sales program done. In fact, this topic was discussed before COVID, but 
due to COVID, we couldn't start the project. So we are doing it post COVID once the market 
has stabilized. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
So it is basically, working on margin improvement and sales acceleration in the area of inverters 
and batteries. Now we have put up 2 world-class plants for manufacturing inverters and 1 for 
manufacturing batteries. We wanted to make sure that those capacities are used up quickly and 
profitably. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Understood. So this is a cost that you'll continue to incur in the subsequent quarters as well, 
correct? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Ram, you want to comment? I think they may not phased equally. So phasing it, in some quarters 
it will be more and every quarter, we may not incur this. 
 
Ram, do you want to comment on this? 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes, you are correct. There is a phasing issue also here. So it's likely that 1 or 2 quarters, the 
initial phasing and the design phase, the deal size is large so the loading will be high and then it 
will take, at least as far as the consulting is concerned. The EPR responsibility is the past 
provisioning, right? And the ongoing provisioning is thin and limited, right? 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Sure. Understood. My second question is on the demand scenario that you spoke about, wherein 
you said that you have started seeing some green shoots towards the end of the quarter. If you 
could just elaborate a bit on that. What are the changes that you have started to see? Which are 
the verticals wherein you are seeing stronger growth? And specifically on something like fans, 
which is a market which I think has gone through a prolonged slowdown, what's the demand 
scenario looking like? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
So I think to put it in context, last year was the year when we had to seize selling new non-star 
rated fans. And what we saw in the fan industry was that there was significant amount of 
discounting and dumping by almost all players of the old type of fans. But I think the fact was 
known to everyone at least for 12 months. 
 
So for V-Guard, at least, we stopped selling of these fans in November itself. So from December 
onwards, our sales is primarily for the star rated fans. So in that sense, we did not have this huge 
overhang of discounted and obsolete products in the market bearing V-Guard’s branding for a 
long period of time. 
 
But I think that is probably the reason that for us, at least in Q3, fans had grown well because 
our last year’s Q3 was not a bumper quarter. It was a normal quarter for us. And because of that, 
our sales have recovered faster, and we are having pressure inventories in the market. 
 
So I think for us, at least, in Q3, fans have done well because our base last year was not that 
high. Even in this quarter, I think it will do well because we have some new launches, and there 
is some good traction we're getting in the market. 
 
Overall, we saw improvement in December. I think barring water heaters where the weather was 
not that cold at least until the third week of December. There was a slowness in offtake, except 
for electric water heaters, for the rest of the products, we saw improved sentiment in the month 
of December. And January also has been decent. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Funds. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank You Mithun, looks like the good performance is now starting and, hopefully, it continues. 
So I have a couple of questions. If you could just maybe give us an understanding on the fans, 
as a category, because what we have seen from the other peers is that after they reach INR300 
crores, INR400 crores kind of a range, then they kind of stagnate. 
 
So for V-Guard, we understand now it's closer to USD 100 million plus. So how kind of you can 
go to INR1,000-plus crore category and then grow also? That's the question one. 
 
The second part is if you could just help us with what are the management changes you would 
have done at Sunflame and the other changes that you are doing. May be if you could talk about 
it qualitatively that we could see some acceleration in the growth after that. 
 
And the last bit of the question is on the margins. So within the ECD as a category, if you could 
just give us a flavour in terms of which is the category that is under indexed in terms of the 
margins. And what are you working to get the margins to the double-digit category? These are 
my questions. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Okay. So I'll answer the margins part first, and then I will give the rest to Ram. See, in ECD, we 
have fans, water heaters and kitchen appliances. These are the 3 large contributors to the ECD 
business. We also have air coolers, but that's smaller in size. 
 
In that, both fans and kitchen, we are under indexed in terms of margins. In case of fans, it's also 
an issue of scale where Fans is a very large market. So even at USD100 million, we are getting 
better, but the scale cannot be matched to some of the larger players in the industry. 
 
But in all these places, what we've done is two things. One is we have gone for a backward 
integration. That means from; if you look at us 6 years back from almost outsourcing 100% of 
fans and kitchen appliances, at least in the case of fans, now almost 50%, 60% of the ceiling fans 
are made by us, which gives us a lot of advantage, one - in terms of finish and quality; two - in 
terms of the ability to differentiate and three – there is also a cost advantage. 
 
So that is one access, and we will be pursuing the same thing for TPW fans as well as kitchen 
appliances. The kitchen factory will come in this quarter, and TPW factory is supposed to come 
up in the next financial year. So with these things, we believe that the margins can be better. 
 
Even in the case of electric water heaters, we are not really happy with the margins because we 
are slightly under-indexed in the premium part of the electric water heater market. So our sale is 
primarily coming from the mix segment and the lower end, where the margins are not that great. 
 
So we are undertaking actions to have a better lineup of products. And just like we've done in 
fans that we have consistently launched premium models in the last 36 months. We will continue 
to do the activity and will start the activity in water heaters. So all those should significantly 
improve the health of the Consumer Durables segment. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
One more thing we have to keep in mind is that we are also investing in A&P, we are investing 
in disproportionate manpower, we are investing in a lot of other promotional activities because 
ECD houses a lot of the new categories. So that's also one of the reasons why our combined 
basket in ECD looks slightly lower margin, but we have gotten a lot better this quarter. And I 
think they will start to see continuous improvement. So this as far as the margin profile and all 
that regarding ECD is concerned. 
 
Ram, do you want to take the other thing? 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Yes. I have a just follow up, sorry, on your response. Are the gross margins in the ECD 
comparable, so it's more to do with, as you said, scale and greater A&P, so as that revenue or 
the size comes up; that's the whole answer to the margins? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. It was to a large degree, yes. But like I said, even in fans today, 50% of the fans are still 
outsourced. So purely on a gross margin basis, we may not be fully comparable because when 
you are in the outsourcing model, your gross margins are going to be low. Your ability to 
differentiate is very low because you're getting supplied from; but yes, to a large degree, yes. 
 
So our gross margins are healthy. I think if you look at kitchen appliances business, our gross 
margins are probably comparable. In the case of fans, we still have maybe a few percentage 
points to go as far as gross margin is concerned. 
 
But I think we are getting better. I think our presence in the segment of premium fans is 
improving, much better than what it was 5 years back. And that is definitely; so it's also a mix 
issue, right? It's not only that it's only good enough to sell INR600 crores, INR800 crores of 
fans. We need to also sell the right type of fans to ensure that the business remains profitable. 
And that's where we are doing work, and we'll continue to do work. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure, sure. 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes. Just one more point to add to that – if you take something like fans, I think the throughput 
also matters, right? At different output scale from the factory, conversion cost can significantly 
come down making these. 
 
So it's not only the cost below gross margin. Sometimes, it is even the manufacturing conversion 
costs, right? It's not only the front line sales overheads, but also manufacturing conversion cost 
can also be a load. But fundamentally, yes, our businesses are competitive and mostly issue is 
of scale. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Ram, do you want to take the other two? 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes. I'll go with the second one. The first question, I forgot, and maybe you can remind me. 
 
So coming to Sunflame, what changes we are making – fundamentally, in Sunflame, we have 
onboarded 4 key talents. One, we have brought in a CEO for the business, we have brought in a 
CFO for the business, we have brought in a person to look after the supply side of the business 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
and one for HR. So these are the 4 people we have brought into Sunflame to manage and support 
the Sunflame business. That was the first part. 
 
The second part, the business of e-commerce, the business of modern retail and regional 
specialty stores and the business of the CPC and CSD canteens. So these we are trying to support 
through V-Guard’s operating teams because, surely, we have deeper and longer relationships. 
 
And we have some unique advantages in terms of our business systems, particularly in e-
commerce or our relationships in the organized retail space, which should benefit Sunflame. So 
there, these parts are being managed more recently from the V-Guard teams, particularly in the 
last, 3 to 4 months.  
 
Second thing, what we have done is we have moved one of our customer service people to 
support and redesign the service operations of Sunflame, so that we are able to achieve good 
turnaround time and get the first time right when it comes to complaints. So I think that should 
lead to a positive word of mouth and should support the brand with the trade and consumer. So 
these are areas that we have moved on. 
 
We have also tried to move fast and quick in terms of trying to get some efficiencies going. And 
we have been able to observe significant opportunities for efficiency in the area of transportation 
management, in the area of packaging. I think these are early quick wins. We are now working 
on the sourcing side, and we will see what comes up. 
 
We have also initiated a project, which is working on the new operating model, which will be 
an integrated operating model, where we will clarify sharply what operations will be jointly 
handled, mostly the back-end ones and which operations will run uniquely, which is the go-to-
market part of it, so that we get agility at the end and we get quality and efficiency also. 
 
We have a project going, which is fundamentally working on the operating model. It will also 
be working on the growth strategy for Sunflame. So I think this, we expect to have an output in 
place by maybe June or July of this year. And the second half of this year, we should be able to 
initiate action and start the rollout. 
Also we have commenced the integration operation, and we have put SAP in place in Sunflame, 
so that we have a stronger controls over the transactional side and we have the ability to have 
faster reporting of MIS. 
 
So now we are able to get the complaint results on the second day or third day, so that we can 
make quick, better and faster decisions. So these are some of the things that we have put in place. 
 
The first question, if you may just repeat. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. So that was on the fans as a category, I mean, if you look back last 20, 25 years. So I think 
most have kind of struggled with a smaller ones. 
Ramachandran V: 
Yes, now, I remember the question that was on fans. Fundamentally, your question was how 
will we be able to get beyond this and not get stagnated like others, right? We are receiving good 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
traction and we do believe that we will be able to build out our business beyond INR1,000 crores 
revenue in the next couple of years. 
 
That's fundamentally going to happen on the back of improved competitiveness and improved 
offerings, particularly in the premium segment, right? So I think these are the major drivers. 
 
There are some favourable factors out there in the market. So there are some changes that are 
happening in the market. I think the BLDC itself is a significant change. And in this situation, 
the segmentation and the established offerings, right, are getting disturbed. And the new 
platforms are getting established in the market, right? 
 
And that presents a very good opportunity for someone to be able to enter and establish new 
offerings in the market because everybody is on an even footing then. So I think that should help 
and that should favour and support someone like us and make it easier for us to establish, right? 
 
And fundamentally, the other thing that we are doing is we are working to improve our visibility 
and presence in the retail, so that we can improve the ability for our fans to get into the 
consideration set of the shoppers. 
 
We are bringing in a lot of focus in improving the displays of our offerings because we have 
some great offerings and they would merit significantly higher throughput, but many-a-times 
are constrained either because of reach or because of visibility. 
 
There is a lot of focus around making sure that our offerings are visible to shoppers and so that 
we are able to get better traction. So these are the primary drivers, which will support the growth 
of our fans business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Aggarwal from Axis Capital. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a few questions. First one is on the Electronics segment. Can 
you give what's the current breakup of stabilizer, inverters and battery? That's one. 
 
And we've seen healthy double-digit growth in this segment in this quarter and in the last quarter 
as well. Stabilizer is a reasonably big part of this portfolio. What's leading to this growth? And 
what do you see going forward? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
So we don't give out product's separate numbers. So sorry, what is the second part of the 
question? 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
The growth has been good in this segment. How do you see it shaping up going forward because 
we understand that stabilizers is a large part of this business? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. See what happens is the stabilizer business is largely dependent on; almost 15% of the 
revenue comes from the air conditioner stabilizer segment, which is the stabilizer, and most of 
it is in summer. And same thing with the inverters. It's also a seasonal business, where a high 
summer is required for a good sale. 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
What has happened is from 2021 - FY '21, FY '22 and FY '23, we had disruptions, either due to 
COVID or due to cold summer and stuff like that. So some of this is also that the growth is 
reverting back towards long-term growth. And last year, for example, sorry, this financial year, 
we had a very good summer in South and East, and we had very intermittent rains in North and 
West. 
 
So it's primarily weather dependent. In the case of inverters, I think probably next year, we will 
start to see some improvement in sales because, like we said, we are doing an intervention for 
sales activation. So some of that, we are expecting to bear fruits next year. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Fair enough, sir. So this intervention, which you've done, I believe this is INR 4 crores this 
quarter. And this will continue for how many quarters, in 2 years, 3 years or whatever, can you 
give some sense? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Like I said, the project is running for between 12 to 14 months, but the charge on P&L may not 
be equal in every quarter. I think this quarter, we have booked INR4.5 crores, but we are not 
expecting every quarter to be like that. Maybe next quarter, it will be 60%, 70% of that. And 
then following quarter, it maybe 10%, 20%, lower than that. So it won't be an equal charge across 
all quarters. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Now second, would you be able to give some understanding of where do we see all these 
categories growing? Category-wise, you already highlighted earlier that some products are 
mature, some products are not mature. But at the category level, would you be able to guide on 
the growth that you see over the next 2, 3 years? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
On a blended basis, we should be looking at 12.5% to 15% growth. If you look at the current 
year, barring wires where there is some slowdown in the B2C segment, and we are largely 
present in the B2C space in wires. Whereas the B2B part of cables and underground cables seem 
to be growing very well. The B2C part is slightly impacted due to various issues, inflation and 
poor rural demand and fluctuations in copper prices and so on and so forth. 
 
So even in the current year, we are looking at that kind of a growth. And we typically try to grow 
our top line by 15% every year, and that's something we'll try to do. We don't give out revenue 
guidance by category. It may be difficult also to do because various things happen. 40%, 50% 
of our products are heavily dependent on summer. And it's very tough for us to give the long-
term guidance on how it will grow each year. So we don't typically do that. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
I just have one last question. This is on Sunflame. We saw good margin expansion Q-o-Q in 
Sunflame. Do you expect this to sustain or improve? How do we see this, since you've also 
talked about a lot of efficiency and the things you're doing in Sunflame, the growth will pick up, 
we understand; where do we see the margins? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. I think like Ram mentioned, I think we have had some margin improvements, quick-wins, 
like transportation, packaging and all that. And there are more interventions being planned. 
 
I think as far as gross margin is concerned, we are very happy with where Sunflame is. And I 
think our focus will be more on accelerating the sales. If you look at the Sunflame margins today, 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
they are at par or better than many of the industry players because of its superior product mix 
and price realization in the market. So our focus will be on improving the sales acceleration 
going forward. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Right. So it is good to understand that the margins at 10.8% will inch towards that 14.5%, which 
was where Sunflame was earlier on in Q4 last year. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. I think with the right kind of volume, we should hit that. But we will also see; we will also 
try to invest more back in the brand. So I don't want to give out any margin guidance, so I'm just 
saying that we're happy with the gross margin improvement. 
 
A lot of the EBIT margins will also depend on how much we plough back into A&P and all that. 
And we will be significantly investing back in the brand because we would like to scale it up 
much larger than what it is today. So our focus may not be to increase EBIT from this level, but 
more to increase sales. 
Shubham Aggarwal: 
Okay. So broadly, I understand that the margins will be better than what they were this quarter, 
though they might not inch too much, that's what my understanding is. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. Correct. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mukesh Patil who is an investor. 
Mukesh Patil: 
Thank You Sir. Just one question regarding the wires business. So what is the percentage of wire 
business in our business and how is it growing? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Yes. Regarding wire, I think we mentioned that wire is our largest category. But for V-Guard, 
almost 95% of our sales comes from retail trade for house wiring cables. We are not present in 
industrial cables and LT cables and underground cables. In that sense, the wire business has been 
under pressure this year. I think our growth has been muted, not only us, it is across the industry. 
 
Primarily, we see that there has been huge inflation across building product segments. And if 
you not only look at us, but if you look at sanitary tiles and those kind of companies are also 
reporting muted numbers. 
 
We also think that it can be a timing issue. So a lot of people are speculating that as there is a lot 
of push for housing coming in, 12 months down the line, the demand for electrification for those 
houses should pick up and then improve the sales of wires. 
Mukesh Patil: 
And what is the capacity utilization we are in for this business? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
One second. It is about 68% to 70% is the capacity utilization for the wire factory. 
Mukesh Patil: 
And what is the percentage of total revenue is the wires business? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
It is about 27%, 28% of total revenues. 
Mukesh Patil: 
Okay. And what kind of capex are we looking at for next 2 years? 

 
V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
No, in the wire business, we just raised a large capex in the last 18 months, we had expanded 
capacity. We are having spare capacity and even with a small investment, we can further expand 
the capacity. So today, I don't think we'll have any huge capex over the next 36 months for wires. 
Mukesh Patil: 
It is the overall business that I'm talking about, not the wires business. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
Overall business, capex will be roughly INR80 crores. I think this year also, it is about INR80 
crores, INR90 crores. Next year also will be about INR80 crores, INR90 crores. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: 
We would like to thank Manoj and the Equirus team for hosting this call and thank you all for 
your participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank You. On behalf of V-Guard Industries Ltd, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
The transcript has been edited for clarity and it may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has 
been made to ensure high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility of such errors. 
 
