 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
Ref. No.: HDFC Life/CA/2023-24/109 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, Block G, 
 
 
Sir PJ Towers,  
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,   
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East),  
 
 
 
 
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
NSE Symbol: HDFCLIFE                                       
 
BSE Security Code: 540777 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine-months ended December 
31, 2023 
 
We wish to inform that pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings conference call with 
analysts and investors held on Friday, January 12, 2024, to discuss financial results of the Company for 
the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
The said transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website www.hdfclife.com. 
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
            
 
 
 
Narendra Gangan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                      
General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer &                 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Narendra 
Gangan
Digitally signed by 
Narendra Gangan 
Date: 2024.01.19 
20:44:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited  
 
9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
 
 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on a touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vibha Padalkar – MD and CEO of HDFC Life Insurance 
Company Limited. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you, Zico. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking part in this conference call to 
discuss the business performance for nine months ended December 31, 2023. Our results, which 
include the investor presentation, press release and regulatory disclosures, have already been 
made available on both our website and the stock exchanges. Joining me are Suresh Badami, 
Deputy Managing Director; Niraj Shah, Executive Director & CFO; Eshwari Murugan, our 
Appointed Actuary, and Kunal Jain, representing Investor Relations. I will share key insights 
into 9MFY24 results and will be glad to take any questions thereafter. 
Starting with operating performance: 
Our individual WRP grew at 6% for the nine months ended December 31, 2023. Private market 
share for the period 9MFY24 stood at 15% and we continued to be ranked amongst the top 3 life 
insurers across individual and group businesses. Whilst QoQ sequential individual APE growth 
was 8%, it has been lower than our initial expectations, largely due to a slower pace of recovery 
in ticket sizes over Rs. 5 lacs. However, there is sustained positive traction across ticket sizes up 
to Rs 5 lacs. These cohorts continue to deliver well – clocking 3x overall company level growth. 
Encouragingly, we are witnessing indications of a resurgence in the high-ticket segment, 
particularly in some of our recently introduced products. 
Additionally, we have noted a shift in asset allocation trends in favor of equity investments, 
influenced by the current buoyant markets. We have also witnessed postponement in demand 
from specific cohorts due to the prevalence of high short-term interest rates. Nonetheless, we 
view these as temporary challenges and anticipate an uptick in growth as these macro trends 
gradually normalize. The number of policies sold continues to clock a healthy growth of 9%, 
outpacing private and overall industry. This aligns with our core objective of establishing a 
sustainable long-term business by broadening our customer reach. We have covered close to 5 
crore lives across our individual and group businesses. Growth from Tier 2 and 3 markets remain 
strong, witnessing 2x company growth. These markets contributed close to 65% of the overall 
topline. Average ticket size has remained stable despite the impact on high ticket sized business. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
Our retail protection grew by 36% based on individual APE and credit protect clocked 21% 
growth YoY. Overall and retail sum assured registered growth of 38% and 54% respectively, 
with us continuing to be market leaders amongst private players in overall sum assured. Our 
private market share based on overall sum assured stood at 19% for 9MFY24.  Annuity and 
Protection put together contributed to over 50% of new business premium in 9MFY24. 
Toward the latter part of Q3FY24, we introduced Click 2 Achieve, a ground-breaking product 
in the non-par savings category, distinguished by several pioneering features. This innovative 
plan empowers customers to create unlimited combinations, tailor their cash flows to align with 
personal goals, with the cushion of a guaranteed return. The customer can also reduce the impact 
of inflation on income with increasing income option. It also provides the flexibility to grow 
survival benefits at a rate 1.5% higher than savings bank deposits. The product has been received 
well across channels and garnered 100 crores within 4 weeks of its launch. This is our 2nd ‘100cr 
in a month’ blockbuster product to be launched this year.  
Product mix remained balanced with non-par savings and participating products at 28% each, 
ULIP at 32%, annuity and protection at 7% and 6% respectively, based on individual APE for 
9MFY24. Notably, the non-par mix saw a 200-basis point increase sequentially, largely driven 
by the successful launch of Click 2 Achieve, reaching an exit run-rate exceeding 30% in 
December. ULIPs have seen an increase on the back of thriving equity markets including in the 
>Rs. 2.5 lakh segment. 
Moving onto key financial and operating metrics: 
Despite shifts in our product mix and ongoing investments across channels, New Business 
Margin was sustained at 26.5% for 9MFY24. This reflects our calibrated approach across 
multiple levers including pricing, cost management and underwriting, even amidst market 
disruptions. As indicated earlier, we have also been able to improve profitability across product 
segments. Value of new business increased by 5% YoY to Rs. 2,267 crores. Embedded value 
was Rs 45,173 crore as on December 31st, 2023, with an operating return on embedded value of 
16.5%. Profit after tax for 9MFY24 was Rs. 1,157 crores, i.e., a YoY increase of 16%, supported 
by 18% growth in profit emergence from our back book.  Solvency as on December 31st, 2023 
was 190%. Renewal collections continue to hold strong with a YoY growth of 15%. 
Next on distribution: 
We registered a YoY growth of 17% across our bancassurance partners whilst maintaining our 
counter share at HDFC Bank, benefiting from a strengthened group relationship.  We are also 
happy to have extended our presence across bancassurance partners and expanded our personnel 
in their bank branches whilst deepening collaboration via various initiatives, such as blockbuster 
products, bespoke training and on ground engagement. These efforts are dedicated to amplifying 
customer value and experiences. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
We are glad to announce our new bancassurance partnerships with Karnataka Bank, Karur 
Vysya Bank and NKGSB Co-operative Bank and we are confident of growing with them over 
the next few years whilst offering their customers a range of innovative and customer-centric 
financial solutions. 
Our Agency channel delivered growth in line with the company’s performance. We added more 
than 50,000 agents in the channel during 9MFY24 as we continue to build a robust Proprietary 
franchise. Our strategy focuses on strengthening our distribution network by expanding 
branches, attracting relevant distributor profiles and making consistent investments in 
technology and capability building. 
Amongst other highlights: 
We are pleased to announce the addition of Mr. Kaizad Bharucha, Deputy Managing Director 
of HDFC Bank, to our Board. His expertise is a valuable addition, and we eagerly anticipate 
achieving significant milestones under his mentorship as a Board member. 
Moving on to regulatory updates: 
As you are aware, IRDAI has published an exposure draft on Insurance product regulations in 
December 2023. One of the key aspects in the draft is the proposal to address the concern on 
early surrender values in traditional products. The draft is currently under discussion and the 
industry is in the process of sharing its feedback with the regulator. We believe that the product 
design should offer the best value proposition to the customer whilst encouraging long term 
commitment to the product and without compromising growth for the sector. Further to the 
update on the GST Show cause notice issued by Director General of GST Intelligence (DGGI) 
raising a demand in June 2023, the Company has filed its detailed response on January 5, 2024 
with the Adjudicating Authority. 
We are happy to announce our recent accomplishments: being honored with the prestigious 
Golden Peacock Award for Excellence in Corporate Governance in 2023 and achieving a 
Guinness World Records title through our 2023 Insure India initiative. This initiative was 
designed to heighten awareness about life insurance across the nation. 
In conclusion: 
As protection gap in our country continues to widen, we remain focused on offering solutions to 
tap into this vast opportunity. Growth in the Rs 5 lacs and below category as well as in tier 2 & 
3 towns remains robust and these are our focus areas.  Even for the growth potential of the above 
Rs 5 lacs ticket sizes, we hold an optimistic outlook for the medium to long-term. We expect to 
grow by leveraging multiple drivers including strengthened counter share at HDFC Bank, 
capitalizing on ongoing investments such as branch expansion and new tie-ups, continuing to 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
scale up a high-quality proprietary business led by agency and favorable macro environment 
shifts. 
The detailed disclosure on our results is available in our investor presentation. We now invite 
any questions from the audience. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Suresh Ganapathy from Macquarie Research.  
Suresh Ganapathy: 
The first question is on growth and margins itself, Vibha. At the start of the year, you mentioned 
a 15% guidance and the actual outcome unfortunately has been well short of that. So far 9-month 
number has just been 5%. I know the smaller ticket size policies have done well but the shear 
contribution of the larger ticket size, you're confident that post we exit FY24 with the revised 
guidelines on surrender charges, we can get back with the mojo of getting 15% APE growth and 
perhaps VNB growth. What gives you the confidence there? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
A couple of things and I'll come to the draft circular later On a standalone basis, I have no doubt 
in my mind about getting the mojo back and that is very evident in a few things. One is like I 
mentioned that below 5 lakhs is growing, we have already grown by 17% and continue to grow. 
That is number one. Number two is that, it's also a function of equity markets and unit link. We 
have always used a balanced product strategy and so we will remain calibrated until some of that 
happens and it's bound to happen in the timeframe you're talking about. A little bit of calibration 
in terms of exuberance and getting back to principles of broader asset allocation. Another point 
is that, in terms of the counter share at HDFC Bank also because this year that counter share was 
not there for the full year. You will have a full year impact of counter share. We continue to 
solidify and make inroads in the bank. Fourth point is, all the onboarding of new relationships, 
three I have mentioned and there are some smaller ones that I haven't mentioned, all of those 
will start kicking in. Wherever we have gone in with the new relationship, we have ended up 
with a counter share between 30% to 40% over a span of the first 15 months. That also will start 
happening given the strength of our product offering. If you were to look at our agency channel, 
you will see that there's 75 new branches that we are adding which will start seeing traction 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
But the problem Vibha is that peers have done better than you. It is pretty rare for you guys not 
to outperform your peers. This is the first time perhaps in history where you are underperforming 
the peers by a wide margin. Everybody is in the same boat when it comes to all these challenges 
with respect to high product ticket sizes. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Suresh, since you are talking about peers, we would like to point out that we have not dropped 
margins versus peers, who have seen fairly significant margin drop. So, if there's a margin drop, 
then selling more unit linked and perhaps more aggression on other products is not very difficult. 
We continue to stay focused on triangulating all objectives, whether it is in terms of growth in 
term, annuity, credit life, or renewal premium. If you look at assets under management, while 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
numbers are yet to be out, we have grown by 20%. So, the quality of business and protection of 
the business that has already come in and for us to continue with that. If you look at number of 
policies sold, we are the market leaders in terms of retail number of policies sold. They have 
grown by 9%. The reason I'm pointing out all of this is, that is the holistic score card. It is not 
very difficult to grow EPI just for the sake of growing EPI. The philosophy that I want is to tick 
in every box because it's not just growth for this year, growth for this year will hamper growth 
for next year. If I don't grow on number of policies then it is going to hamper how much I'm able 
to mine next year. So, sowing those seeds, sowing Tier-2 and Tier-3 and broad basing is 
important. Even if you look at another metric on agency, we are right up there on number of 
agents added; 50,000 plus agents that we have added this year. So, there is no let up at all in 
terms of the number of agents that we are able to add and attract, which gives us the confidence. 
Yes, this year we have reconstructed below 5 lakhs and above 5 lakhs businesses and we are 
quite confident that whether it's high single digits or 11%-12%, the gap will get made up. 
Another aspect I want to mention which is important is that overall sum assured grew by 38% 
and again it's not just one quarter, every quarter we have been the market leaders on sum assured. 
If you look at retail sum assured, that has grown by ~50%. So, very strong in terms of retail sum 
assured. All of that is making it possible for us to be neutral on margins, continue to give growth 
in value of new business and grow step by step. I think that core of our business ultimately is in 
protection. While we will grow in savings, we will calibrate all of these measures. 
Suresh Ganapathy: 
And on IRDAI regulations and what do you think about non-par, from a growth standpoint, 
surrender charge standpoint, margin standpoint, behavior standpoint? For the benefit of the 
audience, can you share your views because everybody is going to ask these questions? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Philosophically, we are completely aligned with the regulator that when a customer wants his/her 
money down the line thinking he/she has bought the wrong product, how do we give some level 
of exit or protection of their capital. However, we need to consider a few things in terms of how 
do we get there. So, philosophically there is no disconnect but we are engaging as an industry 
with the regulator on the how part of it. We have had a few discussions we will continue to do 
that. The circular already has a few enablers which currently we do not have. For example, we 
can have shorter tenured products, there is minimal to no GST on select ticket sizes or sum 
assured. These enablers will give us somewhat of a kicker. But, how we do cash flow matching 
on a longer tenured product? Can we have an avatar of discontinued policy fund, which is already 
there in unit linked as a construct? In unit linked products, if somebody were to surrender, then 
the premium or fund sits in the discontinued policy fund which discourages customers to churn 
immediately. But at the same time, you are protecting someone’s money since they don't want 
or are unable to pay future premiums. If those sorts of things come through then it will help 
mitigate any risks. Additionally, it is very much in line with what we are used to as a nation on 
longer term products. For example, PPF, none of us worry about the fact that before 7 years we 
cannot even get some element of it. It's only after seven years there's a formula. We are all used 
to it. These have different objectives than just giving liquidity. Right now, we are at the stage 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
wherein we are explaining and engaging with the regulators, not that they do not understand 
these things, but they are very receptive to hearing from us and we will see how and in what 
avatar finally it makes sense for the customer, manufacturer, intermediary and the regulator. So, 
that's where we are right now. While I don't want to give away too much, but there are at least 
5-6 different ideas that we have on product construct. I will share one example i.e., can we have 
a differential kicker for someone who says I do not want liquidity but I want that kicker on IRR. 
Many such ideas are there and it's really the nuances of what the final shape or form will be 
wherein there will be a business case to it. So, that's where we are and we will take some time 
for us as a sector also to deliberate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
Couple of questions. First one is again on products and our strategy of having a balance product 
mix. The question is that this is a heavily regulated sector and the regulation keeps evolving, and 
so does market conditions, be it interest rates or equities. In that backdrop, the company franchise 
wants a steady product mix instead of offering what the market is demanding, customers are 
demanding and what the distributor can distribute. Aren’t you sacrificing growth opportunity? 
Of-course, you have already explained a lot on this regulation, but if regulations were to come 
hard on a certain product then you will have to move away from that product. So, why not have 
a strategy that is agnostic to product mix and your ability to distribute the products widely? 
Second, looking at agency, any particular reason why there is a reasonable amount of churn in 
this quarter? Is it a clean up of unproductive agents or is there something specific to it? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
On your first question, every business model will have differing margins, customer segments, 
and objectives. And the same happens here. These products are certainly not fungible and we 
have to do a need-based analysis. Somebody might want zero exposure to volatility, somebody 
might want all the upside, somebody will want a lot more protection, someone will want to have 
wafer thin protection; some will want to have more health and combination products. And that's 
why it's only through engagement and we find out what is it that the customer wants. Of course, 
we also have to consider margins within that to know how much can we afford to sell. But it's 
both ways and that's why we will continue to be nuanced. I think the fact that we have a balanced 
product mix even when the going is good has stood us in good stead time and again. For example, 
when we launched Sanchay Plus 5 years ago, it took a long time to be even understood and now 
it is ubiquitous. But even at that time when we were the sole company selling products like 
Sanchay Plus, we said we would have certain levels of limitations in terms of how much of this 
we want to sell, unless of course the customer really wants it.  The reason for that is exactly that 
it helps cushion volatility; it helps wean away our frontline sales from only selling one type of 
product and then when the plug is pulled because of something or the other, it could even be like 
COVID, not just regulatory or macro, then struggle to make a switch. And so, our line is very 
attuned and there's compulsory training in terms of being able to sell all types of products and 
genuinely being able to sell not just a training that they go through. And so we don't really worry 
too much about it. I think we do innovate. Depending on what are the regulations that are now 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
in existence, there will always be an opportunity. It might take a little bit of time for us to 
conceptualize and manufacture a product, but eventually we do with whatever cards are given 
to us and whatever it is as a framework we are allowed to. We have fair bit of confidence on 
ideating to be able to do that and the nuances are always in the details. Nuances are always in 
levels of innovation and we will continue to do that. Just now I explained on the surrender 
regulation, there could be something else that happens on par wherein we might have an 
advantage. Of course, that also comes under these regulations. Something on UL, for example 
the profitability on our unit linked products, again without getting into too much detail, that has 
increased quite meaningfully from what it used to be maybe 2-3 years ago. Which means that at 
30 plus percent unit linked where we are just in standalone quarter three, we don't excessively 
worry about it. And that answers your question that this is exactly what we're trying to solve, 
that in the existing construct how is it that it still makes business sense for us to be able to sell 
all kinds of products? So, that was your first question. I don't remember what your second 
question was, do you want to just mention it again, Avinash? 
Avinash Singh: 
Second question on churn in agents. Of course you are focusing on agents, but if I just see the 
count, there has been a big drop from Q2 to Q3 in individual agents. Is this a planned cleaning 
up of your non-productive agents? What do we read, because by H1 you had 210,000 agents and 
now again the number is back to 190 or somewhere around that? 
Suresh Badami: 
This is Suresh, Avinash. Just to quickly brief you, as part of our stated agency strategy even to 
IRDAI there is a minimum business that we are expecting all our financial consultant partners 
to be able to deliver when they are supposed to be active. Now the industry does see a fair 
number of additions on the number of financial consultants as well as some financial consultants 
attrited from this line of business. What we have tried to do over the last few years is ensured 
that the mix even within the type of financial consultants that we onboard, whether it's chartered 
accountants, mutual fund distributors, retired personnel, whether it's housewives who have 
wanting to do this as a career option, we try to give a score and add people on to our number of 
financial consultants. And as and how we find people going on to alternate careers or not meeting 
the requirements that we have in terms of quality of business, it's not really churn but effectively 
they don't fit into our business model and they don't hit our minimum business numbers. That's 
the way we have been looking at it. And of course, it's a question of how many new agents do 
we have. There's a fairly detailed strategy in terms of micro markets, where do you want 
additional financial consultants? Which Tier-2, Tier-3 markets that we are entering, where do 
we add those set of financial consultants? Finally the objective is to make sure there are people 
who are keen on this as a career, stay active with us, be able to sell the right product mix, have 
a productivity which is good enough for us to be profitable, make sure that at every club till 
MDRT, COT, TOT we have a career line of path for our agents and that's the way we have been 
looking at building this channel and which is one of the reasons why agency has one of the best-
in-class persistency and a fairly strong relationship. We have financial consultant partners who 
have high vintage for us. And we do believe that as we expand to larger markets, this number 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
will keep increasing on a steady state basis. So yes, some will go up, some will go down, but 
that's probably true as long as we are able to attract the right profile of financial consultants. 
Avinash Singh: 
One quick follow up. On the group protection side, sequentially there is some bit of softness. Is 
it more to do with credit life or GTI? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
It is to do with credit life, give its size. GTI is a lot smaller than credit life is. In GTI, as you 
know that we are very calibrated in terms of opportunities that we see. There also has been a 
price normalization post covid and we continue to see on a case-to-case basis whether it is rightly 
priced or not. As far as credit life is concerned, we see a little bit of slowdown in disbursement, 
especially in some of the segments like auto and personal loans due to some of the RBI led 
announcements. While our attachment rates have not gone down, overall, disbursements have 
been a little bit soft, not hugely. We still have grown over 20%, but yes versus some of the earlier 
quarters, a little bit soft. That's the only big-ticket reason. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I just wanted to understand our current market share in HDFC Bank, point number one and 
second, it has definitely improved compared to the last year. The market share gain in HDFC 
Bank has not resulted in banca channel to do well. I can understand that in direct, broker or 
agency, where high-ticket size is an issue, growth has not happened. But in banca channel despite 
market share rise, growth seems to be muted at around 2% for 3rd Quarter at least. So, just 
wanted to understand whether this is a short-term thing where you said, customers are preferring 
more short-term products rather than long term insurance products, is that driving moderation?  
Vibha Padalkar: 
I don’t know where you are getting the numbers from because overall our banca channel, like I 
mentioned grew 17%. So, growth has been very robust in our banca channel. When I say very 
robust, it’s in context of some of the changes on the 5-lakh plus situation. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Vibha, I was referring specifically to 3rd quarter, 9 months I understand it is 16%-17%. For 3rd 
quarter it seems to be weak. So, that's the reason I was asking? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, the 3rd quarter was largely because of base effect. If you look on a 2-year CAGR basis, our 
bancassurance grew very well. The reason is, if you see not just HDFC Bank but all our other 
bank relationships also had fructified last year. So, whether it is a Yes Bank or IDFC First or 
Bandhan or RBL, all of that did very well. Some of the base effect has come in, on a normalized 
basis that's not the case. Additionally, up to 5 lakhs continued to grow almost close to 20% even 
in the 3rd quarter. Again for this year, you will have to pardon me as I repeating up to 5 lakhs 
and above 5 lakhs, because quite expectedly the trends are very different and it is noteworthy 
that NOPs have grown by double digits in banca and APEs grown by close to 20% up to 5 lakhs. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes, I understand that point, Vibha, but my point was that, I thought that this will be more than 
compensated by market share gain in HDFC Bank. But I believe we have definitely gained 
share? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I'll talk about the market share. The market share has continued to be in the mid-60s as against 
the mid-50s that you saw earlier. So, in that sense that that has happened and on a year-on-year 
basis, it has grown. The slower growth is only attributable to above 5 lakhs. The above 5 lakhs 
like you said is enough to compensate in the market share gains, that is not the case because the 
amount of 5 lakhs was tepid in the first two quarters and then continued to move upwards 
towards 3rd quarter  and then in 4th quarter we know what happened. That impact is coming 
through. Suresh, you want to add anything? 
Suresh Badami: 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, banks have their own focus on CASA and other side of business. 
So, while most of our banca partners have grown in line with overall private bank growth 
including HDFC Bank and while we have consolidated our market, there are these quarterly up 
and down which will keep happening. We have managed to maintain our market share, grown 
it over last year, we have grown the number of policies sold which was more critical. The greater 
than 5 lakhs has probably pulled us down a little bit across some of the banca partners because 
many of them have their wealth verticals which have been affected. But broadly we are trending 
in the direction where banca infrastructure is growing and we are expanding our presence across 
all these banca partners. And three, we are gaining ground in terms of market share at Yes Bank 
and some of our new partners which stays constant. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And to add there, the earlier comment, wherein I talked about product mix and how we are 
looking at unit linked product, that impacts bancassurance even more because banca does have 
50% - 60% unit linked products. So, if you were to look at our share excluding unit linked 
products that is in the 70s. And so we will choose in which segments and how much we want to 
want to be present? When some of this market exuberance goes down with the counter share 
inching up, you will be able to see overall growth. Right now, if we are able to see growth in the 
segments that makes sense to us. 
Sanketh Godha: 
The second question is that, when I look at our VNB walk, it says it improved by 70 bps because 
of product mix and it was negated by 80 bps because of higher cost. If I look optically, the 
product mix has actually deteriorated because your non-par contribution and par contribution 
have come down and ULIP has gone up, but you still say that from walk’s point of view, 70 bps 
has led to the improvement in the margin. Is it completely led by protection or is there some 
other strategy like in ULIP we attach higher sum assured that played a role to see a margin 
expansion at the product level. And related to it, when do you think the cost will iron out? Is it 
more to do with your cost on technology that you highlighted last year or is it because of negative 
operating leverage because of muted growth? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Niraj Shah: 
Sanketh, you answered all the questions yourself. Starting on the product side, margin delivery 
across all product segments has improved for two reasons. On unit linked, like you yourself said, 
the amount of protection cover attached to unit linked products has gone up significantly, both 
in terms of base sum assured as well as in terms of riders. Second, our persistency has also 
improved over the period of time across various channels. So, that has led to better profitability 
compared to what it was in the same period last year on unit linked products. Second, on the 
non-unit linked products are pricing discipline approach is something that does help us in periods 
where there is a lot of aggression in the market. We try and balance our growth and profitability 
objectives. That has helped us maintain and improve some of our profitability in the non-unit 
linked segment. As far as protection is concerned, yes, you're right. Protection has grown, both 
in individual as well as credit life. So, that continues to add to the value that we make, and the 
sum assured growth is an indicator of that. As far as the cost is concerned, again, if you look at 
our overall expense ratio has been at the same level of last year about 19.4% - 19.5%. And the 
reason for this gap is largely because of again what you said, the operating leverage is negative 
right now because our planned growth is 15%-17% in terms of what we capacitize for. But our 
delivery is short of that. That definitely is a function of the operating leverage which should 
rebalance once our actual growth is in line with what we are capacitized for. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And just to add to that, if you look at our new business sum assured for the quarter on retail side, 
it's grown by 44%. To some extent what you had alluded to is absolutely right that focus on 
protections at a sensible pricing. It is not just growing protection for the sake of it and having a 
price war on protection, but sensible pricing on protection and continuing to grow that is very 
evident in the retail sum assured growth. That has helped mitigate some of that. So, that's why 
you have a net positive in terms of product mix profile. 
Sanketh Godha: 
In retail protection, if I see on a quarter-on-quarter basis, in 2nd quarter, you probably did Rs. 
150 crores and the numbers suggest that you did around Rs. 135 crores – Rs. 136 crores in 3rd 
quarter. So, sequentially it is declining. Anything to read into that, has the low base already 
played out in first half and now you will see normalization in protection growth? Is it the right 
way to read it through the numbers or something else? 
Suresh Badami: 
Directionally yes Sanketh. We did say that the base effect will be a lot more pronounced in H1 
and will get normalized over H2. It is what is happening. So, we still believe 20%-25% growth 
is possible on a normalized base and we're heading in that direction. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
However, in terms of absolute numbers, I would not read too much in terms of a reduction. It 
might be a little bit here and there. We also react to competitive intensity wherein it is wiser to 
withdraw rather than write close to loss making business or margins that don't make sense or 
give up on underwriting. A little bit of calibration you'll always find, but secular growth quarter-
on-quarter should continue to be our target, but growth will also depend on what happened last 
year, and we have said that we should end protection growth over the next three years higher 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
than company level growth, will it be in the 50% range? Not if we want to price it sensibly, but 
it should very comfortably beat company level growth. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First is on the slide on Tier-3-4 cities. Can you help us understand which 
channels do you think will help you grow better in those geographies, whether it's agency 
channel, whether it's the Banca or a combination of both? And also one question, as you expand 
into deeper geographies, what is the timeline that you think of when you will be able to deliver 
higher than industry growth now that you're pivoting your business model away into, driving it 
more into the smaller cities? Second is on the timeline for regulation. While we've you've 
mentioned a few things about the regulation, can you help us understand, is there any indicative 
timeline that you can give us that maybe it will get implemented in the next quarter half year or 
anything, any flavor around that would be useful? Thank you. 
Suresh Badami: 
Suresh here. I'll answer your first question on Tier-2-Tier-3 growth. Frankly, if you ask me, we 
are looking at taking insurance across to Tier-2-Tier-3 across as many platforms, as many 
partnerships as. Possible and even if you start with let's say Bancassurance, if you look primarily 
with HDFC Bank, they're expanding into all the SURU markets, the semi urban and rural 
markets they're expanding by more than 1000 branches last year, right? You look at most of our 
other Banca partners who are also expanding in. We have partnerships with many of these small 
finance banks and many other banks which are present in specific markets, whether you take the 
Ujjivan, Equitas, Utkarsh, Bandhan, IDFC, many of them are expanding. So, clearly 
Bancassurance is going to be one of the platforms in which we expand. Agency clearly is a 
channel which we believe we should be able to expand. We are adding 75 new branches. We are 
looking at seeing how we can appoint agents in some of these newer models in terms of many 
of these upcountry locations where we should be able to take it into and this is the first time that 
you would have seen that as an industry we have kind of created an agency structure which is 
look at Tier-1 and Tier-2-3 markets. So, our entire team has a dedicated vertical which is looking 
at Tier-2 and Tier-3 markets. It is not to say, firstly I will also correct that we are not saying that 
pivoting to Tier-2 Tier-3. I think we see the opportunity even in Tier-1. We will come out with 
both the products as well as key strategy on the Tier-1 markets. There is no reason why we will 
look at lesser productivity through Banca and Tier-1. We are looking at micro markets even 
within the Tier-1 markets. And that is something that we're doing. It's just that we see that in 
Tier-2,Tier-3, we also have a significant brand advantage when it comes to customers looking 
at HDFC, it's fairly well-known. Other than LIC and SBI, which typically have been there in 
these markets HDFC Life clearly stands out in terms of awareness and consideration and we 
believe we have the opportunity to go out there and grow. Question is how quickly we'll be able 
to take and ramp this up. Banca presence clearly we can expand fast, but with these banks, our 
branches as well as our agents going into these markets anywhere between 12 months to 18 
months we would start seeing numbers expand. The third thing which I'd also like to add is that 
we do believe that through some ecosystem partners we should be able to take a very different 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
kind of product range to market. So, if you remember earlier, we had looked at the Airtel tie up 
where we were able to reach out through a combi product. We were able to reach out to many 
of these markets. I think those opportunities will also come. So, we will not let go of any of these 
opportunities to reach into these SURU markets. 
Shreya Shivani: 
And on the timeline of the regulation, please? 
Niraj Shah: 
Slightly difficult to answer that. But the exposure draft is out, we are in the process of submitting 
our representation as a sector and some companies have submitted individually as well.  We are 
very hopeful and confident that we will have a chance of meaningful deliberation over the next 
few quarters. And I think depending on when the regulator is thinking of making this applicable 
prospectively, I think it's a function of how soon some of these engagements happen. But it's 
really up to the regulator to decide on this. But we do believe that the engagement is something 
that will happen and also there will be, we do hope that there will be some time available for 
making whatever transition that's required and in light of our earlier conversation, I think there 
is no disconnect at all. We are all aligned in terms of protecting the long term proposition as well 
as providing better value to early exit customers. So, it's some technicalities that need to be 
discussed and deliberated upon. Once that is done, then I think we are good to go. But timelines, 
we don't really have a visibility on that. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, you mean that even if the regulation comes into place, if you have to change your product 
structure etc., it will take some time to launch those new products as well, right? So this thing 
could actually play out over a couple of quarters in that case, right? 
Niraj Shah: 
See, again it depends on which shape and form the final draft, final regulations come in. I mean, 
just taking extreme scenarios if it comes in the existing form, it will take a significant amount of 
product redesign which will require some more amount of time for that. If there are some tweaks 
that need to be made which aligns with the regulator and the industry objective then it might be 
sooner. So, it really depends on which form the final regulations actually come into effect. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital.  
Supratim Datta: 
The first question that I would like to pose is on the EoM guidelines change. Over the last two 
quarters, we have heard that the commission rates have been changed across different channels. 
Just wanted to know what is the current status, whether there has been any negotiation at all, 
whether the channel partners have come to a close or is this something which could continue for 
the next 2 or 3 quarters.  
Vibha Padalkar: 
More or less, we have passed the EoM conversations. We are coming almost towards the end of 
the year and we look at it holistically with our partners that it needs to be that it makes sense to 
the customer. It makes sense to the manufacturer as well as the partner and those conversations 
have been had. I'm very happy to share that there's been no detrimental impact on the customer 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
and the partners also do understand that ultimately they are their customers. And it is important 
to be both fair, transparent, and equitable to their customers as well. So, that's really where we 
are right now and don't really see any material impact as a rule. It's we’re just thankful to the 
regulator to have given us the flexibility to be able to see what kind of arrangements, what kind 
of contractual nuances that we can tweak with this flexibility as long as overall akin to TER, we 
have to stay within the EoM ratio. 
Supratim Datta: 
And coming back to our previous comment that you made that the ticket sizes below 5 lakhs 
have been growing at 3x the Company level, which basically means 15% and given you have 
previously indicated that above 5 lakh ticket size policies are around 11% to 12% that could 
mean that 5 lakhs and above policies this year has contracted by around 2/3rd compared to last 
year for the first 9 months. Is that the correct inference? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, the above 5 lakh ticket size business last year, I think on total APE what we have mentioned 
after the budget was around 12%, it's now around 6% of our total APE. So, its proportion is now 
6% of our total APE compared to 12% last year. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of MW Kim from JP Morgan. 
MW Kim: 
For last 9 months of FY24, the unwind from the value in force is larger than new business value 
creation. So, my question is should we be concerned of the potential slowdown on the EB growth 
in next 12 months or 24 months? 
Niraj Shah: 
Basically the two large components that will affect this are unwind which is upwards of 8% and 
what has got impacted is definitely the VNB contribution. The VNB contribution given that 
we’ve held our margins is largely a function of our APE growth. This year we definitely are at 
a lower level of APE growth than our capacity. So, that is what is dragging down the embedded 
value operating profit and at 16.5% it's fairly close to where we were last year. The delta being 
a function of two things. One is the VNB contribution is lower to the extent of about 50 basis 
points and the remaining 50 basis points is actually coming from the denominator effect. We 
had preferential capital raised in the previous period that has expanded the denominator and that 
is giving another 50 basis points kind of gap. So, by the end of the year, we are expecting to be 
in the range of what we have been talking about in the 17 plus percent range and that's what we 
would aim to deliver in the coming years as well once the VNB contribution stabilizes to the 
numbers that we've seen in the past. 
MW Kim: 
Just one thing there. My understanding is that the regulator draft looks too conservative in terms 
of the surrender value. So, my guess is that now India perhaps may have the highest of surrender 
value among the Asian countries if the initial draft were to be accepted. So, just I'm wondering 
whether you expect any adjustment compared to the initial draft on the surrender value or do 
you think that due to the very high customer protection, this largely makes sense based on the 
industry, the perspective. So, I just want to get some sense about this. 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Niraj Shah: 
I think in all fairness, right now we are still in the process of engaging with the regulator. We do 
understand their broad thought process in terms of protecting the interests of the customer and 
we are all aligned to that objective as we discussed on the call. The regulator of course is aware 
of similar long-term products available both globally as well as in India and the kind of tradeoffs 
that an investor or customer needs to make between guarantees and liquidity. The regulator is 
aware of the landscape in terms of long term products which have a guarantee attached to them. 
But we have not had a chance to formally interact with them as a sector or as a Company. So, 
we look forward to doing that, and we do believe that some of the technical aspects of product 
design is something we'll be able to impress upon and without diluting the ultimate objective of 
customer interest and we believe that is possible to achieve with some tweaks in what the 
exposure draft is suggesting at this point in time. But I think we'll be able to give more clarity 
only after some of these interactions that hopefully will happen over the next few weeks. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama wealth. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Most of my questions have been answered, but just a clarification on the above 5 lakh ticket size 
policies, what has been the decline in the 9 months’ period? Can you give us that number? 
Second, when you say 12% of your individual APE is from the 5 lakh and above segment, which 
was last year, this does not include the additional thousand crores, right? I just wanted to clarify 
that once more. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, as far as ticket sizes above 5 lakhs, I don't have the number handy right now, but I'll just give 
you an indication. Different channels reacted differently. For example, our wealth channels 
obviously, there was a much more adverse reaction, but the overall contribution of our wealth 
channels is lower. Lesser than, if I were to look at, say, an HDFC Bank channel or any of our 
Bancassurance partners, that reversal is beginning to be seen now. And like I mentioned earlier, 
with the launch of our latest new product Click 2 Achieve, we are beginning to attract higher 
ticket sizes also and we're again after a hiatus beginning to have conversations such as higher 
levels of underwriting and so on. So, varies quite a bit agency is somewhere in the middle of 
maybe double-digit negative growth on the 5 lakh and above. So, really there is again 5 lakh and 
above is more amenable to something like a pension because some nuances on tax and other 
things and also limited underwriting. So, mixed bag really. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
The clarification on the full year number, the 12% does not include the 1000 crores additional 
sales, right? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
No, it does not. See what we did not do perhaps is that while we only backed out the 1000 crores, 
it is not that above 5 lakhs were sold only in March. It was sold and it was picking up pace 
towards the beginning of quarter three and that's really what is playing out. So, quarter two was 
bigger than quarter one, quarter three was bigger than and so on. Sequentially it was and also 
given where interest rates were then, this was doing exceedingly well for us and for the sector 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
and that is really what the play of seasonality also that we're seeing here and that's why as we 
exit this year, some of that rebasing will start happening of more normalized levels of ticket sizes. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Then, just in the light of, how things have played out this year 9 months, I don't know whether 
you have changed your guidance. Do we still sort of gun for 15% growth excluding that 
thousand? It seems that most likely we will miss that number. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
So, I think we're gunning for a double-digit growth in Quarter 4.This is of course excluding the 
1000 crores.  
Madhukar Ladha: 
Excluding the 1000 crores for the individual APE we should look for a double digit growth. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
That's right. While it's not an active guidance, but what is it that we are gunning for, a double 
digit growth. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And finally on the group savings side, I see that there is some reduction in business. I think group 
protection side you already explained, but what's happening on the group annuity and the other 
group’s savings business? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
There was a one-off large account last year. So, it's more of a base effect. 
Suresh Badami: 
Yes, there has been a little bit of slowdown in some corporates, but otherwise it's not that we've 
lost market share in any of these as a segment. Second, we had a little bit of a base effect of what 
we had gained in the previous year, which has led to this little bit of a degrowth. 
Suresh Badami: 
And to be fair also, there is a lot of competition coming in this segment given the overall rates 
and margins in this segment. So, it's a combination of all three, but we are confident that we 
should be able to get back our growth with all factors playing in. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And can you quantify the one-off effect if that is possible? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
There will always be some pluses and minuses, but it was fairly one-off in the sense that there 
was some corporate that we signed up and then the employees account moved to us. So, that's 
what happened. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Advisors Private Limited. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
My first question is essentially on the draft document around surrender charges. I know it's at 
early stages of discussion and there is a range of outcomes that can happen, but assuming a more 
extreme outcome happening in terms of the capping of charges. How does one think about 
implications for us? And could you talk a little bit more about our non-par product in terms of 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
what would the persistency that we kind of see in this product and how much of the margin could 
get impacted, we see a more extreme capping of charges in in this product segment? 
Niraj Shah: 
It is at very early stage and very difficult to make a guess here, but I mean just philosophically, 
we can talk about two things in terms of design. One is in terms of what will still enable creating 
a product which is similar to what we see today in terms of a long term guarantee that will have 
a certain set of things to be dealt with and 2nd is in terms of cap on charges equivalent, that will 
probably have a different implication in terms of profitability or distribution, remuneration. So, 
these are two separate aspects. We are more concerned about the first one, the second one can 
be dealt with a lot more seamlessly because they are more controllable. One thing that none of 
us would want is compromise on being able to design a long term proposition that we are able 
to design today and that's what will be the focus of our discussions and engagement with the 
regulator. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
My next question is our non-par product is fairly unique in terms of ability to give our customers 
the ability to lock in and earn a certain yield for a long period of time. Do you see this unique 
value proposition getting diluted if say you know customers could buy long term G-Secs directly 
on a trading platform? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, this possible even today. It may not be very seamless, but it is still available today. And the 
same argument holds for, let's say, even an annuity product to some extent, if someone wants to 
buy a long term government paper. But having that stream of premiums that you pay at one 
contract, say 5 premiums or 8 premiums, or 10 premiums, and then get a stream of income 
constructed in one solution that may not be very feasible for an average customer. So, the 
conversation is very different from an ultra HNI who has access to a lot of wealth management 
advice and ability to structure solutions, which are very bespoke to him or her, but our average 
customer who we target anywhere between from a sector perspective, 15,000 to maybe 75,000-
100,000 kind of a ticket size, we suspect that kind of advice is not really available for such an 
average investment. So, from that perspective, I think it is good to kind of have a solution which 
is addressing all of those things without having to do too much engineering at one's personal 
level. A regular premium product is different from a single premium product as you know, in 
terms of the biggest aspect of reinvestment risk. So, that is an additional aspect to really consider. 
I mean, so a lot of these things really come into play and we believe that the regulator will be 
thinking more of an average customer who is still kind of in that form of protecting and then 
creating some sort of wealth for themselves and their family and their post retirement period. 
So, a large part of our population at least will not have access to a lot of that bespoke advice that 
will be required to do some of the things that we spoke about. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And just one final question, more on when we look at your product level persistency, in 
protection the 61st month is 73%, saving is 56%, ULIP is 49%. We look at persistency as metric 
to understand the customer satisfaction of the product. So, what explains why savings, ULIP has 
lower persistency? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Niraj Shah: 
Unit linked needs to be seen differently from some of the other products. In unit linked, what 
happens typically is that there is this notion that after five years, I can withdraw my money. Of 
course you can withdraw money as a customer, but does it do you full service being in a product 
for five years? We do not believe so. So, when you are saying 50% odd of the people continue, 
it's a combination of two sets of people. One set of people are actually continuing in the policy, 
but are not paying any further premiums. That is also part of that number, and that's a fairly 
meaningful part of that number, which is a fair call that I've paid 5 premiums, I will stay in your 
product for 15 or 20 years, but I'll not pay any further premiums. We are okay with that because 
that's the choice of the customer and it probably will meet his or her requirements. Then there is 
a set of customers who are just exiting from the product completely. Now that is the choice that 
we would question in terms of whether it's in the interest of the customer, it's certainly not in our 
interest, no question about it, but we don't believe it's in the interest of the customer as well. But 
I think as awareness levels increase more and more customers will make more informed choices. 
If they're looking for a shorter time horizon, then this is not the place to go. And that is something 
that we are very clear in terms of making our conversations with customers when we are 
engaging with them at the point of sale. The other products, you will see a fairly strong 
improvement in subsequent period persistency and that again we need to kind of break it up into 
two parts. There are products in which customers after paying two or three premiums, can 
continue being in the product and get proportionate benefit, they do not really lose out. So, a 
large part of customers is what is called paid up. They get proportionate benefit because they 
choose to pay part of the premiums that they contracted for initially and then they stay in the full 
course of the policy and get the proportionate benefits. So, that's again a choice similar to 
someone who has stopped paying premiums in unit linked and it's a probably an informed choice 
by some of them. Very, very few number of customers after paying two or three premiums 
actually surrender and exit the policy. That number is in our case at least about not more than 
1% every year after the first couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS India. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
So, wanted to check on whether we are still going to maintain margin neutrality, given you just 
mentioned that probably we will deliver double digit kind of growth in Q4 under the APEs, but 
that will be a little tall task on the margin side. Just wanted to check are you still maintaining 
that? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes, 3 quarters we've done that, so one more quarter to go. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And given this year obviously had lot of volatility in terms of the base effect and the changes in 
budget regulations. How do we think about the next year and the wallet share from HDFC Bank 
which it still looks a little muted if it back as delayed because like the bank has more focus on 
the deposits and all? So, how do we see bank growth per say on the limited wallet share? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Suresh Badami: 
Directionally like we said earlier, the bank is looking at a market share which will be growing 
for HDFC Life. Obviously, we have to ensure that our support to the bank whether it's in terms 
of products or training or manpower is adequate and I think that expectation is right. The bank 
obviously is going through the next round of merger at their level. So, given what's happening 
in the market on the liability side. In the long run, obviously they will continue to focus on 
ensuring that their customers also have life insurance. So, we don't see any reason why the focus 
on penetration, the focus on fee income, the focus on life insurance should come down and we 
should grow along with them. They're expanding their market, they're growing into multiple 
locations now. Even their branches are scaling up, their customer base is increasing. So, if you 
were to look at it in terms of the opportunity on their customer base, there's no reason why they 
shouldn't grow, and as what they're indicating, as long as we're able to make sure that we are in 
line with their expectations, our market share will also continue to grow. I would say there's no 
reason why anything should happen differently next year. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And the target wallet share is around 65% to 70% or are we aiming for 70 and plus? 
Suresh Badami: 
The target is definitely that. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
And at the same time, we will look at even the product mix, so it is not just topline for the sake 
of topline, we will see as to in which segments we want to increase our market share. 
Suresh Badami: 
For instance, this year the bank has done very well in terms of the protection share increase, and 
that is really good in terms of the sum assured growth that it has helped us deliver. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Coming to that group protection actually looks a little lower. I think you already mentioned that 
there has been some impact due to change in recent regulation from RBI, but do you think it 
could actually pick up from? 
Vibha Padalkar: 
I think that at least the banks will continue to do well. Maybe we might see some level of softness 
in the NBFC for some time. But I think it will normalize. And for us, we are very blessed in 
terms of our Credit Life portfolio that it's very well balanced across banks, NBFCs, small finance 
banks, HDFC group and so on. So, there's enough in terms of balancing of any regulatory 
changes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
First coming to the Tier-2 and Tier-3 markets, if you can give some color on the margin profile 
for similar products in Tier-2, Tier-3 versus Tier-1. Now I understand it will depend a lot on 
multiple operational factors, channels, persistency, pricing etc., but if you can throw some color 
on how that has been evolving. And on that context, if you can just also mention the demand or 
the customer appetite in Tier-2, Tier-3 versus Tier-1 in terms of product profile, duration, ticket 
size out there? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Yes. So, fairly similar in terms of margin profile, because the pricing has to be right. Things like 
selling longer tenure has to be there for us to understand what the mortality profile is as well as 
what is the persistency profile. As long as those are taken into account in how we price, how we 
underwrite then margins are fairly similar. So, that's not something that is way off or something 
that we worry about. And in terms of what kind of products and so on, these would be tailor 
made for Tier-2 and 3. We always look at certain variants that will make sense that will also 
protect for example, someone whose income levels might be slightly lower, whose appetite to 
take risk might be a little bit lower. For example on protection, even in terms of understanding 
the product or if regular premium is a non-starter, maybe that individual can start off with ROP 
followed by a top up on regular premium or a rider or something down the line. Maybe they start 
off with an ROP, maybe they start off with simpler savings products, easier on underwriting and 
so on. So, product variants could change a little bit, but essentially, products would be the mother 
product. But the variants that we sell could be very nuanced for a slightly different customer 
segment. 
Moderator: 
The last question for the day is from the line of Noel from Ubisoft Entertainment Limited. 
Noel: 
With regards to the EV performance for the past year and what are your projections of how 
corporate bond yields and G-Sec rates are going to go down? And in respect of that, what do 
you think is will be the traditional business performance and what rates are you're expecting out 
of the next year of your business as well as LIC? 
Niraj Shah: 
So, honestly, it's difficult to make a guess in terms of where the interest rates will be. But what 
we've seen in the past is that typically, whatever the rates of interest are, the demand for the long 
term guaranteed products for the past 5 years has been fairly robust as you would have seen for 
whoever had a product has had a fairly significant share of that product for the last five years. 
What has definitely been more relevant in terms of short term versus long term interest rates. 
So, if the short-term interest rates are very similar to long-term interest rates, there may be 
customers who may be thinking about postponing their decision to buy or commit to a longer-
term product. Has that happened? Yes, we've seen some of that happen, when we talk to 
customers and some of the distributors. Now there is a broad expectation that interest rates will 
go down over the next 12 months, 18 months. When that happens, the key will be in terms of 
what is the short term and the long-term interest rates. So, if the interest rate environment is still 
upward sloping, then we don't see any change in the way customers are likely to think about 
committing to a long-term product. But if the yield curve is flat then you could see some sort of 
softness relative to what we could otherwise see. But beyond that, I think typically customers 
who are looking at a long term do not really think too much about what the shorter term trends 
are. So, even at this rate, we're seeing 30% plus mix on non-par. So, I think that's a fairly strong 
indicator of that. 
Noel: 
But then what is your expectation regarding LIC and how will they be changing their rate mix? 

 
HDFC Life Insurance Company Limited 
January 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Niraj Shah: 
Honestly, not for us to answer that. But what we can just say about them as a very respected peer 
is that they have been very calibrated in the way they've approached the pricing and underwriting 
on all categories of products, whether it's long-term savings, annuities or protection. So, we 
would believe they would continue on that path. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Vibha 
Padalkar for closing comments. 
Vibha Padalkar: 
Thank you everyone for joining today's call. On behalf of HDFC Life, I wish you all a great year 
ahead. Please feel free to reach out to our IR team in case of any further queries. 
 
