                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
CIN NO. L24231 HP1984PLC006028 
Corp. Off.: 2nd Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Park, Udyog Vihar-III, Sector-20, Gurugram, Haryana-122016, INDIA 
TEL.: +91 124 4892000, E-mail: corporate@morepen.com, Website: www.morepen.com 
 
Regd. Off.: Morepen Village, Malkumajra, Nalagarh Road, Baddi, Distt. Solan (H.P.) -173205, INDIA 
Tel.: +91 1795 266401-03, 244590, Fax: +91 1795 244591, E-mail: plants@morepen.com 
 
 
Date: 03.02.2024 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol: MOREPENLAB 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500288 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call –  Q 3 FY 24 
 
Reference: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”)  
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Please find attached transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized on Thursday, 1st February 
2024 at 12.00 Noon (IST) subsequent to declaration of unaudited standalone and consolidated 
financial results for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December 2023.  
The aforesaid transcripts is also available on the website of the company viz., www.morepen.com 
Kindly take note of aforesaid into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Morepen Laboratories Limited  
  
  
Vipul Kumar Srivastava  
Company Secretary  
F-12148 
 
Encl.: a/a. 
 
Vipul 
Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed 
by Vipul Kumar 
Srivastava 
Date: 2024.02.03 
15:44:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Morepen Laboratories Limited 
Q3 FY2024 Results Conference Call” 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MS. VAISHNAVI AMBOKAR – KIRIN ADVISORS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL SURI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY2024 Results 
Conference Call of Morepen Laboratories Limited hosted by Kirin 
Advisors Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Vaishnavi Ambokar from Kirin Advisors 
Private Limited. Over to you Madam! 
Vaishnavi Ambokar: Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the 
conference call of Morepen Laboratories Limited. From the management 
side we have Mr. Sushil Suri, Chairman & Managing Director and Mr. 
Ajay Sharma, Chief Financial Officer. Now I hand over the call to Mr. 
Sushil Suri and Ajay Sir. Over to you Sir! 
Sushil Suri: 
Good afternoon, everybody. This is the end of the month and of course the 
beginning of the new month as it coming, so heartiest congratulations to 
everybody and Happy New Year we are meeting for the first time and now 
is an opportune time that the industry is doing very good, country is doing 
very good and India is doing very good, so the best time to meet these 
days. So fortunately for us this year beginning was very good, we have 
started the year with celebration of our 40th anniversary, so just to share 
with all the colleagues and shareholders today that the company has been 
in the business for the last 40 years. We started the celebration on January 
1, 2024, so the struggle for 40 years was huge I would not to say that it was 
less, so this was a journey of courage, conviction, authenticity and we kept 
on insisting and that okay we have to survive and as a small promoter 
driven private limited company just started with Rs.40000 and now we 
have built an organization worth Rs.2000 Crores to Rs.2500 Crores going 
for a billion dollar dream, so it was a very good journey. So thank you very 
much all the shareholders for being a part of the journey and I would like 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 24 
to share a few pivotal moments while we in this 40 years there are three, 
four critical moments but I would like to thank all the shareholders for 
supporting us. The first one of course when we all connected with you 
guys were back in 1992 when we had our IPO in November 1992, so IPO 
was one of the first pivotal moments what we had during our early days. 
Before that it was just a family company with all dependents in the banks 
and loans, so you made us walk together and the company that we got into 
a financial exposure. Now with the grace of God and with all the team 
members taken together we have more than three lakhs shareholders now, 
so we are a big family now, so that was one big critical moment and 
second thing immediately after the IPO of course it was a small IPO at that 
time the second thing with the company did big in 42 years was that earlier 
the company was started with one product Ampicillin. Slowly, we 
expanded into Ampicillin, Amoxicillin, and other similar antibiotics, so 
one of the major moments was IPO we did was that we looked for 
diversification and started investing on R&D, started working on new 
molecules, and of course slowly start a whole line of antibiotics. Now we 
are 100% exclusively a new molecule company. We do not have any 
routine run of the milk products, we produce only high value products and 
that is one reason our productivity in the industry is very high because 
nominal capacity we have very large sales values as compared to our peer 
groups. 
 
So on the new molecules, we started with one or two products, Loratadine, 
Cisapride, Ketrolac and Omeprazole, but of course now we have a range of 
over 50 products now and we are catering to the global market over 80 
countries and of course with all the latest molecules, so there is a big 
opportunity so that was I would say the second pivotal moment. The third 
thing which after four or five years after the new molecules is we launched 
a brand called Dr. Morepen, so that is the first time that as a pharma 
company we thought of getting directly talking to the consumer and 
connected to the consumer, looking at the international trend, we could see 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 24 
that in the Indian scenario most of our pharma companies are limited their 
reach only up to the doctors and the consumer is not connected and of 
course the laws were not very flexible, so now with our brand called Dr. 
Morepen we are present in the whole country with our OTC bands like 
Burnol and Lemolate and more importantly our medical devices. So Dr. 
Morepen has reached every household, so this was a big move which we 
took in our journey and of course after this Dr. Morepen brand the major 
move I talked about the medical devices. This was a big thing. Most of our 
Indian companies they focus only on the medicines, but we focus on the 
diagnostics also and started with import of the medical devices, slowly 
started manufacturing in India, so now we are the largest manufacturer of 
medical devices in India particularly glucometer and BP monitor we are 
the market leaders. So this is all about I would say brief journey of 40 
years, we had wonderful time and through this call and through this 
platform I would like to thank everybody, all the shareholders and 
gratitude and thanksgiving to all the people who have been part of this 
beautiful journey. 
 
Now coming specifically to the quarterly results and before I step in with 
the results I would like to say that after the journey of 40 years, which was 
more of I would say follow up of I will use the word courage and 
conviction, but now we are moving more towards excellence and as a 
motto of the company, so we have rebuilt our core values around 
excellence and of course the basis of excellence is special which we are 
always filled off and of course the fire in the belly we need a drive and 
commitment what we are always full of and then the second thing is the 
action which is naturally more related with the execution and more to do 
with the speed, more to do with the results and only passion will not do we 
have to have an action and the third thing is which is the present day need 
is innovation, so these are the three things. Without innovation, without 
technology, without digitization, and without R&D we cannot build the 
future. So taking together on our field of excellence through action, 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 24 
passion, and innovation we have started the New Year and here we are in 
front of you presenting Morepen 2.0 with the Q3 results of course first for 
the New Year. 
 
So quarterly results numbers have been circulated already yesterday I am 
sure most of you might have seen. If I quickly review the numbers, which 
was an awesome quarter, amazing results and the team had worked very 
hard on all the fronts. The net revenue has grown up by 28% to almost 
Rs.100 Crores from Rs.350 Crores to almost Rs.450 Crores. It is a Rs.100 
Crores jump in revenue in one quarter is pretty wholesome, so it directly 
adds I would say gross margins to the bottomline, so another Rs.30 Crores 
to Rs.40 Crores is added. Then accordingly the EBITDA number, all the 
addition, the gross margin is directly getting added to the EBITDA, so 
EBITDA had jumped from Rs.22 Crores to Rs.55 Crores so this is Rs.33 
Crores increase in EBITDA which is like 151% increase in EBITDA 
margins for the company. This is one area which the company was lacking 
and struggling and trying to find ways how do we increase our EBITDA 
and certainly the pressure was to increase our revenues on the gross 
because most of the expenses are fixed expenses, so we have been able to 
crack it. EBITDA for the first time after a long gap is in the double digit, 
so it is around 12.18% EBITDA margins, so it is almost double as 
compared to EBITDA margin last year. Last year EBITDA was 6.22% so 
now this year EBITDA is 12.18% which is pretty good and pretty 
encouraging for the whole team and I am happy to share the shareholders 
that after a nice EBITDA certainly we do not have much interest as you 
know we are a debt free company. So all of the profit is almost out of 
Rs.33 Crores Rs.30 Crores is going to the bottomline profit before tax from 
Rs.14 Crores to Rs.44 Crores so the wholesome growth in the profit before 
tax and of course the similar numbers are visible in the profit after tax. In 
after tax also from Rs.9 Crores to Rs.32 Crores Rs.24 Crores is going to 
the bottomline, profit after tax has increased by 256% in the quarter. So it 
is almost three-and-a-half times the 256% increase and I do not have to add 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 24 
that. Accordingly, the EPS for the quarter has also jumped. EPS for the 
quarter is now Rs.0.63, so if we try to extrapolate, we have to be close to 
Rs.2 plus EPS for the whole year if we are able to continue this streak. 
Even if we keep, I would say Rs.0.60 as a base so be it, it should be a good 
number in the coming quarters. So last quarter we were insisting that okay 
yes, we have been able to maintain or reclaim our Rs.400 Crores mark, but 
this time from Rs.400 Crores to Rs.450 Crores in the revenue that is a good 
jump. Interestingly, once we have a good EBITDA number and good 
revenue number, the PAT percentage profit after tax has also jumped. 
Profit after tax has gone up 2.5% to almost 7.13%, so this is also 
phenomenal and of course a lot of factors have gone into it, lot of I would 
say one-on-one item line-by-line underwritings have been done to achieve 
this, which we will come one-by-one as we go forward and based on this 
awesome quarter the nine months numbers are also fabulous and we are 
happy to share that there is 21% increase in revenue, there is a 79% 
increase in EBITDA margins which is 79% increase in the total EBITDA 
value. So there is almost Rs.50 Crores addition of EBITDA and then net 
profit is before tax has almost doubled from Rs.44 Crores to Rs.93 Crores. 
EPS is 123% because profit after tax is also 123% up from Rs.30 Crores to 
Rs.67 Crores for the nine months. Now if you look at the EBITDA for the 
nine months this is also 9.39% so hopefully it will continue on the same 
streak. So maybe for the year as a whole we may be able to cross 10%, but 
keeping fingers crossed, so far so good. We are on an exciting journey and 
the team had been working very hard and of course the markets were a 
little different and they were choppy so what we have been able to score it 
well. 
 
So coming specifically to the numbers and I assured that Q3 revenue at 
Rs.449 Crores is up 28% and nine months revenue is up 21%, so nine 
months also we are at a growth. Domestic revenue is up 27% and for the 
nine months period domestic revenue is up 30% the total revenue is up 
28% and domestic revenue is up 30%. If you see in detail the API revenue 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 24 
Rs.253 Crores is up 20% on year-on-year basis but on the year as a whole 
for the nine months so API revenue is up 10% so API is adding 
substantially. It is a bigger chunk so even 10% increase in nine months is a 
lot. The point I would say relief is that the growth of the API is coming 
from exports, so 31% increase in the exports while the domestic business 
has grown only 1%. That is one reason that everything is getting added to 
the bottomline because exports is more profiteering and within exports 
these are all exposed to the regulated markets more particularly in the US 
market, particularly a product called Fexofenadine (Allegra), so which we 
had got USFDA a few years ago during COVID time we had got approval. 
So supplies have started going in nine months we have done good exports 
to Fexofenadine into US market and that is adding to the bottomline and as 
you might have seen in the result medical device business is back on its 
high growth journey with 24% growth in the revenue in Q3 and 37% jump 
in the nine months that is awesome and of course the market had been 
responding very well. The demand is going up and of course our team has 
been working hard. We have increased the distribution, so we will explain 
when we come to those slides. So the new element which is added to the 
revenue is formulation business. Again, our formulation business was 
struggling and having nominal growth 2%, 3%, and 5% but we had a 
phenomenal 40% growth in this quarter and for the nine months we have 
growth of 22% in the formulation business. So thanks to our increased 
capacity, our capacities have almost gone three times from our 30 million 
per month capsule tableting capacity to 90 million we have gone and 
certainly some capacities are still yet to be showing the results in Q4, but it 
has already started showing colors. We have huge supplies starting with 
Jan Aushadhi in the generic business. So we are getting traction and maybe 
this will become our third growth path after the API and the medical 
devices. This is broadly on that point and of course financial numbers I 
shared that EBITDA margins have gone up almost doubled from 6.22% to 
12.18% and nine months time also EBITDA is very high. PAT margins 
have gone up from 2.57% to 7.13%. EPS of course is Rs.0.63 which is 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 24 
256% from Rs.0.18 in the last quarter and all this is I would say good start 
of the year and I said that is our journey toward excellence had just began 
and we are full of passion, action and of course the innovation. 
 
Now coming specifically to the numbers of the topline and the bottomline, 
so during this quarter we have almost added Rs.100 Crores in the topline 
from Rs.350 Crores to Rs.449 Crores Rs.99 Crores we have added and 
there is a 28% increase on quarter-on-quarter basis as compared to the last 
year and of course this includes all the business segments API, medical 
devices, formulation and OTC. The point to be seen here is that during this 
quarter and of course during the period of nine months also the API 
business; all businesses have gone up except there is a small lag or 
correction in Dr. Morepen. In API in the quarter we have grown 20% and 
in the nine months time we have grown 10%. So this is a very positive 
statement that last couple of quarters there are ups and downs but now we 
are seeing that three quarters consequently the API is growing up. Devices 
have been growing up consequently for the last three quarters. For this 
quarter devices is 24% increase in the business and it has delivered much 
better and for the nine months devices is 37%. Formulation business as I 
shared is 40% up in this quarter, 22% up in the nine months. OTC and Dr. 
Morepen business we are doing some cleaning so there is a correction of 
3% during the quarter also and for the nine months also it is almost flat. So 
if you look at the overall growth, 52% of the growth is coming from API, 
another 25% from devices, and another 23% from formulation. So there is 
a very balanced growth which is coming from all angles. 
 
Now specifically coming to the API business, so the API revenues for the 
quarter are up 20% as I shared with you, so as we say that the API business 
is growing, so there is a particular trend which we always see, but this time 
the trend is being bumped and the US market is increasing. If you look at 
the continent wise share the US market share has gone up by 5% from 
12.9% to 17.9% in the US market share and of course the Asia market 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 24 
share also gone up which does not include India. The Asian market has 
gone up from 22% to 27% so both US and Asian markets have improved. 
India market is slightly up 2.5%. There is certainly a significant reduction 
in the MENA market, which is Middle East and North African markets 
there is a reduction in there, but on the whole if you see the major growth 
if we look at the continent wise and the country wise, so the countries 
which have registered a growth is USA, Columbia, Israel, Korea, Jordan, 
Turkey, Syria, Macedonia, Oman and Japan. So other than US if you see 
then of course Israel is there, but after that it is all Asian countries, Japan, 
Korea, Malaysia, Turkey, Syria, Oman and Japan, so there has been growth 
all around and all countries. So we have been spending lots and lots of man 
hours and investment in terms of people and resources in cracking new 
markets. So during this period of last one year we have added 55 new 
customers at a global level. We have added many more countries where we 
were not present earlier. We have added two more countries where we are 
not present earlier and we have added 55 more new customers in this 
period and of course new customers are being added in India, Asia, 
Europe, South America, South Africa, Middle East, and all countries we 
have been adding and there are some customers who are giving 50% to 
60% growth, but there are some customers with small numbers, so they 
have grown even like 200%, even one customer has grown in Europe by 
almost 1000%, 10X growth is there, but those we have to see the average 
out. So if under API if we talk at a macro level the whole idea is to reach to 
more and more customers and to have a better reach in terms of one-on-one 
relation with the customers. If we talk of a particular product Fexofenadine 
or this Allegra is the one product which has been leading. We have 180% 
growth during this quarter and of course during nine months also there is 
sufficient growth. Rosuvastatin is growing, Atorvastatin is growing, 
Montelukast is growing, Rosuvastatin by 80%, Atorvastatin by 15%, and 
Montelukast by 20% so there has been growth all around and certainly 
there is a reduction in I would say pressure in the market on the pricing 
part, so if you look at the sales value and sales volumes so there is a lot of 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 24 
debate that, okay, is the market going up or is market going down. So we 
see that our quantity produced in last nine months has gone up 37%, so 
almost 40% increase in the production. So thanks to our increase in the 
capacities so our capacity has gone up and 40% increase in the production 
and rates have gone down the sales prices have gone down. Now prices is 
going down and quantity is going up it only means that there is a demand, 
but the demand is not at a higher price demand is at a certainly lower price 
but thankfully we have been updating our shareholders. In the earlier 
representations that the China supplies are unpredictable and there is a 
price pressure and margin pressure but thankfully this quarter the China 
prices have softened, we have been able to negotiate better with our 
vendors in India and in China and overall, our sales have grown up by 10% 
in nine months in spite of the reduction in the sales prices. If there was no 
reduction in the sales prices we would have gained 40% increase in the 
revenues which was last two quarters we suffered, but this quarter we have 
reclaimed. So that is I think the overall picture in the API but if we go 
forward in the API and see that, okay, what each product has been 
contributing and which are the key products as we have shared earlier 
multiple times that we are the market leaders for Loratadine, we have 65% 
market share of Loratadine when it comes out to exports out of India. So 
any $100 export out of India $65 is going from Morepen and of course 
another product Desloratadine both have USFDA approved, so there again 
47% share is ours and Montelukast we have 43% share. So we have the 
major players in Montelukast and Desloratadine and Loratadine of course 
we are the kings and then Atorvastatin, Rosuvastatin and Fexofenadine we 
have between 8% to 18% market share here, but we are improving as we 
go and the large molecules so we feel that okay, we will keep on 
increasing, we are increasing the capacities of these shares and these 
products and when you look at the new capacities we have added 
capacities for Atorvastatin, we have added capacities for Montelukast, and 
we have added capacities for Fexofenadine. So when we started the year 
we have 310 Kilolitre capacity, but we are closing the year with almost 400 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 24 
KL capacity so we have added almost 90 Kilolitre of capacity, which is 
showing up in our increase in the revenue. If we would not have added the 
capacity we would not have been able to service the market, so going 
forward we had planned to add another 100 KL by another six to nine 
months time by June or up to next year up to September, so which we are 
doing from internal accruals, but our overall plan is to increase 250 KL 
capacity in the next 12 months time and of course as we go and close our 
fundraising plan, so we are depending more I would say we will be 
creating more and more capacity and we will be more available to the 
customers. The market is huge, we have a good product market and the 
product basket of course is ready for extension. We have developed four 
more products this time. We have developed Bilastine, Imeglimin, 
Tapentadol, and Ticagrelor. More and more new products are coming and 
you might have noticed there is a lot of action happening on the DMF side 
so the company has filed seven more DMFs in this quarter. We have filed 
six more patents in this quarter. So regulatory team is doing its best and the 
customers are responding for that. The last quarter we had the FDA 
approval, we have PMDA approval and we have ANVISA approval. So lot 
of approvals were happening so thankfully this was a very comfortable 
quarter we had there was not much happening on the approval side the 
team was busy on the business side, of course we had multiple audits. So 
we have shared with you the total intellectual property of the company. We 
have 147 patents with us, 26 US DMFs, China DMFs, and other DMFs, so 
things are very bright and shining on the API side and once we increase the 
capacity of the API we see more and more people joining the bandwagon 
of the supply. So we see more and more tie-ups. So since company has not 
added any new capex since the last couple of years, I would say almost two 
decades, no new plants have been done, so we are looking forward for 
more expansion in the API side. 
 
Now coming specifically to the medical devices, I think we already shared 
that the growth had been phenomenal. So in the glucometer side, the major 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 24 
growth in the medical devices coming from glucometers and BP monitors 
and of course there is 37% growth on year-on-year and 23% growth in the 
quarter and if you look particularly for the meters, so we have now 11.23 
million meters installed in a way we have 11.23 million satisfied customers 
who buy strips from us. So this is like a printer cartridge model, we sell the 
meter and then we supply the strips. So if we have 11 million meters it is 
almost 1, 1.5 Crore meters and you can look at the population of the 
country out of 140 Crores only 1 Crore people have got meters and of 
course similar numbers would be there with all other people together. So 
we have a long way to go. So even if we target 10 Crore meters 100 
million meters in next five years, so all our factories would be busy 
because so many meters we must supply strips also. We have already sold 
strips for almost 1.47 billion, so it is almost more than population in the 
country so we have sold the strips, but it is doing pretty well. In the BP 
monitor also we are seeing a good traction. In BP monitor in nine months 
we have had a revenue of Rs.64 Crores and the number of meters sold is 
already higher than the number of meters sold last year, so there is a little 
bit of price increase also in the BP monitor also and glucometers also. Both 
the things are doing pretty well. They were not happening in the medical 
devices and in the R&D labs but we will come to you once we have some 
good news to share. 
 
Coming to our third line of business, which is formulation as I shared that 
during the quarter we had 40% increase on a year-to-year basis and of 
course within that if you look at the breakup the branded business has 
grown up by 7%, which is more to do with, okay, you appoint more 
people, more team, add new states, and launch two more headquarters in 
Hyderabad and Chennai two more headquarters in the branded business, 
but a major growth is coming from institutional business that is Jan 
Aushadhi, so it is almost three times from Rs.11 Crores to Rs.32 Crores, so 
196% increase in the institutional business. Of course the generics business 
has increased 15% and then in Dr. Morepen where we have in nine months 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 24 
time Burnol had been doing very good, Lemolate had been doing very 
good but we are reducing our focus or our investments I would say on the 
online business because online business consumes lot of capital upfront 
and we have to do a lot of upfront marketing which we are trying to avoid 
because trying to have limited resources, but within the limited resources 
we have been able to maintain our top. 
 
That is all about the different businesses and just to recap of the financial 
numbers, net revenue increased 28%, EBITDA 151%, profit before tax 
almost 200%, after tax 256%, and the good news to share is our EBITDA 
is in double digits now 12.18% for the quarter and PBT of course is 9.8%, 
it is almost pretty close to the two digit number and if you look at the nine 
months number also 21% increase in revenue, 79% increase in EBITDA, 
100% increase in profit before tax, and 123% increase in profit after tax. 
As I said the celebration time, celebration quarter and as I said we started 
the New Year journey very happily with the new slogan, new core values 
of excellence and now we have an excellent quarter and so this call I would 
like to say thanks to all the shareholders for your support and the beautiful 
journey of 40 years which we had together. Thank you very much and I am 
here to answer if anybody has any questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. We have our first question from the line of Darshit from Robo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshit: 
Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on 
the superb quarter. So my questions firstly is how do you see the mix of all 
these like four segments as you call it, API devices, formulations and Dr. 
Morepen evolving like, is it true that API will remain to be a key driver 
followed by devices and then formulations and do we see like Dr. Morepen 
revenue is flattish in the near future like say two to three years or one to 
two years? 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Sushil Suri: 
Darshit I think this is a very valid question and I am very happy to share 
that as it stands today, so we are seeing growth all around, API of course is 
growing at a CAGR of 17% to 18% and of course medical devices growing 
much faster medical devices growing 25% to 26% on an average including 
the flips and flops together but 26% growth in medical devices and as I 
shared that now as we go forward formulation also is inching up, so going 
forward what we see that API share will reduce from 60 to maybe 50 
because medical devices are growing faster and formulation of course will 
grow a little faster now with increased capacities. Of course we will keep 
investing in the capacities, but more important than percentages and 
number I would like to share that it is a part of the overall strategy that we 
have to go forward integration. If you look at the most pharma companies 
where they have high EBITDA margins 20% and 25%, they have high 
gross margins of up to 70% to 75% because of the formulation, branded 
formulation, but at Morepen we started as a API player and we have a 
strong API. Now we have good 40 to 50 products in our API basket. If we 
do our own formulation whether for Jan Aushadhi or for US market or for 
exports so we see a lot of advantage that if we have our own API we can 
excel in formulation also, so slowly, slowly the formulation things will go 
up and I am not saying immediate it may take three to five years for the 
formulation business to go up, but we are confident formulation will go up. 
Devices certainly are growing pretty comfortably. So API I would not say 
that it will grow low, but it would not grow at 30% or 40%. API will keep 
going 17% to 18% I would say up to 20% and we are I would say quite 
happy on that and the second thing is the Dr. Morepen as an OTC. Dr. 
Morepen is an independent OTC plate. It has to do with the consumer 
market, so of course there the whole connect is with the consumer, so it has 
nothing to do whether I have my own API, whether I have my own 
formulation or whether I sell devices or not. So Dr. Morepen, we are still 
evaluating that okay how should we talk about the growth of Dr. Morepen 
because it involves a lot of media spends. So we are working closely on 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 24 
that. Certainly at appropriate time we will come with the strategy on Dr. 
Morepen also. 
Darshit: 
I missed the part when you talked about EBITDA margins of formulation, 
how much was it? 
Sushil Suri: 
As of today the gross margin I am saying, the gross margins in formulation 
industry, the branded formulation is very high it is between 60% and 70% 
but in our case the mixed formulation because of generics and Jan 
Aushadhi and everything, our gross margins is around 30% to 35% which 
is very low. So as we keep on investing on the doctors, as we keep on 
increasing our reach in the market, so our gross margin will go up there 
also and second of course is the scale. If we just have a scale of say Rs.100 
Crores or so the numbers look small, but now this year the formulation will 
be around Rs.230 Crores to Rs.240 Crores so it gives us substantial number 
and maybe in the Q4 itself we will have some better margin, gross margin 
and then of course maybe it will be positive. So far we have been investing 
behind this business and we are comfortable that okay, the margins of the 
company would also go up. 
Darshit: 
I just like to summarize my understanding that API is will relax a bit and 
grow at the 17%  to 18% CAGR, formulations will be the new driver, the 
hydro segment and following that will be devices and then Morepen we 
will see how it pans out correct? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, API is certainly is aggressive. For API 20% to 25% growth at a large 
base is huge and of course we are happy over there also. Yes, the license 
will be growing faster than API and that is why the share of API will go 
down, not that growth will go down from 60% it has already come to 55%. 
Darshit: 
How do you see the blended EBITDA margins panning out we talked 
about formulations margin increasing so with that? 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 24 
Sushil Suri: 
12% this quarter and we hope that we keep on adding 20 to 30 basis points 
every quarter. So I am sure we will be able to maintain a double digit 
number regularly between 12% and 13% blended EBITDA in the coming 
two years time. 
Darshit: 
Alright and is it possible that you can give a margin breakup for each 
segment? 
Sushil Suri: 
I do not have the numbers with me now, but normally when we made these 
quarterly presentations, those are revenue numbers but yes whenever we 
have some private calls with investors and others, so we do share those 
numbers and we would appreciate that in our business some competitors 
are looking at each other’s numbers. 
Darshit: 
I totally get that. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Darshit. Thank you for sharing interest. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Gunit Singh from Counter 
Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir first of all I would like to 
understand your capacity utilization across segments for the company 
currently? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes capacity utilization, I would say we are at the peak capacity utilization 
in both the segments. I will say all the three segments so in the API I told 
that we are already increasing capacity and we are side-by-side expanding 
capacity and using it. We are operating at more than 90% to 95% capacity, 
which is an optimum for any process industry. In the medical devices we 
were short of capacities during COVID time and we were depending on lot 
of imports also, BP monitors we were not able to supply from our own 
plant we have to import and there was a lot of pressure on oximeters and 
oxygen concentrators but now last one to one-and-a-half years we have 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 24 
been investing on the capacities. We have added a new line for the 
glucometers and strips actually, we have added in a new line for the BP 
monitors and we are doing backward integration for our chip packaging 
unit SMP-9 so there is a lot happening just to keep up with the pace of the 
production. So that is one reason that now the medical devices business is 
around Rs.425 Crores expected within this year. So from Rs.400 Crores if 
you have to go to Rs.1000 Crores we have to invest more and more on the 
capacities also because we were all home grown businesses and need to 
invest in the capacities, so the third business of course formulation and as I 
shared that we have started investing in the capacities and of course there 
are old machines which are not having high speed machinery. So we have 
increased the formulation capacity almost three times which certainly was 
not fully operational in Q3. So this quarter it should be fully operational 
and whenever it is fully operational we will be doing 75% to 80% because 
it operates on a change over and other things so good capacity utilization I 
would say. We are at optimum capacity utilizations. 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright Sir. So what is the revenue potential of the additional capacity that 
we have added in formulations? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes formulation, as I shared that that will become a new growth driver 
because in this quarter itself it has grown 40%, so next quarter it will grow 
almost 60%, so we are expecting that formulation business give or take one 
year here or there it will become Rs.500 Crores in the coming three years 
time and today it will be around 230 to 240 this year it will close so it will 
double the value and of course it will take some time for refining the 
EBITDA margins but going forward we are seeing a lot happening on the 
foundation side. 
Gunit Singh: 
That is great to hear and considering the topline and bottomline numbers of 
this quarter and you mentioned that we will be maintaining a double digit 
margin for the coming two years can we consider this quarter to be the run 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 24 
rate going forward or do we see any seasonality in the business in some of 
the quarters? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes Gunit we all wish and I do not say that we do not want it we all want it 
but that all depends ultimately the market. So like I said the last couple of 
quarters I would say almost one, one-and-a-half years there was a pressure 
in the pricing from China. China is increasing prices now they have 
softened out, maybe if the trend continues and of course our team has also 
worked to reduce the cost stream so if everything goes well, this is what 
we all want, but overall what we are doing is a strategic change. Strategic 
changes is that yes, API, we increase new products and new reach. In the 
medical devices we add more distributors and better reach. We are 
spending on the brand building. Formulation we are adding on the 
marketing part and adding on the capacity so overall margins are going up. 
So we are comfortable that we should be able to maintain, but the answer 
is positive but I do not say that yes we will get the same numbers next 
quarter so I cannot publically say it. 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright Sir but considering that we are in the second month of Q4 so I am 
sure you must be seeing some confidence that is why you are saying that 
we will see increase in the margins so that is very heartening to hear and 
Sir do we have any aspirations and growth numbers for FY2025 in terms 
of growth in topline and bottomline or some scientific margins that we are 
looking at for FY2025? 
Sushil Suri: 
Gunit normally we do not give any guidance or results or predictions but I 
can only say that we will keep on growing at the same pace as we are 
growing or maybe a little better and that is why we always talk about the 
CAGR so we are expecting 16% to 17% growth this year while we end the 
year. So obviously if we continue the same path you can imagine that 
around 20% growth we should get. So then slowly, slowly as we build in 
capacity the growth may be a little more, we can go to 20% to 25% but I 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 24 
would say between 20% to 25% is our growth target and like you said it is 
more of an aspiration and we want to build about that. 
Gunit Singh: 
Steady state operating margins? 
Sushil Suri: 
Operating margin, of course EBITDA is the operating margin. We do not 
have any interest or not much depreciation as of now, so we will be in the 
early double digits I would say. 
Gunit Singh: 
Alright Sir. Wishing you all the best. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Yashwanti from Kojin 
Finvest. Please go ahead. 
Yashwanti: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir just wanted to know if we 
had expanded our capacities in some of our verticals like API, devices, 
formulation so what has been the capex spend and talent addition for the 
period and the quarter period till date? 
Sushil Suri: 
Look our capacity spends so far had been all from the internal accruals. We 
have spent around Rs.50 Crores in the capex in last nine months time and 
everything has been done from the internal accruals and that is the reason 
that whatever cash flow is being generated it is either going in the capex or 
it is going in the working capital. So we are always tight on the cash flows 
because of these things and going forward we are looking for our capex 
plan in between Rs.125 Crores to Rs.150 Crores for the API, there is 
another Rs.50 Crores for the medical devices and of course another Rs.40 
Crores for the formulation, so we have a capex plan planned out and of 
course some working capital requirement also. So that is where we are 
planning to have a better fundraising plan depending on how the markets 
pan out and depending on how the results do because we are putting a 
pressure on the team that okay we have to perform first. So first we 
perform and deliver and then we ask. 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 24 
Yashwanti: 
The margin profile you said we will be maintaining around 12%, so is it 
possible to sustain this? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes but looking at the product mix we should be able to sustain it because 
there is nothing unusual with this time and of course export percentage is 
almost same. One product was not doing well Loratadine so some other 
product has taken over but the export percentage it remains the same and 
API margins. Medical devices are a very stable business and formulation 
as we increase our capacities so our expense percentage goes down as a 
percentage. For example in the beginning of the year maybe the salary 
percentage of the plant was like 27% to 28%, but at the end of the year the 
salary percentage has come down to 15% to 16% because the production 
has doubled, so if we have better machines, more fast moving machines, 
and a little investment in the capex so we can get better utilization of the 
manpower also. 
Yashwanti: 
Sir is it possible for you or is it the right forum to explain the vertical wise 
margin? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes you can write to our CFO he can share with you at 
ajay.sharma@morepen.com 
Yashwanti: 
That is all from my side. I will come back in the queue. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you very much ! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Saurabh Bhidhala from IISL. 
Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Bhidhala: Good afternoon Sir and congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir the 
question has been asked almost, I just wanted to ask on the margins so 
what kind of a margin in FY2025 and FY2026 you will be maintaining can 
you throw the color on this? 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 24 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, like you said that we have almost talked about margin multiple times 
but broadly speaking if we continue the same streak and the same set of 
numbers the way we are doing certainly the margin profile will keep on 
going up. Our EBITDA for this year as a whole if we are able to cross in 
two digits so certainly we will be adding 200 basis points next year, then 
next year and then next year. So we will keep on adding and say 150 to 
200 basis points year-by-year and based on the set of same assumptions 
and once there is a good addition to EBITDA since we do not have much 
interest component I think everything will add to the bottomline and the 
PAT numbers which are very low now which are around 6% expected by 
end of the year naturally those will add another 150 to 200 basis points 
maybe from 6 to 8 to 10. So in the third year onwards we are saying that 
okay, maybe we should have a double digit PAT also. The third means 
FY2026. 
Saurabh Bhidhala: Number two Sir your OTC brand is under very much pressure can you 
throw the color on this, what kind of a trajectory do you see in this? 
Sushil Suri: 
Saurabh I will be frank that basically OTC needs lot of upfront investments 
and basically in terms of marketing and branding and everything, so we are 
presently not investing much in promotion and advertisement without any, 
I would say either investor or a strategic partner, so we are basically 
looking for that okay what is the right mix because last to last year during 
COVID time we started investing online so online was again bleeding 
exercise because there is a lot of upfront investment on the advertisement 
and customer acquisition so we are going a bit slow but certainly we have a 
lot of opportunities there and certainly you will hear some new products 
being launched so we are looking for more and more innovative products 
there and up to motion budget but otherwise Dr. Morepen as a company 
and as a brand and we shared in our previous calls also so Dr. Morepen is a 
consumers darling so it is basically a market friendly product so it deserves 
its own IPO and it deserves its own freedom but once we resolve things at 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 24 
a corporate level then Dr. Morepen will come out on its own, raise its own 
capital and go for its own IPO and go for market promotion and whatever, 
so we are trying to conserve cash and not invest on the advertisement that 
is the broad strategy as it stands today but as we go forward certainly we 
are looking for more innovative products so I am not disclosing the product 
now, but certainly in the coming quarters you will see some new product 
launches. 
Saurabh Bhidhala: Okay, number three are you needing to raise some fundraising program or 
are you increasing the stake in your companies can you throw this on the 
color? 
Sushil Suri: 
We are working on the resource augmentation. Of course, exactly as I 
shared that while we are doing capacity expansion and working capital 
extension and of course even if we are normal 20% to 25% growth so we 
need a huge working capital augmentation. So we have various plans 
which are being discussed internally but we have not given any final shape 
to anything, so we are still at an evaluation stage. 
Saurabh Bhidhala: Okay, thank you. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you, Saurabh, thanks a lot! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Raaj: 
Sir if I remember it right there was an EC approval pending for our plant 
so any status update on that? 
Sushil Suri: 
EC approval? 
Raaj: 
Yes. 
Sushil Suri: 
Environment? 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 24 
Raaj: 
Environment, yes. 
Sushil Suri: 
We have a running matter which is there with routine pollution department. 
The departments are very active, they were online monitoring and they 
visit our factories almost every week, but for the new project we have got a 
single window clearance and of course somebody had filed a case in NGT 
which is going in routine and regular dates but there is nothing pending, 
pending as such, but business as usual is going, but yes we are working on 
the zero liquid discharge ZLD they call and zero liquid discharge is being 
worked out which is we have achieved physically on sight but the 
department is yet to approve finally and they want some video call or they 
want some live demonstrations but that is a routine matter. 
Raaj: 
Alright understood and one more thing I wanted to ask about your capex 
plans I skipped the point on the segment wise capex which you intend to 
do? 
Sushil Suri: 
Segment wise as I shared that we have a capex plan for different, different 
divisions. For example for API we are looking at around Rs.125 Crores 
capex and of course including working capital and then for medical devices 
around Rs.50 Crores and for Rx it is more of working capital and then 
OTC is as I shared that we will be going slow, so around Rs.133 Crores for 
the cap, for the API around Rs.50 Crores to Rs.60 Crores for the medical 
devices and for the formulation. So these are three to four I would say 
basically between Rs.200 Crores to Rs.250 Crores is capex plus working 
capital in the next two to three years time. So let us see how what the 
financial team may come out with and we are open to discussing and of 
course we have been approached by many multiple banks or any debt 
raising because we are debt free company, so certainly we are open to 
discussion of that. We are evaluating the various options. 
Raaj: 
Thank you. That is, from me. 

 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Vaishnavi Ambokar for closing 
comments. 
Vaishnavi Ambokar: Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of Morepen 
Laboratories Limited. If you have any queries, you can write us at 
research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again thank you everyone for joining 
the conference. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you guys. Thank you very much. Thank you for joining. 
