JYOTI CNC AUTOMATION LIMITED 
CIN: U29221GJ1991PLC014914 
Regd. Off.: G – 506, Lodhika GIDC, Kalawad Road, 
Metoda, Rajkot – 360 021. 
  
 
Date: February 20, 2024 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Department of Corporate Services, 
The Listing Compliance Dept. 
BSE Limited, Mumbai 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, Mumbai 
 
BSE Script Code: 544081 
 
 
NSE Script Symbol: JYOTICNC 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
SUB :  TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL POST DECLARATION OF THE FINANCIAL RESULTS 
OF THE FOR THE QUARTER AND NINE MONTHS ENDED ON DECEMBER 31,2023. 
 
in continuation to our letter dated February 13, 2024, a Conference Call was hosted with the 
Management of Jyoti CNC Automation Limited on February 16, 2024 for discussion on the financial 
results with the participants. 
 
A Transcript of the above Conference Call is enclosed herewith. 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________________ 
Maulik B Gandhi  
Compliance Officer and Company Secretary 
Membership No.: F8819 
 
Encl.: Transcript as stated above. 
Maulik 
Bharatkumar 
Gandhi
Digitally signed by Maulik 
Bharatkumar Gandhi
DN: cn=Maulik Bharatkumar 
Gandhi c=IN o=Personal
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: 
Date: 2024-02-20 19:11+05:30

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Jyoti CNC Automation Limited Q3 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAKRAM C. JADEJA – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
MS. SHIVANGI LAKHANI – EXECUTIVE HEAD OF 
CORPORATE COMMUNICATION 
MR. MAULIK GANDHI, COMPLIANCE OFFICER AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT PATEL – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited hosted by Equirus Securities. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Patel.  
Harshit Patel: 
Thank you, Michelle. A very good afternoon everyone. 
Today we have with us the Management of Jyoti CNC Automation to discuss the third quarter 
results. 
From the Management, we have with us, Mr. Parakram C. Jadeja - Chairman and Managing 
Director; Ms. Shivangi Lakhani - Executive Head of Corporate Communication; and Mr. Maulik 
Gandhi - Compliance Officer and Company Secretary.  
 
Without taking much time, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Parakram C. Jadeja for 
his opening remarks, after which we can start the session for Q&A. Over to you, Jadeja sir. 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Good afternoon, friends. I am very thrilled to welcome you all to our First Earnings Call meeting 
following our “Highly Successful IPO”. The overwhelming response and the incredible 40x over 
subscription respect and reflect the trust and confidence you have placed in our vision and 
potential.  
 
Our journey since the IPO has been nothing short of remarkable and I am delighted to share with 
you the result of our first quarter. It is a testament to the hard work, dedication and resilience to 
our entire team. In this inaugural meeting, we aim to provide you with the comprehensive 
overview of our performance strategies and key milestones achieved during the quarter.  
 
Your partnership and support have been instrumental in propelling us forward and we are 
committed to delivering sustainable and sustained values and growth of our investors. As we 
navigate through the opportunities and the challenges ahead, your insight, your feedback and 
continued belief in our mission will be invaluable. Together, we are poised to seize new 
opportunities, overcome obstacles and chart a path toward a long-term success design. 
 
So, now, without further delay, we will, let's say, state our performance over the past quarter. 
Beginning with people, let's say, and jump into the presentation. 
Let's say, I will like to tell you a few about the Company over here: 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Let's say that Jyoti CNC is a first generation of business. I started this Company way back in 
1989 with a small job shop. And initially, let's say, base in Rajkot, bought the lathe machines 
and doing the work for the lathe manufacturing companies over there. Gradually, we have grown 
up from component manufacturing to sub-assembly, assembly, and finally, we have started 
manufacturing the conventional lathe machines and all.  
 
And in 1998, I realized that the computer is coming a big way and we jumped into the 
manufacturing of a computerized numerical control machine, so-called as the CNC machine, 
physically. Physically, our industries are to be in metal cutting machines. We are manufacturing 
the machines of a metal cutting and delivering to industries to be all manufacturing industries 
like automobile, general engineering, valves, pumps and all.  
 
In this journey of the last two decades, Jyoti has served more than 12,000 plus customers and 
we have more than 30,000 plus the machine has been installed in this journey. And in that, let's 
say we realized that we needed some technology back on that. So, we acquired a Company in 
2007 called as “Huron Graffenstaden”. Back-to-back, we made our own R&D center called as 
Leonardo Da Vinci Center in 2008.  
 
2008 to 2016, we were manufacturing and developing many new products into aerospace and 
defense and serving to our government. So, the government also recognized Jyoti to be a very 
well-required strategic partner for them and they have awarded and given us a special project to 
manufacture the 5-Axis multitasking machines. And that, we have made it with the IIT Chennai 
together.  
 
2017 to 2019 is an era of coming to be more and more digitized like that. And Jyoti has developed 
our own platform on Industry 4.0 called 7th SENSE and many of that kind of product is made 
to make effective automation like that.  
 
2022, we realized that EV is coming a big way and we have to be future ready. So, Jyoti has 
designed and developed many products to fit for the EV. And in the last year, let's say, 2023-24, 
let's say, completely a turnaround business year for us and we got the consolidated order book 
of more than 3,300 crores over there.  
 
Let's say, our key highlights are like that. We are into a third position into Indian manufacturing 
industries over here. And across the manufacturing sector, let's say, I will give you a few 
background that we are making the key category of the product. One we call an entry-level 
product. Second, we call it as a mid-level product. And third is large, we say as a high-level 
machine.  
 
The entry-level product is covered with, let's say, the value of 0 to 50 lakh, and 50 lakhs to 2 
crores we consider to be mid-level product and then 52 crores above that we call as a high-end 
machine like that. And Jyoti used to be in a complete value chain in all the three categories of 
the product there. And all these machines basically is required to be a very high precision and 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
technology called as a “5-Axis”. This is the most significant milestone as required and Jyoti has 
achieved and we are into the complete value chain on that.  
 
In terms of, let's say, the customers we are serving in aerospace and defense, the world, the 
largest players in Europe in terms of our aerospace customers are like that. In India also, we have 
ISRO, the Brahmos, the MBDA and the Tata and all that, Tata Sikorsky those kind of customers 
are like that. In terms of automobile and auto ancillary like the Bharat Forge, the Bosch and that 
kind of a customer base are like that. We have a very diversified customers are like that.  
 
I would like to tell you something more about the new industries we are catering more and more 
in the last two years. Let's say, Jyoti has taken initiatives and way back way forward to see that 
EMS industries are coming a big way. So, we have developed a very specific product called as 
a Tachyon to sell to these EMS industries and in 2015 to 2021 we have developed this product 
and that industry has come two years back and now today we entered to and we have close to 
8% order into this one significant model.  
 
I would like to tell you a little bit more about our acquisition. The Huron what Company we 
have acquired, Company basically is in France. It's in border of France and Germany (inaudible 
00:07:47). This Company has existed since 1827. They made the first milling machines in 1857. 
They made a first 5-Axis machine in 1905 and they are catering into all aerospace and defense 
industries very well to be there basically.  
 
So, now with this, we have many global footprints are like that mainly in manufacturing, high-
end manufacturing area in Europe. In India, India is growing very well in last couple of years 
and this next five to seven years based on this, our manufacturing sectors are growing. We are 
looking to be a close to 20% CAGR level. All indicators are coming to reach out to a 20% growth 
level can be achieved in India over here and with that, let's say, even I would like to tell you 
something about our manufacturing capabilities and the facilities over here.  
 
In Rajkot, we have the plant in two sites are like that and we have a total manufacturing capacity 
up to the last year and this year up to 4,400 machines per year. With this some of the de-
bottlenecking we are able to reach out to be 5,000 this year and 6,000 next year and this is we 
have a Phase 1.  
 
With this Phase 1 we are able to generate a close to 2,500 crores plus revenues to be there and 
then we have close to 3x more, let's say, we can do a same four kind of phases to be on a same 
place and we have enough space are available into that area to be there So, that's our capacity.  
 
And then manufacturing, we have completely a vertically integrated manufacturing facility. We 
have our own foundry. We have our machining facilities. We have our own sheet metal shop, 
robotic, welding and paint shop, and all of our sub-assemblies and assemblies to be fully air-
conditioned areas to be there to control the temperatures and to give a precision to be there.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Our Company is, let's say, we have a fully dedicated R&D center. We already discussed that 
topic. There are more than 140 engineers working and developing and designing a new product 
every day. All these 7th SENSE and TPM friendly products has come out from this area. And 
over a period in the last 20 years, we have developed more than 200 plus product areas for the 
different manufacturing processes like that.  
 
We have a direct sales and marketing in India. We have close to 29 sales and service centers 
across the country and more than 300 people are working into this geographical area to be there. 
In terms of my team, apart from my three brothers, all the key managerial people, all my CFO, 
design chief, operation head, marketing head, and everybody are working with me since more 
than 20 years over here. They are very highly skilled manpower over here. More than 2,300 
people are working and out of that, around 67% of the people are skilled manpower like that.  
 
In this journey, we recognize the very recognition awards from The Economic Times and many 
awards like that to be continued to be people have awarded and to that.  
 
Now, I don't want to, let's say, spend the time on that. I will give you the performance of this 
year. Let's say, the last quarter analysis, the third quarter, our revenue from the operations 
quarter-on-quarter has been improved by 58% from 238 crores is went up to 377 crores. In this 
time, even my EBITDA level and margin also has improved from 1.1% to be close to 25% and 
our PAT level has also improved. Let's say, we have losses on the last year and we have reached 
to a 48 crores of a PAT level in this last quarter over here.  
 
In terms of this revenue has come from all, let's say, highest revenue we have received from the 
aerospace and defense. The change is close to 43% has come from aerospace and defense. 20% 
has come from the auto and auto components. 18% has come from general engineering and 2% 
has come from the Dies & Moulds. This is a new entry for a 13% revenue has come from the 
EMS. This is the first entry to be there, and we are looking to the robust growth are coming from 
her basically and last 4% is from others. And out of these total revenue generations, we have 
close to 58% in India and close to 42% we are able to exports to be there.  
 
Even in this last quarter also, our order book journey is also to be very robust is going on. Let's 
say, we have the PAT is out of this order close to 350 crores of the machines and still we have 
accumulated another 275 plus crores order books are like that. So, closing order book is close to 
3,250 crores roughly to be there and out of that with the 55% this order book are from the 
aerospace and defense and 14% are from the engineering and 12% basically is from the EMS 
business to be there.  
 
I would like to tell you in terms of more revenue numbers, let's say, it's a nine-month number. If 
you look at that, the last time the nine numbers have also grown substantially well. In terms of 
margins and EBITDA has also reached from 5.5% to 18.8% accumulators are like that and PAT 
level we have reached to 51 crores are like that.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
In terms of our, let's say, this IPO proceeds, after the IPO, almost 475 crores we have repaid all 
our debt over there and now our debt-to-equity ratio is 0.3%. It's also in the near future we are 
looking to be, let's say, next two to three years to be a completely debt free Company to be there.  
 
I would like to give you some of the business updates. Let's say, the number one I would like to 
tell you about the EMS segment. The last quarter we have done the revenues from close to 12.5% 
into 48 crores is the EMS is just the first entry for this industry over here and we are looking for 
the more to be execution will come in the next quarters and this revenues are going to be 
increased more and more to be there. 
 
Even I would like to tell you one. Two more customers are added in this Industry. Two more 
contract manufacturers come to India, and we are working very closely. We are submitting some 
of the samples to them in the next quarter to be there basically. 
 
And in aerospace and defense, we are looking to be still more and more robust. Already our 
order books are very large on to aerospace and defense and similar we are looking to be close to 
1,500 crores for the fights are there. That we are seeing in the next couple of quarters will be 
fully visible and more and more enquiries we are seeing into defense industries, particularly in 
India and many projects are coming to India and there is all our existing customers are there. 
Even the air force engine manufacturing companies are moving into India. Those are all our 
existing customers who are like that.  
 
In other areas, like the continuing demand we are seeing into railway, infrastructure, general 
engineering, automobiles, and mainly in Dies & Moulds sectors. Until today, people are more 
and more dependent on the Dies & Moulds sectors from the outside of the country. And it's 
moving over here. So, we are looking furthermore into Indian business on other sectors also to 
be there.  
 
I would like to tell you something about the capacity addition. Let's say, in Rajkot, we have that 
already I told you, we are de-bottlenecking that. And the EMS industry is really grooming up 
there. So, we are making the phase to plan out and we will complete phase to plan out in the next 
one quarter. I think in our meeting, I will tell you more about our next plan to that.  
 
And for the larger machines, the order of what we have received in aerospace and defense, so 
we are putting close to 40 crores in our France factory to develop and manufacture more larger 
machines to be manufactured on that.  
 
I think I have still covered all the parameters. There are any points that have been left, I think 
everything has been covered. We will go through the question-and-answer session now.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Aditya Bhartia from Investec. Please go ahead.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Aditya Bhartia: 
My first question is on the EMS business. Our order book has risen in this particular segment. 
So, is it on account of getting some of the additional orders that we were anticipating from 
Apple? Or is it from some other customers that you were referring to?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, basically, Aditya, we are not able to give you the customer names because it's a very tight 
contracts are like that. But these are mobile manufacturers, and their contract manufacturing has 
been started over here. So, already we have gotten some orders from them. And many more, two 
more contract manufacturers came over here. So, that's I have just discussed over there basically. 
So, today we have close to 260 crores worth of orders and this year we are anticipating close to 
another 500 plus crores orders to be on aerospace and that area, in particular EMS areas, to be 
there.  
Aditya Bhartia: 
And if you look at the execution on aerospace and defense side, bulk of the execution that we 
have seen in this particular quarter appears to have been done from the standalone entity. Huron's 
revenues at least optically appear to be at a slightly lower limit. So, is it just the timing issue that 
the work has been done in India and now the machines get transferred to France where in the 
remaining part of the work will get done? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes, you are absolutely right. We will see the next quarter; we will see the much more output 
are from the Huron site from the aerospace and defense areas to be there.  
Aditya Bhartia: 
Perfect. And the last question, sir. These are some really large and key orders that we had 
managed to get on the aerospace and defense side. How are you seeing the outlook for this 
particular segment? Both if you could spell it out for domestic markets as well as for international 
markets?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, Aditya, basically we are looking, let's say, we will talk first to the domestic market also. So, 
domestic market also the government has given a lot of budget to all our ordnance factories and 
these all companies are already now into a market. We already filed a lot of tenders. The 
pipelines are very large and we are expecting in very near future to be some good numbers. Even 
in a domestic side, there are private players like many companies have awarded these few orders. 
We are waiting for the Bharat Forge also. We will get some few more orders. Even the Tata also 
is into pipeline that. And these are our customers, and we are working very closely with these 
kind of customers in domestic side like that.  
 
In international, what the orders we are having that, particularly on engine manufacturing side 
to be there and the missile manufacturing side to be there. There we are expecting to be repeat 
orders to be on a same customer base to be there basically. Only challenges are that today to get 
this order quickly because that customers are reaching us to deliver faster and to increase our 
deliveries to be more and more then basically.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, my question was regarding order inflows. So, where do you see the order inflows coming 
from in the remaining 3 months? And do we have any kind of outlook for the next year? Have 
we received any subsequent orders from the EMS segment as well? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes, so let's say, I will clear one by one. So, EMS sectors are already in our existing customers. 
They are just testing our more execution capabilities. There is a large pipes are with them. And 
the first supply we have started in December. The second supply we have done in January. And 
based on that, let's say, the triggers, they see our quality installations and everything. And based 
on that, we are expecting furthermore orders in the next quarters to be there. And there is a large 
pipe like that. What already I have discussed that more than 500 crores orders are already in pipe 
and about to close this based on the schedule capabilities to be there. That is on EMS side.  
 
In general engineering and the Dies Moulds sector also is grooming up today. And we are seeing 
this quarter also to be good numbers are visible to be in a domestic side like that. In aerospace 
and defense, there are many tenders floated in India. We are already in a race with them in 
pipelines. So, in India, we are expecting the large order in this quarter. And in international level 
also, in the past question also, I told that on the same existing customers, we are about to receive 
some orders to be there.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, what will you guide for FY '25 in terms of revenue growth and the subsequent EBITDA 
margin expansion if you could?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, basically, if you look at that, our order book is close to 3,200 crores plus, and that we have 
to deliver in the next 18 months to be there. Those are all that we have committed to be there. 
So, based on that, we are improving our execution capabilities. And once this, all these mix of 
orders are going to be delivered, our margin also is going to be a little bit better than what we 
are today. Even the operational leverage will come also to be there. So, the margin will, we are 
seeing on a better side to be there.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir, the final question is on Huron. So, despite increased execution, we haven't seen the 
profitability kick in from Huron yet. So, when should we expect the profitability of Huron?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, if you look at that, even the last nine months, the Huron level there, we are a net positive 
EBITDA level has been reached out there. So, this year itself, we are expecting this to be 
completely turnaround to be there and we will see the profitability in this coming quarter.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
For the full year as well? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes, full year as well.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sir, largely wanted to know, you have mentioned in the presentation that we are working on new 
product development to get a new line of business within the EMS space. So, just wanted to 
understand if you can throw some more light. And you also mentioned that products are at 
various stages of approval. So, I mean, what are these new products? Are they other than mobile 
phones or is there some clarity around that? That will be helpful. 
 
My second question was on the order book. I know what is the visibility that we are having 
beyond the existing order book, which is there. The existing order book is 3,200 crores. You 
mentioned that in EMS, there is 500 crores, around this and you are expecting some large order. 
If you can provide some more clarity, I mean, is this international, domestic or some more color 
as to what individual segments there will be, you will get visibility in the order book? That will 
be helpful.  
 
And my third question was just on the gross margin. I just wanted to understand how are the 
gross margins different in aerospace versus EMS versus general engineering? So, that may be 
helpful, sir.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, let's start with your third question first, okay? I mean, remember very well, very nicely there. 
So, in terms of a gross margin, we have three categories to be there. So, that's why I told you 
that we have a three category of product. Number one, we have an entry-level product. In an 
entry-level product, our gross margin, let's say, my material consumption are there at 60% to 
65% in between. In terms of a mid-range product, that's up to 2 crores. There our margin is close 
to, let's say, the material consumption is 55% to 60%. In aerospace and defense, and let's say the 
machines are more than 2 crores and up to 10 crores plus, there my gross margin and the material 
consumption are 45% are like that. So, this is the margin segmentations we have divided into 
three areas like that. 
 
And in terms of, this is my first question, your answer of the first question. Second is to be an 
order pipeline, what we are looking. So, today, we are in terms of a discussion in pipeline in 
aerospace and defense. It's close to 1,500 crores are worth of the orders are in above to close 
now there, for the more orders like that. And that is all are in exports. Other exports seem to be 
similar here in the Indian domestic industry. So, there our pipelines are larger in aerospace and 
defense. You can understand that. That is my second answer for one of the questions to be there.  
 
The third question, what you asked? What I understood is that you are asking me for the new 
development in the product, new development side. So, let's say this new product what we are 
developing and supporting and supplying to them is not just mobile. There are many other 
accessories to be manufactured like watch and to be a tablet. So, these all three products can be 
manufactured on the machine. So, there are three categories of the product we have designed 
and developed, and we are now supplying to them. So, these are the detailed answer for you or 
this new development of the front there. Hope I have completely answered your all three 
questions. If you have anything not clear, please tell me so I can give you the more lights on 
that.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Kumar from Kitara Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Apurva Kumar: 
I had a couple of questions. A, on the capacity utilization. So, in terms of number of machines, 
how much did we deliver during the quarter? And how are we placed in terms of utilization next 
year?  
 
And secondly, in terms of our inventory days, I think you had alluded earlier that there will be 
some improvement going forward. So, just wanted to understand if that process is ongoing and 
should we see a reduction in number of inventories, inventory days going ahead?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes, Apurva, very nicely. That's what the question, let's say, what we have earlier discussed. 
Absolutely, we are on track this year in terms of this 300 days are really going to see in the end 
of the year is to 210 to 220 days to be there. We are very much visible in terms of nine months 
also to be there. So, what we have discussed is on the way to be there.  
 
And in terms of a number of machines and this year we are going to close to a utilization level 
end of this year is close to 80% to be there. And we are de-bottlenecking some of our facilities 
over here and expanding our facility to reach out to be 6,000 machine on a next year to be there. 
So, next year we are looking to be close to 5,500 machines to be produced to be there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir, firstly, I just want a clarification on the previous participant. You mentioned something 
about 1,500 crore kind of order is in the pipeline. Is that was your comment?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes.  
Hiten Boricha: 
Also, if you can give the breakup of that order book, sir, that will be actually to EMS and 
aerospace? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Out of this next pipeline of 1500?  
Hiten Boricha: 
Yes.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
I told that 1,500 is standalone on aerospace and defense only there.  
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir, my question is on the EMS side. As you mentioned, the EMS side is looking very strong 
and we are getting the orders in this segment. So, just wanted to understand about the market 
size and the demand of this particular industry. If you can throw some color, what would be the 
market size of EMS in terms of number of machines or maybe value and what kind of growth 
we are looking forward in next three to five years?  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Oh, it's a very sensitive question, but let's try to answer this basically. Let's say this, in EMS 
sector is completely a new industry in India there, and particularly in a CNC machine being used 
to manufacture the cases of the mobile and then to be a watches and to be a many other 
applications to be there. So, based on our calculations and get the input from the customers, let's 
say, today, so they are looking to be in the next five to seven years in this entry is required close 
to a 1 lakh CNC machine on this. So, this is the size of the scopes are available for us in the 
sector over here. Even if you look at that in past, this industry has consumed more than 3 lakhs 
CNC machines in China. And out of that, 95% machines has came from Japan. And first time 
we are able to crack into this industry and we got this order. So, that's the great opportunities are 
available for here.  
 
And second, what is we are looking? Let's say, today, we have close to 260 crores is in our pipe. 
Let's say, these are not in pipe, is in our order. This is a sample order. So, there is a large 
opportunities we are looking into this industry basically. Hope it is clear to you. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Yes, very clear. So, just to follow up on this, you mentioned around 1 lakh machines will be 
required in next five to seven years. So, just wanted to understand what would be the current 
number of machines we have, we are producing in India?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, let's say, this industry has consumed in the last two years, so we are just entering that. Until 
today this kind of machines have really been imported from the Japan and close to in one year 
last in one year it's more than 5,000 machine has been imported to be there. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir, I have only one more bookkeeping question. Like, we have seen the reduction in the debt of 
around 450, 470 odd crores. What would be our interest cost from like next year itself? And the 
other question is on the CapEx. So, you mentioned we are going to increase the capacities from 
current 4,000 machines to around 6,000 machines in the next 1.5 to 2 years. So, what is the total 
CapEx we are spending? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, I said there is a debottlenecking we are doing. So, there is not large much CapEx to be there 
basically. Because our plant is such a way is incorporated there, based on the bottleneck we will 
see, we will remove the bottleneck. It is not a large number required to be on the CapEx side to 
be there.  
 
And in terms of your second question in interest savings, let's say, in coming days, we are 
looking to be around 55 to 60 crores in the full year we are able to save the cost to be there.  
Hiten Boricha: 
55 to 60 crores of interest savings from next year.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my first question is, could you explain in terms of the market structure of the country as to 
what proportion of consumption of the CNC machines do we manufacture in India as a country 
and how much are the imports which are still happening? And what was this number, let's say, 
5 to 6 years ago? And how do you see this trajectory panning out in the next 4 to 5 years?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Good, Harshit. Let's say that India has consumed the last year is close to $3 billion worth of 
CNC machine over here in country. And out of that, 65% has been imported there. And largely 
it's come from the Japan and Germany. These are the two countries that are dominating player 
over here. And based on this, our manufacturing growth India in the next 5 to 7 years, we are 
expecting to grow machine to consumption 20% plus CAGR level to be there. And there is a 
great opportunity on import substitution over there. And that's why Jyoti has developed many a 
product basket. Today, the EMS is one of the sector what we are discussing. It's completely we 
are, let's say, import substitute only to be there. Hope I think I have given you a complete answer 
of the size of the market there. So, we are expecting growth of 20% CAGR level from $3 billion 
to be next five to seven years to be there.  
Harshit Patel: 
Fair enough, sir. So, this import substitution that we are expecting to happen in the next few 
years, so will this happen in the bottom or the middle tier of the category? Or this will happen 
in the upper part of the market, which is the premium category as you explained in your opening 
remarks?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, mostly right now if you look at that the last year, the $3 billion of a consumption, so that 
also is divided into two areas/ Let's say, 85 % of the machines are called as a metal cutting 
machines. 15 % are into metal forming. And we are addressing is a full market of a metal cutting 
there. Out of that, close to this all, let's say, the entry-level product as the Indian manufacturers 
are catering nicely up to 80% to 85 % market share like that and all the premium product, let's 
say, it's almost 90% machines are coming imports. So, we are looking to catch this business from 
the high and premium market to be there basically, because that's the large chunks are coming 
from the Japan and Germany to be there. It's a high value addition that products are coming from 
the country and we would like to capture these areas to be there.  
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, on the similar lines, where exactly is the competition? So, are they also trying to develop 
these high-end machines, and do you think that will they also be able to participate in this import 
substitution theme meaningfully? Or do you think that we will be the ones who will lead this 
shift? So, in other words, are the competition also ready with this kind of higher end machines 
or their offerings are still mainly in the middle tier or the lower tier of the market?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, today, largely in competitions are into Indian manufacturers are focused into a, let's say, 
entry level product. In a base level machine, the value is less than 50 crores. Jyoti has only 
ourselves has been prepared in last 15 years and we have invested largely into this Eurozone and 
to acquire this Company to gain the knowledge and manufacture capabilities to be developed 
there. It's not a one-day job. So, we have spent almost 15 years. So, anybody’s coming to here, 
they have to similar time to be spent to reach out to this high end machine level there. And near 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
term, we are not seeing any other manufacturers are being ready to own high end machines to 
be there basically. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jatin Jadhav from Sahasrar Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Jatin Jadhav: 
So, my question was on the basis of market dynamics, as you correctly mentioned about the 
potential demand and the size of the market. I did a little bit of study and I understood that there 
is a slight hitch towards shifting towards domestic players who manufacture high-end machines. 
So, there is a slight bias towards, as you mentioned, Japanese and German machines. So, I want 
to understand how we will tackle this problem? Like, how will we get the EMS, big EMS players 
to shift from the Japanese and German competition towards us? That was my first question.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, thank you for that. see, it's very tough to convince to the customers in India to buy from 
Japanese to Indian made product. Luckily, we got an excellent opportunity on EMS segment that 
our customers have given us an opportunity and that took two years to test the machines. Not in 
a small time. Let's say two years back, they have come to our facilities and checked our quality 
parameters and everything. Then we have submitted the machines and then they have run for six 
months and then they found a good result. They found it's a very positive result. It was a surprise 
to be, so they have made another tough testing methods and everything. We took two years 
continuous testing under the only one customer there and then only we are able to crack against 
the Japanese to be there. Definitely, same we will replace to, let's say, repeat to another 
customers also to be there and try to enter down to basically there. Yes, it's not an easy job to be 
there. After many years, we are working over here. We are seeing the first time this kind of 
entries are happening to be there.  
Jatin Jadhav: 
Makes sense. So, it will be safe to assume that once Jyoti's machines, all high-end machines are 
approved, they will be very sticky in nature because this is also one feedback I got, that generally 
players don't shift from one type of brand to another. Is that correct?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes, once you enter there, you have a long journey to be there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kamlesh Jain from Lotus Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead.  
Kamlesh Jain: 
Sir, just one question on the extension of the part earlier question. So, how competitive we are 
in comparison to, like, say, the importers' machines on the cost front? And secondly, like, say, 
on the product development, like 7-Axis machines, so are we moving on those machines as well 
for the product development? So, these two questions from my side.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, let's say, in terms of this competitiveness, we are close to 20% to 25% competitive than the 
Japanese product. Same one to, apple-to-apple the products are like that. So, that's our 
competitiveness and people are not, let's say, sacrificing anything in terms of quality and speed, 

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
the parameter. So, one-to-one product and let's say, slightly better product we are able to deliver 
them is close to 20% to 25% competitive product in India to Japanese versus Japanese. So, that 
was your first question. Now, what is your second question?  
Kamlesh Jain: 
On the product development, like moving to higher axis machines.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes, on a higher machine. So, I like to tell you that this, Huron is our subsidiary Company. This 
Company is having this 5-Axis technology has been developed somewhere in 1905. So, 5-Axis 
simultaneously is the highest form of technology. Then 6 and 7, 7, 8, 9, any multiple axes is no 
more a calculation like that. So, technology is stand up to 5-Axis simultaneously. Machine can 
be a 20-Axis, 32-Axis, not meaning all that. The important parameter is up to 5-Axis and Jyoti 
and Huron together are holding this nice technology since long now and we also learn from the 
Huron are able to manufacture.  
 
I would like to tell you one classic example over here. Let's say, IIIT Chennai and Jyoti together 
and government has awarded one, let's say, one development project with the IIIT Chennai in 
2016, what I already discussed quickly on this presentation. And the government has funded us 
more than 80% of this development of this product and it has been used to manufacture the 
landing gear of the aircraft there. The machine is simultaneously 5-Axis, but auxiliary axis was 
close to 16%, and we are fully prepared today to be compete to the world-class manufacturer on 
a top 5 companies on the world to be there.  
Kamlesh Jain: 
Secondly, I know the market potential, but what particular market share we are looking at? Given 
the opportunities we have in India, like the $3 billion market growing at 20% CAGR over the 
next 5, 7 years, so are we looking to grow higher than what the market is going to be or in parity 
with the market?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, let's say, definitely, if we are at stage of only the market grow and we grow, then there is not 
a fund to be there. Definitely, we are looking to be, our market share to be improved there. So, 
our strategies are like that. In auto, auto component, general engineering, we want to maintain 
the market share as market grows there. And we would like to increase our market share into 
import substitution to be there. And mainly into aerospace and defense and high precision 
manufacturing area, we would like to increase our market share to be there. And to be import 
substitute to be there basically.  
Kamlesh Jain: 
So, that would largely happen in aerospace and defense?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Aerospace, defense and this EMS also is completely imported areas to be there. These are the 
right now two verticals we have identified. That are our growth engines. The base growth we 
are going to, let's say 20% growth will come from auto, auto component and general engineering 
areas to be there. And the next growth, we are looking from these two verticals. One is to be 
aerospace defense and second is EMS to be there.  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Kamlesh Jain: 
But sir, how do we see the exports market? Because for us, exports is upwards of around 40%, 
42%. So, there are largely, how do you see that? Because the expectations are that that particular 
market is not growing much.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Sorry, please complete.  
Kamlesh Jain: 
That exports market is not growing at that pace. So, how do you see that particular segment? 
Because that is bulky for us. Upwards of 40 odd percent. 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, basically, exports market, we are looking to be much better. If you look at that, up to last 
year, we were exporting only 15% there. Based on this, our order book, we are growing up to 
40%. And our strategies is like to be 40-60. 40% we would like to be exports and 60% to be 
here. And in 40% also, we are looking to be very high engineering areas.  
 
And largely, I would like to tell you that, let's say India is close to $3 billion consumption. While 
the whole world is, let's say, completely, I will tell you to be $80 billion consumption of these 
industries. Out of that close to 30% business are into Central Europe. Let's say, compared to 
India to Italy, India has consumed last year to be $3 billion, and Italy has consumed close to $5.5 
billion.  
 
That's why our focus into Central Europe zone and mainly from our subsidiary Company to be 
there and there all our high-value engineering machines are like that and we have now made our 
competitiveness to be there. The Huron and the French and European quality with the Indian 
manufacturing cost, now we have a good synergies are coming over here. So, we are looking the 
large value addition are going to come from the Central Europe part, France, Germany, Italy and 
the surrounding area and participating into aerospace and devices is going to be there, and there 
we are looking to be sizable growth to be there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
This Huron, at the peak capacity, what could be the potential of revenue or in terms of machine 
if you can say? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, the base on the machine model mixes today and in the order book every machines are very 
large machines and all like that. Average machine volume is close to 2 million or 2.2 million is 
close to 20,000 plus are there. And we are expecting to be that the capacities and the potential 
are next year we are looking to be close to, let's say, €60 million in terms of that in a Huron site.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
That will be amounting to how much, what capacity utilization?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, that will be reaching to be close to 90% capacity utilization to be there.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
And so, obviously, you need to plan for thereafter right?  

 
Jyoti CNC Automation Limited 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Yes.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
And what's the thought on that? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, that's already I have given you in my presentation there. We are investing in an assembly 
line to be there close to 40 crores in the next year there.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
And that will increase capacity to?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
To capacity to be close to €75 million to €80 million.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
And that should be active somewhere around June '25, right?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
The end of the, let's say, we are looking to be a first quarter of '25.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
And can you share something on the profitability, how it was for Huron? Because at present you 
are just moving from the low level and the utilization is likely to be 90. So, at optimal capacity 
of 90, what could be the margins?  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
So, we are looking to be a margin what you are seeing the improvements are like that, we are 
looking to be 20% plus level EBITDA margin to be at Huron level there.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, for here as a whole, we could be somewhere at least 13% for Huron? 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Will be little bit better than that. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
I look forward to seeing the factory soon, if possible. 
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Most welcome. Anytime.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Parakram C. Jadeja for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Parakram C. Jadeja: 
Thank you, friends. The way you people have been put up a trust on us will do all my team will 
committed to deliver from here to a many different level and going forward we will like to make 
this our country to be a stronger country to be here in terms of manufacturing. Thank you very 
much to be here.  
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Equirus Securities, 
that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
