Jio Financial Services Limited (formerly known as Reliance Strategic Investments Limited) 
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, Building 4NA, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone: +91-22-3555 4094. Website: www.jfs.in. Email: investor.relations@jfs.in 
CIN: L65990MH1999PLC120918 
 
January 17, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543940 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: JIOFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Presentation on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the presentation made on January 15, 
2024, on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for 
the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023, is attached. The presentation 
concluded at 7.23 p.m. (IST) on January 15, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
V Mohana 
Group Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
V 
MOHANA
Digitally signed 
by V MOHANA 
Date: 2024.01.17 
18:52:17 +05'30'

 
 
Jio Financial Services Limited Q3 2023 – 2024 
Analyst Call Transcript 
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, MD & CEO – Jio Financial Services Limited  
Mr. Charanjit Attra, Group Chief Operating Officer - Jio Financial Services Limited 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, Head, Investor Relations – Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
Transcript: 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, 4:27 
Good evening, everyone.  My name is Jill Deviprasad and I'm the head of Investor 
Relations for Jio Financial Services Limited. On the declaration of the results for 
9-Months-ended December 31, 2023 of the Company, it gives me immense 
pleasure to welcome the analysts, investors, and our colleagues to this virtual 
meeting.  We have with us today, our MD & CEO Mr Hitesh Sethia and our Group 
Chief Operating Officer Mr Charanjit Attra. This call will be recorded, and the 
recording will be made public. In this call, all participants will be in a listen only 
mode. The earnings presentation is uploaded on our website www.jfs.in and on 
the stock exchanges.  
 
Before I hand over the call, I would like to read out the safe harbour statement. 
Certain statements are forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on 
management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes 
in circumstances. Actual outcomes may differ materially from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors.  
 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Hitesh for his opening remarks.  
 
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, 5:46 
Thank you, Jill. Good evening everyone, and a very Happy New Year. It is my 
pleasure to join you today for the 2nd investor call of Jio Financial Services 
Limited.  The prospects of our economy continue to remain bright with all macro 
indicators pointing to a continued robust growth which in turn provides 

 
 
opportunities for JFS. As is widely known, the key underpinnings of the growth 
are favourable demography, rising affluence, increased savings and investments 
and rising entrepreneurship spirit in India. Digital India will continue to play a vital 
role as the growth unfolds over the coming years. While the opportunity spectrum 
continues to remain attractive, we also remain observant about the recent market 
developments, especially in the unsecured consumer loan segment.  As a 
consequence of some of the early warning signals, the reserve bank of India has 
increased risk weights for lending to NBFCs and certain lending categories by the 
NBFCs.  
 
In the quarter ended December 31, 2023, we have successfully completed the 
sandbox for our consumer durable loans and personal loans. The entire loan 
process is digital, with robust systems in place for underwriting and customer 
journeys, to ensure both adequate guardrails and at the same time, seamless 
experience is provided to our customers. Given the current environmental factors 
on these products, we are now tightening the credit frameworks to ensure that 
the foundation blocks on risk and underwriting for JFS remain strong. In the near-
term, now our focus is predominantly on secured avenues of lending and leasing. 
 
As a part of our accelerated journey on secured lending roadmap, we have 
devised an operating lease model which aims to provide what we have called 
Device-as-a-service for consumer devices across the country which will help us 
create new markets. In this model, JFS will provide equipment such as digital 
airfiber, phones, laptops and various other equipment, on lease to end 
consumers. In addition to providing a unique launch pad to acquire customers in 
a risk-calibrated manner, the payment track record of these lease rentals over a 
period of time adds a rich layer of intelligence to cross sell further financial 
products and services. The operating lease business that I have just described 
will be launched through a separate wholly-owned leasing subsidiary of JFS.   
 
In this quarter, we have also been working towards a Supply chain financing 
solution.  A supply chain financing solution provides an opportunity to create 
short-term self-liquidating exposure, which is closely linked with underlying trade 
and commerce. This product will be launched in the coming quarters. The planned 
approach here is to first leverage the rich ecosystem of JFS as an opportunity.  
 
With the growing depth and breadth of retail capital markets in India and the rapid 
advancements that are being made in the public digital infrastructure in the recent 
years, we see an opportunity in lending against shares and mutual funds. We 

 
 
believe that our superior technological capabilities and customer experience will 
be differentiators for us to win in these markets.  
 
Moving forward, on other businesses, we continue to expand the partnership suite 
for our insurance broking entity and have increased the number of insurance 
company tie-ups to 27 insurance companies as of December 31, 2023.  
 
We continue to offer a full range of products and solutions across life, non-life 
and health insurance products for our customers. On the payments bank, we have 
completely revamped our digital savings account and launched virtual debit 
cards.  Our payment solutions company has successfully completed a pilot of the 
Jio Voice Box for merchants and the feedback has been positive. Simultaneously, 
a merchant app has also been launched along with the Jio Voice Box. This is our 
first step towards digitizing the merchant collections which, in turn, will help us 
capture valuable data to harness cross sell opportunities.  Further, we have 
enabled Jio Bharat phones with UPI 123.  
 
Now, I would like to give you a short update on governance and other foundational 
aspects. The Board of Directors of JFS has now been reconstituted and necessary 
regulatory approvals are in place for the holding company. I am also happy to note 
that, as a foundational step, we have embedded the principles of ESG as a part of 
our business process. A board level committee has been set up to provide 
necessary oversight and guidance. We also continue to build on our technology 
and management capabilities across various businesses.  On the regulatory front, 
in line with the terms of our scheme of arrangement for demerger from Reliance 
Industries Limited, we have filed our application with the Reserve Bank of India 
for conversion of Jio Financial Services from an NBFC to a Core investment 
company. In this quarter, we have also filed our application with the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for an in-principle approval for our Joint 
Venture with Blackrock on the Asset Management business. From a structural 
point of view, including the Asset management business and the leasing 
company, we will now have 6 customer facing entities.  
 
In conclusion, I would like to say that we continue to build on our ambition to 
democratize financial services across the spectrum by offering simple, affordable, 
innovative and intuitive products. Our core principles of building the business 
remain the same, that is, reputation above all, regulatory adherence in letter and 
spirit, return of capital and return on capital. We will continue to build on the 
strength of our brand, capital and the team that we are putting together.  
 

 
 
Last but not the least, we will also continue to derive benefit from the fact that we 
do not have any technology debt and hence are putting together a modern fit-for-
purpose contemporary technology stack. We remain committed to rewarding your 
trust in us with superior sustainable returns over the long term.  
 
Now, I would request my colleague Mr. Charanjit Attra, Chief Operating Officer, 
to take you through the detailed financial statements. Charanjit Over to you.  
 
Mr. Charanjit Attra, 12:50 
Thank you, Hitesh and good evening, everyone. I am pleased to present to you 
the financial highlights for the Nine-months-ended December 31st, 2023. The 
Financial results for the Nine-Months-ended December 31st, 2023, are prepared 
under the Indian Accounting Standards as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate 
affairs. 
 
Jio Financial Services Limited has submitted an application for conversion of the 
Company from a systematically important non-deposit taking Non-Banking 
Financial Company registered with the Reserve Bank of India to a Core Investment 
Company. This application is in accordance with the approval given by the 
Reserve Bank of India for the change in the shareholding pattern and control of 
the Company pursuant to the demerger. The Company is a holding company and 
operates its financial services business through its consumer facing subsidiaries 
which are:  
 
Jio Finance Limited (formerly known as Reliance Retail Finance Limited), a 
registered NBFC and is engaged in the business of lending and making investment 
in shares and securities in India.  
 
Jio Insurance Broking Limited (formerly known as Reliance Retail Insurance 
Broking Limited), engaged in the business of insurance broking in India. 
 
Jio Payment Solutions Limited (formerly known as Reliance Payment Solutions 
Limited), engaged in the business of payment gateways and payment aggregator 
business including merchant payments. 
 
In addition to the above, the consolidated financial statements also include the 
results of Reliance Industrial Investments and Holdings Limited, Jio Infrastructure 

 
 
Management Services Limited and Jio Information Aggregator Services Limited 
which are subsidiaries and Reliance Strategic Holdings Limited which has been 
accounted for as an associate in accordance with the Indian Accounting 
Standards 
 
On December 31st, 2023 Reliance Industrial Investments and Holdings Limited 
holds: 
 
24.09 crore equity shares of RIL representing 3.56% of the paid-up share capital 
of RIL; and is the sole beneficiary of 17.19 crore equity shares representing 2.54% 
of the paid-up share capital of RIL held by Reliance Strategic Holdings Limited.   
 
We also have a Joint venture namely Jio Payments Bank Limited engaged in the 
business of providing financial services including payment banking facilities and 
retail banking facilities in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve 
Bank of India.  
 
The Consolidated Profit After Tax for the nine-months-ended, December 31st, 
2023 stood at Rs 1,294 crores and for the Quarter ended December 31st 2023 
stood at Rs 294 crores. The Standalone Profit After Tax for Nine-months-ended 
December 31st, 2023 stood at Rs 305 crores and for the Quarter ended December 
31st 2023 stood at Rs 71 crores. For a new entrant like us which has no legacy 
book or legacy systems, there is a great opportunity to accelerate our secured 
lending proposition.  Accordingly, we plan to launch a leasing business and a 
supply chain financing business.  Our capability building is well on track. Key 
leadership positions have been filled and as at December 31st 2023 we are 516 
people strong. The Technology stack has now been put in place with the 
completion of the personal loans and the consumer durable loans in sandbox. 
 
Since the figures of the previous year are not comparable, I would now present 
the quarterly and year-to-date numbers. The Consolidated Pre-Provisioning 
Operating Profit was Rs. 1,212 crores for the 9-month period ended December 
31st, 2023. Similarly, the Consolidated Pre-Provisioning Operating Profit was Rs 
316 crores for 3-months ended December 31st, 2023 as compared to Rs 537 crore 
for the 3-months ended September 30th, 2023 primarily due to dividend income of 
Rs. 217 crores in Q2 2024 as compared to no dividend income in Q3 2024 and 
higher operating expenses in Q3 2024 reflecting certain one-time costs incurred 
for capability building and CSR activities. 
 

 
 
The Standalone Pre-Provisioning Operating Profit was Rs. 417 crores for 9-month 
period ended December 31st, 2023. The Standalone Pre Operating Profit was Rs 
98 crores for 3-month ended period December 31, 2023 as compared to Rs 124 
crore for the 3-month period ended September 30th, 2023 primarily due to higher 
operating expenses in Q3 2024 reflecting certain one-time costs incurred for 
capability building and CSR activities. 
 
The Consolidated interest income increased from Rs. 186 crores in Q2-2024 to 
Rs. 270 crores in Q3-2024 primarily due to increase in average interest earning 
assets.  
 
The fees and Commission income remained at similar levels Q3-2024 as 
compared to Q2-2024.  
 
The Net gain on fair value changes decreased from Rs. 164 crores in Q2-2024 to 
Rs. 103 crores in Q3-2024 primarily due to redemption of certain Money Market 
Instruments.  
 
The Staff expenses increased to Rs. 33 crores in Q3-2024 from Rs 31 crore in Q2-
2024 representing an increase in the number of employees.  
 
The increase in the other operating expenses was primarily due to one-time costs 
incurred for capability building and CSR activities. 
 
This has resulted in a Consolidated Profit after tax at Rs. 1,294 crores for the 9-
month period ended December 31st 2023. 
 
The share of JV and associates was Rs. 66 crores in Q3 2024 as compared to Rs. 
218 crores in Q2 2024, reflecting no dividend income in Q3 2024 as compared to 
Rs. 154 crores in Q2 2024. 
The Standalone profit after tax was at Rs. 71 crores in Q3 2024 from Rs. 89 crores 
in Q2 2024. 
Now, I would like to hand over the presentation back to Jill. Thank you so much.  
 
 

 
 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, 20:57 
Thank you, both, for the presentation and Thank you everyone for joining this call. 
Again, our earnings presentation is uploaded on our website www.jfs.in and the 
stock exchanges. On behalf of JFSL, this concludes the Earnings Call. You may 
now disconnect your line. 
 
