 
 
 
 
 
CSL/2023-24/403 
17th February, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CERA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 13th February, 2024 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SERI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter CSL/2023-24/389 dated 6th February, 2024, intimating you 
about the Q3 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call held on 13th February, 2024, please find 
attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same is available on the website of the company, i.e. www.cera-india.com  
 
We hope you will take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited. 
 
 
 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN 
SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1769, 
pseudonym=1330138917160425167M7u3Vjy
WA1Zui, 
2.5.4.20=6b4ec8e524e33f51a85e90684a283f
b7298733d00b4cadaec4b37a8a54114225, 
postalCode=380008, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed8837
dfa1e1c2da169e5861098ce6b05679d5c9f6e, 
cn=HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
Date: 2024.02.17 16:53:45 +05'30'

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 1 of 15 
Cera Sanitaryware Ltd. 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 13, 2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3FY24 earnings 
conference call of Cera Sanitaryware Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh from CDR 
India. Thank you and over to you Mr. Singh. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on the 
earnings conference call for Cera Sanitaryware Limited for Q3FY24 earnings 
which were announced yesterday. We have with us today the management 
team comprising Mr. Vikas Kothari - CFO and Mr. Deepak Chaudhary - General 
Manager, Finance & Audit of Cera Sanitaryware. We will start with brief 
opening remarks from the management following which we will open the call 
for Q&A. 
A quick disclaimer before we begin. Some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature and a detailed note in this 
regard is contained in the results documents that have been shared with all of 
you earlier. 
I would now like to turn the call over to the management and invite Mr. 
Deepak Chaudhary to make his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of the management team of 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited, I would like to welcome you all to our earnings 
conference call. The earnings for the quarter ended December 31, 2023, were 
adopted by the Board of Directors yesterday, 12th of February 2024. The 
earning documents have been released to the stock exchanges. 
During the quarter gone by, CERA continued to make considerable progress in 
its strategic initiatives and has strived hard to support the overall business 
momentum. This quarter's performance, however, was marked by a 
challenging market-led slowdown characterized by subdued demand across 
key markets. Overall sales, during the quarter gone by, were muted due to 
market volatility originating from reduced discretionary consumption which 
was impacted by increased inflation, hike in interest rates and challenging 
climatic conditions across the country. 
In addition to the general softness and consumer spending, there were certain 
specific local factors in some of our key markets which have impacted the 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 2 of 15 
demand for our products. For instance, in Delhi, construction was prohibited 
for an extended period of 40 to 45 days, as compared to the usual 15 to 20 
days. Additionally, in Delhi NCR, the registration of properties exceeding G+3 
were banned, impacting demand. In Kerala, the local body introduced a higher 
duty structure on the housing sector, affecting consumer sentiments and 
leading to deferred purchase decisions. Further, we understand that the 
working capital positions of retailers have increased, causing dealers to turn 
cautious in extending additional credit to retailers and sub-dealers. However, 
it's essential to note that these challenges are temporary and short term. 
Despite the current circumstances, we remain optimistic about our strong 
fundamentals and overall growth prospects. 
Q3FY24 revenues experienced a 4.2% decline compared to the corresponding 
period last year. Aligned with our strategic objectives to boost market share, 
expand our retail footprint and deliver value added product to the consumers, 
we have refrained from implementing any price adjustments since May 2022, 
maintaining a price stability for nearly 20 months now. Now, the Company has 
recently undertaken a price increase, effective from February 2024. The 
average price rise taken in the sanitaryware segment is 2%, while no price 
adjustments have been made in the case of faucetware. 
Effective cost management and improvements in operational efficiencies have 
empowered the Company to sustain margins without necessitating any major 
price increases. Given the adequate inventory levels, we moderated the 
manufacturing pace slightly during this quarter and our sanitaryware plant 
operated at capacity utilization rate of 85%. 
The operating performance remains stable, and the Company maintained its 
gross margin at 54.2% in the current quarter versus 54.5% in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. EBITDA in the current quarter 
stood at Rs. 75.41 crore as against Rs. 86.55 crore in the corresponding 
previous quarter. EBITDA margin decreased from 18.4% in Q3 of the previous 
quarter to 16.7% in the current quarter. This decline was primarily due to 
higher advertising spends largely to promote the new products introduced 
over the last three years, which will enable the Company to capitalize on the 
premiumization theme. Therefore, our advertising spend has increased from 
Rs. 17.34 crore, which constituted 3.8% of sales in the previous year 
corresponding quarter to Rs. 21.91 crore in Q3FY24. This constituted 5% of 
sales. Consequently, a 1.2% change in EBITDA can be attributed to the 
increased advertising expenditure. Additionally, increased sales promotion 
expenses impacted EBITDA by 0.7% as these expenses rose due to higher 
product schemes offered by the Company in response to challenging demand 
conditions. The subdued sales resulting in lower absorption of fixed costs 
further affected the EBITDA margins by 0.5%. 
CERA has been consistently advancing its premiumization strategy by 
introducing value added products to its portfolio. Notably, the new SKU’s 
introduced over the past three years constituted 32% of the total sales for the 
quarter. 
In alignment with our commitment to elevating the customer experience, 
CERA has initiated a comprehensive makeover of over 1,500 ‘display centers’ 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 3 of 15 
across the nation. To align with the premiumization trend, a thorough on-
ground study is being conducted to spotlight premium products in targeted 
locations, ensuring a strategic approach to meeting evolving consumer 
preferences. 
Furthermore, CERA is placing increased emphasis on involving various 
influencers, particularly architects, in our product value chain. Our earlier 
initiatives, such as the retailer loyalty and plumber loyalty programs, were 
crucial steps in fostering partnerships and aligning stakeholders to contribute 
to CERA's growth story. 
In Q2FY24, we successfully commissioned our faucetware facility expansion 
program, enhancing our monthly capacity from 3 lakh pieces to 4 lakh pieces. 
In Q3FY24, our faucetware capacity utilization reached 82% after considering 
the augmented capacity from the brownfield expansion. The completion of 
this expansion project was achieved within the scheduled timeframe and at a 
cost much lower than the budgeted estimate. Furthermore, construction of 
civil facilities to accommodate the future increase in capacity from 4 lakh to 6 
lakh units per month has been successfully completed. With this completion, 
no major capital expenditure for this faucetware brownfield expansion project 
is anticipated for the next three to five years. Our confident outlook is based 
on the robustness of our established vendor ecosystem, which positions us 
well to efficiently manage any spike in the demand. Additionally, our product 
mix strategy, which includes a variety of colored SKUs, quarter turn SKUs, PVD 
SKUs, and additional SKUs sourced from external partners, continues to enrich 
and diversify our product portfolio. 
Furthermore, in our sanitaryware division, a substantial portion of the land 
parcel was acquired in January 2024 for our greenfield expansion project. This 
new plant is expected to be operational within 18 months from the zero date, 
with an estimated cost ranging between Rs. 125 to Rs. 130 crore. These 
strategic capacity expansion initiatives in both our sanitaryware and 
faucetware emphasize our commitment to broadening our portfolio of value-
added products. These products will be exclusively manufactured within our 
facility, leveraging advanced technical capabilities, and adhering to vigorous 
quality standards. 
In sanitaryware, cost of raw materials like ‘China clay’ went up by 19% and 
‘feldspar’ by 4%, while ‘plaster of paris’ and ‘glaze’ went down by 1% and 2% 
respectively in Q3 FY24 as compared to Q3FY23. Zinc experienced a decrease 
of 26%. 
At the manufacturing level, operational efficiency witnessed significant 
improvement, resulting in higher overall yields. This, coupled with cost 
optimization programs supported to offset the impact of increased input and 
labor cost. 
In the faucetware segment, brass prices recorded an increase of 4%, while the 
Zamak prices saw a decline of 17% compared to Q3FY23.  
Gas prices remain favorable during the quarter. The average price from GAIL 
was Rs. 28.78 per cubic meter in Q3FY24 as opposed to Rs. 35.43 per cubic 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 4 of 15 
meter in Q3FY23. Similarly, the average gas price from Sabarmati was Rs. 
47.56 per cubic meter in Q3FY24, down from Rs. 71.9 per cubic meter in Q3 
FY23. However, it has registered an increase of 7% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis.  
This positive trend is further supported by increased drawl of gas from GAIL, 
reaching 82% in Q3FY24 compared to 67% in Q3FY23. The weighted average 
cost of gas in Q3FY24 was Rs. 32.21 per cubic meter, significantly lower than 
Rs. 47.33 per cubic meter in Q3FY23 and notably, below the industry average. 
Gas cost constitute 1.44% of the total revenue. 
Our consistent commitment to ESG began in 1995 with the inception of our 
journey through the establishment of a wind energy facility. Evolving over the 
years, we expanded our capacity, and in 2014, seamlessly integrated a solar 
plant into a growing sustainable energy portfolio. Notably, in the first nine 
months of FY24, approximately 80% of the energy needs for our two 
manufacturing facilities were met through our internal renewable energy 
sources. 
CERA introduced the retailer loyalty program in Q2FY23, and now, after 18 
months, over 18,000 retailers have been enrolled who have uploaded a total 
of 2.53 lakh invoices on the retailer loyalty app. The feedback received from 
retailers has been instrumental in grasping, evolving consumer demands, 
understanding geographical SKU segmentation, and refining our reward 
program for retailers. In addition to standardizing invoices, a noteworthy 
achievement was recorded during the quarter; - out of the total retail sales 
amounting to Rs. 243 crore, over Rs. 82 crore in sales were eligible for awards 
under this program. This constitutes 34% of the retail sales. 
New product introduction stands as an important catalyst for CERA's growth 
trajectory. In the previous financial year, that is FY22, we unveiled a total of 72 
new products, a notable progress considering that historically on an average 
100 new products were launched annually. The momentum continued in 
FY23, witnessing an impressive launch of 699 new products. In FY24, a total 
of 202 new products were introduced till December, which includes 74 new 
products being launched in Q3FY24. 
The sharp increase in new design and product launches over the last three 
years has led to a substantial allocation of resources, both at the 
manufacturing and customer experience levels. As a result, New Product 
Developments or NPDs introduced in the last three years now contribute to 
30% to 35% of the total sales. In efforts to further enhance the Company's 
product portfolio, CERA remains dedicated to developing hygienic and water-
saving products. Key focus areas include premium products like ‘rimless 
EWCs’, and ‘thin rim tabletops’, where our manufacturing facilities committed 
to ongoing innovation, producing these items at costs substantially lower than 
those imported from China. 
In Q3FY24, China imports were Rs. 15.6 crore, a 3.57% of sales as compared 
to Rs. 19.6 crore or 4.3% of sales in Q3FY23. CERA was already one of the 
lowest users of products ‘Made in China’ and its capabilities developed in-

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 5 of 15 
house, the percentage of Chinese imports to sales has been continuously 
declining. 
In FY23, we recorded our highest-level advertising expenditures amounting to 
Rs. 57 crore, representing 3% of our sales. Continuing the same pace, our 
publicity spending stood at Rs. 48 crore during 9MFY24 as against Rs. 33 crore 
in 9MFY23. 
In our sales breakdown, tier 1 cities accounted for 34% of sales, tier 2 cities 
contributed 21% and tier 3 cities led with 45% of the sales. 
In conclusion, I would like to say that as we navigate the current landscape 
and address short-term challenges, our focus is on maintaining leadership in 
the sanitaryware and faucetware industry and on driving sustainable growth. 
Today, our Company is dedicated to leveraging its core strengths, which 
include advanced manufacturing capabilities, a diverse product range and 
expansive network, exceptional after sales service, robust brand recognition 
and financial stability. These foundation pillars collectively fortify our market 
position. We firmly believe that these unique qualities not only empower us 
to face and overcome broader macro-led challenges, but also strategically 
position us for continuous growth, delivering value to our stakeholders. 
With this, I would like to hand over to Mr. Vikas Kothari – our CFO, who will 
present the operational and financial highlights for the quarter ended 31st 
December 2023. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Kothari. 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you and a very good morning to everyone. I would now like to address 
a brief overview on the Company's financial performance for the quarter-
ended December 31st, 2023. 
Revenue from operations stood at Rs. 437 crore in Q3FY24 versus Rs. 456 
crore in Q3FY23, a decline of 4.2%. EBITDA without other income was Rs. 59 
crore in Q3FY24 versus Rs. 73 crore in Q3FY23. The gross margin remain stable 
and stood at 54.2% in Q3FY24 against 54.5% in Q3FY23. Profit after tax was 
Rs. 51 crore in Q3FY24 versus Rs. 56 crore in Q3FY23, a decrease of 9.7%. EPS 
for the quarter stood at Rs. 39.12 versus Rs. 43.34 in Q3FY23. 
For Q3 FY24, 52% of the topline was from sanitaryware, 36% from faucetware, 
tiles represented 10% and wellness 2%. On a Y-o-Y basis, faucetware revenues 
registered an increase of 5%, sanitaryware revenues declined by 8%, tiles 
decreased by 19% and wellness increased by 29%. The sanitaryware and 
faucetware verticals remain the bedrock of our business and contributing 88% 
of overall revenue.  
The classification of overall sales in Q3FY24 was 43% in premium category, 
34% in mid category and 23% in entry level category. The changes in the 
working capital position in the current quarter as compared to the 
corresponding quarter for the previous year were as follows; -  Inventory days 
reduced from 83 days to 79 days, receivable days reduced from 30 days to 27 
days and payable days increased from 37 days to 46 days. Therefore, the net 
working capital days were reduced from 76 days to 60 days in Q3 FY24. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 6 of 15 
As on December 31st,2023, our cash and cash equivalents stood at Rs. 768 
crore against Rs. 597 crore as on December 31st, 2022 registered an increase 
of Rs. 171 crore or 29%. Cash flows for the quarter remain positive at Rs. 49 
crore versus Rs. 58 crore in Q3FY23. 
In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that, given the various inherent 
strength and our dominant position within the sector, we are committed to 
maintaining strong financial discipline. Going forward, CERA remains positive 
and focused on consistently improving its financial performance. 
I would now like to request the moderator to open up the lines for Q&A. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
The first question is related to your target. So, basically in the last and the 
previous quarter calls you had given a target that by September '25 some Rs. 
2,900-odd crore of revenue and also you had said around Rs. 2,500-crore by 
March '25. And looking at the (inaudible 21:29 min.) performance so far in the 
nine months, is that target quite intact or is there any change in that? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Regarding the target part what we have given earlier, so the earlier guidance 
of achieving the revenue target was given and currently we are in the month 
of February and are in the process of working out our annual operating plan 
for the next financial year. So, once this exercise will be completed, we will be 
able to update the guidance. Till such time we are not changing the guidance. 
Any comment on this will be expected in the next earnings call. But, let me 
assure you that we remain committed to the sustainable growth and the 
medium and long-term outlook is quite encouraging. 
Praveen Sahay: 
On the segment side on the same note, in the last call for the faucetware you 
have given around some Rs. 750-odd crore for this year. But if I look at your 
run rate so far, you need to do around 50% of a growth in the fourth quarter. 
Will that be achievable for the fourth quarter? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So for the current financial year, as we all know that Q3 was a tough quarter 
and we experienced demand pressures across all key markets. Even I would 
say to be honest, January '24 continues with the sign of moderation and the 
sales were lower than expected, and we have seen that even the competition 
was not away from these headwinds, which is evident from the results also. 
So, the growth projections given earlier for the current financial year have 
been impacted by the weak demand conditions starting from the month of 
November as is evident from our Q3 results. And in October, when we had our 
last earnings call, we were far ahead in terms of the growth part in terms of 
the previous corresponding period. But from November, the things have 
changed, the slowness as far as demand is concerned was there. So typically, 
what we understand, March is the best month of the year where we have the 
higher sales than average. However, considering the nine-month results, it is 
apparent that the growth for the financial year ‘24 is likely to be moderate. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 7 of 15 
Praveen Sahay: 
The second question is related to that, is there any market share loss are you 
expecting because if I look at the players who are in the elite product, even 
the size is small, but they are growing much faster in terms of incremental 
sales than the leaders. So, is there a market share loss also in the bathware 
segment as a whole you are seeing? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So ideally speaking means if you see the CERA's growth trajectory, we are 
quite confident as far as sanitaryware and faucetware segments are 
concerned, and with the long-term strategy with respect to making these two 
segments which are underpinned by our commitment to innovation, 
operational excellence and market expansion, so we do not see any sort of 
challenge from the other players. And as far as gaining of the market share is 
concerned, so we are betting on our innovation part and like I told, means, for 
the last three years, the innovations or the new products that we have 
introduced are healthily contributing around 32% to 35% of our total turnover. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Sir, next question is on the advertisement expenses. As guided for Rs. 65-odd 
crore for this financial year, you already done around Rs. 48, 49 crore. So that 
is intact or is there some revision in that as well? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So ideally speaking as far as the market share or the voice of share to cover 
the part of CERA is concerned in the brand image building, so we are 
continuing with the same pace of spend what we did last year and almost if 
we compare in terms of the value, we have spent around Rs. 22 crore in Q3 
FY24 versus the previous corresponding Rs. 17.34 crore. With this spend, we 
are continuing the pace of our brand recognition, and we think, and we expect 
that all these things will come as a fruitful results in terms of the growth 
levelers for our revenue generations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sayan Das Sharma from Bajaj Finserv 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Sayan D Sharma: 
Two parts to the first question. I mean, frankly, a little surprised to see a 
revenue decline in sanitaryware because what I associate, sanitaryware to be 
a very stable category because the large part of the demand also comes from 
replacement. So, it will be helpful if you can share some more color, is it only 
specific to CERA because of our mix in particular States, particular tier 3, tier 
2 cities, etc., And how do you see what needs to change for the growth to 
come back for the entire category, not only for sanitaryware to that extent? 
And secondly, I mean we see a lot of real estate demand nearing completion, 
but all these building material categories are not doing well. So, just wanted 
to understand your sense on how growth should pan out in the next few 
quarters may not be quantitatively, but if you can make some qualitative 
comments? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Coming to the part of the growth in sanitary and other segments, so ideally 
speaking means if we see our H1 figures, so we have the volume growth in 
total by 10% and Q3 as we all know that we experienced the demand-related 
issues across all the key markets. So, there was a revenue growth up to the H1 
is concerned. And coming to the part of sanitaryware, and if we see the actual 
figures, we were having the growth of around 5.5%, which was subdued in Q3, 
decline by 8%. However, in case of faucetware we have a very good increase 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 8 of 15 
in terms of the growth; it was around 9% to 10%. So overall, if we see, because 
of the short-term phenomena or the temporary phase which is going on 
means we see some sort of ups and downs within the demand patterns. 
However, we are very optimistic that this situation will improve from FY25 
onwards, which is going to be supported by real estate upswing, retail market 
improvements and increasing home renovations. And as you all know that real 
estate market is doing extremely well and it is expected that the same will 
continue in future, so we do not see any major challenges as far as our 
products demand is concerned. And like you all know, most of the real estate 
projects are nearing to completion. And since products like sanitary, faucets, 
tiles and even paints, they are installed in the final stage. So, we are likely to 
see the increase in consumption pattern in the FY25. And also adding to it 
means we are having good number of projects enquiries in pipeline. So, 
institutional sales from Government projects, educational projects, hospitality 
and medical, they are also going to add positively to our demand factor. In 
general, I would say, the general macroeconomic factors remain positive with 
the GDP growth of the country projected at 7%. So as such means it's a short-
term phenomenon and it is experienced by all the industries. 
Sayan D Sharma: 
Have you seen any divergence in demand trends from your tier 1 cities versus 
tier 2, tier 3 cities, is one growing faster or demand slower in one pocket of 
this market versus the other? 
Vikas Kothari: 
No so if we see the pattern of the tier cities, largely, there is no major change. 
It is same as the Q2 what is there. So, no major change in the composition. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Incred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
First question is on the capex. You mentioned faucet capex was pretty low 
than budgeted. You also mentioned that the 4 lakh pieces have now gone to 
6 lakh pieces. I wanted to know how much did we spend from 3 lakh to 4 lakh 
pieces and then from 4 lakh to 6 lakhs? And secondly, what is the potential for 
sales in out of this increased capacity, and how much time will it take to ramp 
up to peak utilization? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So I think there needs a clear understanding on this statement what was given. 
So ideally the faucetware brownfield current expansion is from 3 lakh to 4 lakh 
units and this expansion is on the ramp up phase, so almost 60% of this ramp 
up has been done, and we expect that by March we will be able to reach out 
to 4 lakh pieces. The second part was means with respect to the civil activity 
or the civil facility has been developed for the future expansion from 4 lakh to 
6 lakh pieces so that the civil work has already been done. And later on, 
whenever we feel that the demand is getting picked up or where we feel that 
we need to increase our capacities, it will be just the balancing of the 
necessary plant and machinery. So, the facility is created for a further boost 
from 4 lakh to 6 lakh. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
How much did we spend capex for 3 lakh to 4 lakh ramp up for the expansion? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So ideally we are quite within the budget and we have spent around Rs. 41 
crore for getting this brownfield part by removing and some of the cost 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 9 of 15 
optimization savings have come by way of debottlenecking the processes and 
taking the advantage of the current facility. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
And the incremental 1 lakh pieces should add about what kind of sales 
because my understanding is 50% is outsourced for the Company in faucets 
before this expansion? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So our understanding is, this incremental 1 lakh pieces per month contributing 
to 1.2 million pieces annually, they are going to contribute around Rs. 240 
crore. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Because the way I am working with the math is currently let's say your 3 lakhs 
pieces a month make about Rs. 600 crore of topline. That Rs. 600 crore is 50% 
outsourced, right? So, if I assume that 3 lakh pieces should deliver Rs. 300 
crore topline. So additionally on a 1 lakh piece topline which is 40% addition, 
the sales number looks pretty high to me. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
I'll tell you why this is happening is because currently the faucetware which is 
producing 3 lakh pieces is having a mix of all SKUs, they would be entry level 
SKUs, they would be middle level SKUs and they would be premium SKUs. So 
like, as of now we are making a mix of products. But the increased expansion, 
once it reaches the entire production of 1 lakh units would be catered mostly 
towards the premium products. So, the incremental revenue that will come in 
from the 1 lakh units would be different from the revenue which you are 
seeing from the current plant, which is a mix of all the products which we are 
producing and selling right now. So, there's a difference in the kind of mix 
which will be going into the new plant. That's where the differences are. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Right, I agree, it looks like a twice the difference, right. So, I was just 
wondering, like what kind of premium products are doing, but I get your logic 
and I get the understanding. Secondly, similar question is on the sanitaryware. 
Majority land is acquired. So, could you help us understand how much land is 
acquired, what is the balance and what is the capex for the land spent right 
now? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Regarding this sanitaryware greenfield, so substantial portion that is about 
75% of the total proposed area has been acquired and registered in January 
2024. For the balance portion of the land, the due diligence is going on and it 
is expected that it is going to be complete by June '24. The estimated cost of 
this greenfield will be around Rs. 125 to Rs. 130 crore including land. And once 
this total acquisition is completed, we shall be able to comment the startup of 
the construction of this particular plant. So, I think this is largely means the 
notable you can say achievement in the month of January where the 
substantial portion has been acquired and registered. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Raj Shah from Marcellus 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
When you mentioned that even competition is facing some challenging 
demand scenario, but if we see results of your listed competitor who is more 
or less similar in size, they have reported Y-o-Y single digit revenue growth 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 10 of 15 
number. I was just wondering where is the gap between our outlook and 
theirs, because they are reporting good revenue numbers? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Your voice was quite muffled. If you can repeat the question again, please. 
Raj Shah: 
My question was our listed competitor who is more or less similar in size, they 
have reported single digit revenue growth numbers. So, this shows that there 
is some market share loss for us. So, I was just wondering where is the gap 
between ours and their demand outlook? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
You're looking at a figure of one quarter. So, one quarter you cannot 
extrapolate it to say that we are losing or gaining market share. This has been 
true what you're suggesting in the current Q3 quarter, but on an overall basis, 
if you see comparing the last few quarters, you'll find that there has been a 
significant difference between the performance of CERA vis-à-vis the 
competitors, especially the competitors which you are talking about. So, 
there's a huge gap between the growth numbers that we have done in the 
previous quarters. This current quarter was kind of a you can say outlier 
because of the demand conditions. But we foresee that with Q4 and maybe 
more so in the next financial year, the demand would again be good and will 
be performing well. So, the difference which is there is only in the current 
quarter, should not be reflected in the future. 
Raj Shah: 
If you can repeat about some local duties or taxes that was implemented in 
Kerala. The opening comment was not clear about it. 
Vikas Kothari: 
In Kerala, the local body introduced a high duty structure on the housing 
sector which has affected the consumer sentiments and thereby leading to 
deferment of some purchasing decisions. 
Raj Shah: 
How much Kerala would contribute to our say top two, three States in terms 
of revenue? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Kerala would be contributing with a region of 10% of our total sales. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
The first question is like you pointed out; we have been outgrowing most of 
the peers, including the large one for the last several quarters. Now what I'm 
trying to figure out is that what has driven that outperformance and how is it 
changing now; was it actually driven by more retail expansion and that is now 
peaking out or was it more driven by the new products and now that is 
peaking out, any more color on both these aspects please? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Ideally, as far as the outlier is concerned, what we say is the growth is driven 
by multiple factors, so means innovation is one of the factors which is giving 
us the growth levers in terms of boosting our revenues. So, if you have seen 
whatever the products, we have introduced in the last three years, have 
generated around 32% to 35% of our total turnover. Secondly, in terms of 
making us different from others means the operational efficiencies have 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 11 of 15 
improved which has resulted into sort of the lower cost of production. And in 
terms of the other part where we see that the expenses and other things what 
we are doing, we are controlling through our different cost optimization 
programs which are making us to sustain even in spite of the fact that we have 
not taken any price rise for the last 20 months. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sorry sir, probably I wasn't very clear in the question. What I was asking is 
more from the topline growth perspective in bathware which is sanitaryware 
plus faucetware. We have been outperforming in the past for several quarters 
as compared to the peers. In terms of the premium mix if you could guide 
three years back, what was it and what is it now. You've mentioned the 
products introduced in last three years but is it fair to assume all the products 
introduced in the last three years is all premium or you want to give a separate 
number for premium mix for Q3FY23 and Q3FY24 as well as say three years 
back? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So I think as far as mix is concerned between the categories, more or less the 
mix is maintained in the previous few quarters. So, premium is contributing 
roughly 43%, mid is contributing 34% and at entry level it is 23%. 
Achal Lohade: 
This is for Q3FY24. How would that be for Q3FY23 sir? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So for FY23 it was 45% in the premium category and mid category it was 28% 
and entry it was 27%. 
Achal Lohade: 
So, it is mid which has grown and a decline in the premium? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So ideally speaking, it's a combination of ‘mid’ and ‘premium’ where we are 
largely concentrating on improvement in these two particular parts. And if you 
see there is a decline in the ‘entry’ segment, which was earlier 27% and now 
it is 23%. Lot of value additions have been put under these two categories, 
‘mid’ and ‘premium’. And like composition point of view, if we see ‘entry’ is 
declining. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Utkarsh Damania from NV Alpha 
Fund Management LLP. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Damania: 
I had a few questions. Sir, in the fourth quarter coming near elections coming 
up. So, do we see any demand subdued due to this and would it affect our 
sales and margins profile as well? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, I think as these elections are going on, so in the coming times means some 
pressures might be there, but in general means from the FY25 onwards we 
see that lot of completions with respect to real estate projects will be there, 
and our products which are at the last stage of the installation, so those things 
will come out and the consumption pattern will increase. But this is going to 
be a short-term impact as far as these elections are concerned. 
Utkarsh Damania: 
Does the Company has any plans for any ESOPs programs or is the Company 
looking after any new ESOP program or something? 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 12 of 15 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, regarding the ESOP part and others, the Company is maintaining a healthy 
cash reserve of Rs. 768 crore. And as we have seen, the Company has 
increased its dividend significantly in the past two years. And I think in the last 
year the distribution was around Rs. 65 crore. The payout was almost around 
31% of the PAT and the Company will continue to maintain this healthy 
dividend payout in the coming years. The Company may explore options of 
buyback and other routes to return excess cash or excess money to the 
shareholders. Currently, no such proposal has been placed before the Board. 
Utkarsh Damania: 
Regarding the Anjani Tiles divestment, so Anjani Tiles we were catering to the 
Southern States. So can you provide what would be the geographical breakup 
currently, or if the South sales have gone down? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See broadly, there has been no change in the sales in the South on account of 
closure of Anjani Tiles. The idea behind the Anjani Tiles was that it is a market 
in the South, so that it will be able to cater to the South market in the sense 
that the transportation cost would be lower. But we have experienced over 
there that the cost of production, which was coming in, was slightly higher 
and the benefit which was supposed to be offset by the lower transportation 
cost, we were not achieving that. So even otherwise, even while Anjani Tiles 
was a part of our portfolio, the cost vis-à-vis Morbi was not lower. Because the 
cost of production in Anjani was higher as opposed to the cost of 
procurement, which we were able to do from Morbi. So, with the divestment 
in Anjani Tiles, there has been no loss in the market share on account of the 
fact that the divestment has happened. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyanshu Agrawal from Unifi Capital 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Priyanshu Agrawal: 
Just wanted to understand on the near term. So, what has really led to the 
slowdown? So one you explained that the Kerala State has increased the 
stamp duty but any other phenomena which is affecting our near-term 
performance, if you could please explain that? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Priyanshu, we are coming back to the same circle again and again like we are 
all talking about growth. So, all I would like to say is that macroeconomic 
factors were not conducive in this quarter, and it has led to a demand 
slowdown. But to pinpoint what exact reason has been there for this 
particular slowdown would be difficult because it's not a one factor which has 
affected, it is a multiple number of factors go to this particular demand 
weakness. So, we feel that this demand weakness is temporary kind of a 
situation and going forward it will improve. 
Priyanshu Agrawal: 
My second question is, you mentioned that the dealers are sort of sitting on 
higher inventory. So, if you could just throw some light on the current 
inventory in the channel and has it stabilized in January, February months, and 
what is your sense, will we be incurring more sales promotion expenses 
because of this higher inventory challenge with the dealers? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
We had experienced difficulties in the month of November, and it had 
continued in the month of January also. But now currently in February, we are 
seeing an upswing, and we hope that this upswing will continue for the month 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 13 of 15 
of February. And as Vikasji has mentioned earlier also, like March typically is 
our best part of the year where the dealers in order to get the benefits of the 
turnover, discounts and various other schemes which have been launched 
during the year, they do a large part of their uptick in the month of March. So, 
we do not see as of now a challenge in that particular month being weak. So, 
we have already started seeing improved sales from the month of February 
and we hope that it will continue in the month of March also. 
Priyanshu Agrawal: 
Sure, if you can just give a range of the sort of growth that you're seeing in 
February and March, that will be useful, sir? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
That is not possible because these are all kind of numbers which keep on 
changing and we cannot even disclose them right now. So hopefully once we 
are there in the next concall, I can give you the numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shaurya Shah from Equirus Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shaurya Shah: 
So, with our focus on faucetware segment and expansion of capacity to 6 lakh 
pieces from 4 lakh pieces earlier and the greenfield capacity coming up for 
sanitaryware segment, where do we see the contribution from sanitaryware 
and faucetware divisions from the current 52% and 36%, going forward? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The proportions more or less would be remaining the same. Like even with 
the expansion coming in, you'll find that faucetware may go up slightly, but on 
an overall basis, it will be remaining the same that we're doing right now. 
Shaurya Shah: 
It was mentioned that there was a price hike of 3% for sanitaryware in Q3. I 
am not sure if it was already mentioned, but was there any price hike for tiles 
division during the quarter? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The tiles is more of a marketing operating price, which keeps on going on. In 
case of sanitaryware and faucetware, it is more like the prices are revised on 
a periodical basis. But in case of tiles, we kind of look at the procurement price 
that we are able to get, and based on that we price it in the market. So, price 
is a more dynamic kind of a thing, and you will not find the price increase over 
there the way that we do it in case of faucetware and sanitaryware. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from 
the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments. Please go ahead. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Just now what you said is that this demand slowdown in overall market of 
yours is a temporary phenomenon and the overall growth outlook which you 
have given earlier remains the same, right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
For how long this demand slowdown do you expect? 
Vikas Kothari: 
What we expect is means it's a short-term phenomenon and maybe year we 
will see means there may be some impact of elections, but from the next 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 14 of 15 
financial year definitely being different projects are under pipeline and we see 
that lot of real estate projects which are near to completion. So, at that stage 
next year we will be having a more consumption of the sanitaryware and 
faucetware items. So it's as per our understanding, we take it as a short term 
and the things will improve from FY25 onwards where we will again have the 
growth moving forward. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
So, you expect one more quarter of pain of demand slowdown, that's what 
you mean to say, right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
As of now, you can say maximum Q4 because we already have a good kind of 
project bank building up. So, orders are coming in over there which should be 
executed in the next few months. So, we are confident about the future like 
FY25 onwards. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Another question is on the cash utilization. You have mentioned that you have 
already increased the dividend payout and we'll be exploring the possibility of 
buyback, which you haven't done at this meeting but possibly in the future 
you can do it. So, like what is the management thinking on utilization of cash 
apart from this, I don't think you will be incurring any major capex apart from 
this? 
Vikas Kothari: 
I think I have already answered this question. Means as far as management 
thought process is concerned, so means whatever the expansion programs we 
are having, they are through internal accruals. So, brownfield, we have 
recently completed. In case of sanitaryware greenfield the acquisition has 
been done and again the complete construction and operationality of that 
plant will be through internal accruals only. As part of the dividend, we are 
going to maintain or increase the payout ratios what we are doing. And 
additionally, like I told means we are exploring the options of buyback also in 
whatever the best way we can return the excess cash back to the 
shareholders. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
The Company is not finding any inorganic opportunities to maybe buy some 
smaller players? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Firstly as far as these capex expansions are concerned what we are doing, so 
these expansions will give us a sufficient room in terms of building the 
capacities to meet out the future demand options, and right now, there is no 
such thought process. So, in future if it will be there, we will see accordingly. 
But right now, we are going to have these expansions completed first. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you, everyone for attending this call and for showing interest in CERA 
Sanitaryware Limited. Should you need any further clarification or would like 
to know more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to me or Mr. 
Vikas or CDR India. Thank you once again for taking the time to join the call. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q3 FY24 Earnings Call        
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript 
has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
 
