 
 
 
15th February, 2024                                                                                 VCL/SE/146/2023-24 
 
To                                                                         To 
BSE Limited 
           National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, Fort,                                                 Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 001                                                Mumbai -400 051 
Scrip Code: 516072                                            NSE Symbol : VISHNU 
Through: BSE Listing Centre                           Through : NEAPS  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,   
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call held on 12th February, 2024 on Q3FY24 
Financial Results 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Call held on Monday, 12th February, 2024 
on Q3FY24 financial results is enclosed. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and disseminate on your website. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vishnu Chemicals Limited  
 
 
 
Vibha Shinde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
Vibha 
Shinde
Digitally signed 
by Vibha Shinde 
Date: 2024.02.15 
10:02:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Vishnu Chemicals Limited Q3 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHERUKURI SIDDARTHA – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VISHNU CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. HANUMANT BHANSALI – VP (FINANCE & 
STRATEGY), VISHNU CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MEET VORA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q3 and nine-month FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Vishnu Chemicals Limited hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. 
As a reminder all participants lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the initial remarks conclude. Should you need 
assistance during this conference please signal an operator by pressing „*‟ then „0‟ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Some of the statements made in today's call may be forward looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. For more details kindly refer to the earnings release and other filings 
that can be found on the Company‟s website. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Meet Vora from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Meet Vora: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. We have with us from Management, Mr. Cherukuri 
Siddartha – Joint Managing Director and Mr. Hanumant Bhansali – VP (Finance). We thank 
them for giving us this opportunity to host them. 
I shall now handover the call to the Management for their “Opening Remarks”. Thank you and 
over to you sir.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you, Mr. Meet. Good evening, everyone. My name is Hanumant and I'm the Vice 
President Finance at Vishnu Chemicals Limited. I'm pleased to present to you a comprehensive 
overview of our Company‟s performance in the past quarter. I would like to highlight the key 
achievements, challenges and strategic initiatives that will shape our path forward.  
Let me start with the “Financial Performance” achieved during the 3rd Quarter of this 
Financial Year. 
First, the “Consolidated Performance”: 
The Company achieved a total income of 308 crores in Q3 FY24 compared to 311 crores in Q2 
FY24. The consolidated EBITDA for Q3 FY24 was 45 crores compared to 49 crores in Q2 
FY24, a decline of 8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The consolidated PAT of the Company 
was 21 crores compared to 24 crores in Q2 FY24, a decline of 13% on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis.  
Now the “Standalone Performance” of the Company: 
The Company registered a total income of 258 crores in Q3 FY24 compared to 269 crores in 
Q2 FY24, a decline of 3% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. The gross margins at the standalone 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
level increased from 42.3% in Q2 FY24 to 43.1% in Q3 FY24, an overall increase of 75 basis 
points. The absolute EBITDA of the Company declined marginally by 3% at 32 crores in Q3 
FY24 compared to 40 crores in Q2 FY24. The standalone PAT of the Company was 22 crores 
compared to 24 crores in Q2 FY24, a decline of 6% on a sequential basis.  
Now I will share our views on the various aspects of our Chromium Chemical business: 
In the quarter gone by our domestic market demonstrated robust demand contributing to a sales 
mix favoring domestic sales at 53% compared to 47% in export sales. Despite the challenges 
posed by the current business environment, both volume offtake and prices remain the same, 
mirroring the ability in the previous quarter. Our focus on improving efficiencies and 
optimizing processes resulted in a remarkable 10% reduction in average consumption of key 
raw materials compared to FY23. This has helped us mitigate the impact of higher raw 
material prices. Cost of consumables as a percentage of operating revenues was 13.8% in Q3 
FY24 compared to 16.3% in Q2 FY24. Power cost also reduced as a percentage of operating 
revenues from 5.2% in Q2 FY24 to 4.7% in Q3F FY24.  
Now talking about Barium Chemicals: 
The capacity utilization in barium chemistry was similar to that in Q2 FY24 but emphasis on 
reduction in inventory of finished goods resulted in better sales volume on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis. Our depreciation has surged by 89% on a year-on-year basis exerting a short-term 
impact on profitability. The Company is expected to see better traction in volumes as we 
progress. 
Our upgradation of equipment and infrastructure was completed in the newly acquired baryte 
beneficiation plant. The plant has stabilized in February and sizable benefits and cost savings 
are expected to flow from Q1 FY25. 
Now I will request the Joint Managing Director of Vishnu Chemicals Mr. Cherukuri Siddartha 
to share his views on the business. Over to you sir.  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
Thank you very much Hanumant and very good evening, everyone. 
I would like to start off by sharing highlights in Chromium Chemistry: 
Our Company is set to recoup its entire investment in the backward integration project at 
Visakhapatnam by Q1 FY25. This is marking it as a significant success. The cost of our 
primary raw material chrome ore continues its upward trend in Quarter 3 FY24. This is 
marking a consistent quarterly increase of nearly 10% over the past three quarters. On the same 
lines, we intend to secure and reduce the dependency of procurement of chrome ore. 
Therefore, our proposal to acquire a strategic chrome ore beneficiation plant with a sizable 
reserve is progressing well and our offer has been accepted. Further details will be shared upon 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
conclusion of negotiations and execution of documentation. This is demonstrating our 
commitment to secure our raw material supply chain in the years to come.  
In June 2023 we commissioned a new capacity of manufacturing precipitated barium sulphate. 
100% of the raw materials used in production are sourced from within India which is close to 
our plant. The quality of our product is at par with other international peers and we have got 
already approval from some of the major multinational paint companies who are in India and 
outside India. Good volumes of PBS were sold during the quarter leading to an improvement 
in the market share. However, we are witnessing some pricing pressure specifically from 
China.  
The CAPEX for the next Financial Year „25 will be prioritized focusing on vertical or 
backward integration and volume expansion. While various micro and macro factors led to an 
overall tough quarter, we can see things improving in the chemistries we operate. With the 
completion of stabilization by Q4 FY24 for our new project, we are confident of achieving an 
improved performance in the quarters to follow. 
Thank you. Now I request to start and keep the floor open for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from Rikin Shah from Omkara Capital.   
Rikin Shah: 
I just wanted to ask on the breakdown and correlation between the sodium dichromate prices 
and chrome ore prices. So again, it's another quarter where both the prices have been moving 
in different directions. I was just trying to understand what maybe could be prolonging this 
effect because generally these things have been moving in tandem historically and at the 
moment it is very difficult to gauge when things would revert back. So, if you could help with 
that.  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
I would say that both are not moving in a different direction. So, what we are seeing is the 
chrome ore prices have increased by another 10% during the quarter on account of increase in 
sea freight rates globally. That has made an impact. Our finished good prices have remained 
stable for this quarter. But what we are witnessing now is we have already started discussing 
with some of the potential end users and we have already announced a price increase among all 
our products. So, we are expecting a price increase from Quarter 1 FY25.  
Rikin Shah: 
The next question on barium end. It's been four quarters since perhaps you can say sort of a 
slowdown the barium segment. And we have perhaps not reached a respectable enough 
profitability in barium segment due to many challenges from supply side, some demand 
softness on barium carbonate in Europe. So, in terms of thinking going forward, when do we 
see this getting back to a very healthy level?  

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
There are many factors which is causing this stress on the P&L, especially on the barium side 
is one is demand slowdown in the construction industry and also our precipitated barium 
sulphate, the product approval is taking slightly longer than I anticipated but it's progressing 
quite well. As we speak this quarter, we are operating at 60% and we are seeing a good order 
pipeline for this quarter. And hopefully by Q1 FY25 we are expecting an operating level of 
over 70% in the precipitated barium sulphate. That will definitely build the overall product mix 
and improve the spreads for our barium portfolio.  
Rikin Shah: 
That's fair. So, we do have a roadmap for barium sulphate. But considering barium carbonate 
seems to be stuck with the demand challenges in Europe, are we sort of trying to navigate that 
in other geographies? Because maybe issues in Europe could be much more prolonged than 
people anticipate. 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
A few quarters ago, we acquired this beneficiation plant called Ramadas Mineral. The primary 
reason for us to acquire this facility is to bring down our raw material cost. We are witnessing 
a good progress in that project whereby a key raw material which is baryte, the cost is going to 
come down significantly by March-April. Currently the plant is under stabilization phase. By 
April we are expecting it to be fully operational. By virtue of that our key raw material costs 
will come down that will definitely give us more leverage in terms of pricing. In terms of 
demand, yes, it is sluggish but it's not fully off. Also, it's been clubbed with the Red Sea issue 
because majority of our business is in Europe. The customers are slowly picking up and they 
have accepted the fact that the prices are going to continue to remain elevated not just for 
shipments coming out of India but also from China. So, we are seeing steadily the orders are 
picking up and customers are coming back and confirming the volumes overall.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi Securities.   
Rohit Sinha: 
Just on continuation of your answer on last participant‟s question about this Red Sea issue. So 
how we are seeing this as of now and how much it has impacted basically, you can say in Q3 
for us and what kind of volume has been impacted because of this? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
So, you pointed out a very pertinent issue with respect to freights. The Red Sea is one of the 
world's busiest sea routes and nearly 30% of global containers transits through the Suez Canal 
alone. And it was an issue that was not in the control of anyone, neither the suppliers nor the 
procurers. It immediately increased the shipping costs in certain routes, from Asia to Europe, 
by nearly 5x in a period of less than 30 days. There is no respite right now in this, but the 
changes are now being accepted globally by both exporters as well as importers. Because this 
change has not just led to an increase in prices but also it has increased the transit time by 
nearly 30% to 40% in most of the routes. Talking about Vishnu Chemicals, we saw nearly 145 
basis points increase in freight cost on a quarter-on-quarter basis. We are already in 
conversation with our customers. As this freight cost increase will be transitory in nature and 
we will persist the shipment contract renegotiations with other clients.  

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Rohit Sinha: 
But any volume to quantify that because of which we have lost some volume or anything to? 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
We have not lost but there has been a delay in the shipments. But customers have come back, 
and they started moving now. Their idea was they were anticipating that the sea freights would 
cool off in a few months from now and they are picking up on their need basis, so that they 
don't run out of stock. They are also mindful of the fact that if they delay their decision making 
to accept shipments given that longer transit time, they might even run out of stock. They're 
cognizant on this fact that in general the transit time has gone up. So, they have to place their 
order now. Otherwise, it'll be a stock-out situation for them.  
Rohit Sinha: 
Secondly on the subsidiary side and barium side, from last quarter Q2 we have increased some 
revenue in Q3. But on EBITDA there was a decline. So, is there a product mix change or how 
to see this thing on quarter-on-quarter basis for subsidiary?  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Yes, the revenues in Vishnu Barium increased on a quarter-on-quarter basis. And this was 
mainly because of the increase in realization of barium carbonate prices that we undertook to 
pass the increase in the raw material prices. So, at a gross profit level the Company made 
absolutely the same spreads that we made in Q2. But because the realization per kg was higher 
the gross margins look a little lower. But overall, we maintained our gross profitability on a 
unit level.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rakesh Davera from 4R Investments.   
Rakesh Davera: 
My first question is related to barium compound. We are facing tough competition and also a 
slowdown in growth, so can you throw some light?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
I would say that yes, we are seeing a slowdown in demand, but it doesn't mean that our growth 
is coming down because if you see sequentially the volumes have been increasing quarter-on-
quarter basis and that will bound to continue. As we are focusing more on precipitated barium 
sulphate, we are witnessing good volume growth in the quarters to come. Also, on the barium 
carbonate side also, even on a Y-on-Y basis we are going to see close to 14% increase in the 
volume. However, that will not reflect in the revenues in general because of the general 
adjustment in the prices. But otherwise, we are growing in terms of volumes on both barium 
carbonate and barium sulphate. Generally speaking, there has been about a 12% to 13% 
decrease in product realization. That is actually playing an impact on overall revenues and 
profitability.  
Rakesh Davera: 
Strong hit on EBITDA due to higher fixed cost due to baryte beneficiation plant earlier or what 
exactly is hitting EBITDA? 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
If you see our EBITDAs have actually increased on a year-on-year basis. Which means that 
our operating leverage has kicked in overall. But in terms of profitability, we have faced an 
impact on account of a close to 80% increase in the depreciation on a Y-on-Y basis and also 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
increase in the interest cost. Also, there is a one-off thing which we had during last quarter 
because already the project has commenced, and we cannot capitalize it anymore. So, there has 
been incidental expense to improve on a certain process where some cost has been incurred in 
general.  
Rakesh Davera: 
Earlier in Q2, we seen that breakeven was achieved in barium. But it was not exactly on the 
realized guidance, so how can we understand this? Can we understand like the growth barium 
compound growth is getting slowed down due to pressure from the overseas market also?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
I think what we are seeing is the volumes are increasing and as we tend to reach 80% operating 
level which we are confident on achieving by Q1 FY25. We are targeting an EBITDA of 18% 
to 20% in barium vertical itself and we are quite positive about it. Although there would be an 
impact on higher depreciation still there'd be an increase in the profitability in the FY25.  
Rakesh Davera: 
Coming to barium precipitate capacity utilization at what level currently we are operating. 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
Currently we are operating at 60%, from FY25 we are targeting to operate it over 70%. 
Rakesh Davera: 
And other question is regarding Bhilai plant. Can you throw some light on Bhilai plant, what 
exactly operations there? 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
We are mostly operating value-added derivatives there like chromic acid, also producing 
sodium dichromate, potassium dichromate and basic chromium sulphate. That's what we 
produce at the Bhilai facility.  
Rakesh Davera: 
So, what are the measures taken generally to avoid incurring heavy costs? So, in the last Q2 we 
have spoken about reducing cost expenditure. So, are we maintaining the same thing?  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
So, we have taken multiple steps to reduce our overall cost, #1 was that we reduced our 
consumption of the raw material. So, on a per kg basis, the amount of raw materials that we 
consumed in FY23 has come down by nearly 10% over the last nine months. And this is across 
the raw material that we are consuming in Chromium Chemical. So that includes soda ash, 
sulfuric acid, etc. But this has led to an improvement in the gross margin that is already visible 
in our Q3 FY24 results. It has improved by nearly 75 basis points. Apart from this we have 
also done a lot of upgradation in our equipment and processes which has reduced our overall 
cost of consumables that generate energy and reduced our cost of electricity which was earlier 
about 5.2% and has come down to 4.7% in Q3 FY24 with the same volume.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Most important thing I'd like to highlight that we completed our backward integration in 
Visakhapatnam in sodium carbonate. In January 2022 we started this plant, and we are now all 
set to recoup our entire investment to the tune of nearly 140 crores spent on this project by Q1 
FY25 itself. So, these are some of the significant achievements that we have done on the 
efficiency as well as reduction of cost.  

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Rakesh Davera: 
And final question regarding chromium compound, we have acquired actually approved for 
acquisition of chrome ore reserve and when will we see that in the results? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
We have taken a board approval in the last quarter and now talking about the progress that we 
have made, we have identified the assets that we would like to acquire, and our offer has been 
accepted by the seller. We are in the process of completing the documentation and over the 
next few months we'll be spending time concluding the formality.  
Rakesh Davera: 
So how much margins we can expect after completion of this chrome ore acquisition? How 
much improvement we can expect?  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
We would like to reserve our comments on the exact cost benefit due to chrome ore acquisition 
because of confidentiality clauses we have entered with the seller. But please note that chrome 
ore is a very important raw material production of chromium chemicals. And till now we are 
procuring 100% of it from external sources. Through this acquisition we will be mitigating the 
risk of volatility in the raw material prices and that would be the key. And that would give us 
further strength to keep on expanding in the forward integration without having anything about 
the raw material.  
Rakesh Davera: 
And what will be the guidance for Q4?  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Right now, we are making significant improvements in barium vertical. So, we are hoping that 
the overall improvements that we have shared with all of you today, we will see that in Q4 and 
we will take this forward in the next financial year also. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Aditya Bharat Chheda from Incred Asset Management.   
Aditya Chheda: 
So, first is can you highlight the gross debt and net debt number for December 31st?  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Our gross debt on a consolidated level is around 320 crores as of 31st December and our net 
debt is nearly 250 crores. Our debt to equity, our gross debt to equity is 0.5x and by the end of 
this financial year, we'll be standing at nearly 0.45x.  
Aditya Chheda: 
And one clarification on employee cost. The bump up has to do with the PBS plant or is there 
any other element to the quarter-on-quarter 10% jump in employee cost on consol basis to 15 
crores.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Typically, in Q3 we have a onetime impact of annual bonuses that we roll out across the 
Company. So, this is something that we do every year in the Q3 quarter, it's a one-time 
increase.  
Aditya Chheda: 
And last question is on PBS, right now the revenue contribution from PBS would be how 
much on the console number?  

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
PBS is right now operating at lower levels, so the contribution overall would increase only 
from Q4 and Q1FY25 subsequently. Right now, at an overall level, it would be less than 5%.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Bansod, who's an individual investor.   
Ayush Bansod: 
My question was on the individual capacity utilization of barium carbonate and barium 
sulphate and how we see it improving over Q1 FY25 next two quarters? 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
The current operating level of barium carbonate is at 75% and barium sulfate we are operating 
at 55% to 60% level. As we progress towards the next financial year, our endeavor would be to 
increase the barium sulphate operating levels to over 80%. We are confident because we are 
witnessing a good order book and customer approvals are flowing in. And barium carbonate 
also as we see, some improvement in the construction industry in Europe and Latin America. 
We are confident to operate it at over 90% during FY25.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Gunit from Counter Cyclical PMS.   
Gunit: 
Our revenues have more or less been range bound from the last around eight to ten quarters 
between 300 to 350 Cr. And if I'm not wrong, we made some capacity enhancement and some 
brownfield projects as well during this timeframe and also certain backward integration 
programs. So, I just would like to understand when we can expect a bump up in volumes and a 
bump up in the revenues going forward. Because if I remember correctly, we are also given a 
guidance of 1500 Cr for FY23 or FY24. And we still are at a rate of about 300 crores per 
quarter. So, I would like to understand your views on this.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
We are expecting Barium Chemicals capacity utilization to improve Q4 onwards and entering 
into next financial year, we are very confident of delivering 70% of utilization level. That 
would overall increase our profitability and that would overall increase our revenues and also 
the profitability of the Company. At the same time the improvements that we have done across 
the verticals of both Chromium and Barium Chemicals will help us reduced our expenses. 
Some of them are - baryte beneficiation plant which is already operating at a higher utilization 
levels compared to previous quarters, and it will further increase as we enter into the month of 
March. Secondly is we have made a signification improvement in overall consumption of raw 
material and electricity that is also going to benefit and reduce the overall cost for us. So, with 
the business cycles expected to change in a few quarters, we are hoping that these 
improvements will be sustained and help us achieve better margins when the cycles change 
and when the prices are come down. 
Gunit: 
Do we have any internal estimates based on the kind of pipeline that we see and the kind of 
work that we are doing of the kind of growth we should expect in FY25 and the steady state 
margins that we're looking at, the realistic steady state margin for FY25 considering all the 
work that has been done? 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
We don't give guidance, so we won't be able to share internal target with you. Overall, our 
endeavor is to achieve more than 16% EBITDA margin.  
Gunit: 
It's not audible.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Coming back to the question, we don't give a revenue or profitability guidance for FY25 but 
the first thing that we would like to do is achieve our EBITDA margins to the level of 16% to 
17% which is right now at about 14.6% at a consolidated level. And overall, the revenues also 
would increase next year because of our overall increase offtake from barium chemicals.  That 
would be the key drivers of profitability.  
Gunit: 
Are we looking at any other CAPEX or any other expansion plans for the coming years to add 
more volumes?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
We are looking at adding chromium metal to our portfolio. The work is under progress now. 
So, we are expecting a commercial launch of this product by FY26, and this will be a good 
value assertive product for our chromium portfolio. For that the CAPEX is currently on. We 
are in the process of expanding our chrome oxide green production at our Vishakhapatnam 
plant which will be the key raw material for producing high purity chromium metal.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from Ambika Fincap. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Siddartha my first question is on the chromium side. In last con-call you mentioned that there 
was an opportunity for green oxide. How are we shaping there? Have we got any approval for 
that?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
With respect to chrome oxide, we did give an update that given that one of a producer in 
Germany is in the process of shutting down the facility. We are witnessing good enquiries 
from Europe and the US. Currently where we stand today is, our samples are under the testing 
phase so we're looking forward to hearing from the clients in the quarter to come from now. 
But as such for this particular product, the order book is looking quite solid. Our operating 
levels at our Hyderabad plant where we are producing chrome oxide green are operating over 
90%. As we move forward towards FY25, we are already considering adding capacity since 
we have a furnace available to increase our oxide production at our Hyderabad facility where 
we can also use more sodium dichromate internally for our own production.  
Dhruv Shah: 
Siddartha, I had one more general question on your chromium side. With the chrome ore prices 
going up every quarter, you think it's feasible for the players in Turkey and other European 
countries to continue production or they will say the same fate what the Germany producer 
saw? Because we are seeing our margin going down with our low cost of production with the 
backward integration, we have in soda ash. So how are other players surviving this? 

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
What is definitely helping us to sustain to get through this headwind is definitely a CO2 
acidification is helping us in a very big way. And it's still more to come in terms of because 
currently our CO2 acidification is operating at 75% level, and we are expecting it to go to 90% 
level by FY25. That will definitely give us a lot more leverage in terms of pricing and overall 
costing in general. And in terms of chrome ore pricing, it's not just for Vishnu Chemicals but 
across the industry, all our peers are bound to source this raw material either from South Africa 
or Kazakhstan. What we are seeing talking about a Turkish peer who's having an advantage 
with respect to currency, we see them leveraging that to some extent which gives them a little 
bit of pricing power over the others. And the South African producers, who is in South Africa, 
they have some logistical advantage because chrome ore is in South Africa. But as a Vishnu 
Chemicals what we see we have a very strong footing in India which is primarily a growing 
market compared to other parts of the world. As you can see over the last 3 years, our domestic 
share continues to increase. We were at 60%-65%, today we are at 75%. And the market seems 
to grow in India at 6% to 7% levels.  
Dhruv Shah: 
But Siddartha, can you pinpoint any particular reason why the chrome ore prices are going up? 
Is it because of the electricity cost in South Africa primarily?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
That is one of the factors but not a major one. It's primarily because of logistical issues in 
general and some consolidation which has happened in the mining industry over the last 4 to 5 
years, especially during COVID there are very few suppliers out there. And especially for our 
particular grade, which is chemical grade, there are very few suppliers who are able to produce 
this particular grade product. What is really helping us in this situation is because we have an 
agreement with one of a very big producer. So, our volumes are taken care of. The issue we are 
facing is with the pricing in general because we tend to buy at what the market price is in 
general.  
Dhruv Shah: 
Coming to your barium side, did I hear it right that are we seeing some competition in a PBS 
segment from Chinese players in India?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
Yes, to some extent because they realized that there is a domestic supply which was not there 
in the past. I think part of their effort is to secure their position in India because it's their main 
market outside China. Currently given the import stats and all, the market today is about 
30,000 tons. It's grown 14% on a Y-on-Y basis. But I think we do differentiate, and we do 
position ourselves as a quality supplier because we are able to demonstrate there's a quality 
difference between what Chinese are offering versus what we are supplying. But as you know 
it takes some time for customers to really get to that point. But our technical team and the sales 
team are working round the clock to make them realize what they're using and what they're 
getting now versus what they have having.  
Dhruv Shah: 
But in pricing what will be the difference between what we are offering and what they are 
offering?  

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
It depends on the customers, depends on the grade. There's always be a 5% to 8% delta.  
Dhruv Shah: 
They would be cheaper, 5% to 8%, right?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
Yes.  
Dhruv Shah: 
And my last question is we aren't seeing any full benefits of Baryte acquisition yet. Should we 
see that in Q4? 
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
Yes, definitely. As we speak, we are witnessing a good improvement because it's a new 
facility. Our people are gearing up, trying to get used to that process and everything. And this 
month itself we are seeing good progress in terms of yields and volumes what we have 
envisaged. The acquisition has happened in the month of September, and we have started 
operating from October. So, this is what we have planned. It takes about 5 to 6 months to 
stabilize everything and achieve the desired yields.  
Dhruv Shah: 
What will be the utilization level there right now?  
Cherukuri Siddartha: 
Right now, the utilization level is about up to 60% as we speak. But what we are trying to 
focus is to improve on the yields, which overall helps to help the costing factor as we improve 
on the yields in the processing plants.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Bhavya Sonawala from Samaasa Capital.   
Bhavya Sonawala: 
I missed out on the initial remarks in terms of if there has been any kind of volume growth this 
quarter. And the second question was similar to the previous participant on the competitive 
landscape in the chromium segment. If we are seeing any kind of increased enquiries 
considering any problems with our competitors, if you can throw some light on that.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
On the volume front, the volume and the prices remain the same in Q3 FY24 compared to Q2 
FY24. And can you repeat your second question please? 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Basically, just wanted to know the competitive landscape in the chromium segment. And are 
we seeing any kind of increased inquiry in terms of being on the cost front or any kind of 
issues on the competitors that we are seeing some increased inquiry for the chromium segment 
in our business? 
Hanumant Bhansali: 
On the chromium segment I'd like to highlight that we have exhausted our full installed 
capacity. Now we are in the process of investing in both the primary chemical as well as 
derivatives in the next financial year. So that would further give us more range of products to 
penetrate into newer markets. As I'm speaking to you, we have already gained a lot of traction 
in the European as well as American markets. And with our new products coming up, we will 
further strengthen our position in these markets.  

 
Vishnu Chemicals Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments.  
Hanumant Bhansali: 
Thank you very much. We appreciate your continued support as we are working together 
towards a future of sustained growth. I'd like to thank all the participants, team of Emkay and 
Chorus Call for your time today. If there are any further questions, please feel free to reach out 
to us on investors@vishnuchemicals.com. Thank you and have a good day.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your 
lines.  
