 
 
PTC India Financial Services Ltd. (CIN: L65999DL2006PLC153373) 
(A subsidiary of PTC India Limited) 
Registered Office: 7th Floor, Telephone Exchange Building, 8 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi - 110 066, India      
Board: +91 11 26737300 / 26737400 Fax: 26737373 / 26737374, Website: www. ptcfinancial.com, E-mail:  info@ptcfinancial.com 
 
 
  Dated: February 07, 2024 
To 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code : 533344 
 
Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Symbol: PFS 
 
Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of transcripts of Audio recording of the Conference Call held on 
Thursday, February 01, 2024 at 4:00 PM (IST) on the financial results for Q3FY24 
 
In continuation to our letter dated January 29, 2024, and pursuant to Regulation 30 and 
46(2)(oa) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find the transcripts of Audio recording of the 
Conference Call held on Thursday, February 01, 2024 at 4:00 PM (IST) on the financial results 
for Q3FY24. 
 
This is also available on the Website of the Company at www.ptcfinancial.com.  
 
This is for your information and record please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PTC India Financial Services Limited 
 
 
       
Shweta Agrawal 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed: as above 
SHWETA 
AGRAW
AL
Digitally signed 
by SHWETA 
AGRAWAL 
Date: 2024.02.07 
14:27:39 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“PTC India Financial Services Limited Q3-9M FY24 
Earnings Conference Call of” 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHENDRA LODHA – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & 
CEO (ADDITIONAL CHARGE OF MD & CEO), PTC 
INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. S. SIVA KUMAR - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
(CREDIT), PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. KALUR SRINIVAS - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
(MONITORING), PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY RUSTAGI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
PTC INDIA FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. ABHINAV GOYAL – VICE PRESIDENT, PTC INDIA 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 9-month FY24 earnings conference call 
of PTC India Financial Services Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhinav Goyal – Vice President of the company. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes, So thank you so much and good evening to all esteemed shareholders. Let me first introduce 
our management team available to address today investor call. We are having our Director 
(Finance) and CFO, who is having additional charge of MD and CEO as well, Mr. Mahendra 
Lodha. We are having Mr. S Siva Kumar – he is Executive Director (Credit). We are having Mr. 
Kalur Srinivas, he is Executive Director (Monitoring). 
I now request Mr. Mahendra Lodha to kindly take forward today’s discussion. Over to you, 
Lodha sir. 
Mahendra Lodha: 
Good afternoon our esteemed shareholders. So, welcome to this presentation. So, we are 
presenting that Q3 Result. 
So, in this quarter, we have achieved PBT of Rs. 67.48 crores and PAT we have achieved Rs. 
50.37 crores. As far as that few ratios are concerned, yield on earning portfolio is also 11.37% 
and capital adequacy ratio is also 44.45%, which is higher as compared to the previous quarter, 
which was 38.56. We are having comfortable liquidity position. So, around 30 January, we are 
having liquid funds of Rs. 872 crores including HQLA. And we are aggressively looking at 
proposals. So, during this quarter, we have made some disbursement of around Rs. 161 crores 
and we are aggressively looking for good proposals for further disbursement. 
So, during this quarter, we have achieved an interest income of Rs. 200 crores and total income 
was Rs. 204 crores. Interest on financial charges was Rs. 102.82 crores and impairment on 
financial instruments was Rs. 8.44 crores. Other operating expenses were Rs. 25.57 crores and 
total expenses were Rs. 136.84 crores. PBT was Rs. 67.48 crores and after the tax expenses of 
17.11, PAT is Rs. 50.37 crores. As on 31st December ‘23, our loan book was Rs. 6,495 crores. 
So, few improvements are there in that ratios also. 
As far as yield is concerned, we have achieved 11.37% as compared to 10.89 in the previous 
quarter. Cost of funds have increased slightly because of the market trend. The cost of funds was 
8.89 % as against 8.48%. 
Our NIM has also improved from 4.46 to 4.92 as well as the spread is 2.48 as compared to 2.41. 
We have resolved a few stress assets also during this quarter. So, Stage 3 gross loan was 776.05 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
and for which we have already made the provision of Rs. 447.32 crores, so net exposure is Rs. 
328.74 crores. So, our ED will go through in detail whatever resolutions we have made during 
the previous quarter. 
As far as the market cap is concerned, the market cap on 30 January was around Rs. 4,000 crores 
and I think there is no major change in the shareholding as on 31stDecember. So, over to Mr. 
Abhinav Goyal. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, very good evening again to all esteemed shareholders. So, there were a few developments 
which have happened since we last met in the market. One is there is recent RBI circular where 
RBI has increased the risk weight for NBFC in general other than certain specified NBFC. 
So, your company has wonderfully placed and despite the increase in the risk weight in general 
in the market, we not only negotiated well with our lenders because we have shown the trust we 
are having, but the business potential also we are having, and the kind of portfolio we are 
carrying as of now. So, they are all well-recognized and although there is a nominal increase in 
comparison to the RBI circular, we are well within the very competitive limit. That is one. 
Second, recently Government of India, Honorable Prime Minister on 22nd of January, 
auspicious day of Ram Lala Sthapna, has announced that Suryodaya scheme. So, as you well 
know that your company is into sunshine sector, our focus is to sunshine sector. So, we are also 
visualizing that there should be immense opportunity for your company to have tremendous 
growth in the coming future. So, that is the two major development which has happened very 
recently. So, we thought it's appropriate to put forward the consideration of esteemed 
shareholder. 
I now request ED Sir, Mr. S. Siva Kumar to kindly take forward the discussion. 
S. Siva Kumar: 
Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for joining here with us. And as my colleague, Abhinav, has 
said, we are exploring this sunrise sector, and we are trying to contribute our might and get more 
contributions and get a piece of part of the business so that we'll have and enhance our value 
chain in which we are already there. So, that's one thing. And then apart from that, we also are 
looking at the proposals and we are trying to improve our portfolios as well as returns on the 
portfolio, so we expect that this quarter will be of good business growth and prospects are 
positive. Over to Abhinav. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Thank you so much sir. So, our company has done very good on the portfolio front as well and 
we resolved 2 major stress accounts during this quarter. So, we are having Mr. Kalur Srinivas 
who is having decades of experience in banking only. So, I request Sir to kindly elaborate how 
we have resolved and way forward. 
Kalur Srinivas: 
Good afternoon everyone. Srinivas here. I think as Abhinav and Mr. Lodha have mentioned, the 
focus continues to be on resolving the remaining sticky assets. We have implemented the 
resolution plan as regards to ILFS Tamil Nadu Power Company Limited and also Meenakshi 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
and so both these accounts have been implemented and we also continue to focus in terms of 
trying to move ahead in terms of resolution on the remaining large ticket sticky assets whether 
it is Danu or whether it is Vento Power or NSL Nagapatnam. So, this calendar year maybe we 
will try and see what breakthrough we can have as far as these assets are concerned.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Manoj Alimchandani from AFRF. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
Mr. Lodha, Mr. Siva Kumar, Sri Abhinav, at the outset, thanks for excellent presentation and 
very crisply given details, highlights. So, heads off to you. Now I would like to come to a few, 
very specific issues and important issues, and would like to get your feedback on each of the 
important points. I would also give some suggestions. One is Mr. Das of IREDA. Their  
Directors, CFOs, and in the Ministry of Environment Officials also interacted with me in 
Mumbai and a very detailed interaction and they implemented all my suggestions and see the 
kind of wealth they have created, it is the same sector but the kind of wealth they have been 
creating and have implemented all the suggestions. Also, REC management came to Mumbai 
and interacted and see the time of rewriting have been done. They have been implementing all 
my suggestions very closely. They listened to us. They interact with us. So, I would have 
expected you to come to Bombay and interact just instead of doing a voice concall. Earlier you 
had done a Zoom interaction and a parent company also. So, in future I would suggest, don't 
wait for three months, come to Bombay, interact with us, it's very important. Next point, it is 
how you are doing your business. You are in the same sector as IREDA and REC, right? Your 
focus was on renewable energy. In the last interaction, the Director was there, Siva Kumar, right? 
You had just taken over and we had a very good interaction, right? You had shared your plans 
and you have rich experience earlier and about positioning yourself in a renewable business and 
take off. But see what is happening in the competition, what IREDA and REC are doing. They 
interact with us physically in person in Mumbai more often, and they have been much more 
successful than you. Although I wish you all the best, but ultimately a wealth creation for 
investors and the promoter PTC India is much more important and you have more experience 
than IREDA in terms of listing and interaction and you have good, better learnings because one 
learns through mistakes and through experience bulk business bad cycle, so you have the 
advantage of that, so you could be much ahead much more than IREDA. REC of course the size 
is there, but you have a smaller base so you can show much higher growth. We are talking about 
solar, we are talking about that. Would like you to highlight what is your going to positioning, 
going to be there in the solar business, renewable business, rooftop business, including our 
comments on the Finance Minister speech today and what our Prime Minister Modi also 
mentioned about it. You have the advantage of being the first among the calls in the renewable 
business after the budget speech, right? So, Mr. Lodha, I would like you to respond to that, 
especially on the prospects and how PTC financial can position to grab the major big opportunity 
highlighted by the FM and the Prime Minister. It's going to be huge and on a small base. Just 
imagine when you come to Bombay and interact, I can give you further ideas. I would suggest 
if you can come next week itself, it will be good, right? Mr. Lodha respond to that. And another 
third point, would like to know from you, what are the developments in terms of the relationship 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
with RBI and their questions? There were some issues in the media. There were some issues, 
please clarify that. The CFO or the Compliance Officer can clarify the developments related to 
RBI. Is everything clean or is there any outstanding investigation? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, first of all, huge potential is there in this particular business like solar and other new emerging 
sectors in Green Infra. So, definitely we are looking good proposals, and we are in the process 
of just increasing our book size. So, all our efforts are being made. And the second thing is RBI 
inspection has already been done for 2022 - 23 and we have addressed the things and whatever 
you are addressing. 
S.Siva Kumar: 
Thank you sir, thanks for recalling our meeting in Bombay and as you said that definitely we 
would like to take your inputs and we will shortly travel and meet you in person also, but we are 
delighted that you have joined over phone and we are happy to interact and take your views 
which is of immense value to us. As you said, the kind of announcements which have come from 
the government, especially on the solar rooftops by Honorable Prime Minister. So, we are in 
touch already with the implementing agency namely REC, though it is going to be of a rooftop 
which is more of a B2C segment, but still we will be involving there and definitely we will bring 
our expertise in this business because we are already there in this business as you said and we 
are in touch with them, we are in discussion with them and definitely we will be bringing value 
to our shareholders and thanks for your comparison with IREDA and REC. Yes, we are well 
equipped because we have learnt our lessons, and we have a lot of expertise. Definitely, we are 
exploring a big chunk of business which will definitely add to our small base in a very big way. 
As regards to your query on RBI thing, RBI inspection is over, there is no investigations per se 
and the RBI inspection report for 2021-22 has come out well and there was no divergence or no 
malfeasance or no such things were observed. And we have submitted our observations and our 
comments and our compliance with their findings and we are almost up to date with the RBI's 
requirement and whatever the stipulations they have made in terms of following, forming the 
formulation of the policies and procedures which we have put in place. And I can assure you 
that there is no malfeasance or no diversion or anything of that sort has come out in the RBI 
report. That is the one thing I can assure you sir at this moment. And your points are well taken 
and definitely we are looking at every business opportunity to further our business interest and 
add values to our shareholders. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question. The next question is from the line of Aditya Singh, 
who is an investor. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Singh: 
So I am an existing investor in the PFS. And I would like to highlight that PFS is not doing well 
in terms of rewarding shareholders. Solar is one of the best funding opportunity in India and I 
do not know why PFS has funded road projects and multiple road projects, wind power and 
hydro power. Why PFS is not focusing on renewable energy? This is my first question. The 
second question is what the status of NPA is as on date, as on date, as on date, what is the status 
of NPA quarter-on-quarter basis and what kind of resolutions you guys have done to clean the 
balance sheet. Because you know what I could see that CFO is also playing the role of CEO and 
he's having dual role additional charge of the CEO, so who will bring the additional business for 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
the company because CFO is a different function, CEO is a different function. So, we would 
advise PFS to have you know a sizable team to tap the renewable energy market and there should 
be a proper CEO in the company who is having good integrity. I hope PFS has learned from past 
mistakes and what I believe is that the function of CFO is more on the fundraising for the 
company. So, why a person is having dual role? Yes, may I request you to please answer sir my 
both questions sir. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, as regards to your first question, I think there is a contradiction as regards to at one place, 
the statement is that we are funding to diversified sector including road. And at the same time, 
we've been requested to focus to a specific sectors, renewables. So, although we are focused to 
fund sustainable green infrastructure finance, so be it solar, be it wind power, be it electrical 
vehicle charging station, be it immobility, at the same time, we are open to other good exposure 
also to other infrastructure sector where there is an opportunity to make money. So, the ultimate 
goal is to create value to our shareholder, be it from one segment, be it from another segment. 
Task is that what should be the segment, it should be good, the project on itself should be viable 
and it should be creating the value to the company in turn to the shareholders. Now, as regard to 
the answer of your second question, yes, of course, integrity was one word you mentioned. So, 
in all our dealing, we are quite transparent and you must appreciate the fact that probably we are 
among the few NBFCs in the country. which have given the stage wise details of Stage-3 loan 
account, account wise details, you know, how much exposure we are having, how much have 
been provided of, how much is the net, how much impairment been created. It is available over 
exchanges also, over our website also. Now as regard to quarter wise NPA figure, that is also 
available over our website. So, quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year basis, all the details are being 
mentioned. Now one very important question you in between asked that there is a person who 
has taken additional charge of MD as well and who is working as a CFO as well. Of course, it 
is a unique kind of situation, actually our task is to have a selection of a person who should show 
this organization to a right path with, while creating a right value to the shareholders and the 
most important aspect yourself mentioned that the person should be a man of integrity and he 
should have a very high vision. Of course, the existing management is also a contender for that 
post, but somehow the process has taken more than expected time. We are quite hopeful that 
soon there will be some announcement. So, the process is already on, it is on advance stage and 
probably next time when we will be meeting, the question itself will get resolved. 
Aditya Singh: 
One small question I had. My question is, I went to your website and saw the accounts, the NPA 
accounts, the portfolio which has been part of your portfolio. I am literally surprised to see on 
what basis you guys funded these companies in the past and that has piled up as an NPA now. 
Because the kind of companies you have funded, nobody was touching those companies. And 
on what basis you gave loan to those companies like Danu and there are other companies which 
were, you know, they were already having bad name in the market. So, we would humbly request 
you whenever you get any proposal for corporate finance or project funding, please give special 
attention to on what basis the credit appraisal has been done, right? And I hope you have taken 
action against those people who had approved this loans in the past because that has hit the 
balance sheet of PFS very badly. You can see other companies are performing in the market like 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
IREDA, PFC, REC, they are touching 52 weeks high. So, on what basis did you funded all these 
companies which were not worthy and as a result, PFS faced a lot of challenges in terms of 
recovery. So, please streamline and strengthen your credit appraisal process and please monitor 
from the day of application. Please do a due diligence of the promoter before funding. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Yes sir, so your point is very well taken. In fact, I would like to mention that the projects which 
are feeling bad as of today, were the leading group at one point of time. For example, one case 
is IL&FS Tamil Nadu which is an NPA in which we just recovered Rs. 70 crore. in this quarter 
only, all PSU names have been there. Another project is Kona Seema Power. So, it's been 
reflecting bad as of today. It's you know in our NPA list, you rightly mentioned that PFC, if I'm 
right PFC or REC is the lead institution in that case only. So, yes, your suggestion has been well 
taken and we have already strengthened our credit appraisal. In fact, the majority of the accounts 
which are reflected here are belonging to the thermal or large hydro sector. The sector itself been 
collapsed with the cancellation of coal blocks and no offtake arrangements. So, it was a Supreme 
Court judgment because of the sector on its entirely was collapsed. So, it's not a fault of any 
financial institution be it PTC Financial, be it PFC, REC, SBI or PNB, but yes your suggestion 
has been very well taken and you rightly mentioned that PFC has crossed its 52-week high. I 
guess you must also appreciate that we have also crossed our 52-week high and at the same time, 
we have taken your suggestion in the right spirit and will definitely find out the opportunity to 
improve further. Thank you so much. 
S. Siva Kumar: 
Just to add to what Abhinav has indicated, as far as the specific comment on Danu Wind Power 
Private Limited, let me state that this is a renewable energy project in the state of Andhra 
Pradesh. The reason why it is appearing in Stage-3 is because of the government of Andhra 
Pradesh having not honor its contracts as far as PPA is concerned and the developers had to 
approach the court for relief. And post relief being granted, the project's cash flows have come 
on stream but it continues to be a Stage-3 as the legacy issue will take some time for it to get 
resolved. But the heartening point that investors may observe is that as far as the provisioning 
coverage is concerned for our assets, the provisioning coverage is very healthy. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question. The next question is from the line of Vishal Biraia 
from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, first, your comments on the top 3-4 stressed projects, right? 
If you can elaborate a bit more on Danu, IL&FS Tamil Nadu, Vento, and Nagapatnama to what 
is the current status of these power plants, at what stage are they generating, are they not 
generating, what is the status of PPA, coal, and everything? And then the second aspect of the 
question is on growth and sanctions. In the market, there seems to be enough inquiries for lending 
to the power sector. So, how are we looking at it? How are you evaluating? What are the new 
criteria that we have set for ourselves? Thank you. 
Kalur Srinivas: 
Yes, to get to the first part of your question is relating to the operations of this Stage-3 assets. 
As far as Danu, IL&FS, Vento and NSL Nagapatnam are concerned, out of these four, the first 
three that is Danu, IL&FS and Vento power. All these three are operating projects and have 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
shown cash flows in the last few years. In fact, IL&FS, we have recently implemented the 
resolution plan based on which we have got our share of the proceeds sometime in the month of 
November and the project is doing well now in terms of PLF is what we understand from the 
consortium report as well. As far as Danu and Vento are concerned, one is a wind power project, 
the other is a solar energy, solar panel-based project located in different states and both the assets 
are operational. There are certain legacy reasons because of which the assets continue to be 
stressed, which I had explained earlier as far as Danu is concerned. NSL Nagapatnam was 
affected due to the entire issue related to coal block allocation and some other reasons based on 
which the project could not take off. But then we have as far as exposure is concerned, we have 
made full provisioning for this. And nevertheless, we are seeing what best can be done to try and 
recover to the extent possible as far as NSL Nagapatnam is concerned. That process is on. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So, Nagapatnam, is it operating currently? 
Kalur Srinivas: 
No, that project was never implemented. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So, this project is completely stuck? 
Kalur Srinivas: 
Right. 
Vishal Biraia: 
It was half constructed, right? 
Kalur Srinivas : 
This project was envisaged to come up in the state of Orissa. For whatever reasons, the project 
got stuck and could not get implemented. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So, now, how do we plan to recover this by selling the land? What is the resolution plan that is 
being worked out? 
Kalur Srinivas : 
The CIRP is on in terms of the resolution and the advertisements have been given which have 
resulted in some level of response from potential investors. More than that, we are covered in 
the sense that we have a corporate guarantee from the holding company and we expect at some 
point we will be able to recover a significant part of our dues. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And when it comes to Vento, what is the current status of the project? 
Kalur Srinivas : 
This is a solar plant in the state of Orissa. The plant is operational in the sense that 20-odd 
megawatts have been implemented and operational. The PLF that it's generating is only 
marginally less than what was originally envisaged. It is suffering mainly because of land issues; 
the envisaged capacity couldn’t be implemented. But yes, here also we have made adequate 
provisioning. And there is some interest as far as potential buyers are concerned. And we are 
seeing how our resolution can be implemented in the course of maybe this calendar year. 
Vishal Biraia: 
So, since this project is partially generating, are we getting some cash flows from the revenue 
that is occurring to the power plant? 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Kalur Srinivas: 
We are getting some cash flows, which is being used to meet some of the interest dues. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And when it comes to Danu, what is the current status? 
Kalur Srinivas : 
This project is operational. It's in the state of AP. The entire project is implemented. The issue 
here is essentially relating to the cancellation of or rather the government of AP having gone 
back on the PPAs that were signed with the Discoms. But post the court order, the project has 
been getting cash flows from the Discoms, from the state Discoms. And of course, this has been 
affected for a couple of years due to the issues with the state Discom, there are overdues that 
have built up over a period of time. But the performance wise, as far as the operating 
performance wise, today, if we look at it from today's current scenario, over the last two years 
or one and a half years that we've been seeing, fairly decent operating performance in terms of 
PLF and cash flows. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And so by when do we plan, I mean, the Danu will get resolved only when we get the pending 
payments from the AP Discoms, right? That is the only solution. 
Kalur Srinivas: 
AP government has been releasing some of the dues that have piled up over a period of time. I 
think the company is engaged with the AP Discoms to resolve the remaining issues. But 
irrespective of that, we are in constant engagement with the company to try and see how this 
issue can be resolved. 
Vishal Biraia: 
What is the total amount that is outstanding with the AP Discoms for Danu Power? 
Kalur Srinivas : 
The figure that I remember as of say March 2023 is maybe the approximate number that I have 
would be about somewhere between maybe Rs. 70crores – Rs. 80 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni from Almondz Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
I just wanted to know some explanation on the note number eight given in the financial statement 
regarding the other expenses, the recognition of financial instruments. So, just can you throw 
some lights on that? And further in the next quarter also any kind of this is likely to be coming? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
I'm Sanjay. So, what I'm just telling, we got the resolution of the Meenakshi Energy Limited, 
the loan account which was appearing in stage three account in previous quarter. So, Vedanta 
has successfully won the bid and got the project transferred in his name. And as a resolution 
plan, the lender got NCDs, the non-convertible debentures, carrying a coupon rate of almost 
0%and these debentures will be redeemed in the 5 equal installments of 20% every year. The 
installment will fall for redemption every year in the month of October. Since it is a zero-coupon 
rate as per the Ind AS accounting, we have to determine some internal rate of return that we 
identified as 8.5%. So, the Rs. 53 crores debenture gets the NPV value. So, whatsoever Rs. 15 
crore we have booked as other expenses, the same will be recognized in income in times to come. 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
So, there will not be any recurring expense of this nature. And this Rs. 15 crore we are going to 
get in the form of interest in the coming 5 years. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
So, in case this was not there, our result would have further better in this quarter? 
Sanjay Rustagi: 
You can say that. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
And sir, you have done some disbursement of around Rs. 140 crores during this quarter, so these 
are mainly in the renewables energy sector? 
Kalur Srinivas: 
I think the major amount was to state utility and balance was to ongoing road project which is 
nearing completion. I think primarily these two. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
And my last question is about, in initial remarks we mentioned about this PM's announcement 
about the solar rooftop and opportunities for the companies like PTC, so here we are looking for 
B2B or B2C kind of business opportunity? 
S.Siva Kumar: 
We are exploring all the opportunities, and we are in discussion with the proposed implementing 
agency, already we have begun our discussions and we are looking for business mainly because 
we specialize in B2B, but we are not averse to taking a B2C also because that will involve a 
shorter gestation and we may have certain channel partner to distribute those things also. All 
these business models we are firming up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chanamallu who is an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Chanamallu: 
I am one of the serious investor in your company since 3 years and holding 84,000 shares in 
your company. So, since three years I am observing, quarter-on-quarter your loan book number 
is decreasing, but in explanation you are telling you are in a very rate growth path and by the 
end of this year you will increase the loan book to Rs. 9,000 crore and by 2027 you will increase 
the loan book to Rs. 30,000 crores like this, but you are not able to raise the loan from the banks 
till today, I don’t know any details about those things, so how you will bring this company to 
Rs. 30,000 crore company by 2027, sir? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Sir, I will reply in two part of your question. First, in terms of liquidity, in terms of meeting our 
liability, we are quite comfortable. In fact, it has been mentioned in our investor presentation 
also that as on 30th January we are having a surplus of around Rs. 872 crore right, so that fund 
would be utilized for onward lending to infrastructure sector and our loan portfolio would 
automatically be increasing with that disbursement, that is one. Second of course, now we have 
started discussion. Of course, earlier also we started discussion. We got sanction also almost I 
think about 9-10 months back, but somehow unforeseen development with the company, we 
were not able to take out all of those limits and subsequently the sanction got cancelled and then 
in between, there was a period where we introspect and re-strengthen ourselves and address 
whatever the issue, we were facing all the challenges, and now we again approached banks and 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
financial institutions for having a fresh credit line. The proposal is under consideration with 
various banks and as and when the funds would be required for onward lending, we are quite 
hopeful that the funds will be available to us. 
Chanamallu: 
By this financial year end? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
That is the target we are carrying internally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question. The next question is from the line of Chintan from 
Punishka Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Chintan: 
Sir, if you could take your vision to the Rs. 30,000 crore loan book, which we are looking into? 
What effects have we had in last 6-7 months if you could broadly explain it? 
S.siva Kumar: 
We have a good stream of proposals, especially in our area of focus, that is green and sustainable 
energy such as renewables, e-mobility and so on, and we have also lined up proposals around 
Rs. 1,000 crores in the portfolio and we are processing those proposals for speedy deployment 
of funds and second is that we are also exploring the areas which as I have detailed before in 
certain sunrise sectors where business opportunities are expected to improve and the risks are 
going forward reduce and having learned to our expertise and re-honed our skills and made past 
of our problems now as we have almost done away with the NPA problems and the provisioning 
and with the new management also in place. I think we are confident that we will be able to 
achieve those projections and we are striving to achieve those things. I can assure you that. 
Chintan: 
And sir, on the management side, I think there is a resignation of the last Director, so the 
company top management turnaround has happened and is anything pending on sir? 
S.Siva Kumar : 
We have now a new set of Board members along with MD, CEO is in place and all the top 
positions also are in place and the team is working together to achieve those goals. As such, all 
the appointments have been made and the top posts have been filled and going forward I think 
we expect that the team has revitalized, and it will deliver. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manoj Pande, who is an Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Pande: 
I have two questions. Every quarter we are at the time of review, the management is giving us a 
rosy picture of business growth, but the business is not being achieved and on the contrary, the 
business is declining every quarter, and you have some other pretext that sometimes some CEO 
is not there, Board is under restructuring, some kind of restrictions by regulatory agencies, but 
we had been expecting that quarter 3 would have been better in terms of business. Now, this also 
has passed with a decline. Now, my question is what should we expect in Quarter 4 in terms of 
business, in terms of raising funds and in terms of NPA, how much reduction in NPA you can 
show to us? 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
S.Siva Kumar : 
Yes, in terms of raising business, yes, as you have mentioned, we have proposals we have lined 
up and Rs. 1,000 crores proposals we lined up. We expect bulk of these proposals are 
materializing into the disbursements and as regards the raising of funds, we have been making 
all the efforts and we have come very closer to raising resources which is presently having faced 
certain difficulties in the first quarter of this fiscal year and that is getting resolved and we expect 
to move to raising further resources and as regards to the question of NPA resolution this quarter 
have resolved 2 NPAs and we expect this in the previous quarter that is Q3 and in Q4, we expect 
one or two NPAs to resolve, so that we will have the better provision, better NPA numbers in 
the times to come. 
Manoj Pande: 
Can you tell me if the new CEO will be in place in Quarter 4? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
Sir, I think we have already given the factual position that the entire management team or Board 
of Directors are searching a lot so as to give the charge to a person who is dynamic, who is 
having a high vision, who is able to lead this organization to new heights, of course, the process 
has taken more than expected time, but yes, we are quite hopeful that there should be some good 
announcement very soon. So, that is how with all the limitation we are having we can update 
you and let next time when we will meet, probably the question will automatically get solved. 
So, that is what we can say at this moment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manoj Alimchandani from AFRF. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
One important thing in this business as Mr. Das of IREDA had mentioned to me was technology. 
In fact, he clearly mentioned they are paperless office and I said okay, I will get you to Delhi 
and you see how the paperless office works. What is the progress of our company on the 
technology front? If you can highlight the amount of investment and technology and how we are 
geared up to grab huge opportunity which have been given on a platter to us by the Prime 
Minister and the Finance Minister, most important thing? Second thing is, in the previous 
questions a few, there were some AMC's and some family offices and some retail investors, they 
expressed lots of concerns on this board issues, can you mention because you have an excellent 
board now and excellent Independent Directors. What is the contribution of Independent 
Directors and compared to the earlier Independent Directors who had resigned? Who are better, 
the current Board members or earlier? And if you can differentiate the difference, it will help a 
lot and clarify a lot of misgivings? The current presentation on the website, it shows they have 
got very good rich experience as Independent Directors, very good domain knowledge and the 
actual contribution, how they are attending board meetings, how much they are contributing, are 
they asking questions, keeping quiet or just going on cashew nuts and tea and just keeping quiet, 
everything works? If you can mention that and earlier Board, the differences because there were, 
it was kind of outrageous things coming in the media which we don't know whether to what 
extent they were correct or not. So, taking this board issues that will be very helpful and you 
have been very transparent in the past, you have been sharing that forensic audit report on the 
exchange filings also, one of the best things in the corporate governance, you mentioned about 
RBI in inspection report which is very good. If you share it, it will be really excellent. It will 

 
PTC India Financial Services Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
show you as a very clean, fast-growing opportunity as you mentioned some Rs. 30,000 crores 
potential? With these detailed answers from you and all the best, look forward to interact with 
you on your quick visit to Mumbai? 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, sir, the first question was related to technology. Although, sir, we are not a Fintech company, 
we are into wholesale finance and whatsoever with the technology being required to be adopted, 
we adopted in fact the SAP, one of the, I should say well recognized software, we have taken 
that and got implemented in our systems some 8-9 years back. So, that way, of course we are 
open to increase the efficiency in our working and in our potential with the introduction of 
technology, but yes, as of now, whatever the technology been required to be implemented in our 
opinion, we have already adopted that. Yes, we are into continuous exploration of upcoming 
technology and for that we are having a dedicated department which is called the IT department, 
headed by the Chief Technology Officer. So, that is one. Now, second question as regard to who 
is better, the earlier Board is better or this Board is better, sir, I think we are no one, in fact, to 
answer that question, if you ask me to compare between Donald Trump or Joe Biden, who is 
better, Atal Bihari Vajpayee or Honorable Narendra Modi, so we are no one to answer that kind 
of question. So, that is a specific choice. In our opinion, earlier the Board was excellent, and the 
current Board is equally efficient and excellent. So, now, of course unfortunately, we face a few 
of the issues in past. We what all can say that issue to large extent has been addressed and now 
with the support of the entire board, entire management and all the employees and of course, our 
esteem shareholders like you, we are moving forward. The target, which your officers has just 
mentioned, we are marching to have a brighter future, so that is all from our side as of now. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the company management for closing comments. 
Abhinav Goyal: 
So, once again, a very good evening to all our esteemed shareholders. As addressed by our 
management team led by Mr. Mahendra Lodha, we are now focusing on growth. The future 
looks quite brighter from now. We are committed to making a contribution and to support the 
green infrastructure and upcoming sunshine sector. We are working in creation of value to all 
our stakeholders  firmly. We firmly believe to have improvement  in our performance with the 
passage of every quarter. We look forward to meeting you all once again with our yearly results. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PFS, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
******************************************* 
Note: This document has been edited to improve readability.  
