 
Adani Wilmar Ltd.                                                        Tel  +91 79 2645 5650 
Fortune House                                                             Fax +91 79 2645 5621 
Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing                            info@adaniwilmar.in  
Ahmedabad – 380 009                                               www.adaniwilmar.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L15146GJ1999PLC035320 
 
Registered Office: Fortune House, Nr. Navrangpura Railway Crossing, Ahmedabad 380 009, Gujarat, India 
Ref No: AWL/SECT/2023-2024/87 
 
February 6, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543458 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AWL 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call of Q3 of F.Y. 24 of Adani Wilmar Limited (“the 
Company’) 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated January 31, 2024 regarding audio 
recording of Q3 F.Y.24 Earnings call held on January 31, 2024. Please find attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Wilmar Limited 
 
 
 
 
Darshil Lakhia  
Company Secretary 
Memb. No. – ACS 20217 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a d a n i 
wilmar 
Darshil 
Mayank 
Lakhia
Digitally signed by 
Darshil Mayank 
Lakhia 
Date: 2024.02.06 
16:27:49 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Adani Wilmar Limited Q3 FY24 Results Conference 
Call” 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGSHU MALLICK – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR, ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
MR. SHRIKANT KANHERE – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
MR. SAUMIN SHETH – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER, 
ADANI WILMAR LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. KARAN BHUWANIA – ICICI SECURITIES 
adani 
wilmar 
For ii heillthy growing niltlon 
adani 
wilmar 
For ii heillthy growing niltlon 
ICICI Securities 
C 
H 
O 
R 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Adani Wilmar Q3 FY24 Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhuwania from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir.  
Karan Bhuwania: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. It’s our pleasure at ISEC to host Q3 FY24 Results 
Conference Call of Adani Wilmar. From the management today we have Mr. Angshu Mallick – 
CEO and Managing Director, Mr. Shrikant Kanhere – CFO and Mr. Saumin Sheth – Chief 
Operating Officer. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Angshu Mallick for his “Opening Remarks” and then post that 
we can open the floor for Q&A.  
Angshu Mallick: 
Welcome everyone here. Heartening to start with that after Q1 and Q2 losses we have turned 
around and we are back in the normal phase of top line and bottom line which is good. Retail 
penetration has increased. Now it's around 2.1 million outlets including direct and indirect 
coverage. Rural coverage has also increased. The market share has improved from 19.5% to 
19.8%.  
And overall edible oil packed has been growing – growth for up to 9 months has been around 
16% YoY which is quite good in terms of past records and food business in India domestic 
consumption has been growing at more than 40%. 
So, overall, a few things are very, very good and more Shrikant will take you through. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining this Call. 
As a ritual what I'll do is take you through a quick update on this Quarter: 
This quarter of course also remains an eventful quarter. I think for the last year we are looking 
at a lot of geopolitical events which we had never thought of but are happening. This quarter too 
was not different from other quarters.  
The recent Israel-Hamas war and the Red Sea conflict does pose some kind of supply chain 
threat on the food business where the container freights have gone up very high. Argentinian 
election and the populist government there has got a significant impact on the supply chain of 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
soya bean. Similarly, the Russia-Ukraine conflict continues to grow and therefore we have some 
kind of risk always on a sunflower supply chain. 
The edible oil prices at least now we can say have stabilized from as high as $2000 a ton same 
time last week last year to now close to $1,000 and below $1,000. So, which is a good and lower 
prices of course lead to higher demand and companies like us, who have got a greater market 
share certainly gain from this. 
On a supply chain demand for edible oil, India is expected to conclude this oil year which is 
November to October with closes to 16 million MT of imports and close to 24 to 25 million MT 
of consumption which is in line with the industry estimates made at the start of the oil year. 
On the food front, wheat prices continued to go up. They typically follow a cycle of lows at the 
time of harvest which is sometime in the month of March and April, and they steadily keep going 
up till the month of November and December and that's where then it starts falling.  
So, that cycle continues and therefore for a company like us our policy of procuring wheat at the 
time of harvest itself always pays up not only on the price, but also on the quality of the wheat 
flour which we are able to deliver to our customers. 
On industry growth trends, the recently published Nielsen data suggests that edible oil 
consumption continues to grow. The industry grew by 14% in Q1’24, followed by 12% in Q2’24 
and 4% in Q3’24. 
So, overall, the industry is consistently growing as far as edible oil is concerned which is 
contributed equally by urban as well as rural markets and growth in consumption certainly helps 
companies like us who have got a leading position on the market share. Wheat flour also similar 
story as the edible oil, the packed industry kept growing at 19% for the Q1’24, 13% for the 
Q2’24 and 3% for the Q3’24.  
So, overall good story years and same story is there when we see look at the basmati rice. 
So, this is a very quick update on the various fundamentals, parameters and various events that 
impact the business. 
Let's now talk straight on the performance for the Q3’24: 
For performance on Q3, as Mr. Mallick mentioned in his opening remarks, we're happy to see 
that there is a complete turnaround sequentially from the loss that we reported in the last quarter 
to profit and also what we have seen is now we are back to our normal run rate of EBITDA as 
well as PAT including the volume growth. 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
The gross profits for the quarter, at INR 1,630 Crores is quite good. When we look at same time 
last year it is down by close to 12%, of course because the oil business has delivered better 
(strong base quarter), however, on the food business we remained a little bit aggressive in terms 
of pricing and therefore food didn't deliver the way it has delivered same time same quarter last 
year. 
As far as EBITDA is concerned, as I said - we are more or less now back to our original run rate 
of close to 550 crores, 530 crores of EBITDA for the quarter, second highest EBITDA for us in 
last I think 12 quarters. 
On the edible oil front, the branded sales for the 9-month continued to grow at 16% year-on-
year, very healthy growth for the edible oil segment. Capacity utilizations are in the range of 
55% to 60%. So, we still have good headroom available as far as the capacities are concerned to 
take on any growth that we can get in the next couple of years. 
The ROCP market share, as Mr. Mallick mentioned in his opening remarks - we were able to 
consolidate this market share from 19.5% to 19.8%. So, for a leader every consolidation of 
market share is a good story. It is not that how much of market share you have been able to grow. 
I think a leader, if he is able to maintain his market share, itself is a very big achievement and so 
we have been growing on market share. 
Similarly, when we look at the wheat flour business also our market share has gone up by 50 
basis points from 4.7% to now close to 5.4%. 
On our overall Company highlights: 
The volume grew by 5% year-on-year (YoY) as well as quarter-over-quarter (QoQ) sequential 
volume growth of 5%. The revenue sequentially grew by 5%, but year-on-year revenues are 
down by 17%, which are more in line with the lower raw material cost which have been kind of 
a pass through for us.  
The company recorded the second highest standalone EBITDA for INR 530 crores. However, it 
is lower by 15% year-on-year due to the strong base quarter as well as I said earlier we were 
little aggressive on the food business on pricing. In fact, within the foods business, while the 
basket grew by close to 20%, but our wheat flour business grew by more than 45% and that's 
very encouraging for us. 
We are improving on the brand mix; our rural demand continues to drive our volumes and that 
is there something which we feel very happy about and those are the big highlights for the 
quarter. As far as the edible oil is concerned, the volumes are slightly flattish of course because 
we saw little bit slump in the edible oil consumption in the month of December, but as we are 
seeing in January I think we are back in the kind of volume demand which we saw in October 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
and November. So, I hope the Quarter 4 on demand side and the volume side will be better than 
Quarter 3.  
The branded volume of course grew more than the overall edible oil segment and the raw 
material price are now more or less stable. We did see the high volatility of soya prices in Q3 
due to the domestic economic situation in Argentina.  
On food and FMCG metrics, our revenue grew by 26% for the 9 months as against 55% growth 
that we saw in FY23 and 38% we saw in 22, but I think this drop in food revenue is more to do 
with the rice export ban which India has put in and therefore we are not able to export the rice 
which is more of a non-basmati rice. Basmati rice export is still happening out of India.  
Capacity utilizations on the food plant continues to be in the range of 50% to 55%. The food 
FMCG revenue as such grew by close to 26%. Branded food is scaling up very fast. As I said, 
wheat business grew close to 45% and we are slowly getting strong in the southern market, 
which are more remunerative market for us and of course we are scaling our branded food 
exports in more markets as we go forward.  
On general trade distribution, I think good story to report now our overall reach is close to 2.1 
million outlets with a direct reach of close to 6.8 lakh outlet. Rural coverage of now close to 
27,500 plus towns. So, of course we have a target of taking these 27,500 to 30,000 towns by the 
end of this year and of course rural saliency remains at 30%, 31%, which is good story that that 
shows that with urban the rural demand is also picking up. 
On direct reach of course when if you compare with March ‘20, there is a 2.3x growth and in 
terms of rural town coverage as compared to March ‘20, there is 8.5 and so of course the 
distribution remains a very focused area for us because we know that distribution will take our 
food business to the next level.  
On general trade update: 
I think we are quite well placed on distribution and network expansion we are going deeper and 
deeper into existing towns and we're trying to capture the demand. On brand activities I will not 
dwell much upon this there are a lot of Fortune brand commercials that we released to sell our 
products.  
On channel performance: 
I think branded export is one thing which we have been able to grow more than by 80% in 9 
months, which is very good. HoReCa is the segment where our focus is now. We have been 
growing slows though it is very small segment as of today, but it is growing quite well and we 
are very optimistic on this e-commerce and modern trade which is growing very fast for us.  
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
To summarize: 
I think the company has brought the focus on HoReCa and of course all the three channels are 
growing very fast as far as the branded sales are concerned. On the new product launch, finally 
we have launched a premium Fortune atta which is Sharbati Atta, and the biryani kit which was 
there in the domestic market, now we are pushing it more and more into the export markets and 
export now accounts for more than 44% of our biryani kit sales in Q3’24.  
Going forward, there are a lot of marketing BTL activities and social media engagements have 
been done which I will skip to save the time and I will straight away go to the financial 
performance. So, on financial performance on the segment level quarter over quarter 
sequentially edible oil grew by 11% whereas year-on-year growth is flattish, food and FMCG 
grew by 17% and industry essential grew by 17% year-on-year.  
On 9M, the edible oil grew by 8% and within this 8% as I said earlier the packed oil grew by 
16% and the food grew by 19% and industry essential by 20%. The food continues to contribute 
close to 17% to 18% of overall volumes of the company which is good. We have plans to take 
it to close to 25% by end of FY25.  
On the revenue front, of course, the drop in revenue is in line with the raw material prices led 
primarily by the edible oil segment. However, the food FMCG revenues went up by 25% and 
industry essential revenue were flattish in line with again here also in line with the raw material 
prices correction.  
When you look at segment results, this is what I was explaining earlier - the entire profitability 
for this quarter is driven by the edible oil turnaround. I think on a year-on-year basis the segment 
profit has gone up by 15% from INR 258 Crores in December 22 to INR 297 Crores for 
December 23. 
Food FMCG has gone down as I said earlier also that on food and FMCG we had been very, 
very aggressive in some of the markets as far as the food is concerned and that's how and it has 
been reflecting in our wheat flour business improvement also which have grown by 45% year-
on-year.  
So, overall, when you look at the financial performance, the volume growth for the 9 months of 
5% and of course the EBITDA and PAT are down as because of the pressure from the food and 
FMCG business. For the quarter, we have been able to deliver the volume, we have been able to 
deliver the revenue and now we are more or less there as far as the run rate of EBITDA and the 
run rate of the PAT is concerned.  
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
So, overall things have changed for us in this quarter and as we go forward in Q4, I think we 
should continue with the performance which we have been able to post in this Q3. In fact, we 
do have a vision of giving better numbers as we get into a Q4. 
With this, I end this presentation and will not dwell much upon this, you can certainly go through 
the presentation which has been uploaded on the site and then I open the floor now for the 
question answers and we would be happy to answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Avanish Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Avanish Roy: 
My first question is on edible oil. The volumes are flat. The other listed company also saw dip 
in volumes. So, whenever we see sharp inflation followed by sharp deflation generally the local 
players come back, so wanted to understand the competitive intensity I'm not referring to the 
market share data because that can or cannot capture the real situation on ground.  
I wanted to understand are you happy with the flat volumes you have seen given festival season 
this time there was the full benefit unlike last year when it was split between Q2, Q3 plus the 
marriage demand was also very strong. In that context flat volumes and local players if you could 
discuss in terms of competitive situation? 
Angshu Mallick: 
The flat volume is at the company level, but when you look at the packed versus the institution 
of supply that we make to the frying industry like the chips and wafers, people or to the snack 
foods or biscuit manufacturer that has actually declined, but packed oil has grown at around 5% 
in Q3 overall obviously 16% growth. 
Now when you look at this Q3 last year also the Q3 was very, very big and marriage season of 
course this year is also there last year was also there. Last year Quarter 3 was big quarter for us 
this year also it was like that. So, I don't think the smaller players have taken in share because 
the market prices have come down which has made the edible oil affordable. 
So, all the brands have done at these levels only and Nielsen also says the overall market has 
grown by around 4%, 5% in Q3 and that is what has happened with us also. 
Avanish Roy: 
My second question is on the Argentina soya issue in terms of the political development there 
and the container cost which has gone up sharply. So, could you discuss what can be the impact 
because after many quarters you have seen finally a stable quarter with 3.94% EBITDA margins 
which is a good number, but do you see the margins coming at risk because of the Argentina 
development or the container cost escalation? 
Angshu Mallick: 
I think Argentina's major issue was the currency that is the blue currency and the official 
currency, and the farmers were reluctant to supply at the pet currency because that was much 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
lower than the blue currency that was going on in the market and so the supply was less and last 
year Argentina was really under drought.  
So, they had less than 25-million-ton crop. This year the sowing is good, and everything goes 
well the crop is expected to be at least 45 million tons now somebody is saying 50, but then 45 
to 50 million tons to double the crop.  
So, the Argentina’s are very happy about it. This year agriculture is going to be good. The new 
president is also good in terms of bringing stability and at least making the currency closer in 
official and the blue that they call is much closer now, so that is good.  
We don't see any disruption of supply from Argentina or Brazil. Brazil also has a wonderful crop 
125 million tons, and the harvest has started, processing will start from February. So, February 
onwards the supply chain will improve. So, soyabean we are not at all worried. 
As far as the Red Sea is concerned this issue is more now on containers that goes to Europe, US 
even Jeddah. Some of the places where it passes through the container freight has gone up. One 
it has gone up. Second availability has also shrunk because lot of cargo has got stuck or 
something. So, our problem is that rice exports that we have done to this country. So, there is 
some slowness it should improve if the situation improved, but there is some amount of increase 
in freight now that freight can be $30-$40 a ton can increase on a cargo of $1,100. 
Avanish Roy: 
Last question on the rice now could you discuss are you happy till now with the acquisition the 
kind of development you have seen in terms of either market presence or market share? Second 
is the top two players are extremely large versus you in India branded rice they have a very 
strong supply chain and strong relationship with the mandis with a lot of experience of many 
decades.  
So, in that context where you are given, you also have done an acquisition, so you must have 
gained some of the knowhow in terms of this. So, if you could discuss the gap and how do want 
to close that gap in terms of sourcing? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See last year in this time we were operating from 4 or 5 units in the country. Today I am operating 
out of 13 units in the country out of which 2 are our owned and 11 are I have taken the full 
factory and managing it ourselves to our staff and running it as if it is ours.  
Now we have increased our footprint surely now we are available and processing paddy to rice 
in Bihar, UP Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Bengal, Punjab, Haryana. So, we are now there 
Maharashtra I'm starting very soon near Nagpur.  
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
I'm also working at Andhra Pradesh. So, we are starting there. So, I think what we have decided 
is that we will go to every state wherever rice is available and we will convert Rabi to rice and 
build that business closer to the market that is one.  
Two, we have started taking a lot of graduate agriculture graduates just as we take the graduate 
engineers and put them as GET. Similarly, we have taken graduating agriculture trainees and 
putting them in the market to work with FPOs, to work with the farmers and bring a closer 
connect between the farmer FPO and AWL factories.  
Now that we are doing to ensure we get into the roofs. We are working continuously on it. Yes, 
I would agree with you that we don't have so much expertise in contract farming or rice growing 
business with these farmers, but surely we have bought paddy this time basmati paddy from 125 
market yards out of 250 what they call.  
So, 125 means the potential ones we have gone, and we have put our people and we are sourcing 
from them and I think we are a serious buyer in paddy this year people have seen our purchase. 
Avanish Roy: 
One last follow up on rice only so we see top two players advertise heavily. One has been a 
brand sponsor of Master Chef India and the other has also been doing extremely strong 
advertising. So, mass media advertising I don't see much of Kohinoor or your own rice, is that 
depending upon the development of the core expertise, which is still yet to be built, is that 
depending upon that? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes only rice I am saying possibly is higher than number two brand that is what I know because 
that is what statistics I have seen. You may not have seen it much is another issue because 
possibly we are not available in all the business channels, but still we were there Kohinoor has 
the new ad that we have made, has turn out to be one of the best ads as per their research by 
some agency that it's the top 5 we called ad which highlights on the aroma and absolutely 
different type of style and all that.  
Now surely advertisement of one year, two year doesn't make much you look at there's 
competition doing it for 10 years, 15 years. In oil you will find that we are visible much more 
visible than anybody that is because over the years we have put it, but surely going forward you 
will see us in many of the places and we have also taken such type of programs wherever we 
feel that the brand and the program has connect. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, a competitor of yours recently on the concall said that they made a statement that the edible 
oil prices have bottomed down and the worst is over for this industry right now and things will 
only look up from here.  
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
So, what's your view on this and how do you see pricing and demand shaping up margins also 
for players like you shaping up over the next two, three years in the space edible oil space? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Edible oil industry what we always fear is sharp decline or sharp increase. Sharp increase 
obviously good because most of us are long physically, but when it comes to sharp decline we 
are all afraid because you don't get much time to cover yourself, but the edible oil prices have 
been steady, and the hedge is now in tandem. It is not reversed. Earlier what happened CBOT 
was going up, India was coming down. So, you were lost in both places.  
Now the hedges are in tandem and it's a little much more safer business I would say. Going 
forward if these oil prices remain like this or even it reduces and gradually it reduces the way 
that is happening now we see better because brands always do well when commodity prices are 
lower that is one.  
Two consumption is always high of staples when the prices are low. Both the things will surely 
help us to do well because the brand Fortune will gain when the prices are lowering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Krishnan from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Sir just wanted to understand on the branded segment, what are the key drivers that we are 
monitoring in and do we expect any further acceleration down the line and what is that we can 
actually look in for that? 
Angshu Mallick: 
In brands we normally monitor one supply chain because the demand shoots up many times 
because these are staples. So, we have to ensure that we have excellent supply chains. So, 
possibly we have the largest number of manufacturing points, and we have 93 depots across the 
country far-flung areas including Srinagar and Leh and all that.  
So, stocks are available 10,000 distributors handling our products, many of them all the products 
and many of them are exclusive. So, the supply chain is one. Two is the retail universe 
increasing? Is our direct coverage increasing? So, we have seen that our direct coverage now 
around 6,60,000 which we started the year at around 4,75,000 or 5,00,000 and we hope to go up 
to 1 million in another year or so.  
Indirect coverage is also increasing, which Neilson is saying is growing and has grown at 2.14 
million, which in itself is a very good figure. Third is the absolute market share which has grown 
from 19.5 to 19 points to that peers are looking at.  
We look at what is the volume that the retailer is handling what we call as PDO. So, all these 
things matters. Apart from that let me tell you our boys give us hints that competition is weak in 
this area, competition and the supply chain is tight and we should gear up fast. So, we don't take 
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
much time to react and all of us get into the act and just blast with our volumes that is our strength 
areas. So, these are the things that we do. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
One more question just a follow up I just want to understand the performance trend that's been 
seen through the quarter. So, just want to can this help us in quantifying the October versus 
November versus December trends that we are seeing in? 
Angshu Mallick: 
In terms of volumes or sales or something? 
Akshay Krishnan: 
On the overall level both the sales and the volumes? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Packed oil did highest in October, basmati rice, Kohinoor did highest 6,500 ton in December. 
So, OND was very good because basmati rice season starts in October as October, but December 
was very good for us for domestic basmati rice business. This trend continues also January-
February-March. Our oleochemical business has done very well. Let me tell you, we are almost 
25% of the country is glycerin suppliers.  
We almost have 33% market share of stearic acid in the country, 11% soap noodles so that 
business also except for soap noodle other two products were doing very well in bonding. Castor 
oil was good. Castor oil exports were very good so that has been helpful for us.  
Overall, October, November and December, October volume was very, very good. November 
was a little medium and then December was low. So, that is how it is, but volume wise it was a 
good quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Maybe for my lack of knowledge, but this question more pertains to understanding how do we 
track the prices of let's say mustard oil and soyabean oil for those type of edible oils how do we 
track the raw material prices? Do we just link it to crude oil or is there some other way you 
recommend us to track those prices? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Mustard oil I will tell you is simple the prices are available in exchanges, Solvent Extractors 
Association regularly issue these brokers are there we supply the racks on a daily basis, but for 
us we buy mustard seed. We are possibly one of the largest mustard seed buyers and processors.  
So, we keep track of mustard seed available in Haryana, Rajasthan UP and we are buying oil in 
9 places. So, overall, we get a feel of the country's supply chain now and that is how we ensure 
one raw material, and we ensure the raw material prices are least cost basis.  
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 

 
Adani Wilmar Limited  
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
So, whichever is cheaper we buy from that area as seed also we go by land tracking, but for you, 
you can get into Solvent Extractors Association and you will get their report monthly, daily I 
don't think they will, but they are giving weekly rates. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
And one more question was for the end edible oil product what is the percentage of imports that 
come into the country? 
Angshu Mallick: 
See today we consume roughly around 23 million tons and domestic is around 9 million ton then 
16 is imported. So, two-third, one-third.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, out of this import is there any import duty? 
Angshu Mallick: 
Yes 5.5% import on crude oil. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
And is the company lobbying for a higher import duty in the future or you guys happy with this 
equation right now? 
Angshu Mallick: 
No, I will always say if the duty is less prices of commodity is less volatility will be good and 
manageable and consumers will find the prices attractive and will consume more. End of the day 
lower prices help, but then if you look at the farmer surely they are worried because in soyabean 
if you have seen recently in MP the rates are lower than the MSP. So, there is some amount of 
discussion going on. So, from a consumer point of view lower duty is good. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Shrikant Kanhere: 
On behalf of the Management of AWL, I would like to thank the participants for taking out time 
and joining our call and listening to us. Do keep tracking our numbers, do keep tracking us on a 
quarterly basis and do connect with us for any connect with us offline also for any explanation 
or queries which you have around the business model. Thank you very much. 
Angshu Mallick: 
Thank you all for attending and hope to continue with this trend Q4 onwards, lot of activities are 
going on in AWL and I hope we continue with our good performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
adani 
wilmar 
For a healthy growing nation 
