 
 
 
 
 
 
February 20, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot C 1 – G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: SHRIRAMPPS 
BSE Limited 
Dept of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543419 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor / Analyst Meet  
 
Further to our intimation of conference call with Investors/ Analyst, we enclose the transcript 
of the conference call held on February 14, 2024.  
 
The 
above 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
our 
Company 
at 
https://www.shriramproperties.com/financials 
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you                  
Regards 
 
For Shriram Properties Limited 
 
 
 
D. Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
FCS 5550 
 
 
 
 
Duraiswa
my 
Srinivasan
Digitally signed 
by Duraiswamy 
Srinivasan 
Date: 2024.02.20 
10:00:58 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Shriram Properties Limited Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURALI MALAYAPPAN – CEO & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - SHRIRAM PROPERTIES LIMITED 
MR. GOPALAKRISHNAN – SHRIRAM PROPERTIES 
LIMITED 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Shriram Properties Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY'24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements about the Company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. 
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murali Malayappan – CEO & M.D. from Shriram 
Properties. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Murali Malayappan: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening to everyone. Firstly, let me extend a 
warm welcome to all our esteemed investors and analysts. The meeting provides me an 
opportunity to connect, share and discuss about our “Operation and Financial Performance”. 
Earlier today, the Board has adopted Q3 & 9M FY'24 Financials. We would like to discuss the 
Financial Performance in detail. Before that, I would like to announce our entry into the Pune 
region. For some time, we have been evaluating new market opportunities and finally, the deal 
is crystallized. We will be launching the Project during late-March or early-April this year. Pune 
has been among top performers in tier-1 cities and we are confident Pune region will contribute 
significantly towards the growth of the Company. 
Coming to our “Operational Performance”; 
 
We recorded sales of 1.1 million square feet during the quarter. With this our nine-months  
FY'24 sales stands at 3 million square feet, which translate to year-on-year growth of 12% 
for nine-months. We also reported highest ever 9 months collections of  Rs.1,055 crores. 
 
During the quarter, we have successfully Pre-Launched First Phase of Shriram 122 West 
Project in Chennai. During our launch, we saw the presence of our 800 channel partners in 
the event, which is tremendously encouraging. 
 
During the quarter, we reported total revenues of Rs.241 crores with net profits of Rs.18.5 
crores. 
 
We saw OC led temporary slowdown in handover and revenue recognition momentum 
during Q3. I strongly believe our earnings will gain significant momentum as we have 
packed schedule of handovers in Q4, which will boost Q4 revenues. 
 
The Company is optimistic about its future. There is promising demand for housing, 
especially in the mid-market and aspirational segment, and positive market trends are 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 21 
encouraging. With the robust operational foundation and solid pipeline of projects, we are 
well positioned to take advantages of industry's ongoing consolidation. 
I would like to ask my colleague, Mr. Gopal, to briefly discuss the performance with you. I will 
be happy to answer any questions you might have thereafter. 
Gopalakrishnan: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. As Mr. Murali pointed out, we had earnings announcement 
earlier today. Subsequently, a presentation is made available on the website of the Company and 
the Stock Exchanges. I assume, all of you had access to it. If not, please access them from our 
website or the stock exchange websites. I will be using this presentation for walking you through 
the performance, over the next 30 to 40 minutes. 
I am looking at Slide #3 of the presentation on the public domain. It basically summarizes the 
KPIs. As was pointed out by Mr. Murali, we ended the quarter with about 1.11 million square 
feet of sales, roughly 6% growth year-on-year. Sales value is almost flat at Rs.588 crores. 
Collections are at Rs.334 crores, well above the Rs.100 crores per month-mark and reflects a 
34% growth year-on-year. About 787 units were handed-over during the quarter, reflects a 
growth of about 48% year-on-year.  
While we have seen meaningful growth, the quantum of growth has been muted, especially in 
Q3, due to some adversities. I will explain them in the next slide. Primarily those external factors 
delayed or deferred some of the launches as well as delayed in receipt of OC, forced us to 
postpone handovers and registrations, thus income recognition got hurt. I will explain them in 
the next slide. 
Before I do, I wanted to just summarize the performance on a year-to-date basis.  
For the nine-months ended Dec’23, our overall volumes stood at 3.03 million square feet, up 
12% year-on-year. Sales value at around Rs.1,654 crores was up 22% year-on-year. Collections 
are above  the Rs.1,000 crore mark, and our handovers to-date stand at 1,619 units, reflecting a 
29% year-on-year growth. More importantly, on sales volumes, value and collection, we are in 
the 70-odd-percent of overall annual target. So, we have about 30%-odd to be captured in Q4. 
We are very confident of doing that and I will explain that in the subsequent slides. 
Moving to Slide #4, I talked about the muted growth in Q3. There were primarily three or four 
factors that hurt us and made it a challenging quarter operationally. And they are primarily 
external factors beyond our control. In the Tamil Nadu or Chennai markets, we had  
unprecedented rains and huge floods in Chennai as well as in other parts of Tamil Nadu. The 
Chennai floods had direct impact on us. Unfortunately, it happened just before the inauspicious 
month – called Margazhi - which starts by mid-December and ends mid-January. Therefore, we 
nearly lost about 40 - 45 days of momentum, that slowed down our launches. Actually, launches 
moved from November to December end for one of our projects called Shriram122 West, which 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 21 
was the only launch we had in Q3. This is the second project on the ASK platform which got 
soft launched in December end and could have generated some volumes. I will explain the 
volume loss as well. 
We also had a delayed plan approval or subsequent delayed RERA in one of our projects in 
Bangalore, where prolonged process as well as certain jurisdictional ambiguity (between BBMP 
and local authority). That caused delay in one of our projects called Shriram Sapphire (which 
was originally called Sanath, now it's called Shriram Sapphire) that is getting launched now. So, 
Chennai got launched towards the end of the quarter and Bangalore got deferred to Q4, which 
we will be launching in February. We got the RERA yesterday. 
Similarly, we had some delays in receipt of OCs, that impacted us on handover of units and thus 
income recognition got pushed. As I said, we could hand over only 780 units during the quarter. 
That could have been much higher. Just to put it in context, we got 1000+ units related OCs were 
received only towards the last week of December or early January. So, that's the kind of quantum 
of the revenue recognition or handover that got pushed to Q4. 
As a result of all of this, actually we had volume, value and income recognition impact. Almost 
on a conservative basis, if I look at what could have these volumes done, we lost at least 250,000 
square feet of volume from what could have been done in Q3, got moved to Q4. It’s not lost, it’s 
just deferred. So, we are not that worried, but from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, we got a hit 
on it from a volume perspective. 
Similarly, as I said on handovers, we lost the opportunity to handover and revenue recognize 
more in Q3. The quantum of loss of revenue recognition is around Rs. 130 to 145 crores that got 
deferred. It is quarter-to-quarter mismatch; it's deferred not a loss of revenues. We are confident 
of capturing this in Q4, but for Q3 we lost it. Collections too were lower to some extent. If the 
launches had happened and if handovers had happened, those related collections should have 
come to us in Q3. 
So, that's the kind of impact we went through. Despite that, we managed to clock the quarter 
with a marginal growth in volume, near flat sales value and a meaningful growth in collection. 
But for these four factors, we would have actually done even better in terms of both volume, as 
I said, 0.25 million square feet got lost which would have put us in a very strong double digit 
growth in volume terms in Q3. 
Slide #5: Actually gives the same message but goes into detail of each project what happened. 
As you would see from Slide #5, most of these external factors have now come under control.  
Obviously, the flood issue is also behind everybody now. The OC and approval related issues 
are behind us. Except for Adde Vishwanathapura, which is a launch that was originally planned 
for Q4, is still being targeted for Q4 where we are at an advanced stage of plan approval and 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 21 
beyond this one, the remaining three projects are well under control. So, we think we should be 
able to end the quarter with four launches. I'll explain that in the subsequent slides. But other 
than that, most of launch and volume-related factors are within our control now, No regulatory 
or licensing approvals required at this point of time. 
From an OC perspective, all of these OCs have come except for Phase-1 of Park 63 in Chennai 
which is still awaited from CMDA, the local body in Chennai. All other OCs have been received 
already with a 30-45 days delay, but are in our hands now and registrations have commenced. 
Therefore, we are therefore confident that we will cover most of the 3,000 units handover targets 
that we had for full year. We are currently at 1,600 plus as at December. We are very confident 
that we will be in the 2,800- 3,000 units handover targets by the end of March. 
Slide #6: I made a comment when in the earlier slide saying nine-month performance is around 
68% to 70% of our annual targets. This slide tries to give you comfort that this is not an unusual 
number. The 30-35% of annual target to be achieved in Q4 is not an unusual number for us. Q4 
is traditionally the strongest quarter for us both in terms of volume and value. Therefore, we 
remain very confident of capturing the gap. We are targeting for four launches, of which three 
plan approvals done, RERA done, one project is awaiting is in an advanced stage, we are likely 
to receive the demand node anytime soon, which will put us in a reasonable time for launching 
this fourth project by end of March in Bangalore. I have another slide to explain the individual 
project details. 
So, overall, we believe Q4 targets are in sync with our historical Q4 trends. Most of the factors 
are under our control now. We believe, we should be able to catch up and deliver full year 
numbers, give and take small variances. 
Slide#8: Looking at the overall snapshot for nine-months, as I said a couple of times earlier, 
3.03 million square feet of total sales so far, 12% growth year-on-year, aggregate sales value at 
Rs.1,654 crores, 22% growth year-on-year. I explained about the Q3 already. Collections are 
above the 1,000-crores mark, reflecting 20% growth year-on-year. Construction momentum has 
been very encouraging and strong. As we said in the last earning call, we started construction at 
some of our newly launched projects during Q3, including our latest project Shriram Esquire in 
Koramangala. So, all new projects have got onto construction mode now. And majority of focus 
in Q3 was on project completion and handover related activities and therefore the machine was 
focused on Q3 completions. With most of these projects now reached the OC stage (i.e., 
whatever is due for FY'24 income recognition), now the machine will be fully focused on 
ramping-up activity in other ongoing projects. So, very comfortable with construction activity. 
In a subsequent slide, you will be see the fact that all handovers that we are doing are ahead of 
RERA timelines.  That's why internal machine was being pushed to achieve this deadline so that 
we are able to demonstrate to customers that we are now delivering ahead of RERA timeline 
consistently . I think we have reached that milestone very comfortably during Q3. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 21 
Focusing on financial performance; it has been a satisfactory nine-months, could have been 
better, but for the Q3 adversities, but are very confident, as I said earlier, it is not lost revenue 
and  volume, but only a deferral and we are very confident of catch up in Q4. Therefore, nine 
months seems reasonably comfortable or satisfactory for us. 
EBITDA is up 14%, PBT is up 11%, PAT is about Rs.55 crores compared to Rs.68 crores for the 
full year last year. So, I think we have covered a large part of the ground from the financial 
perspective as well. I think Q4 has a lot of work to be done but we are confident of getting the 
work done and delivering a strong earnings growth for the full year. 
EBITDA margins are stable at around 25%. As we have always maintained, we are confident of 
maintaining our EBITDA in the mid-20s and our nine months is very close to that benchmark. 
In fact, it has moved up from 23% in 9M last year to about 25%. So, I think very comfortable 
picture on the margin front. 
As I said, earnings could have been stronger or would have been stronger, but for delayed OCs 
and now that the factors are within our control, I think we should catch up. 
Cash from operation is an interesting trend there. Free cash from operations has been at around 
Rs.178 crores compared to about Rs.115 crores for the entire full year FY'23. So, there's a 
reasonable pick-up on cash unlocking from projects. And it got utilized for prepaying or repaying 
some debt as well as on new project investments. I will show you a cash flow side subsequently. 
Interest costs have been flat for the nine months. Including one-time costs that we incurred and 
non-cash charge for Government of West Bengal royalty that we provide every quarter, overall 
finance costs for the nine months is up by around 15%. But, that is largely because of interest 
cost associated with the acquisition of a project in Chennai (Shriram122 West as it is called now). 
This acquisition had some associated interest cost, until we transferred it to the ASK platform. 
This one-time cost is creating the distortion, but otherwise the actual interest cost is almost flat. 
Cost of debt is stabilizing at around 11.5% and we believe, it has reached reasonable stability. 
We are continuing to work on further reduction, but I think, incremental progress will be slow 
as we have reached a kind of a plateau in current markets. Our efforts on refinancing activities 
are continuing to bring down the rates apart from gross debt itself. 
On the business development, as Mr. Murali pointed out, the board today approved entry into 
the Pune Market. I will explain more in detail in a couple of slides down the line, but an exciting 
moment for us since, we are entering a new market after some gap. We are focused on making 
it a successful entry. Pune markets reflects very similar to our current operations. I'll explain that 
in the subsequent slides in a few minutes. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 21 
Project pipeline remains strong. Despite all the completions that we are doing, we still have 
about 44 million square feet of development potential, out of which 23, 24 million is ongoing 
and therefore we have 20 million square feet of future potential, comprising of some deferred 
projects of about 7, 8 million square feet and about 12, 13 million square feet of projects getting 
ready for launches. So, overall, it's a meaningful pipeline that we have and therefore growth 
momentum should be sustained. 
Logos, I'll explain that whole thing in detail. The only thing we are waiting for is the Government 
of West Bengal approval where we have some reasonable traction on it in terms of the approvals 
as well as our ongoing discussions with them on the other aspects of Bengal, which is the 
Government of West Bengal litigation that we have in royalty payments and all that. We'll give 
an update towards the end of this presentation. 
Overall, but for some minor time deferred activity or minor setbacks in terms of deferral of some 
volumes and revenue recognition, the trend for Q3 has been good as well as the nine-months has 
been satisfactory in that context. 
Slide #9 just captures exactly what I said earlier in graphical form. So, I'll kind of skip it for 
now. If you have any questions, We will discuss. 
I want to spend a minute on the Slide #10 on the launches. I would like to focus on the bottom 
table. As I said, we are targeting four launches in Q4. Out of which, Shriram Sapphire is the 
Bangalore project that got deferred from Q3, but now RERA is received and so the project will 
go live now. 
Shriram Shubham, which is a new plotted development adjacent to our existing project called 
Shriram One City, where we have done reasonably well in terms of sales velocity and pricing of 
plots. This is an adjacent land where the acquisition and related process is completed. Launch 
preparation is underway already. 
Pune, as I said, this project is at a near-ready stage. Last mile activity is pending. But we are 
confident of launching by end March / early April.  
Adde Vishwanathpura is the project I think is at the last leg of approval. Demand note is expected 
anytime soon. Market seeding will happen sometime in March. 
If you may recall that some people have asked us in the earlier call that we used to have a few 
more launches planned for FY’24, what happened to them? As you could see from the right-
hand side box, most of these were related to Kolkata. Due to ongoing positive developments in 
Kolkata (on the GoWB side), we have deferred chasing these approvals. Therefore, they are 
postponed, most likely in FY'25. But volume impact of these launches will not be significant 
because entire salable potential in those projects would have been only about 7 lakh square feet. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 21 
So, we're not unduly worried about the number of launches because square foot involved are 
very small. 
Moving to Slide #11 on the pricing, we have consistently shown this. For nine-month period, 
average price improvement at a portfolio level is about 15%. This is adjusted for couple of 
projects that have been removed because of high per square foot realization in these projects and 
thus will distort. So, on a comparable basis, at a portfolio level, we are 15% higher compared to 
about 6% to 7% that the Bangalore markets have seen, and about 4% increase that the Chennai 
markets have seen, based on publicly available data. Bottomline is that we have done better than 
market averages and is a reflection of success of our conscious effort to upgrade the portfolio 
and moving up the price curve to bring down the gap between us and our competition. 
Another important fact is that we remain meaningfully above the 6,000-mark in the mid-market 
segments. As some of you may recall, your queries and questions about low pricing that we used 
to sell earlier, just as a benchmark, we used to sell our average mid-market products  below 5,000 
mark in FY'21-22. So, from there, we have come a long way to Rs.6,200 in the last two years or 
so, and that's an encouraging trend.  
We are confident that the game is not over and we are on a right track. We need to move up the 
price curve further and bring down the gap between us and our competition. We will continue to 
work towards it. 
On the execution and handover, Slide #12, most of the OCs have now come and therefore we 
are confident of capitalizing on these 1,400 units OCs to accelerate handovers during Q4. We 
wish that it was received in Nov/Dec, but be that what it may, and we have now received them 
by the end of Dec / early Jan’24. Team is working hard to clock all the registrations in each of 
these projects. 
Shriram Greenfield, Chirpingwoods, Liberty Square and Southern Crest, the four projects are in 
Bangalore. Temple Bells and Park 63 2A phase is in Chennaiand Park 63 2A is the only project 
where we have commenced the registration in few towers, and we are expecting the partial OC 
for remaining towers in the next few days. So, once it comes that will also be done. Except for 
this few towers or one phase, all of the OCS are under control with us. 
Shifting attention to Slide #14, Financial Highlights for Nine Months: As I said earlier in the 
summary, satisfactory nine-months with near flat revenues, EBITDA is up 14%, PBT 11% and 
net profit at Rs.55.3 crores, marginally higher than nine-months last year. I explained most of it. 
Therefore, I will not repeat but suffice to say that our Q3 suffered, but we are confident of 
recouping them because they are just deferral, not lost and therefore we are confident of our full 
year numbers. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 21 
The big event that happened in the nine-months are (i) the acquisition of project and dropping it 
into ASK platform; and (ii) the reacquisition of JV interest in Shriram Park 63 from Mitsubishi 
Corporation, our erstwhile partner in the project. I think the impact of Park63 re-acquisition is 
already showing up to some extent in the financials, but that project came with a big opportunity 
as well as some burden along with it.  
The opportunity was very simple. It was derisked project with almost 75% sold, phase-I is 
handed over, phase-II is at an advanced stage of construction. If we acquire 70% interest from 
Mitsubishi, we were getting Rs.500 crores of incremental revenue for SPL because from a JV, it 
becomes a subsidiary and we will be capturing 100% revenue interest and that's why we acquired 
this project and associated profitability. The burden I referred relates to increase in gross debt 
and associated interest. Our gross debt moved up from Rs.350 crores in Q1 this year to about 
Rs.500 crores in Q2 this year, and therefore associated interest which will continue for a couple 
of more quarters till we give them a full exit in December '24. We have paid first two tranches 
out of three tranches. In September’23 and December '23, we paid two tranches already to 
Mitsubishi and the final settlement will happen in December '24. We expect to do it from project 
cash flows itself.  
DM has shown significant stability, remains a large contributor to volume, remains a 10% share 
of revenue as a DM fee and therefore that stability is an interesting one and is gaining further 
momentum with some of the new projects to be launched are coming from DM segment. 
Shifting to actual numbers, on Slide #15. I will give a brief highlights on these numbers. First, 
Nine months '24 versus nine-months ’23, first two columns,  
- 
Revenue growth is muted primarily due to the OC-led handover delay suffered in Q3 as I 
said couple of times already. 60% of the revenues today were driven by recently completed 
projects. The first nine-months of all completionS that we have done plus impact of some 
of the OCs that have come towards the end of December.  
- 
DM fee accounted for 10% of revenues, driven by three Bangalore projects. New projects 
in Chennai, which we did the soft launch in December, that will start showing impact now. 
- 
The cost of revenue has dropped 14%, primarily reflects project mix impact because 
projects that reached revenue recognition threshold in Q3 were high margin businesses, and 
therefore the proportionate change in cost is lower. 
- 
EBITDA margins at 25% compared to 21% in nine-months '23. We have increasing 
confidenc  on stabilizing this margin at around mid-20s, not just in '24, but also in the 
coming years. 
- 
As I said earlier, overall finance cost is up 15%, but actual interest expense remained flat. 
Just to differentiate, finance cost includes two other components other than interest 
expense. One is the unwinding impact of the Government of West Bengal royalty that we 
keep accumulating. The big delta came from Rs. 12 crores burden associated with the 
acquisition of a new project (viz., Shriram 122 West) that I explained a minute ago. So, 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 21 
therefore, interest expense is nearly flat and that gives us comfort. I will come to the Q3 in 
a minute.  
- 
PBT is marginally higher at about Rs.64 crores. Share of JV is nearly zero. The income 
recognized in Park 63 now is being a subsidiary will go into total revenue. Share of JV 
therefore reflects all our other partnerships, three joint ventures with land owners in 
Bangalore, two joint ventures with ASK as our financial partner. These are the five JVs that 
we have. 
- 
Net profit is at Rs.55.3 crores, is up 5% year-on-year and despite the deferral of revenues. 
Nine months EPS is about Rs.3.24 and compares well with the overall full year EPS that 
we had for FY'23. So, I think by the end of this year, we will show a meaningful growth in 
net earnings as well as earnings per share for the full year FY'24. 
Looking closer at Q3, as I said, it was a bit of a setback or a disappointment for us. Q3 revenue 
recognition is affected by adversities that I spoke a couple of times in the last 10-15 minutes. 
Therefore, I am avoiding the duplication of it. It's suffice to say that we lost nearly Rs.145 crores 
of revenue recognition potential because of the deferred handover, and therefore, you can 
visualize the impact - even at a 9%-10% PBT margin, we have lost about between 12 to 14 crores 
of PBT potential. But that's not lost, only deferred and so we will recoup them in Q4. 
Shifting attention to the cash flows on Slide #17. You see the chart on the right which shows the 
enterprise wide collections, of which what belongs to Shriram consolidated financials is what is 
the bottom most pie of the chart.  
- 
For nine-months, Rs.499 crore belong to Shriram consolidated collection, remaining 
collections belong to joint ventures as well as DM; Rs.430 crores at joint venture level and 
Rs.124 crores at the DM level. 
- 
Cash flow from operations remains strong at Rs.178 crores, which is far significantly above 
full year operating cash flow that we had last year.  
- 
As we have always said and believe, FY'24, '25 and '26, with all the handovers which is 
coming through, we are very confident that the significant unlocking of cash will happen 
from these projects and therefore the first nine months reaffirms our belief. 
- 
Our scheduled repayment as well as prepayment together is about Rs.89 crores and interest 
expense on top of it.  
- 
Even after debt servicing, we had a free cash flow of about Rs.27 crores from the operations 
and we utilized about Rs.86 crores between this free cash flow and treasury cash balance 
to make new project investment in terms of acquisition of development rights and that's 
towards augmenting new project pipeline.  
- 
So, overall, therefore, meaningful cash unlocking from the projects, mostly used for new 
project acquisition and debt repayment.  
- 
Overall liquidity conditions are fairly satisfactory at any point of time as we were between 
60 crores and 80 crores on a daily basis. That gives us comfort that we have a comfortable 
liquidity for meeting our operational requirement or growth requirement. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 21 
Shifting to slide #18, on the debt, as I mentioned, the debt has moved up because we acquired 
the debentures from Mitsubishi Corporation that they were holding towards their economic 
interest in Park 63. Even with that, our gross debt is about Rs.500 crores, which as you may 
recall dropped to about Rs.350-400 crores in Q1-Q2 and now moved up because of acquisition 
of JV from Mitsubishi. But even with that, we are below March '23 levels in terms of debt.  
Our net debt is around Rs.440 crores. We believe it should be on a declining path in the coming 
quarters again. Debt-equity ratio of 0.36, very comfortable, and as you would appreciate is one 
of the lowest in the sector  based on the publicly available data, and we believe 0.36 will now be 
on a declining mode again in the coming quarters and next fiscal. 
And cost of debt, as I said, I think has plateaued around 11.5% levels. While we are continuing 
to work on refinancing, given the interest rate market conditions, I think, incremental drop will 
be smaller. Even SBI construction loans, which is usually considered as benchmark, are now at 
about 10.8-10.9%. Our new loans are coming at between 10.8-11.2%. So, benchmark bank rates 
itself has gone up post 200 basis points increase by RBI benchmark rates in last 24 months. 
Therefore, incremental drop will be marginal even though our efforts are still continuing. 
Side#19: Spending a couple of minutes on the new market entry. As you know, we have been 
exploring new markets like Hyderabad and Pune for more than 18-months. After careful 
evaluation of the market, our competitive advantages and various projects, we have proposed, 
and the Board has approved, our entry into the Pune markets earlier today. 
And as you can see from Slide #20, Pune is a very promising market for us, as it substantially 
reflects similar characteristics to our core markets in terms of customer profile, demographics, 
realization band, ticket sizes, and size preferences. The market is majority dominated by mid-
market and to some extent affordable segments, which together account for 75% of the market. 
Pune is the second largest market by absorption among the top seven residential markets in India. 
So, it's a large market, with strong domination of end user-driven demand, has a very strong bias 
towards salaried class, self-use customers, two-bedroom three-bedroom apartments, Rs.5,000 to 
8,000 per square feet kind of pricing. So, it's kind of very similar to our Bangalore and Chennai 
markets, and therefore we think it will work very well for us. Shriram as the brand is very well 
known because of our financial services as a group presence. We believe we should be able to 
leverage that and penetrate into this market very successfully. 
Slide #21 talks about the opportunity that we have. This is a project that we have identified in 
Undri, the southern part of Pune. It's one of the most sought-after micro market. Large tracts of 
land are available for future development.  
And this project is spread over a 14-acre land, 1.7 million square feet of Residential and 0.3 
million square feet square feet of commercial associated with it and the plan approvals are there. 
Because we are entering as a DM partner, this is a project under DM model. Since we are entering 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 21 
into DM partner, we need to get certain re-approvals. We are in the process of getting the process 
completed and once done, we will be applying for RERA. We are looking forward to formal 
entry by the end of March 2023.  
This project has a total revenue potential of about Rs.1,300 crores of sales value and at around 
18% DM fee inclusive of marketing cost. So, very attractive low capital-intensive opportunity 
that we have identified. We are making good progress, and we will make a formal announcement 
on the launch very soon, but today, the board approved both the project as well as entry into 
Pune. 
Slide#23: I think Slide #23 gives you comfort on the fact that our overall target remains same. 
Strategically, we will work towards delivering a 20% average growth over the next two to three 
years. We will progress towards maintaining our profitability and move towards zero debt. As 
you have seen or heard of so far in the last couple of times in this call that towards the end of Q2 
it moved up and Q3 it's around same Rs.500 crores level. The intent is to bring it down as well 
as the proposed cash flows from monetization activities, we should be in a zero net debt position 
sometime soon, definitely in the next 18 months, max 24 months, but it's a combination of large 
cash balance as well as declining gross debt from where we are today. 
In Fiscal 24, as I said earlier, we have good confidence on Q4 and therefore we remain positive 
and confident about delivering our full year numbers. 
For Fiscal ‘25, we have a good lineup. We would be ending the year with around 5 million square 
feet of unsold area from our ongoing projects. Just to recap, as you know, we have 54 million 
square feet pipe line, out of which 24 million square feet is ongoing, out of this 24 million square 
feet, our share will be about 23 million square feet, out of 23 million square feet we almost sold 
80% of it. Therefore, we believe we will end the year with opening inventory of roughly about 
5 million square feet. We are targeting to launch another 6-7 million square feet over the next 
year. That should feed a growth in FY'25. 
So, therefore we have reasonable visibility on volume potential for FY'25. And revenue side, 
obviously, as you know our revenue recognition is three years from the sales and therefore '24, 
'25, '26 we have very good visibility. 70% of aggregate revenue is coming from volume sold 
already, and therefore that should keep feeding us in terms of overall revenue recognition 
potential and therefore FY'25 should show meaningful growth as well. 
Slide #24 just captures the same fact in a graphical form. So, I will pass this for now. 
Slide #25 an interesting aspect that I want to draw your attention, “Non-Financial.” But as part 
of our committed efforts to ensure sustainable development as well as the green building in our 
overall Residential development portfolio, I am sure all the commercial activities are green 
building focus and certified. But see I think there's an increasing trend moving towards green 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 21 
buildings as part of overall sustainable development activities as well as the customer preference 
towards green buildings. And we have embarked on EDGE as a preferred framework for 
Residential green building certification. This is the IFC, World Bank Group Certification 
Framework. As a good encouraging start, we already got three buildings recently completed. 
Three of them were certified as 3 EDGE certified. Shriram Blue, which is, as you know, we got 
the handover process started during this year. Southern Crest also, a significant part were handed 
over during the year. And Park 63, it's coming in phases; phase-I was done earlier, Phase 1B and 
2A are being handed over now. All these projects have been certified by EDGE, and I think that's 
a very encouraging start for us. We are confident of accelerating this momentum further to be 
one of the leading players in the resi field that will actually focus on green building for all our 
projects. 
Slide#27: Last slide before I wind up, is the “Pipeline.” I spoke most of it already and therefore 
just want to draw attention to the fact that 1.8 million square feet has got completed and moved 
out of this pipeline. It has become now a completed category and we have added about 1.9 
million square feet, therefore we are remaining almost same at about 53 million square feet, of 
which only about 8.5, 8.6 million square feet are what we call is deferred primarily where some 
last mile land related activity is still pending. But the remaining 20 million square feet is 
available for launches and a large part will be launched over the next 18 months, 24 months from 
now. 
Slide #28: Shareholding, of course, all of you have seen, there is no change in shareholding and 
the discussion that we had on the promoters stake remains unchanged. The discussions are still 
continuing. Promoters will continue to own 28% of this Company and we had some change in 
the private equity holding, and now this current shareholding reflects a more stable, we have a 
strategic investor with about 14% stake, institutional investors own 10% of the Company, public 
and body corporates own 36% and 12% respectively. This is fundamentally what I had to share. 
Slide #29 just reiterates the overall investment theme here. Well governed, listed, trustworthy 
branded player, proven track record with the strong growth outlook, has scaled up well post 
RERA from 1 million square feet to 4 million square feet plus sale, has a further potential to 
scale and has a demonstrated capability to scale. Capital will not be a constraint because we are 
pursuing an asset-light model. The big beneficiary of RERA and capitalizing on that opportunity 
to be a consolidator, meaningful leverage and has access to capital, and therefore we believe we 
have a good platform and a canvas, industry outlook is positive, and therefore we should be able 
to combine these two and deliver a meaningful value for our shareholders going forward. 
I'd like to stop here. The industry outlook, you all have much better visibility on it, but we just 
shared our view from publicly available data. I'll stop here  myself and Mr. Murali, will be very 
happy to take all your questions and try and answer as much as we can. Thank you. And over to 
you. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 21 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is from the line of Runit 
Kapoor from Systematix. Please proceed. 
Runit Kapoor 
So, given the fact that you're looking at commercial in Pune, I want to know like is it a shift from 
the earlier Company's policy of only focusing on Residential. So, can we look in more 
commercial projects in your future? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
No. As we said earlier, we will remain focused on Resi and that too mainly mid-market and 
affordable segments. Pune project plan approval already has some commercial activity and it 
comes as an integrated parcel, so we will have to develop them. So, our role will be restricted to 
developing the commercial part and that's not very complicated because, as you know, we have 
done very large commercial projects as DM in Chennai and other places. So, the strategy does 
not change.  
Murali Malayappan: 
It is not a commercial development per se, it's a township part of the Residential development, 
little bit of retail and very small office to our quasi space. So, this has been our core thing. And 
the Pune market works that way. In Pune, there is a good demand for the high street retail, and 
we are building about 1.6 million square feet. That micro market has got a good supply of 
apartments, close to about 30,000 units within about 500, 600 meters range. So, all that will 
serve, and this is on the main road. So, it's going to be a good value add product. 
Runit Kapoor 
Secondly, on the ASK co-development platform, I believe the 12-month period is elapsed, So, 
what is the update on that like I think 40% is yet to be deployed, so this extension regarding 
that? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
So, we are evaluating projects. We can actually pump another one large project into the platform. 
Both partners are fully engaged. So, I don't think the timeline will be an issue, but the intent is 
to deploy as quickly as we can. Since we have deployed 200 crores from the platform on the 
acquisition of this Chennai project, both partner's focus is on ensuring successful launch so that 
we can move energies towards the next opportunity under the platform. So, we are evaluating a 
few. We will be deploying that in the coming quarters. 
Murali Malayappan: 
May take a couple of quarters to deploy. 
Runit Kapoor 
Lastly, like given the industry tailwinds and our strong brand and track record, don't you feel the 
Company has been conservative in terms of new signings? I understand we have a strong launch 
pipeline, but in terms of launch velocity also compared to our peers, we are slightly a bit slow. 
So, could you comment on that? 
Murali Malayappan: 
We see a big potential. We are ramping up to reach up to this demand today. Yes, we agree, there 
is a big potential for growth today and demand is good, and we are on our path. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Runit Kapoor 
So, can we expect some new signings like in next one year, like some aggressive signings like? 
Murali Malayappan: 
For one year we have got a good plan. For the next 12 months we have got a very good, planned 
ramp up there. 
Runit Kapoor 
Any new geographies are being planned? 
Murali Malayappan: 
No, currently only Bangalore, Chennai and Pune will be our major focus and we are expecting 
some big numbers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dikshit Joshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Swetha: 
Hi sir, this is Swetha from Whitestone Financial advisors. Sir, my first question is, how many 
square feet are we planning to deliver in Q4, and then what would be the revenue that would be 
recognized on account of this in Q4? Then I also want to understand the non-cash charge, 
basically the unwinding impacts that we have on our books. Till when this would be there and 
how much of it is still left? My third question is so when we give our average realization of 
6,000 per square feet, I want to understand, this is basically on build up, right? So, carpet would 
be around 9,000, 10,00, am I correct in assuming that? So I have 2 more questions. 
Gopalakrishnan:: 
You are talking about selling price? 
Swetha: 
Yes. 
Murali Malayappan: 
Each market behaves differently because in Mumbai everything is priced on carpet. Here in 
Bangalore, it's all super built up, SBA. 
Swetha: 
So, then we give our Rs.6,000 - 
Gopalakrishnan:: 
All our peers are also doing the same, right. So, the comparison would be still relevant because 
just for taking some name, Sobha, Prestige, Puravankara, Brigade, all of them sell in South India, 
right, Bangalore, Chennai, will all have the similar price benchmarks. Unless they go to Mumbai 
like prestige Mumbai projects may quote on a carpet area. But with most of the regional players, 
our numbers are comparable. 
Swetha: 
And then can I assume carpet would be around 9,000 when we say our average realization is 
6,000, carpet would anyway be higher than that, right? 
Gopalakrishnan:: 
Yes, the ratio is 25%, 30% built up to carpet. So, I am sure all of us can work backwards.  
You had two other questions.  

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 21 
I am going to start with the first one on area under completion and handover. Based on the current 
plan of handing over 3000 units to customers, we should be completing around 5-odd million 
square feet of area in FY24.  
Your second question was about the unwinding impact. So, this is purely related to Government 
of West Bengal royalty charges that we provide. As you may have read already from the previous 
presentations, we are required to pay royalty obligations on our Bengal land, where the overall 
liability is about Rs. 250 crores, to be paid over period of time. In the balance sheet, we accounted 
NPV value of this number as a liability. So, every passing quarter, we will have about Rs. 5 
crores roughly being an impact of unwinding, which is basically NPV adjustments so that the 
balance sheet liability keeps moving up and becomes an absolute current number on a current 
basis when we pay them, that will be reflecting the full liability.  
Having said that, I did mention that we will brief about Kolkata subsequently. As you know, we 
have challenged this number in the courts. Because this 4% royalty itself came in an indirect 
way of a non-compete fee which otherwise was supposed to be paid to Hindustan Motors as per 
our original agreement. Now that the non-compete period was over as well as Hindustan Motors 
themselves were monetizing the remaining land that they had with them out of the full 
ambassador factory, part was given to us and part was retained by them. And therefore we had 
gone to the courts against the parties that the non-compete is not payable and therefore why 
should I pay as a royalty. As we mentioned in the last quarter, we are in discussion with the 
government in terms of finding an amicable way of solving this problem. And we believe we 
have made meaningful progress. We are hopeful of explaining the whole story in detail to you, 
basically in the next couple of quarters or we expect to see a visibility on it. And if the visibility 
comes on a settlement, then this charge might not come up.  
Assuming it doesn't come at all, this unwinding will continue for a couple of more years. I think 
as of March '23, our balance sheet showed a total liability of 220 crores. So, the remaining 30 
crores had to be unwound and therefore it will continue for another fiscal at least. 
Swetha: 
If we don't have resolution? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
If we don't have resolution, we will have to provide for this NPV unwinding effecdt. But our 
desire is also to solve it amicably and are hopeful of reaching a meaningful conclusion in the 
next quarter or two. 
Swetha: 
For one more year, Rs.5 crores every quarter we will have to do if there is no resolution, right, 
sir? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
Yes. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Swetha: 
Just coming back to the earlier question that you answered, you said We will be delivering 5 
million square feet in Q4, is it? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
No, overall full year. So, far, we would have done about 2.5 million square feet already. Because 
we have done almost half the handover, right; 1,600, we have handed over, we are looking at 
handing over about 3,000 units this year. 
Swetha: 
That would be how many square feet? 2.6 million square feet is what we are going to deliver in 
Q4? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
No, 1,600 units have already been delivered. I don't have the ready number, but I assume it will 
be about 2.5 million square feet roughly in the first nine months. So, the remaining 1,400 or 
thereabouts is what we are targeting to hand over during Q4. I suspect that will be about another 
2.4, 2.5 million square feet. 
Swetha: 
I have 2 more questions. So, in Slide #10, we have listed the projects, Shriram Esquire and 
Hebbal. So, both these projects were actually launched in May '23 and the slide mentions that 
we have sold 44%, 45% till date. So, just wanted to understand that are we on track for this 
project or pickup of the project is a little slow or in normal course of business typically in one 
year is what we sell like 44%, 45%? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
No, I think you've got the table slightly incorrectly. This is the sold volume percentage in the 90-
day period, not today. Shriram Esquire, as we speak at the end of December is 70% sold. Shriram 
Hebbal-I is fully sold. The table here is intended to show what is the first 90 days performance, 
so that it would be a common metric, right, bit comparable number. That's right. So, as of now, 
Esquire is about 70% sold, that's about 85,000 square foot has been sold already and Hebbal-I is 
completely sold, 1.44 lacs is sold. 
Swetha: 
So, then my question is on Slide #12, where we talk about the handover readiness. So, in that 
there are three projects: Southern Crest, Temple Bells and Park 63. For this we've actually not 
yet received the OC. So, just want to understand, are we on track for these projects because we 
are saying that you're going to hand over these in Q4, but still the OC has not received? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
Let me try and explain that. So, Greenfield, Chirping Woods T5 and Liberty Square, they're all 
in in hand. They account for the most part of the proposed handover if you look at, right, because 
these are the new projects, right, 1,400-odd coming from these three alone. Southern Crest Tower 
D is at a fairly advanced stage and there is one minor hitch which is holding it back. And even 
if it doesn't come, it's a 50 units difference. So, we're not that unduly worried. It's not going to 
change the overall outlook for the Q4, but we would like to have it, not that I am ignoring it, but 
that's linked to some other challenge that somebody has put locally. So, we're trying to solve that 
local issue. If it doesn't come, 50 units is at stake, not more than that. Temple Bells is actually 
fine. In Chennai, a partial OC is fine because Shankari is a very large project of ours. So, every 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 21 
phase when we complete we get a partial OC. So, the Temple Bells are fine. Part 2A is a bit of a 
challenge that we are facing in the 250 units, where we had some issue with the CMDA, the 
local body, and there were some tax related challenges between us as a developer and as a 
regulator or as a local body we've been having exchanging. Since the OC was getting delayed, 
we went to the courts, we have been given a favorable order by the court advising CMDA to 
issue the OC. In January, we got that. We are looking forward to receiving that soon the court 
order as well as the follow up order, there are two orders are there. Now it is at the desk of 
CMDA again. We're hopeful that we will get this OC. But this is very common, we go through 
this from time-to-time, it's not unusual. But yes, to that extent, if you look at overall 1,800 units 
that are there in these five projects, about 300 units are at stake. But if you assume the entire 300 
is not coming through, then we will end up with 50, 100 units is lesser than 3,000 target that we 
have for full year. If it comes through, then we would be able to meet that number. 
Swetha: 
One last follow-up regarding Pune. I think you did mention that 1,300 crores is the revenue 
potential and 18% is the DM fees including the marketing fees. So, if you could just give me 
what kind of delivery date we are looking for this project, and what kind of margins do we have 
in this? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
This is a DM project, so only DM fee matters to us. And it's three to five years, is the overall 
timeline that you can expect for this kind of a project. Of course, RERA would tell you five 
years. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhananjay Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, far, in terms of area, we have launched close to 2.2 million square feet and we had two more 
projects which is going to be launched. So, We will be launching close to 3, 3.2 million square 
feet against which we are targeting 4.8 million square feet of sales. Most of the sales come from 
the sustenance base. And when you were saying that 20 million square feet, which is the 
upcoming project which we are targeting to launch in next 18 to 24 months, even if we assume 
phase wise, so can we expect some 13, 14 million square feet kind of launches in the next two 
years? And how would the sales for FY‘25 or FY'26 given the current inventory and for 
inventory and upcoming launch? 
Murali Malayappan: 
I didn't get it. What is it 2.2 launched? 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
You launched 2.3 million square feet and you have sold 3.13 million square feet. So, normally 
the launch figure should be higher than the sales figure. Because in terms of overall target and 
because of all this deferment, we are on the lower side in terms of launches. But when we say 
that now all things are behind and we are targeting to launch close to 15 to 20 million square 
feet of inventory in the next two years, what could be this launch sales value for the next two 
years? 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 21 
Gopalakrishnan: 
Let me attempt this in two different parts. One is about FY'24, right? So, yes, we have launched 
2.0-odd million square feet in the first four projects, and we intend to launch another, let's say, 
not all of them will become effective in one quarter. Four projects are aggregating to about 2.9, 
2.8 million square feet. Some part will be sold this year. This is not alone because we still have 
ongoing project unsold inventory, right? When we open this FY'24, so the sales that is achieved 
so far and what we are targeting for the full year are not only from the launches. So, there is a 
sustenance sales as well. When we open this year, we had about 3.8, 3.9 million square feet of 
unsold inventory with us and therefore that is also available for sale. You are right in the fact 
that when you launch, you tend to sell much higher than the sustenance inventory starts 
supporting. The combination of the two only is giving us this 4.5, 4.6 million square feet of 
volume currently. When I look at next year, based on the launch readiness we have a schedule 
of when we want to launch what projects. We believe over the next 18, 24 months we should be 
launching at least about 11-12 million square feet, coupled with the fact that as I said in the call 
we expect to end the year with about 5 million square feet of sustenance inventory. The volumes 
that have been launched net of whatever we have sold carry forward to next financial year, we 
believe we will be starting on 1st of April, we should have a sustenance inventory of about 5 
million square feet from all these projects. And therefore this 5 million square feet plus 11, 12 
million square feet of new projects that is supposed to be launched in FY'25 and '26, we should 
have enough headroom for growing this 20% target that we have in our mind. Because if you 
look at it, it's basically about 12, 13 million square feet have to be sold in the next two years, 
right? So, therefore the current 5 million square feet plus new launches should support that kind 
of volume over the next 24 months. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And this pre-sales number which we are going to achieve close to Rs.2,300 crores, so how this 
will look like in FY'25 or FY'26, can we expect 25% growth in this number? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
I would request for some time on it. Next time we meet, once the board approves the business 
outlook for FY'25 and FY'26, we will be meeting only in March, I will definitely share this with 
you at an appropriate time. Not right now. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
And second, with respect to Pune project, is it a completely new land or it is some under 
construction project we have taken over from some other builder or how is it? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
It's a completely new land. It's Greenfield land. It's vacant land now. We have done the entire 
planning and we have got the approvals now. We are looking at launching end of March or April. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
So, once we launch let's say in April and we are expecting close to 230 crores kind of DM fee 
over the next four years, so this DM fee will flow every year from FY'25 itself for us in terms of 
revenue recognition? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
DM fee is a very standard accounting process for us. The DM fee will come to us. So, in the DM 
fee there are two components where they specifically said that 17%, 18% include marketing cost 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 21 
as well. So, the marketing cost will be paid by the SPV and charge to us so that we avoid double 
GST here. So, on average we spend about 5% to 6% on marketing and therefore we should be 
getting about 10% to 12% as a net DM fee to us. Just as an illustration if I say, based on what 
we do for most DM projects, half of this DM fee will be accounted on a quarterly basis based 
on the cumulative progress on sales. So, it's basically sales linked. As we progress sales, we start 
recognizing the income to that extent. The remaining DM fee will be recognized as cumulatively 
progress the construction activity. These two are the income recognition criteria. The third angle 
to this is the collection. As proportionate to the customer collection, we will start getting the DM 
fee to us. So, we will go on booking the DM fee based on the sales progress and construction 
progress on a quarterly basis and we will get actually cash inflow from this project, Shriram 
Properties will get the DM fee cash receipt as and when the customer collection comes in over 
a period of three to four years. 
Dhananjay Mishra: 
Even I take 10% so that is close to Rs.130 crores or first year collection may be lower, but we 
will have some cash flow, maybe 10, 15 crores in first year or then higher cash flow and that will 
directly reflect to our PBT, right? 
Gopalakrishnan: 
Yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Karan Mehra from Mehta Investment. Please go ahead. 
Karan Mehra: 
You have mentioned that you have recently ventured into the Pune market. So, will the margin 
profile be better than in the other regions down south? And also, if you can elaborate more on 
the demand in the Pune region and the rationale behind exploring the market? And like with so 
much competition by the local Pune players, what is our confidence level on penetrating in that 
region, and what gives us the confidence to do so? And a follow up on that is what business 
model will be functioned within the Pune region, if you can help with some -? 
Murali Malayappan: 
Basically, Pune carries a similar market potential of Bangalore. As you know, we are pioneer in 
Bangalore and we are in the top three or top five developers in Bangalore. So, we see a lot of 
similarity between Bangalore and Pune in terms of customer behavior, in terms of demand, in 
terms of ticket size, in terms of product design and also Shriram has got a deep presence in Pune 
region, that is an added advantage for us compared to other real estate developers, Shriram group 
has got a very deep presence into Pune market or in financial service business. So, We will take 
advantage of that and develop the market in Pune. In terms of growth potential, yes, Pune offers 
a big potential similar to Bangalore for us. Branded large corporate developers will have their 
own market share. So, we are banking on that, and we are putting together our team, we are 
confident that We will be able to create a good success in Pune market. 
Karan Mehra: 
So, what business model will be functioning in this region? 
Murali Malayappan: 
We'll be mostly looking at either development management or joint development. 

 
Shriram Properties Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Gopalakrishnan: 
Thanks, everyone for your time today and joining us to hear our story on Shriram Properties 
current quarter as well as forward outlook. We sincerely appreciate your time and support. Look 
forward to interacting with you on the next conversation in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Shriram Properties Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
