 
 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings conference call organized on February 06, 2024 
 
We are enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call organized on February 
06, 2024, post declaration of unaudited financial results of the Company for the third quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
Please take the information on record.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited 
 
 
 
 
Hansraj Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. F11438 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol. VIJAYA 
To, 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th Floor, Dalal Street  
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Scrip code. 543350 
HANSRA
J SINGH
Digitally signed by 
HANSRAJ SINGH 
Date: 2024.02.12 
17:20:19 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited's Q3 FY'24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SUPRITA REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, 
VIJAYA DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE 
LIMITED 
MR. NARASIMHA RAJU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
VIJAYA DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE LIMITED 
MR. SIVARAMA RAJU – HEAD (STRATEGY & INVESTOR 
RELATIONS), VIJAYA DIAGNOSTIC CENTRE LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVESH GANDHI – YES SECURITIES (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Vijaya Diagnostic's Q3 FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by YES Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavesh Gandhi from YES Securities (India) Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
Thanks, Viren. Good morning, everyone. This is Bhavesh here from YES Securities. I welcome 
you all on the Third Quarter FY'24 Earnings Conference Call of Vijaya Diagnostic Centre 
Limited. 
First of all, I would like to thank the Management for giving us this opportunity to host the call. 
Today, from the Management Team, we have with us, Ms. Suprita Reddy – Managing Director 
and CEO; Mr. Narasimha Raju – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sivarama Raju – Head 
(Strategy and Investor Relations). 
I would now like to hand over the call to Ms. Suprita Reddy for her Opening Remarks. Over to 
you, ma'am. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Thank you, Bhavesh. Good morning, everyone. I on behalf of the management team of Vijaya 
Diagnostic Centre Limited take this opportunity to welcome you to this forum. I will first now 
present the “Key Highlights for the Period” after which “Mr. Narasimha Raju will take us 
through the Operational and Financial Highlights of the Quarter-ended 31st December 2023.” 
I'm joyful in announcing that this quarter too witnessed healthy business performance with our 
core business firming up further, recording an 18% year-on-year non-COVID revenue growth. 
The Wellness business stood strong at 12%. Maintaining a steady contribution to the overall 
revenue, the B2C segment was up 94%. The expansion of Vijaya's footprint and the 
demonstration of consistently successful business performance, clearly shows a steady progress 
in line with the four-pronged strategic approach. We have been talking from the time of our 
initial listing. Aligning with our strategy of growing stronger and deeper in our home markets, 
we established hub centers at Tirupati, Rajahmundry and our close at Panjagutta, Hyderabad. 
Added to a warm and spontaneous reception of our brand by our customers, all these hubs have 
been able to perform really well breaking even in a record timeline. The three months old hub at 
Mahbubnagar followed the same positive trend and as anticipated we should be able to break 
even in the next quarter. 
Guided by this strategy of expanding to the adjacent geographies, we set up a hub center in 
Gulbarga in the state of Karnataka in the month of November 2023. The center can offer a 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
comprehensive range of diagnostics right up to MRI, CT and houses a fully automated lab. 
Foraying into Karnataka, we believe that we'll be able to sufficiently identify and address the 
market need and swiftly expand the footprint thereto. 
We took steps towards expansion to Eastern India by setting up a one of its kind hub in Kolkata. 
Commencing business operations in July 2023, the progress has been quite promising and we 
can expect a break even within the anticipated timeline. We made a good headway into 
identifying strategic locations for expansion into the West Bengal and expect to close in on a 
couple of locations in time to come. 
Striving to achieve inorganic growth, we acquired PH, renowned and a well-established B2C 
integrated diagnostic chain in Pune in the month of December 2023. Ever since, we've seen a 
rapid ramp up of things and expect to fully integrate to the parent company in the next two 
quarters. 
Along with Dr. Hemant from PH, our colleague Mr. Kamlesh, who was with Vijaya for the last 
five years, is working to effectively capture the market in this region. We plan to present a 
detailed update on the progress and the future expansion plans very soon. 
Apart from the progress in line with the predefined strategy, we lay utmost importance to 
ensuring our practices follow the best standards of quality. A testimony to this has always been 
that our labs being NABL accredited, even the recently established ones at Rajahmundry and 
Tirupati. The hub at Kolkata is slated for an NABL accreditation in a month from now. 
Furthermore, the NABL shows our Kolkata lab for a joint assessment alongside (APAC) Asian 
Pacific Accreditation Board, an organization providing accreditation guidelines to NABL. This 
prestigious assessment is generally extended only to the top labs in the country. 
Added to this, a part of our initiative for doctor engagement and connect, we've held the highest 
number of CMEs in this quarter. We partner and consult with expert clinicians in the industry to 
hold webinars on various complex topics and medical conditions on a continued basis. 
It is also our conscious effort to attract and retain talent. The doctor base at Vijaya has now 
increased significantly from 200-plus to over 250-plus doctors. 
We were able to demonstrate that we stood true to our commitment to abide by our well thought 
out expansion strategy playing at most importance to the needs of our customers, a winning 
stance that made us come this far, enabling us to add value to our stakeholders while standing 
out as a brand of choice. While conforming to this approach always, we will strive hard to 
improve and upgrade along the way. 
I'd like to invite Mr. Narasimha Raju – our CFO, to present to us the “Operational and the 
Financial Highlights” for this period. Thank you. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Narasimha Raju: 
Thank you, madam. Good morning and a warm welcome to everyone joining us on the call 
today. 
Before I take you through the “Financial Performance” of the current quarter, I would like to 
update you that the recently acquired subsidiary, PH Diagnostic, Pune is consolidated with effect 
from its date of acquisition, that is 21st December 2023. Accordingly, the financial numbers and 
also the operational metrics given in the investor PPT include the corresponding numbers of PH 
as well. The revenue from PH for this period of 11-days in this current quarter is approximately 
1.29 crore with similar EBITDA margins of Vijaya. 
Now, I will briefly take you through the “Financial Performance and Key Developments for the 
Current Quarter ended December 2023”: 
The consolidated revenue for the current quarter stood at Rs.133 crores as against Rs.113 crores 
in the corresponding quarter of the last year, registering an overall year-on-year growth rate of 
17%. 
When it comes to the non-COVID business, I'm happy to inform that it has grown at year-on-
year growth rate of 18%, that is from Rs.112 crores to Rs.132 crores in the current quarter. Please 
note that even without considering the revenue from PH, the non-COVID year-on-year growth 
rate is impressive at 17%. I'm glad that this significant revenue growth of 17% was largely driven 
by volume growth of 15%. Like the previous quarter, this growth in the business was again 
driven by both radiology & pathology segments underscoring the robustness of our B2C focus 
integrated business model. The B2C revenue share stood healthy at 94%. 
Our radiology business stood at 36%, similar to Q3 of last year. The revenue per test was Rs.459 
and the revenue per patient footfall was Rs.1,511 during this current quarter. 
EBITDA for the current quarter stood at 52 crores as compared to 44 crores in the corresponding 
previous quarter, registering a year-on-year growth rate of 18%. The EBITDA margin was 
healthy at 39.4% in the current quarter, marking a year-on-year increase of 30 basis points. 
Few factors that have helped the company to maintain this industry-leading margins are, 
impressive growth of 17% in the top line, 94% of revenues coming from B2C segment, the cost 
structure of the integrated business model, and a close monitoring of the operating cost. The 
profit after tax for the current quarter stood at 26 crores and the PAT margin was also healthy at 
21% excluding the recent M&A cost. 
Coming to the update on the CAPEX investments in the new centers for the current quarter: 
As part of Tier-2 cities expansion strategy, we have successfully launched our hub center at 
Mahbubnagar, and as part of adjacent geography strategy, we have commenced the hub center 
at Gulbarga in the state of Karnataka, and also, we have added two spokes in Hyderabad network. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Coming to the update on the investments and cash reserves, as informed in the earlier 
discussions: 
The transaction value for 100% stake of PH Diagnostics is 147.50 crores, which is entirely 
funded through the existing cash reserve. The cash reserve as at the beginning of this quarter 
were Rs.298 crores. And after this acquisition and also after payment of 100% dividend to the 
shareholders in the current quarter, the closing balance of cash reserve is Rs.158 crores. 
I will now summarize our Performance for the Nine Months ended December 2023: 
The consolidated revenue is Rs.393 crores as against Rs.338 crores in the corresponding nine 
months of the last year, marking a year-on-year growth rate of 16% on total revenue, and when 
it comes to non-COVID, it is 19% year-on-year growth. EBITDA stood at Rs.158 crores as 
against Rs.133 crores in the corresponding nine months period, registering a year-on-year 
growth rate of 19%. EBITDA margins stood healthy at 40.2% and the profit after tax was 86 
crores with impressive margin of 22%. 
To conclude, I would like to say that the company is expanding into new geographies as per well 
thought out and careful expansion strategy. And with the recent acquisition of PH in Pune, we 
are very close to 150 centers milestone. Spread across 23 cities and five states, we continue to 
hold our position as the largest B2C integrated diagnostic chain supported by healthy balance 
sheet and robust cash surplus available for our future expansion strategy. 
This brings me to the end of my address. I would now request the moderator to open the line for 
the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first question from the line of 
Bhavesh Gandhi from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
One question is on Gulbarga. Can you dwell upon the market size, how does it compare to some 
of the other hubs that we have opened recently and how do you think of this hub addition? 
Sivarama Raju: 
Bhavesh, so more than the numbers, I will qualitatively explain you. So, if you see the market, 
it is larger than Rajahmundry and Tirupati in terms of size, availability of doctors, availability 
of medical colleges and hospitals. So Gulbarga is a district headquarter and it has about three 
medical colleges present in that region. And in terms of diagnostics, again very limited play in 
terms of integrated, you have pathology only players, but in terms of integrated play, you have 
only three or four local players. So, we see an ample opportunity. In fact, you have many of the 
doctors for oncology setting up their clinics in Gulbarga now. Once the center stabilizes, maybe 
two, three years down the line if we find that market to be suitable, we may also add some other 
modalities in that market. Otherwise, there's a huge opportunity in that market. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
Second question from my side is on the Pune acquisition. So, in terms of integration challenges 
or integration efforts that are required in terms of front end sample collection, the back end 
testing as well as report generation, so how do we see the progress on those parameters because 
I think from whatever we have seen in other M&As within diagnostics, those kind of challenges 
have proved to be quite time-consuming, So, any thoughts on those points? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Yes, Bhavesh. So like you mentioned, they are time-consuming and challenging, but they have 
to be done, that’s also a reason why I said in the next two quarters. In fact, if you ask me in the 
next couple of months itself, we'll get the front end aligned to the parent company and the back 
end processes will probably take another couple of months from there in terms of your HR, 
procurement, store. But the front end will be with the parent company probably two months’ 
time to come from now. 
Narasimha Raju: 
And also, Bhavesh, we're trying to integrate the accounts ERP of the parent company and also 
the front-end Sufalam software like madam told also the efforts are on the way to get them 
implemented in the month of April including all the major departments like HR policies, 
procurement, finance. In fact, recently we have recruited one dedicated finance head in 
Hyderabad to oversee the entire Pune finance function as well. So in another couple of months 
we're trying to align most of the parent company policies and procedures over there. 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
In your opening remarks, you had mentioned about looking for hubs in West Bengal. So what is 
the plan here in terms of what is the nature of hubs that we are going to open and how would 
this stand vis-à-vis our Kolkata hub in terms of CAPEX, in terms of the offerings across 
radiology, any indication here? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Bhavesh, irrespective of geography, the hub remains the same for us, whether it is a metro or a 
Tier-2. Hub specifically is sometimes with a fully automated lab, otherwise with the CT and MR 
and every other modality like a BMD, TMT, 2D Echo, Mammography where entire health 
checkup can be done. So hubs are the same. They differ sometimes in terms of size availability 
on property in that particular area, but the hub definition remains to be the same. So in Kolkata, 
the first of its kind hub was opened in VIP Road with the 3 Tesla and a Cardiac CT. Because it 
was the first center that we opened. Now the second hub that will come probably will not have 
a cardiac CT, but will still be able to do an entire health checkup in the hub itself, which is 
probably close to opening in the next say two to four months depending on when the property is 
handed over to us. Like we mentioned in the earlier calls, West Bengal is a market we want to 
grow organically, we would want to take it slow, get it ready to be a market that we would want 
to add lot more spokes in the years to come, that is in the next two to three years. To get that 
market ready for that, we started with our first of its kind hub slowly adding a few centers, but 
the entire concentration now is probably in taking over Pune, integrating it, looking at that 
market, getting us some insight into that, and parallely doing the adjacent geography, Hyderabad 
market, Pune Market and Kolkata market. So, in terms of how many centers, Kolkata will be a 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
little slow compared to these markets because we want to have it as a long-term plan in the 
coming years to come. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
A Puranwala: 
First question is on this 18% volume growth. So 1% we understand that it's coming from the PH 
acquisition and the balance 17%, could you help us understand, what is driving this kind of 
growth, how much of this would be coming from Kolkata, your other new centers and how your 
older centers are doing? 
Sivarama Raju: 
So like you rightly said, out of this 18% 17% of the non-COVID revenue growth was driven by 
the parent company and only 1% of it coming from PH. So, when we break it down into volumes, 
right, I think this 18% growth was led by about 16% growth in test volume, and basically it's a 
mix of all the four things, right, the existing centers growing in Kolkata and the new centers also 
taking up. So today, if you exclude PH, still we get about 80% of our revenue from core 
geographies and 3.5% of revenue from Kolkata. So if you break down this into same-store sales 
growth versus new centers growth and then we consider any center that's opened like one year 
and above has same-store sales growth because they're also part of last year. So roughly around 
11.5% to 11.7% of revenue growth was from same-store and about 4% to 5% coming from these 
new centers. So same if you translate this into volume, 10 bps here and there, even the volumes 
will follow the same trend. 
A Puranwala: 
Secondly, on the PH acquisition, you mentioned you have done close to Rs.1.29 crores of the 
11-days integration what has happened. So I mean going ahead, how should we look at PH, I 
mean, would this be an annual revenue generator anywhere between 35 to 40 crores or you can 
use to scale up the business in the next one or two years? 
Sivarama Raju: 
So if you actually see FY23 itself, PH closed around Rs.42 crores of revenue. Definitely you'll 
see some improvement in FY24 happening, right. So apart from that, yes, the whole idea is to 
grow that geography. There's a lot of potential in that market. But coming to detailed plans, even 
we are also prioritizing few things internally. Maybe in next one, two months we'll be able to 
present you a detailed plan. But yes, you can expect some good growth coming from that market. 
A Puranwala: 
And just finally on the sequential dip in your margins, just wanted to understand, is it entirely 
because of the seasonality on quarter-on-quarter basis or anything further to read into this? 
Narasimha Raju: 
Mainly because of the seasonality. But if you see quarter-on-quarter, there is a 4% decrease in 
the revenues, right? So due to which the margin slightly dropped from 41% levels to 39.4% or 
39.5%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Suneja from ICICI Prudential. Please go ahead. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Anuj Suneja: 
So some of my questions have been answered on PH and I'll just ask the rest. So essentially on 
basically the realization per patient front, while we are seeing expansion of ARPPs from other 
players and growth has been anywhere between 6% to 10% in the last one year. But for us, the 
growth seems to be slightly delayed. Could you tell the reason for this or are we not really taking 
price hike and how should I be looking at the ARPP numbers going forward. 
Sivarama Raju: 
So Anuj, even in the last four or five years and also in the current year, if you generally see the 
price impact, right, generally we don't have any annual price hike across the test like whenever 
we see some input cost increasing for a particular test, we increase the price of that particular 
test. So more or less it will be like 1% or 1.5% of our total revenue coming from price hike. This 
is something where we are trying to build more on volumes because still we are in that growth 
phase, right, including in Hyderabad. You've seen the kind of setups we have done in the last 
one year. So we want to follow that route for at least next one, two years. So you will not see 
anything big coming in front in terms of price increase, but you may still see ARPP going up 
because it all depends on how Pune, Kolkata, because the current average realizations in Pune 
and Kolkata a little better when compared to this Tier-2, Tier-3 market. So you may see more of 
a mix change but not actually ARPP change because of the price hike at least for the next one, 
two years. 
Anuj Suneja: 
Secondly, I wanted to ask, so in the expansion plans in your PPT of the slide #22, you also 
mentioned Gurugram and I have asked this question before as well, is something happening 
there right now or we have just receded from that market? 
Sivarama Raju: 
Basically Gurugram, we have a location already present there. So that is the reason we mapped 
there, but we did not mention anything about North India strategy. If you see that slide, it talks 
about East India, adjacent geographies west and core geographies,. But as of now. - 
Suprita Reddy: 
Anuj, Gurugram is an old center set up for a wellness center, basically. So it's almost been… I 
don't know the exact number of years, but it's a single standalone unit, caters mostly to the 
corporate and the wellness sector. And in terms of strategy there, we've not thought about 
anything, no plans on Gurgaon yet. 
Anuj Suneja: 
And finally, from the growth perspective, so we have done like 15% of volume growth. Going 
forward, say if I were to visualize your company say about three to five years down the line, do 
you have a strategy in place or could you help me visualize like how much growth would be 
coming from which geography, be it Telangana, Andhra going forward into western and eastern 
geographies and it will be helpful if I can like get a slight volume breakdown in terms of how 
are you looking at volumes going forward and what percentage of volumes will be coming from 
which part of the country? 
Sivarama Raju: 
Maybe we'll not be able to break it down to that level. But if you ask us, see, the idea is to grow 
all the geographies including Hyderabad because we've made significant investments in last one 
year like Panjagutta, etc., and also obviously we're taking steps in the eastern India and now in 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Pune also, right. But what we foresee or what we believe is that Hyderabad, which is a significant 
portion of our current revenue will still tend to grow at that higher double digits, and with the 
growth coming from the rest of the geographies like Tier-2, Tier-3. East India and Pune, right, 
so the contribution see today, I think 80% of the revenue is coming from Hyderabad, maybe that 
will come down to say somewhere in the range of 70% to 75%. But the idea is to grow all the 
markets. So specifically, to guide us - 
Suprita Reddy: 
If you want an answer there, probably it looks Hyderabad dipping a little, Andhra increasing, 
followed by Pune, then followed by eastern India. In terms of exact breakdown, probably we're 
not enough because we've just taken over PH in the month of December, I think we need a little 
more time to come back to you on a more detailed breakdown in terms of numbers. 
Narasimha Raju: 
So that's on geography side. Coming to the split, the growth that what we're expecting is 14% to 
15% growth, that will be predominantly coming from the volume growth. As you have seen 
now, the entire growth is driven by 15% of the test volume. So, what we expect that is 
irrespective to the geography, the growth will be driven mainly because of the volume growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aashita Jain from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aashita Jain: 
So most of the questions have been answered. A couple of questions more. Firstly, excluding 
the PH diagnostic, is your 15-center opening annual plan intact? And what are the other areas 
you're looking to open your hubs going forward, any color on that? 
Suprita Reddy: 
So the 15 centers probably are in pipeline. but due to some delays from the lesser than the 
landlords, probably they would not be able to come in this financial year alone, would get carried 
forward to the next quarter. In terms of the plan of opening these 12 to 15 centers in one year, is 
very much intact and is in place. And in terms of the hubs coming up now, probably the plan 
will change a little in terms of two or three hubs coming up in the Pune region because of the 
PH acquisition. So, probably in terms of number, we might not be able to show it to you in Q4, 
but it will get carried over to the next year. And I think already we opened three hubs already. 
Narasimha Raju: 
And also, Aashita, just to add one more point, these things might spill over to over the next 
financial year, but if you look at the last 12 months, we opened almost close to like a 12 center. 
And in these two financial years, we opened almost close to 35 centers in a span of just 24 
months again with a combination of eight major hubs. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Sometimes what happens is like Barasat has been a location that was finalized quite some time 
back in Kolkata. So, we're just waiting for a handover to happen even though it's part of the plan. 
So, sometimes there are unforeseen delays that happen because of the large sized places that we 
require perhaps. And that's certainly causes certain amount of delay, probably which will spill 
over to the next quarter. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Aashita Jain: 
So my question was not from FY24 perspective, but go from next two to three years? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Absolutely. The 15 centers will remain steady as is, but in terms of where these are going to 
come, we'll need a little more time to come back to you on the breakdown of how many hubs, 
how many spokes, which geography. 
Sivarama Raju: 
That will be upcoming. 
Aashita Jain: 
My second question is on Kolkata. You mentioned that you are on track to break even within 
the guided timeline. But could you give us some color on the monthly revenue run rate and what 
level it should reach to attain that kind of breakeven? And also what is the peak potential that 
you expect from this at this stage, any color on that? 
Sivarama Raju: 
Like guided over the last calls also, since it's a first center on the name of Vijaya in Kolkata, the 
timeline that we thought is like four quarters of break even. So, we just completed two quarters, 
right? So month-on-month we are seeing the good ramp up in revenue and in terms of volume 
also, right. So generally the center to break even would require something like about close to 
including… when we say break even, we always say including rent, right, so it will require 
something around say 65 lakhs to 70 lakhs run rate for us to break even in that particular center. 
So still we have six months of time, but if you ask us, we believe that we may break even before 
July of this year. 
Aashita Jain: 
And what is the peak potential that we can expect from this center at this stage in the next three 
or four years? 
Sivarama Raju: 
See, this center is basically built keeping the view that at least we do about 18 crores to 20 crores 
kind of a revenue at maturity, which will generally take 4, 4.5 years for you to reach to the 
maturity in a hub like this. 
Aashita Jain: 
Last one is on Gulbarga. What are your break even expectations timeline for this center? and 
within Karnataka, as you are foraying into this new state, what are the other like cities you plan 
to go, is Bangalore also in your list? 
Suprita Reddy: 
This strategy of going into Gulbarga was predominantly because it was an existing geography 
to us and not because we wanted to foray into Bangalore or Karnataka as a state. Like we 
mentioned earlier, Hyderabad being the oldest home market, we were getting in a lot of patients 
from Nanded from Maharashtra, Gulbarga, Karnataka, and what happened is these became very 
dense hyper local markets, like Siva mentioned, there are multiple oncologists practicing out of 
Gulbarga. So we said, it's time for us to go to Gulbarga. Customer is not going to travel all the 
way. And that was the main key strategy to go and open up one of its kind center in Gulbarga, 
all integrated. And if you ask us right now, with our hands full with PH at the moment and West 
Bengal, we've not thought about anything foraying into Karnataka at the moment. But if there's 
an opportunity, we'll definitely not miss out on that. 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samir Jain from Marcellus Investment Managers. Please 
go. 
Rishi: 
Hi, Rishi here from Marcellus on behalf of Samir. So, Suprita, in the last quarter you mentioned 
you'll have plans of expanding into Kolkata. You in fact signed up two, three leases for hubs. 
Just trying to understand, in this call, you said that Kolkata, we're going to delay a bit, in Pune, 
we are going to prioritize over Kolkata. So, has something gone wrong in Kolkata or what's the 
-? 
Suprita Reddy: 
Absolutely not, Rishi. When we say slowdown in Kolkata, doesn't mean that I will go and open 
seven spokes in Kolkata with one hub center. Like I mentioned earlier, we still have about two 
to three hubs coming up. See, the hub-and-spoke model works beautifully only when we build 
a hub, create a network, then I can build on the spokes. We only have a single standalone center 
in VIP Road and if I do two more spokes, that is when we give room for the spokes to grow. 
That plan is intact as is. Doesn't mean that we open seven spokes in Kolkata versus what we 
would do in an Andhra market or Telangana market, because we have more than headroom to 
grow here for the next two to three years. When we say we go slow, we open one hub every two 
quarters in Kolkata, build a base for the years to come where we can expand on the spokes which 
will feed into the hubs. And in the meanwhile PH happened, so we will also have to look at 
CAPEX allocation and be stringent in what we are trying to do, right, we will have to grow both 
the markets. It doesn't mean that we slowdown in Kolkata. Kolkata has always been an organic 
Greenfield way Looking at the future of what after five years. And PH has happened. Now 
probably we will allocate almost half of our budget now to the Pune region because we will have 
to build on, we will have to create probably same kind of network as what we have done in 
Hyderabad for Pune if we see a lot more opportunity immediately. 
Sivarama Raju: 
And Rishi, basically, I think rather than saying it's not about slowing down in Kolkata, we will 
speed up in Pune, maybe I'll put it the other way because see like in our earlier calls and 
discussions also we were telling that maybe in next two, three years we'll have three or four hubs 
coming in Kolkata. That was the guidance that we were giving from before. Since Pune, it's an 
acquisition, we have a setup which is already ready with say the three hubs and then already 
three spokes and some 12 collection centers. Since there is a network that's already ready, it will 
be easy for us to - 
Suprita Reddy: 
Ramp it up faster. 
Rishi: 
Second, I see that your wellness segment has only grown by 9%, right? And we're seeing this 
across the board where wellness has kind of slowed down to say 10%, 12% across players. So, 
just trying to understand, is there some sort of over testing that happened in the wellness segment 
last year and that's the base effect that's coming into play and hence there would be some 
operating deleverage for you or there was some one-off in this quarter, which is to a near 9% 
growth? 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Sivarama Raju: 
It's more or less one-off, Rishi, because if you actually see in the previous quarters of the Q2 and 
Q1, we were growing at double digit only, right. See, there are two things that happened in the 
last year Q3. Generally what we see is from Q2 to Q3, right, when you see dip in revenue, you 
see dip in both radiology and pathology volumes. But in last year Q3, we have done higher 
wellness and higher radiology and the actual drop happened only in pathology segment. That 
was like one-off which happened in last year. Because of that base, this year, whatever you're 
seeing that 17% growth, if you break it down to radiology and pathology, it looks like you got a 
lot of growth from pathology, limited growth from packages and radiology, it's more of like one-
off. 
Rishi: 
So, like what's explaining this one-off because I'm just trying to understand because Q2 also you 
all grew by 20% year-on-year…. I'm talking about year-on-year. Pre that you had almost 50%-
plus growth trajectory. So just trying to understand is this like now the fad has gone off wellness 
testing or something that's -? 
Sivarama Raju: 
No, no. So if you actually say the percentage of revenue, it has not come down. So if you actually 
go to that decimals, right, it's about 0.5% difference, that's all. See, that fluctuation of 0.5%, you 
may see in any quarter; in one quarter you are seeing 13.5, in one quarter 13, in one quarter 12.5 
between that 0.5% quarter-to-quarter. Otherwise, it's not a big drop. 
Narasimha Raju: 
In the last four quarters, Rishi, almost it remained in the range of 12.5% to 13% always 
consistently in the last four quarters. 
Rishi: 
Finally, you said your pricing strategy is cost plus basically whatever inflation comes into your 
raw materials or whatever you pass it on, accordingly, you price your test. So, just trying to 
understand like this strategy, right, if let's say tomorrow there is some supply chain crunch and 
given most of our consumables are imported or even say dollar appreciate, so how will we deal 
with this volatility, do we have some mechanisms in place to crunch costing, so if you just give 
us an understanding on how you work around this piece cost, purchases basically? 
Narasimha Raju: 
So Rishi, if you look at the P&L, the material consumption is the reagents. So there we have 
something like a long-term contract. The prices of all these major reagents are fixed either with 
the Siemens, the Beckman Coulter or Abbott, example PH has got with Abbott. So all these are 
long-term contracts There are scenarios where sometimes these vendors came forward… even 
though there is a long term agreed contract, they might come back and say, okay, it was the last 
three it was like a Rs.78/USD and now it is Rs.83, 84, can you do something? So those 
negotiations happen in spite of having a long term firm contract for the next three to four years. 
So that's the comfort that we have. But in those cases, there were instances where we increase, 
for example, 1% or 2%, it is not like a major increase never happened, primarily because we 
firm up this prices through a long term contract, that is one. Second thing, if you look at in the 
P&L, since we're in radiology, there is a CMC cost which is significant, right? So there also 
what we do is since we procure most of the radiology equipment in the country, either MRI, CT, 
ultrasound, so for example, we got close to 90-100 ultrasounds more than 100 x-rays, etc., So 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
we freeze the CMC contracts for next five years or something like that, then we agree for a fixed 
escalation of 5% per annum. There were instances from these players like Affiliate. GE, etc., 
that because of USD/INR stuff having that 5% what was there in the contract can be increased 
by 8% or 9%. That was a rate scenario. 
Suprita Reddy: 
All this put together adds up to that 1% to 1.5% increase you're seeing in the price of the test, 
Rishi. This is a one odd-test, some of those more specialized tests. Until and unless there's even 
a 5% to 8% dollar fluctuation, nobody comes up for a price increase from these companies. 
Rishi: 
So dollar appreciation plus this 5% is basically what you all convert to 1% price hike? 
Narasimha Raju: 
1% or 2% correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Gandhi from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
Just one question is on Pune. So you've talked about strengthening the acquired brand and 
expansion in the neighboring markets. So a), does this mean increased investments on the brand 
as such further fortifying it? How should we look at advertisement and promotion expenses in 
the acquired brand? And also expansion anything apart from Pune within Maharashtra state? 
Sivarama Raju: 
Bhavesh, on the advertising front, like we told you, we'll take one or two more months to come 
back to you with the actual plan because how we are going to brand, whether we're going to co-
brand it, etc., all these decisions we are taking internally. 
Suprita Reddy: 
Bhavesh, now, as we took it in December, it stays as is. We did not want to make major changes 
to a brand that's been running, we wanted to get some clearer understanding. So probably 
whatever changes we do will be effective from the next financial year, April is when we'll take 
a call on that. Definitely, for the first quarter when we do that, you will see an increased cost in 
advertisement rebranding, co-branding, all this will only happen in that particular year, the first 
quarter. And in terms of Maharashtra, we've definitely not even thought about it. Our interest is 
immediately that we look into Pune, build up because they have 3 hubs and they have lot of 
possibilities of adding a lot more spokes there. So, our focus is on understanding that market it, 
mapping it and that's also the reason why we are not giving guidance on how many centers we 
will open. We would like a clearer understanding and then we will give. Until and unless Pune 
as a market is stabilized and we have control, then probably we look at more geographies into 
Maharashtra. But the core focus is now on Pune immediately. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Randeria from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Just one question is around Hyderabad. So that's around 400-odd crores revenue for you and 
you're fairly confident of growing it may be in line with the company of around 15% growth. So 
just wondering, when do you see a situation where you sort of hit a ceiling as far as the expansion 
goes -- would it be like three years, five years down the line? 

 
Vijaya Diagnostic Centre Limited  
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Sivarama Raju: 
So Kunal, to be very transparent and to be frank and right, so Hyderabad is a city which always 
surprises us, right, for healthcare that too particularly, right, because this is one market both in 
terms of diagnostics and hospitals where we always think of saturation but you still see the city 
growing and the market growing. So, although we cannot guide you on the exact number of 
years, but at least for the next three to four years, we still see the market growing at this pace 
with whatever on-ground developments that are happening in the city and the way the city is 
expanding. So, at least for the next 2-3 years, I think, we'll be comfortable. Beyond three years, 
maybe at this point in time we will also not be able to guide you. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Of your expansion plans, how many hubs and spokes have you mapped out that you would add 
in Hyderabad in the next maybe five years? 
Sivarama Raju: 
So coming to Hyderabad, you may not see more hubs coming in. So if you see we have added 
spokes in the recent one year in the upcoming areas of Hyderabad. Maybe two, three years down 
the line if these areas reach to that potential, maybe you'll see us adding hub then, but nothing 
immediate in terms of hub in Hyderabad. But spokes, yes, whenever we see a new pocket 
opening up, we will add spoke. 
Kunal Randeria: 
Can you quantify? 
Sivarama Raju: 
So you will not see much numbers coming in Hyderabad, Kunal. Though we will not be able to 
give you the exact number, maybe every year out of the 15 centers, you may see some two or 
three centers coming in Hyderabad, but majority of the centers will be outside Hyderabad for at 
least next the two, three years. 
Kunal Randeria: 
You said, you have been positively surprised by Hyderabad. So is it a market that has done just 
as well or have you sort of taken more market share in Hyderabad? 
Sivarama Raju: 
So it's a mix of both, right, because we have seen multiple players coming into Hyderabad, 
multiple brands expanding, right. Definitely, as the market is expanding, along with the market, 
we would be inching market share year-on-year. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you. 
Suprita Reddy: 
I would like to thank everyone for attending this call. I hope we've been able to answer all your 
questions. Should you need any further clarifications or like any other information about the 
company, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
