 
 
 
 
Registered office: 
Timken India Limited 
39-42, Electronic City, Phase II, Hosur Road, Bangalore 560 100. 
Tel: +91(80) 41362000, Fax: +91(80) 41362010, Website: www.timken.com/en-in/ 
CIN:L29130KA1996PLC048230 
Mandar Vasmatkar 
Company Secretary & Chief - Compliance
mandar.vasmatkar@timken.com 
 
 
27 February, 2024
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: TIMKEN 
The Secretary 
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 522113 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,                       
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith transcript of Conference Call – held on 21 February, 2024. 
A copy of the same is also available on the website of the Company at below link: 
https://www.timken.com/en-in/investors/statutory-compliances/#analyst 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For TIMKEN INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
Mandar Vasmatkar 
Company Secretary  
& Chief - Compliance 
 
 
MANDAR 
MOHANIRAJ 
VASMATKAR
Digitally signed by 
MANDAR 
MOHANIRAJ 
VASMATKAR 
Date: 2024.02.27 
16:15:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Timken India Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY KOUL – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, TIMKEN INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AVISHRANT KESHAVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER & WHOLETIME DIRECTOR, TIMKEN INDIA 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MUKESH SARAF – AVENDUS SPARK 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Timken India Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Avendus Spark. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on belief, opinion and expectation of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mukesh Sharaf from Avendus Spark. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Thank you, Yusuf. Good afternoon. Mukesh Saraf here from Avendus Spark. Appreciate 
everybody logging in. I am pleased to host Mr. Sanjay Koul - Chairman and Managing Director 
of Timken India and Mr. Avishrant Keshava - CFO and Wholetime Director of Timken India. 
We will start with some brief opening remarks from Mr. Koul and then follow it up with the 
Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Koul: 
Okay. Thanks, Mukesh. So, I will give a little bit of commentary which might help with the 
questions itself. 
Our Financial Performance for Q3 ‘23-24 versus Q2 ‘23-24, the immediate previous quarter and 
our sales was around Rs. 612 crores, which was almost down by 10% compared to the previous 
quarter. And this is only the operational sales. It does not have any other gains in it. So, 
intercompany sales actually intercompany is what we do the exports etc., that contracted by 6.6% 
compared to the previous quarter and this was the external market conditions, global economic 
factors etc. Domestic sales, though rail went up, but overall, there was a decline, which was in 
other FEUs like trucks and in off-highways etc. 
The other margin compared to the previous quarter was down by 3%, almost 3.2%, major reason 
was obviously unfavorable product mix and then we could not leverage the volume. So, the cost 
versus the volume leverage, so we lost almost 2.2% on that. And EBITDA was at 18.5 compared 
to immediate previous quarter down 2.8% and this is in line with the same unfavorable mix and 
not leveraging the volume. 
And if you come to Q3’2022-23, sales was Rs. 609 crores whereas in Q3’2023-24, sales was Rs. 
612 crores, up by almost 45 basis points. However, the intercompany was the contraction during 
compared to the same quarter last year by 12% and that is the global economical factor and 
domestic sales compared to that quarter last year were up by 13%. PBT was at 14.9%, which 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
was down by 70 basis points to the quarter last year. EBITDA was at 18.5 down by 90 basis 
points compared to the same time and last year compared to that quarter, we had some currency 
gains other income, so that was not in this quarter. 
And then if you see 9 months performance 23-24 versus 22-23, our sales are up slightly. We are 
at Rs. 2,011 crores, which is up by 38 basis points. However, the exports are down in this period 
of 9 months by 10%. So, you can see that exports were down by 10% and our domestic sales in 
this 9 to 9 months was up by 10%. PBT margin is at 16.8 down 2.5%. Last year, we got a 
currency gain and one time Jharkhand incentive which was not there and then there was this 
little bit of unfavorable product mix and EBITDA stood 9 months to 9 months, 20% versus 22%. 
So, that is in general the summation of these quarter comparisons and I am now okay to take the 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Mr. Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please proceed. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
As the question queue builds, I will just start off with some of the I think more hygiene question. 
So, obviously exports is one important area and I think last quarter also you had commented that 
things are weak, but I think the expectation was that things would start kind of showing some 
signs of improvement. But seems like again sequential decline. So, could you give us some more 
color how much is more of an inventory correction, how much is an actual end market demand 
weakness and how should we look at exports going forward given that we have a lot of the parent 
as such is obviously continue to look at Timken India as very favorably, so could you kind of 
give more sense there? 
Sanjay Koul: 
In general, because of this Red Sea issue, there is a little bit of lower demand because now more 
inventory will be on water. So, there will be more demand for some time which is a short-term 
kind of corrective demand, but overall in US the markets are especially the areas where we are 
working in export is the heavy truck market and the other is rail. The rail market is pretty much 
okay. The rail market, if you see today, Brazil is booming, really booming and North America 
is also not that bad. Indian market is booming, the Indonesia rail, etc., companies like that are 
also not bad. So, on one side, as you know that 50% of our exports is rail and 50% is the smaller 
bearing. The rail is pretty much robust condition. The demand in Brazil is very good, and 
America is also pretty much okay. But on the heavy truck, the market is not really up and 
running, so there is this discussion that H2 in US might look better and there is also a camp 
saying that it might revive in ‘25, so that we cannot do, but what I see currently is that the rail 
order books for exports, the markets are pretty much okay. India is also pretty much, domestic 
side is pretty much okay. If not exactly the heavy truck market, the rest of the stuff including 
rail is okay. The wind market in China is down. So, that is a piece which also kind of connects 
to the global stuff. China is down, so it has an impact on global supply chain. It is not directly 
to us, but if there be, there are impacts etc., so all said and done, I would say that export from 
rail pretty much okay, heavy truck still hazy. Hopefully it comes back in second-half of this year, 
first half doesn't look to be okay and Indian market is, I would say, pretty much okay. 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Chintan Chheda from Quest Investment 
Advisors Private Limited. Please proceed. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Sir, I have got one question basically from this China Plus One kind of opportunity, right? So, 
in the North American Railroad segment, what is the opportunity from a strategic point of view 
over the next three to five years are we seeing? 
Sanjay Koul: 
One thing I can tell you, I lived in China for 5-odd years and we have the sister company, The 
Timken Company has footprints in China and we are a North American-owned majority stake 
company, so all said and done, Americans are looking at China Plus One seriously. So, risk 
mitigation of global supply chains are heavily involved, but these supply chains are very much 
dependent on China and this is a huge work. It is not an overnight thing, but we can already see 
that the impacts are slowly coming and now coming back to Timken, as you know that the 
Timken has good footprints in China, and they are seriously looking at the strategic direction of 
risk mitigation of supply chains and that is obviously not an overnight thing. We are putting the 
SRB plant which I call the phase one after we complete the  phase one and then we will discuss 
and see what will happen to phase two. So, the work in progress is happening on not only for 
Timken, but most of the companies which I see also as part of the American Chamber of 
Commerce. China Plus One is seriously taking shape. Now, the Chinese companies are also not 
sitting idle. Chinese companies are seeing that China Plus One is happening. So, you see the 
Chinese companies are investing in ASEAN, they are investing in India. They are though India 
might not be major takers, but still they are trying hard to like, I will say that Nanjing High 
Speed, the largest gear wind gear making company is setting up shop in India in Chennai, then 
there is SANY. So, Chinese companies are also going out and setting up shop in backyard of 
North America as well. So, while China Plus One is happening, China itself is risk mitigating 
themselves by putting investments outside China and their plants these days are not loaded. So, 
they are doing their best to put plants in Indonesia, in Vietnam. They are trying their best to risk 
mitigate themselves by spreading out their investments outside China. So, this is an interesting 
juncture. But what I can say is that India is sitting on a very nice point of time because of the 
fact that, a, India investment is going to happen the infra build up is happening, the rail has to 
go a long way and similarly the infrastructure connected to the marine, connected to airports, all 
this will keep on coming and then India is destined to take a nice pie, a piece on this China Plus 
One. Obviously, Government of India will have to do their best that we become very tax friendly 
and all those things continue the way it has been happening in last 10 years. I think India will 
see next 10 years as the best period, nobody can stop that, unless something catastrophic happens 
other way. So, Timken is also on the China Plus One. I can say that we have a heavy investment 
on China. We are committed to China that is The Timken Company. It is the local market; has 
a huge installed base, but at the same time, given the global supply chain risk mitigation, so 
Timken company is also working on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek from DSP. Please go ahead. 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Abhishek: 
Sir, just in terms of the revenue mix for the quarter, would you be able to give some light or 
maybe on YTD basis in terms of railways, process, exports, mobile and distribution, any 
thoughts? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, if you see the breakup of our last quarter, which was Q3 ‘23-24 out of the total pie, 18% was 
rail and mobile, as we call it, which covers both off highway and heavy truck of 22%, distribution 
is 17% and process industry is 21% and our export was 20%. So, that was the percentage 
breakup. 
Abhishek: 
So, sir, two key segments, if I look at both exports and distribution, which inherently should be 
higher gross margins segment for you, both are down on a Q-on-Q basis, is that the reason for 
lower profitability in the current quarter, any thought, sir? 
Sanjay Koul: 
If I compare the PBT margin of Q3 versus Q2 say in financial year, 1% was attributed to the 
product mix and export that was certainly 1% down there and another 2% went to where you 
cannot leverage your fixed cost and the plants are not loaded well and in India, you can't flex the 
labor, you can't lay them off. So, that 2% loss is due to the suboptimal leverage in cost for 
significant volume reduction. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, just in terms of these five segments, railways, you spoke about that there is a strong demand 
which is kind of coming through both in India as well as overseas, so how should one look at 
this piece? Is it like a more like team’s growth that one should expect in the domestic railway 
business, given the overall outlay that we are seeing and there is so much of new trends which 
are coming up, any thoughts sir on that? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Yes, rail demand issue, divide the rail demand domestic is freight, obviously freight is growing. 
The passenger is also growing which is the Vande Bharat or these fast trains and then the metros 
are also growing. Metro is a very small portion of it. So, it is growing. Not that many 
locomotives, but the major chunk of Indian Railway domestic is freight, followed by the 
passengers. So, that is certainly growing. So, the consumption is growing there. Though, it is not 
at a very high CAGR, but it is growing, every month, every year is better than the previous year, 
if you would like it that way. On the export side, the freight in Brazil is booming currently as I 
said earlier. So, obviously they need freight bearings as well. So that gives a good capacity 
utilization for rail assets for us here in Jamshedpur which means that you can leverage volume 
further and as you guys know that bearings are very CAPEX intensive, fixed cost is there, we 
have put new lines, depreciation is there and if you can leverage these capacities well, they 
certainly help us greatly on the cost. And then the backend of the supply chain also if you are 
sourcing more and more of the same part numbers obviously that helps a little bit more on the 
cost side, so more consumption of the rail lines gives you a cost advantage, and similarly when 
you don't leverage them, like on our truck side, if you don't leverage them, same thing works the 
other way around is that you have assets which are dependent on volume and you can't get the 
gain as the volume might be low and that also impact the previous supply chain because forging 
is a heavy duty equipment making process where the setups are larger and if you run smaller 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
batch sizes, the rates for a 5000 piece run and a 50,000 piece run is almost similar for the backend 
of the supply chain has those impacts. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, just in terms of exports, did mention briefly, but would it be fair to assume 50% is trucks 
and 50% would be railways for the exports? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Roughly, that has been, but some time 45-55, but overall, 50-50 and currently rail markets are 
attracting more. We have installed one more double cup line which is the outer line so that we 
can produce a little bit more. So, we are working, as we speak, 6 days, 3 shifts and also installing 
one more line on that. 
Abhishek: 
So, 50% of the export market is growing for you, it is the rest 50%, which has seen a sharp 
decline and the overall export pie has come down from a 35% to 20%. That is the way to look 
at it? 
Sanjay Koul: 
That is absolutely right. And of the truck market, this is a big camp saying that the H2 this year 
that is American H2 that is calendar year should start picking up. So, let us hope if it picks up. 
In the meantime, Indian truck market as you guys know better than me, so we will have to see 
how the Indian truck market also picks up or not picks up as we come closer to the election time. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, whenever this overseas CV, it will be largely classic trucks which will drive growth for the 
export? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Yes. 
Abhishek: 
So, your expectation is whenever it comes back, it should come back pretty sharp because the 
decline has been also sharp? 
Sanjay Koul: 
That is the beauty of  the demand. It falls like a rock and come back like a Gujarati kite; kite 
means Patang not the animal kite. 
Abhishek: 
Sir, the other aspect is also on the process part of it. Now what I understand is you are little more 
on the heavier on the steel side of the business and that is a piece which we see lot of capacity 
addition happening. So, how should one look at this process part of the industry and any thoughts 
on that, Sir? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, largely process is connected to core sectors, so steel which is metal making, cement and 
power generation. Now if you talk to steel, so steel is becoming more attractive. Last year also, 
obviously when the capacity is announced, it is a 2–3-year term to get the installed base coming, 
the mills getting installed. So, this is happening as we talk pretty nicely. More steel installed 
means more bearings and which means more steel getting produced and furthermore 
consumption of bearing taking place and we have a product offering in the metal industry which 
is second to none. So, obviously that helps the cause as most of the application on papers have 
been designed generally around Timken Technology. So, we are looking pretty much bullish on 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
the metal side and we are the only company in India which are running 25 shops inside these 
steel companies. You name the steel maker in India, we are inside the shops and what we do is 
that we ourselves mount the bearings, we choke, dechoke and maintain those so that the 
customers also get the better yield on the life of the bearing. So, we know the trends, we know 
the mills and we are deeply entrenched through the service model as well. So, steel is pretty 
good. On the energy side, as we are also part of pulverizer business, but as the solar business is 
picking up in India and now you see that in India especially Tata Solar and FTH, now they are 
coming up with these solar panels which will rotate. So, Timken India has already started 
working on it through our company in US called Cone Drive, which also owns the company 
called H-Fang in China. So, we have started producing some slew drives ourselves in Bharuch, 
still at a very nascent stage.  These are small components, but these are effectively helping the 
solar panels to move around as per the direction of the sun. And wind as the Government of 
India is very bullish on putting up wind mills, the target they have set for themselves is pretty 
heavy and we see that local wind market, currently the wind market in India was more gearboxes 
getting exported out of ZF, Siemens, etc. and now there is a very nice chance driven by 
Government of India and Adani Green and all these guys are putting up and in the process of 
putting up windmills in Saurashtra, in Kuchh area etc.. So you know wind also looks pretty good, 
the metal looks also good and then on the cement side, we do have the product offering, but they 
are all imported. So, as soon as we complete our Baruch plants by the end of this year, then we 
will start producing SRB of certain range. It won't be the whole of our CRB of the range, which 
will start catering into the cement business or paper business or the sugar business as well. So, 
we are looking very happy with the steel market currently with the investments coming up and 
with our knowledge of steel, should help us on the solar, which is a new thing. Only Timken in 
the bearing companies have this product offering. So, we started doing that. It is small but it can 
become big as China Plus One issue of tariffs. So, importing those cylinders out of China into 
US versus importing them out of the India is another sunrise market. We will see as it comes 
into being. Can’t predict what will happen, but the direction is being set towards that area and 
then in the local wind market of three megawatts, 5 megawatts, Adani Power and companies 
like that starts getting pretty good on that. So, that would be another sunrise in coming months 
and years. 
Abhishek: 
So, just one question on the solar part of it. You are developing the product for rotating solar 
panels towards the sun and maybe those bearings and other things will be required. Does your 
peer already have a product, or it is a new product innovation that will happen in the future? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Parent has the product for last 30 years. 
Abhishek: 
Okay, so peer has the product, you have to develop it. 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, let me clarify this statement. our Parent has taken over a company called Cone Drive, which 
has this product for the last 30 years. 
 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Abhishek: 
Sir, just lastly on the distribution part of the business, how are you focusing on that? Because 
that’s again a very lucrative business in our understanding. How should one look at that aspect? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Now let us divide distribution into two pieces. One is the industrial distribution, and the other is 
the auto distribution. The auto distribution is the heavy truck bearing change, which is mostly, 
largely wheel end. Wheel end bearing gets changed; differential, pinion generally does not get 
changed. So, that is one piece of distribution which has this growth, but we see that our premium 
competitors are leveraging their brand, and they are using in the auto aftermarket, they are 
getting into windshield wipers, oils and things like that. So, that is one part of distribution which 
we are limiting to bearings and grease. We have been selling grease in India under our chemistry 
for last 20 years. So, we are limiting that to our bearings and to grease and adding a related party 
to that, but not going to the extreme of producing windshield cleaners and things like that. But 
on the industrial side, we've been growing CAGR double digit. Obviously, steel is an important 
piece of that, which is a strong MRO requirement. But beyond steel, we are now getting into 
MRO of the general industry, where we were lacking A, product offering, and B, the reach. So, 
we are augmenting our reach and the product offering as well importing from other companies 
of Timken and enhancing our reach into towns and areas where they are getting consumed. So, 
general industry is a sunrise area for us and we are investing heavily into our distribution 
channels to get into those areas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from White Whale Partners. Please 
proceed. 
Kunal Vora: 
I wanted to get some color on the railway side of the business. You see a lot of the wagon 
manufacturers as well as some of the competitors have reported very robust kind of growth 
numbers here. So, can you just give us some color on how you're seeing our business grow and 
whether we are losing any market share to them?  
Sanjay Koul: 
So, on the rail side, so on the freight side, we are the leading player in the Indian rail freight 
market. And when we say freight, this freight over the years has changed itself a little bit. One 
is that once upon a time, Railway Board used to buy it all themselves and then what they used 
to call it as a free supply given to the wagon builders. So, they have changed it. Now they are 
asking the wagon builders who quote for the wagon to buy everything themselves. So, this is 
wagon builder now on one side and they have heavy warranty guarantee commitments to back 
to the Indian Railways. So, that is one piece of it. And second is that these wagons, when 
purchased by the Indian Railways go into circulation, then every four years they go through what 
we call the POH etc. That means that all the bearings will get stripped and then they will have 
to be, if they're old, discarded () , So there are two kinds of buying on freight. One is the buy 
from the Indian workshops which is done by the Railways Board after consolidation. And then 
there is also now the buy by the wagon builders. So, wagon builders have to rely very well on 
really established players because of the fact that if they have one derailment, government of 
India and Indian railways will really wipe their pockets away because of the heavy warranty 
clauses they have. So, Timken is an established player. We do all our mountings on these wagons 
ourselves. We ensure high quality, we ensure mounting is done well, and we have a relationship 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
with the leading wagon builders like Titagarh, Texmaco, Jupiter, Braithwaite, etc. for a number 
of decades. Our team was their interest Timken has the right capacity in place, and we have 
developed the supply chains over the years, and we are bringing in new technology in terms of 
sealing solutions etc. And then government of India on the freight side is also slowly working 
on dedicated freight corridors, class K, which is a little bit of heavier bearing than the normal 
freight bearing. So, we are well entrenched in this game, we are the leading suppliers, and we 
had, the competition was always there. It is not that the competition was not there. It was there 
always and we remain always there. And we are using technology to make sure that we remain 
ahead of the game. We are also using special maintenance practices, which ensure that the Indian 
railways get bit of time on these bearings. And then we are also doing the refurbishment of 
bearings, which means that when they strip the bearing off, we do the refurbishment, and we are 
also looking at getting more nearer to the workshop. We already have a heavy footprint in 
Jamshedpur and we are building in other cities in India as well. So, freight, we have a strong 
position, and we intend to keep that position pretty well using technology, using service, using 
our brand equities with these wagon builders and the relationship as well. So, that is where the 
freight is and freight is obviously, you know, government of India, India Railways has 300,000 
wagons on circulation. There are the rolling stock needs to get changed and at some point of 
time they need to put more wagons on dedicated freight corridor, which is class K. And this 
market as India produces more and more so you can understand that with our roads being 
congested, rail freight business should be better, though the roads are coming up very well as 
well. So, I think freight business is going to remain nice and long. We are nowhere close to what 
China used to consume or still is consuming. The biggest market of rail freight is America, 
followed by China, Russia, India is the fourth largest market of rail freight business. So, if we 
have to, if our economy becomes 10 trillion, so obviously you can understand that 10 trillion 
and out of which 25% is manufacturing, so 2.5 trillion worth of goods to be transported. So, you 
know, a lot of bearings will get consumed on the freight side. 
Kunal Vora: 
What would be our market share railway side? 
Sanjay Koul: 
More than 50% currently. 
Kunal Vora: 
Is it fair to say that we're not losing any market share? 
Sanjay Koul: 
No, we are gaining market share. 
Kunal Vora: 
So, is there lag higher now than it was before in terms of, you know, when the wagon 
manufacturers kind of win the order? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, we were a miniscule market share. In the last 20 years from a miniscule market share, when 
we started Tata Timken, the first thing we started assembling was rail bearing, we had zero 
market share in 1990 at Indian Railways. Today, more than 50% and the pie is growing, 
obviously, the wagon's build is going up. And this item gets consumed. 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Kunal Vora: 
But like you mentioned that the ordering is now done through the wagon manufacturers as well. 
So, is the lag higher in terms of when they win the orders versus when you deliver to them versus 
what it was earlier when you would deliver directly to the railways?  
Sanjay Koul:   
I would say earlier the process was that the Railway Board will buy the bearings, they will tender 
the wagons to different guys, and then the free supply will go through CMMBI to them. That 
was a highly complicated and complex procedure. So, you know, by the time we got the order 
from Railway Board and then allocation from CMMBI supplies to wagon builder, from builder, 
we will get the GRN and put it FMCO at CO6, CO7 and get the payment. It was highly 
complicated, though we had mastered the art. Currently, it is a direct relation. They have the 
forecast. Once they win the tender, they make their production plans. They have the forecast in 
place. And it is pretty much now more into a kind of a symmetrical. As soon as they get the 
order, they start. You say somebody got 20,000 wagon order or 10,000. So, he plans it out and 
then gives us the order and the forecast. So, now it is more seamless as compared to before. 
Kunal Vora: 
So, do you have strong visibility than of the order book as to how you see the railway side of 
business? 
Sanjay Koul: 
We do have visibility of the order book at least for 6 months to 9 months currently. 
Kunal Vora:                
 And sir how do u expect this part of the business to grow? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Yes, things are moving, things are in motion, more tender are coming out and things are shaping 
up well. 
Kunal Vora: 
When tender is won by the Wagon manufacturer, after how long do you actually supply the 
bearings? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, basically, what happens is every year there is a wagon order, every year they are winning 
tenders and they take time to complete that. So, if I call today, every month the supplies are on. 
So, they might themselves get delayed because of other reasons to complete a tender within a 
time span of 12 months, they might go into 14 months or 15 months, complete the complete 
order by the time they have the new order. So, for us now it's a running machine. Three years 
back there were the slow, the start bumps and all that. Now it is a complete running machine. 
So, every wagon builder has a, if I say today has a slight backlog. So, they need components, 
not only bearings, they need other components - bogies, castings, things like that. 
Kunal Vora: 
And when they have to deliver the wagons, do the bearings go on there last in terms of when 
you're actually supplying the bearings? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Bearing has to go first because first the wheel came, so the wheel is the first. Wheel gets mounted 
on the journal and then the bearing gets on bogie and then the fabrication is done. 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Kunal Vora: 
The other question was on wheel set localization and what sort of opportunity that would mean 
for us? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, very good question. So, there are two kinds of wheel sets which are used in India. One is the 
cast wheel, which is like old technology and other is the forged wheel sets. Now, forged wheel 
set as you make more wagons and you do not import them, we use, wheel and axle factory here 
in Bangalore was the largest supplier once upon a time. And we used to import, when I say we, 
Indian Railways, we used to import from China, from Spain, etc. So, localization of wheel is on 
a very high priority of government of India, Indian Railways, obviously because of the fact that 
they want more wagons and make in India is part of it. So, as you know, we have now, 
Ramakrishna has already started that, and a couple of other guys are also there. And I can't 
discuss it now, but it is a good thing where there is some further technology and further changes 
can happen as we localize more wheels, and they can come as an assembly and things like that. 
So, that localization is a good move, and will help us certainly in bringing more value to the 
railways through the wagon builders. 
Kunal Vora: 
How far are we from actually supplying? 
Sanjay Koul: 
I cannot give you any further details on this yet, please. 
Kunal Vora: 
But is it like a year away? Is it two years away? 
Sanjay Koul: 
I can't tell you anything on this. 
Kunal Vora: 
Last question was regarding the Bharuch plant. And can you just give us some colors to what 
we can expect from that going forward? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, Bharuch plant, as we speak, the pillars and columns are coming up. So, we should be able 
to hit the timeline, which is by the end of this year. All the machines are already at the port. We 
are getting machines from different parts of the world. Obviously, these are going to be state of 
art robotics, and things like that. So, machines are already either on the ship, some of them are 
on our Nhava Sheva. So, we should have both of the assets inside our buildings in Bharuch. We 
got a separate storage buildings  available. So, they should be there from already some of them 
are in, you know, transit towards Baruch. So, between now and the next two or three months all 
the assets will be there. The building should be completed by July. That means that when I say 
completed means that we can move the assets in position. And hopefully by end of this year, we 
should be starting to move the PPAP. So, as soon as we are ready by the end of this year, the 
markets which we'll go after is connected to spherical roller bearings and cylindrical roller 
bearings and we'll start producing for the domestic market, which is material handling market, 
for example, and then also the cement industry. And there's a very nice area of export in the 
ASEAN region where people use a lot of spherical bearings in the palm oil business etc. So, 
hopefully next year by this time we will be supplying to the Indian customers out of that plant, 
supplying to experts as well out of this plant. So, that is how the timelines are. We are pretty 
much pleased and hopefully next year when we inaugurate the plant, we will have the chance to 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
get some of you to see the state of the plant. It will be one of the best in this part of the world. 
And we are pleased with the performance currently. We are going all hands on the deck building 
the plant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Mayank Bhandari: 
My first question is on total revenue has been flattish in nine months. Can you break it down in 
terms of volume, degrowth or growth and then pricing? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, if you see our nine month performance, 23-24 versus 22-23, the intercompany which is 
exports is down by 10%. We had a sale of Rs. 2,011 crore which was slightly up. And if you 
see, if you want the, a little bit deeper color, our rail was, nine months to nine months, was up 
by 3%. Mobile & others were up by 1.6%. Distribution was up by 1.1%. Process was up by 5%. 
Inter-company as I said was down by 10%. So, against Rs. 1,989 crore rupees say in 2022-23, 
we are at 2007 roughly. So, the breakup as I said. Rail up, mobile up, distribution up, process 
up, obviously, rail was three and processor was five up again, but intercompany was down by 
10%. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
I am checking on the organic growth I mean the volume part volume growth. So, you are talking 
this, always volume growth? 
Sanjay Koul: 
I am saying organic only. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay, because you see in the parents, Timken parent’s, recent calls they have highlighted that 
this year of CY 24 is going to be a decline, organic decline of 4% to 5% because they are 
expected very bad.  
Sanjay Koul: 
 I cannot comment on the parent. Obviously, we are looking at the globe. And in globe there is 
China and China everybody knows is big time down. So, obviously that is connected to that. I 
did not hear the call, but I read it. So, you must have seen the India piece from our global CEO 
there. So, India organic export is declined, but organic is pretty much okay. And for global, 
China is definitely down, definitely down for all the companies. So, you know, that is a big piece 
and China was obviously a big piece and in China really was a big piece. So, that is why it is 
coming. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
I think their expectation of first half decline of 40% in China, I mean I think definitely it impacts 
our business also as what I understand. So, first two quarters, next two quarters, how do you see 
the export? 
Sanjay Koul: 
I cannot comment on the global things, and I am not authorized to speak about that, but for India 
as I said the domestic organic growth is there very much and our exports are down, which are 
connected to that global piece. 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Secondly, the company, the parent company has done almost six acquisitions last year. Just 
wanted to understand, does any of the acquisition impact our business anyway in India? 
Sanjay Koul: 
None of these acquisitions have, these M&A's, they don't have any factory per se in India. There 
is a company called GGB which has some sales in India, I think around Rs. 50 crore sales in 
India, And then there's another company called DesCase, which is again a North American 
company. They have a sale in India, less than a million. So, these takeovers, Rollon for example, 
they have taken over Nadella. Nadella has a sale in India. 
This is part of, you know, obviously global technology, global take-offs and things like that. For 
us, it has certainly a long-term strategy. You know, had there been a factory in India and we 
could have kind of, you know, then thought about it differently. But certainly, if you see globally, 
India is one of, one is China Plus One, the other is obviously the importance of India's cost-
quality-delivery piece of it. So, you know, as forgetting that any big company in the engineering 
space as they take over companies, wherever they take them in the world and they have footprints 
in India. It is matter of time those supply chain models will start from India. For example, Indians 
can make chains, Indians can make belts, Indians can make filters. And then if there is 
technology available, at some point of time those gaps will get bridged and will become nicer 
business case. So, to your original question, none of these six companies which they took over 
globally, they don't have any manufacturing footprints in India etc. They do have in China, they 
do have in North America, and certainly Europe. But then India has a sweet spot for future of 
becoming part of these global supply chains. So, if they have the technology, the manufacturing 
base can be created in India, which is again a nice work in progress for the Timken India Limited. 
How do we leverage these technologies, how do we create these operations, obviously, you 
know, investments would be required or M&As would be required. So, we are always 
continuously evaluating them. Even last week, I was around India visiting different companies, 
looking at possibilities, things like that, but nothing concrete yet, work in progress. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay, and also we understand that globally there is a lot of consolidation, headcount reductions 
in some of the facilities being consolidation. So, is that kind of limited to global or not impacting 
Indian business? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Not impacting India. So, there are two pieces of it. One is obviously the cost control the global 
companies do when there is a chance of a recession. In India, we are currently running both our 
plants pretty well and we are investing heavily in our distribution channels and things like that. 
So, we are not looking at any contraction per se, but cost has to be, efficiency is always required 
in a manufacturing company. So, more robotics and more process automation which can make 
things better than this, you do more jobs with less people. So, that fight keeps on evolving in 
manufacturing companies, but per se that reduction we are not looking at in India at all. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay, and sir, just on this railways part, you highlighted North America railways is doing good 
and Brazil particularly is doing good. So, within export, how much it is would have been grown 
in nine months within exports? 

 
Timken India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Sanjay Koul: 
For us, exports and rail and this both together, so, they are down. As I said, they are down 9 
months by 10%. And now as I speak, to the previous question, currently the rail market in North 
America and the Americas is going up. So, that should impact our future manufacturing and 
inter- export sales. So, these are not nine months, in last nine months it was not at that level. 
Now past nine months those exports of rail compared to the forward looking, the forward looking 
is a lot better than the regression. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Just last question, Sir, just wanted to understand how much in last year Indian bearings industry 
would have grown in your view, last nine months or last year's? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, Indian bearing industry is still at $2 billion industry. So, it is not a very big industry compared 
to say China used to be $20 billion and out of this $2 billion industry, which is a bearing industry, 
half of it is ball bearing and half is industrial. So, industrial is going at a double digit CAGR and 
will keep on growing because 2 billion is too small. And out of that, 2 billion, half is ball bearing 
which goes into two-wheelers, three-wheelers, and all small passenger car as such. As we 
become more mature as an economy, generally the bearing distribution should be 50% mobile, 
50% stationary equipment. In India, it's still 65% is mobile and 35% is stationary. So, the 35% 
has to become 50, and it is growing, the industrial piece I'm saying is growing double digit. Now, 
the ball bearings we don't track, so I cannot comment on that piece. But it's a small market which 
has to grow a lot on the industrial side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the last question from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal 
Investment. Please proceed. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Sir, within rail, what is the freight contribution and so that figure I missed. So, can you repeat it 
please? 
Sanjay Koul: 
Yes, roughly 60% is freight. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
And lastly, what additional turnover we can expect from our Bharuch plant in the next financial 
year, 2024-25 or it will be in 25-26 only? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So, I would say that, this financial year it will be small, I think it is to be fair to the whole thing. 
2025-26 will be really the volumes and will be there. There will be a small one but, you know, 
it might be Rs. 20 crores - Rs. 30 crores or Rs. 50 crores. We want to do faster, obviously. But 
its real game would be 25-26. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Avendus Spark that concludes this conference, thank you all 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
