 
 
Date: February 09, 2024 
 
To,                                                                                                 To, 
Listing Department   
 
                             Corporate Relationship Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                  BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,                           PJ. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051                                       Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- ADSL                                                                      Scrip Code - 532875 
 
 
Subject: Submission of Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Investors and Analysts held 
on February 05, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript 
of Analysts and Investors Earnings Conference Call on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023, held on Monday, February 05, 2024.The said 
Earnings calls transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
 
https://www.allieddigital.net/in/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/ADSL_Q3_FY2024_Earnings_Call_Transcript_V2.pdf 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
_________________________ 
Nehal Shah 
Director 
DIN: 02766841 
 
NEHAL 
NITIN 
SHAH
Digitally signed 
by NEHAL NITIN 
SHAH 
Date: 2024.02.09 
16:20:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
February 05, 2024 
 
Call Duration 
• 
48 minutes and 57 seconds 
Management Attendees 
• 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Executive Director 
• 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
• 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
• 
Gaurav Agrawal – Nine One Capital 
• 
Saumitra Joshi – HNI 
• 
Faisal Zuber Hawa – HG Hawa & Company 
• 
Darshil Pandya – Finterest Capital 
• 
Shivam Shah – Smart Sync Services 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allied Digital 
Services Limited Q3 and 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter star and one on their 
touchtone phone. To remove yourself from the queue, please enter star 
and two. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on Allied 
Digital Services Limited's earnings call for the third quarter and nine 
months of financial year 2023-24.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD, Mr. 
Nehal Shah, Executive Director, Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO and Mr. 
Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer.  
We will open with comments from Mr. Nehal Shah covering recent 
developments across the business, following which Mr. Paresh Shah will 
cover the operational performance and order wins. Mr. Gopal Tiwari will 
then walk us through the financial highlights, followed by our CMD who 
will share his views on the performance for the quarter. Thereafter, we 
shall open the call for the Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nehal Shah for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Nehal. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for taking 
time to join our earnings call. I trust that all of you had a chance to review 
our earnings documents which were shared earlier.  
Calendar year 2023 marked a significant chapter in our corporate 
journey, owing to multiple achievements, securing contracts from 
renowned clients, expanding our operational footprints, enhancing 
governance standards and revamping our disclosure mechanisms, 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 20 
including a meticulous restructuring of our segmental reporting which 
were some of our . 
 
pivotal accomplishments. Simultaneously we strengthened our financial 
position and instilled best practices across diverse functional domains. 
Recognitions from the esteemed Great Place to Work Institute 
underscored our commitment to exemplary talent management 
practices and added further shine to an already wonderful year.  
Calendar year 2024 promises to be even better. We have begun with an 
improving pipeline of business. There have been several renewals by 
existing customers accompanied by a healthy level of farming which 
indicates additional assignments or widening of scope from contracts in 
place. Discussions with potential customers have gained momentum too.  
Further, we continue to make strategic progress on our SaaS platform 
ADiTaaS, which is witnessing upgrades and enhancements with multiple 
initiatives proving successful. Our teams have been actively deploying 
these tools across ops for over 8 years now, which has contributed to the 
development momentum. In Government Projects too, we are 
positioning ADiTaaS as an EMS platform.  
Coming to our performance for the quarter 3, in quarter 3 we reported 
consolidated revenues of INR171 crores, registering marginal growth on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis. We believe this has been a resilient 
performance considering the transient challenges encountered 
especially the delays and deferrals in the closing of contracts in the US. In 
fact, we have delivered sequential improvements in revenues and 
profitability through each quarter of this financial year. If you split our 
year-on-year performance across two key geographies of India and the 
rest of the world, it is apparent that the revenues from India have 
increased nearly 50% year-on-year, both from a quarter as well as a 9-
month period. 
 
This is also clear from our stand-alone results, which capture the 
performance in the domestic market. Having said that, we now see an 
improved landscape globally. Discussions and evaluations with customers 
are now moving forward at an accelerated pace. There is now more 
definitive engagement from scope of work and delivery, and we are 
confident that we will be able to convert some of the opportunity into 
revenue. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 20 
 
With that, I would like to hand over to our Global CEO Mr. Paresh Shah 
to share key insights about the operational performance and key 
developments during the quarter. 
Paresh Shah: 
Thank you, Nehal. A very good afternoon to everyone. I will now brief you 
through the operational performance and key developments during this 
quarter.  
A key highlight of this quarter has been a showcase of our capability of 
generating additional revenues from existing customers or what we say 
is farming. This has been well supported by a steady pace of renewals. 
Some of the meaningful engagement renewals include one of the largest 
global FMCG companies and a valued customer of ours instrumental in 
providing us with a sizeable renewal. For this customer, since the 
inception of our partnership in 2018, we have delivered comprehensive 
digital workplace management services across more than 60 
international locations. 
 
This recent renewal reiterates our delivery capabilities involving 
integration of additional manufacturing sites in the U.S., resulting in a 
noteworthy boost to our annual revenues and additional $1 million on 
top of the existing $2 million of revenue.  
Moreover, we are pleased to announce the continuation of our successful 
partnership with a prominent American home appliance brand for 
another year. This renewal valued at $2.7 million for the calendar year 
2024 is a testament to the pivotal role played by our 24 by 7 service help 
desk alongside workplace solutions for their factory support and depot 
services across the U.S., Europe and Asia. 
 
Third, I wanted to highlight is the quick services restaurant business. Our 
enduring decade-long association with the distinguished restaurant chain 
has been extended for another year. Our back-of-house IT support 
covering 4,700 restaurants in 48 states across the U.S. emphasizes our 
commitment to the longstanding partnership further reinforced to a $1.8 
million contract renewal.  
Lastly, I am also thrilled to share that in addition to these substantial 
renewals, we have secured a $2 million increase in our net new business 
from our existing clients. This achievement underscores our unwavering 
commitment to excellence and client satisfaction.  

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 20 
In terms of new orders, with the start of January, we won a prestigious 
award for Ayodhya Smart City. Allied Digital Services Limited has been 
selected as the Master System Integrator for the integration of CCTV 
Surveillance cameras into the existing Command and Control Room for 
the Ayodhya Smart City Project. 
We have also added a bank based out of the East Coast in the US as our 
customer to provide end-user transformation services for a period of 
three years.  
I am pleased to share we have also witnessed traction in our offerings 
around Cybersecurity with the addition of new customers towards the 
end of the quarter. 
Recently, the city of Normal in Illinois has selected Allied Digital as a 
partner master system integrator for multiple projects involving our 
expertise.  
You would be aware that we have been strengthening our partnership 
with large IT service firms and global consulting firms to jointly serve 
customers. Through these partnerships, there has been a significant 
inflow of our new customers, including several marquee global names. 
Having built up a richer client mix over the last two to three years with a 
more elaborate track record, we are now also reemphasizing in our direct 
channels for sales and marketing. These will be leveraged more 
comprehensively to add new businesses in this year.  
As mentioned by Nehal, we are getting more optimistic about the 
opportunities in the pipeline. While delays in customers' decision to 
select partners have stretched the time to close contracts in recent 
months, we expect to see better traction in the IT business. This 
momentum in the US market is likely to be accompanied by growing 
interest in Europe and APAC markets in coming quarters too. 
With that, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Mr. Gopal Tiwari, to cover 
the financial highlights for the quarter under review. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Thank you, Pareshbhai. I'll now quickly cover the financial highlights for 
the quarter under review.  
A buoyant backdrop for businesses in India is encouraging domestic 
enterprises to invest further for growth, aiding the sentiment around IT 
spending. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 20 
In the US, the focus still remains on cost cutting, and that's why we see 
the delayed decision-making by potential customers, which then impact 
IT spending. This is clearly reflected in our financial performance.  
In Q3 FY24, our consolidated revenue reached INR171 crores, indicating 
a marginal increase from INR170 crores in Q2 FY24, and a slight decrease 
compared to Q3 FY23, which amounted to INR174 crores. 
For the quarter, our EBITDA was INR21 crores compared to INR20 crores 
in Q2 FY24, lower than INR30 crores in Q3 FY23. The EBITDA margin 
remained consistent at 12%, aligning with the figure from Q2 FY24, while 
it was 17% in Q3 FY23. Profit after tax for Q3 FY24 was INR12 crores 
compared to INR11 crores in Q2 FY24.  
Turning to the financials, for the 9-month period ended December 31, 
2023, revenue stood at INR510 crores, reflecting a 3% increase from 
INR494 crores in 9 months FY23. EBITDA stood at INR59 crores compared 
to INR70 crores in 9 months FY23. EBITDA margin stood at 12% as 
compared to 14% in 9 months FY23. PAT for 9 months FY24 was INR32 
crores, as against INR44 crores in 9 months FY23.  
There has been sequential growth in revenue and profitability in each 
quarter of the current financial year. In the last quarter, we had 
mentioned that the worst was behind us, and the improving trajectory of 
performance, although gradual, is clearly validating our position.  
I mentioned earlier about the business environment in India being more 
buoyant, and this is reflected in our standalone financials for the quarter. 
In Q3 FY24, revenue reached INR269 crores, a 36% increase from INR51 
crores in the corresponding quarter last year. EBITDA stood at INR11 
crores, marking a substantial 110% increase from INR5 crores. EBITDA 
margin for Q3 FY24 was 16% compared to 11% in Q3 FY23. The PAT for 
the quarter stood at INR6 crores, reflecting sharp growth of 115% YOY 
compared to INR3 crores in Q3 FY23.  
In 9M FY24, revenue stood at INR204 crores as compared to INR145 
crores, higher by 41%. EBITDA stood at INR30 crores as compared to 
INR15 crores, up by 107%. EBITDA margin stood at 15% in 9 months FY24 
as compared to 10% in 9 months FY23. PAT again stood at INR15 crores 
as compared to INR9 crores, growing by 80%.  
Some perspectives to share regarding our performance for the quarter. 
The traction in Government projects in India has led to continued 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 20 
strength on cash flows, and our overall cash position has displayed an 
improving trend, especially when looked at over a period of last 10-12 
quarters. 
Moreover, we have carefully managed our capital expenditure, resulting 
in no major CAPEX spends during this period. Since we have capacity in 
place to support our growth plans for coming years, we are evaluating 
further debt reduction even though our leverage position is very 
comfortable at present.  
We have already commenced the foreclosure of some of our project 
finance loans. This will enable us to save on interest expense and 
consequently help in improving profitability further. Lowering of leverage 
will open up headroom on our balance sheet for additional working 
capital requirements as we anticipate closing of large orders in the 
pipeline in the near future.  
With this solid financial foundation, we are well equipped to seize 
opportunities, invest in growth initiatives and deliver sustainable value to 
our stakeholders. 
Thank you. I will now hand over the call to our CMD, Mr. Nitin Shah, for 
his comments. Over to you. 
Nitin Shah: 
Thank you, Gopal. Welcome all the investors. Let me give you the 
perspective behind Allied Digital. As you have been seeing that we have 
been changing the growth trajectory by targeting all newer opportunities 
of the client, for which we took a lot of time to upgrade ourselves and 
transform our company internally by scaling up most of our people to the 
relevant technology. 
It has been a big task for me and that's what I look upon to make our ship 
very powerful. I can tell you with the kind of overall skill set that we have 
got in our company, I don't think so with our size. Anybody in our size, 
nobody would be there in the world. 
This is what I feel and hence we have a huge opportunity to grow further. 
As you know that we have created different towers to align different skill 
set. So, if you look upon that, we are covering almost everything. 
Now we have also created a good platform for our software division also, 
and we are incorporating AI, leveraging a lot on AI. And you know, 
Generative AI and also all our future platform will have generative AI by 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 20 
default. Secondly, when you talk about Smart City, the one which 
probably will be announced soon, and there are a lot of news which are 
coming in TV and newspaper, where it's going to be very unique for our 
country is the Lucknow Smart City. 
And Lucknow has incorporated several unique smart elements, like for 
example, acid throwing action can be captured anywhere that happens, 
or some street gambling that's happening, which will also be captured 
automatically at the command and control center. And that particular 
project we have done totally on our own. And that's the reason we have 
been selected for Ayodhya in Uttar Pradesh. 
 
So, if you look upon, last year was a year where our resolution was, let's 
make our company extremely matured, smart governance, service 
governance. I think we have achieved a lot, and we are second to none. 
Supporting very, very large customer is what we understand, as much as 
what large companies understand. 
 
So, the challenge is different for us. We cannot attract very, very large 
customers, but we choose to work as a Tier 2. And now Tier 2 is not staff 
augmentation. We are doing a lot of managed services for them. Like 
some of the large players, they cannot do certain things which they would 
like to give it to us. So outsourcing is always two types. 
 
Some people, they can do outsourcing. They can execute certain activity, 
but they want to outsource it. Maybe they would like to focus on 
something else, large company I'm talking about. And some companies 
that we have seen, they cannot address large opportunities. So, they 
rather would like to make us as their partners. 
 
And that helps us a lot, because by doing that, we are, as it is very 
matured in service governance, and we can get, large amount of time that 
we spend, we get larger pie of the large contract. And that's what we 
prefer. We are not into too small companies. And, margins, we are 
looking at very seriously. 
 
If there is no margin, if it is lower hanging fruits, we would not like to bid 
for that. Or we may not reduce our cost. So, we may not get that for most 
commonly people, kind of client opportunities. So, we feel that is let's 
start addressing or trying to take up the higher hanging fruits. And that's 
what we have been doing. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 20 
 
And let's see this next year looks very promising for us. Unfortunately, 
some of the large deals got delayed and it could not happen in last 
quarter December, which we were expecting. But probably this may 
probably happen in it is a futuristic statement, because we already got 
confirmation. But we have not incorporated in our December result. 
 
And we are very confident that we will get this year. We have taken a 
kind of a call to make our sales and marketing very, very strong, because 
that was something, the easiest thing that we were missing out. But we 
spent a lot of time in making our company very, very technically sound. 
 
So now we are we have decided, this year, to make our sales and 
marketing very strong. And for which we have on-boarded. I think it's 
something we'll be announcing soon. One Mr. Ramanan Ramnathan, who 
was responsible to bring TCS when TCS was less than $100 million. And 
now, as you know, it's more than $26 billion. 
 
Most of the top 10 contracts were actually taken by him and still they are 
running today. And he was deputed as a managing director on behalf of 
TCS when they acquired CMC. And he turned around CMC, which was not 
doing great. And he's brought about 2,000% growth in that CMC. 
 
So, he's very excited to work together with us. And he's regularly coming 
into our review calls and all that. So, we are confident the future will 
definitely be doing great. So, this is what I can say at higher end at 30,000 
feet. So now may I ask you to ask any question, whatever that you got. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you. Rayo, can we open the floor for Q&A, please? 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Gaurav Agrawal from Nine 
One Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, 
congratulations for showing the resilient results in an environment where 
many IT companies are not able to show this kind of results.  
Sir, you talked about, we have two things in mind. One is the global 
consulting and IT companies. And other are corporates, which are like 
running their own businesses. 
 
And you talked about you have a couple of large deals in your pipeline, 
which are taking some time because of decision delays. So, I wanted to 
check from which side of clients are you facing these decision delays. Is it 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 20 
from the IT companies, consulting companies, or is it from these, large, 
large operating companies, maybe in the banking or in other sectors? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes. So let me understand your question. You're talking about where 
these delays are or which type of customers they are in the sector, right?  
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Right. So, I understand that you serve two sets of customers. Number one 
are the typical IT companies or consulting companies. And there are 
companies which are in the banking sector or in the as you said, in the 
fast-food sector, etcetera. So where are you facing delays specifically? 
Paresh Shah: 
So, these IT companies are our partners. So, the delays are only on the 
end user customers. Which are in the general enterprise sector, whether 
they are large banks or whether they are large FMCG companies. So, they 
are right now into if you look at the US market. So, the decision making 
just gets delayed. 
 
And we see that, trending just because of the overall environment. But I 
see a great change happening. And we see, we saw the quarter starting 
with the big bang. And definitely there's a good announcement that will 
follow because we have got certain verbal, confirmation. But we will 
await proper formal contracts to follow for whatever wins that we have 
got. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
So if I understand you correctly, basically the delay is happening from the 
customer's general enterprise side to your clients, which are basically IT 
companies. And once they get the confirmation, they will get the 
business. This is how the model is.  
Nehal Shah: 
Right. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Understood. 
Nehal Shah: 
Just to add to what Pareshbhai said, most of the time, last quarter of the 
calendar year is always very slow globally. So that's the reason that 
people were just delaying or taking certain decisions, whether they 
wanted to go ahead or not. But as he rightly mentioned, the start of the 
year has been great. 
We have had some good verbal confirmations from our customers. We 
are just waiting for the final documentation to happen. Once that is done, 
we will be in a position to announce them. So, I feel we are on the right 
track. The further quarters are going to be good. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 20 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
Okay. And sir lastly, if you can just give us a 3-year, 4-year perspective 
where we want to take this company to. I know that you mentioned, even 
if these large deals were not to come through, you will anyway go to 
INR1,000 crores revenue run rate in a 3-year period. Is there any change 
in that stance? And if these deals come through, what kind of revenue 
scale can we go to? Any broad points would be very, very helpful for us.  
Nehal Shah: 
Now, from the last quarter, I mentioned, we have not changed anything. 
We are still, as we feel that the target of INR1,000 crores is very 
achievable. And with the pipeline and the closures that we are getting, 
maybe one or two quarters here, but we are still on the track for 
achieving that. That shouldn't be a challenge. 
Gaurav Agrawal: 
And so, margins-wise, any change in the margins that you will see in this 
journey from 11-12 kind of margins, where can it go? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, from a margin perspective, I would say we have bottomed out from 
our last quarter to this quarter. I think from the next quarter onwards, 
we should be seeing the upward trend. We want to slowly try and achieve 
the mid-teens, maybe next 4 to 6 quarters or maybe 8 quarters. That is 
where our target is to reach mid-teens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soumitra Joshi an HNI. 
Please go ahead.  
Soumitra Joshi: 
Yes. So, the first question is, please correct me if I'm wrong. I just heard 
that within a year, the revenues are expected to go to INR1,000 crores. 
As per my understanding, the target is for FY'26. Is that understanding 
correct? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes. So, in the last quarter call, I had said the same thing and that 
continues. There is no change beyond that. So, the next 2 to 3 years, we 
should be reaching there at INR1,000 crores. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
I just got a little confused. The target is not for one year. The target is for 
the next 2, 3 years, we need to reach INR1,000 crores. Correct? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes. And that's the target. Correct. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
Yes. And the second thing is with respect to the margins. So, we are 
expecting that probably around 12% we will bottom out. But when will 
exactly the upward trajectory start? Why I'm saying this is that we were 
recently in the US, and we were talking and we've spoken to some of the 
people in the IT services industry also, some CEOs of companies. There is 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 20 
this nagging thing that is going on that the clients are promising. But 
ultimately, when it comes down to signing the deal, they're not signing it 
right now. They're just waiting. Let's wait for a few months. Let's see what 
is happening. Let's see where the economy goes. And then probably we'll 
go in with this contract. So, the contracts are there, no doubt. But the 
signing or the bottom-line signing is not happening.  
And what they have predicted was that probably, and you can correct me 
if I'm wrong, that probably the next year might be on similar lines and the 
trajectory will start from the year onwards. So, is there any, what is your 
view on the same? And is there a lacuna in this understanding? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, Soumitra, from an overall perspective, that is correct. But I'm talking 
more from our perspective. So, we were also facing the same delays in 
the last two quarters. If you see our numbers, top line was also similar. 
That's because our order book is strong, and we just don't need to run 
after orders every quarter. But what happened at the start of this year, 
the calendar year, we got some verbal confirmations from some large 
customers. 
And that actually kept us excited. And we are very upbeat after that. So, 
I think while the overall ratio still feels that there is a lacuna, it may take 
three, four quarters. But for us to start this year has been with a bang. 
Nitin Shah: 
Yes, I'm Nitin Shah here. What is happening that the US market has 
become a little bit sluggish, maybe more from a psychological point of 
view. The spending capex is getting reduced. But what we are doing is a 
non-discretionary kind of a spend. It's an infrastructure, especially 
Infrastructure Management Services. 
They cannot avoid that. But nowadays, they club together with the 
overall partner, where everything they want to give it to. So, there is a 
slowness in that process. It takes time for them. And sometimes the 
existing contracts, because they have not decided, they try to continue 
with the same vendor for a couple of quarters. And that's why we remain 
unpredictable.  
But we are very sure that some of those contracts, which we have been -
- firstly, whatever we have been serving, almost all the customers are 
getting continued with us. So, we have already a certain amount of 
revenue. And all that which is coming, the new is a completely net new 
kind of an opportunity and new clients will be coming. So, I'm not worried 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 20 
on that amount because you can't struggle with the sluggish market in 
the US. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
Absolutely understandable. I understand it's not a problem with the 
company. It's something that is happening across the entire system that 
this is happening. So, what I wanted to understand was, it's not as if the 
contracts have gone anywhere. There might be some delay of, let's say, 
a quarter or two here and there, but those contracts will eventually land 
up is what I've understood.  So it's only a delay that can happen. It's not 
about the contracts going anywhere. Now, the second part is on the 
margin aspect. So, what we were looking at, and you can please correct 
me, that for this year we'll end around 14%. So obviously that will not 
happen because now only one particular quarter is left. 
And for perfectly understandable reasons of why it is not happening. But 
can we have some kind of a guidance from a margin perspective for, let's 
say, the next year? Can we look at probably, if not a lot, by increasing 
some 100 basis points, 150 basis points on this particular margin profile? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, so that's the idea. So, what happened this year, if you see our 
segment breakup also, you will see that we have done a lot of 
government projects which were in the deployment stage. Generally, our 
margins keep on improving during the operation and maintenance phase, 
which starts post-deployment. 
So, once we are done with the deployment, we are pushed into the O&M. 
And that's why we feel that there is a huge possibility of margin 
improvements. And that's why we are a little bit more positive when it 
comes to margin improvement. And we should be there by 100 basis 
points, 150 basis points in the next three-four quarters. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
So that's the medium, or rather, let's say, short-term aim. Probably in the 
long-term, we will be looking at much, much higher margins when going 
past Rs.  1,000 crore, we should at least be around 15%, 16%, if not more, 
in terms of our OPM. Is that understanding correct? 
Nehal Shah: 
That is what the intent is, correct. 
Soumitra Joshi: 
Yes, yes, perfect. We can only aspire. That is something that we will work 
upon and see where we go. Perfect, perfect. Thank you so much. So those 
were the queries from my side. Thank you. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from Faisal Zuber Hawa from 
HG Hawa & Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So what are the KRAs we have set for Mr. Ramanathan? And what is the 
kind of target that he has been set in terms of which verticals will he really 
attempt to scale up for us? That is one.  
Nitin Shah: 
I understood your question. What would be the role of Ramanathan? He 
is not one particular tower. He is quite known because he was in NITI 
Aayog just before coming to us. And maybe next time we will also have 
him here. So, he probably came on board in the month of December. And 
the first thing that we had a sales meet and strategic meet in the US. Then 
he spent four days with us, understood our capabilities and all. 
He got more excited. And then we are meeting here in India. He is based 
in Mumbai. And almost every review meeting he is there and taking care 
of the sales. See, we have kept him basically this year as I have told you 
to strengthen our sales engine, sales and marketing. So that is what he is 
looking into. 
He will be doing rigorous reviews of the sales meet in every Thursday that 
we have got. And then he is finding out what is the outcome of those and 
where. And then he is suggesting us what not to do and what to do. 
Nehal Shah: 
Just to add to what he is saying is that Mr. Ramanathan is going to be 
advising us for strategic upgrades in the organization. Since he has 
worked extensively in a company which was very large to our size. We 
wanted a leapfrog jump that we aspire to be. 
So, from a person like him who comes and joins us and advises us on 
various things. Whether it is growth in the sales. Whether it is improving 
the governance to the next level. Whether it is better to do delivery. And 
also, how to farm and get more direct customers. So, these are the places 
where he is overall helping us and guiding us with all his experience. 
Faisal Hawa: 
With due respect, I understood this. Because I have been following his 
progress from the time at CMC also. But I expected a more detailed 
mathematical answer to it. That how is his salary and variable salaries 
linked to the kind of sales that he will get. And what is the sales target 
that he has been set. Because we have hired a heavyweight from the 
industry. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 20 
So definitely it would be only to leapfrog the company. I wanted more of 
a correlation between the mathematical target that he has and his 
various variable salaries. So even if it is a 3-year target, 4-year target. It 
could be a fair answer. We always like companies which hire very 
legendary people to scale up their companies. So even if it is a 3-year or 
4-year target. If you could give a more mathematical answer, I would be 
highly grateful. 
Nehal Shah: 
You are right Faisal. So, what has happened is that December is the only 
month that he has joined us. And we were in the discussion phase 
whether how or where we want to take the organization. So just about a 
month. Most of his money and most of his revenue. Everything is going 
to be linked to the revenue and top line growth. That is what is being 
discussed and derived out. A formal document regarding that is under 
process. 
And that is the reason that you have not seen any BSE/NSE 
announcements. We should be announcing that soon. So once the 
document is ready where we will jot down and put things that are good 
with him also and is okay with us also. 
So once that is done, we will have a proper document being given out to 
the stock exchanges. 
Faisal Hawa: 
One more thing. Mr. Nitin Shah said in his opening remarks that the 
company is now almost having much. It is scaled through many verticals. 
And for a small company, it is a very good achievement. So, would it be a 
right statement to make that now that we have the capabilities, our only 
job left is to scale our products through different markets and really pitch 
again and again to the large and medium customers? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes, exactly. So, I think that is what he said in the second statement that 
the most focus this year is going to be on sales and marketing. So, we are 
having a two-way approach. One is to of course go with our partner that 
we have been doing for years. Second approach is to go direct and take 
small and medium Enterprise customers as direct customers because 
direct gives us a lot of capability of expanding other service lines that we 
have. 
We are not only stopped at one line of business, but when we have direct 
customers, there are a lot of opportunities that happen. So cross selling, 
cross and farming, both of it happen at a very large scale.  

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 20 
Paresh Shah: 
So just to add what Nehal said, we are also focusing on quality of business 
or using the right business mix. This quarter also has been instrumental 
in improving our other towers like Cybersecurity and Cloud and also big 
data platform. So, this is what we foresee that we can go direct, even 
have an improvement of our margins also and open up new avenues 
along with direct business. 
Faisal Hawa: 
So, any attempt to really take advantage of the data privacy laws that are 
going to come into India now and the kind of compliances that corporates 
will have with regard to cyber security and to really generate revenue 
from it? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes, absolutely, because that's going to be a big factor on a lot of 
discussions because data security, data privacy plays a pivotal role in 
large data lake solutions. At the same time, that becomes also important 
for the cybersecurity point of view because cybersecurity is very holistic. 
So, a lot of new architectures will focus on cybersecurity and data 
management techniques. 
And we are already foreseeing this. We are seeing opportunities coming, 
especially on data privacy issues. 
Faisal Hawa: 
And sir, if I may just squeeze in the last question, we have been through 
a very tumultuous phase between 2012 and almost to 2015. So, any key 
learnings from there and which we would, having revised the company, 
that we have imbibed and that we will take care of in the future? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, a lot of learnings that we have had from the last 12, 13 years, some 
of them I would want to put down is to have better governance. We have 
a far better, superior governance structure today. We have the right kind 
of management team, more structured approach towards growing the 
organization. And the most important thing is to decide what not to do. 
So, there are a couple of businesses which we have decided not to do and 
we have stopped completely. So, these are some of the key learnings that 
we have had. And also, when I say this, I would just want to add that from 
compliance perspective also, now we have become very, very robust. 
All of our statutory compliances and other things are absolutely on track. 
And that's the reason that we see today we are growing at a steady pace. 
So, this was some of the key learnings of the last 8-10 years when we 
went to the sinusoidal downward wave. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Darshil Pandya from Finterest 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Hello, sir. Sir, my question is regarding to the last quarter where you said 
that the company is into discussions with the mid-size bank, and they are 
offering pilot programs to show the effectiveness of the solution. What's 
the update on that? In the last quarter, you said you were targeting the 
banking sector as well for the SaaS. 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes. So last quarter, we mentioned about targeting a SaaS platform for 
mid-size banks. This is another area that we are constantly focusing on. 
We have tied up with one of the partners in the US where we are working 
specially only for BFSI segment to build solutions there. And that's where 
we'll be targeting our SaaS platform also, along with our Infrastructure 
Services. We have also taken this SaaS platform to another level to build 
automation on top of our ADiTaaS platform also to build enterprise 
automation. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Got it. Got it. And anything on the rural banks that you are working on? 
Paresh Shah: 
So that's the same thing for FinoAllied products that you are talking 
about. And, yes, rural banks we are still working on because we have to 
work with a lot of government agencies. And this being, you know, 
election year, there are kind of also changes that are happening there in 
the banking sector. So we are trying to understand and try to position our 
product accordingly. 
Nehal Shah: 
So, Darshil, what has happened with respect to our FinoAllied product? It 
is like who is going to get the bell first. So that's what is happening right 
now. We are in active discussions with three or four cooperative banks. 
And it is a matter of time when one of them would be agreeing to take a 
POC. The ideal scenario is to go for a POC. 
Once we do a successful POC, suppose that the deployment can start. 
And then there are referrals that will keep coming. 
Nitin Shah: 
See, it's too early, Nitin Shah here, it is too early to adapt convergence 
technology. But that's going to be the future technology, no matter 
whatever application that you think about. 
Say, for example, doctors, they don't have time to feed any information, 
which is very important for them. So, they probably would be using the 
conversation technology. Maybe our food item is one to get it from any 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 20 
of these vendors like Swiggy or something. People would prefer to use 
conversation. At the same time, we have a problem about not 
understanding technology. 
So, they would rather speak, which will be understood using Generative 
AI. And then it could take decisions. So, the future is all about 
conversation. And it's too, too early to get this adapted. But we will be 
the early mover once it is adapted.  
Paresh Shah: 
Apart from banking, we are seeing a lot of opportunities in conversational 
AI across many industries. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Got it. So, as you said that you will be focusing on sales and marketing 
this year more, So do we think that this is going to be a transformation? 
So, you think that this can be the guide? The thing can be done early? We 
can achieve this before maybe this year or in first half? 
Nitin Shah: 
So, the idea is to understand the pain that we feel. We constantly 
evaluate and do self-inspection. We feel we have so much of 
opportunities and so much of strength. Why are we not growing at a 
faster speed? In the analysis, we made very robust service delivery. Till 
now, focusing only on service delivery, which has again changed kind of 
requirement coming. But now we feel that our reach is less. 
 
So, we need to increase our sales force and want to make our sales engine 
more robust and strong. So, this year you will see. And now this guy has 
also come on board, Ramanan. He is also involved directly in terms of 
strengthening our sales engine. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Correct. Got it. What's the guidance for this year? As you said that H2 will 
be better than H1. So what can we expect from the company for this 
specific year? 
Nehal Shah: 
I think it would be a sequential growth that we see. But I would still once 
again reiterate rather than looking at quarter-or-quarter. Maybe this year 
has been muted for all the IT companies. Next year I feel is going to be 
far more better. So, most of the deals that we close probably in the 
month of January, February, start realizing in our books in the month of 
April, May, June. So, the first quarter and second quarter next year are 
going to be far more better than what we see for this two quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shivam Shah from Smart Sync 
Services. Please go ahead. 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 20 
Shivam Shah:  
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Can you please throw some light 
on the number of Smart City projects that the company is executing at 
the moment? Apart from Ayodhya. 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes. So let me just tell you several projects being executed, as you know, 
some of them being Lucknow, Solapur, Amritsar, Jalandhar and 
Sultanpur. So, plenty of action happening on them right now. I can give 
you certain important updates on smart cities. The Lucknow project is on 
the verge of going live. So, this quarter that will be going live. 
 
Solapur also going live. We have 95% of the work and that's where you 
will start seeing a lot of completion revenues also over time. Also, 
projects in Amritsar and Jalandhar. I think Amritsar will go live this 
quarter and Jalandhar may stretch into the next. We see that a lot of 
activity happening. Ayodhya, we have just started and that's going to be 
also Bidkin, Aurangabad and Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad are already, as 
you know, and Kalyan-Dombivali. So, these are already on the O&M, 
which will continue. Also, I forgot Rajkot. So, we see a good traction on 
the O&M, which is already continuing. And the new projects, which we 
took last one, one and a half years back are pretty much on the closure 
side. So, there will be a lot of closures this quarter also. 
Shivam Shah:  
Okay. And also one more question. With the US markets looking weak, 
are we looking at being aggressive like with the domestic projects? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes. So domestic markets are doing good today. We are aggressive. But 
US market also we see a very, I mean, say short term slump. I don't see 
that's going to be too bad because there is a heavy cost cutting underway. 
And we see that the market's picking up and this being an election year, 
even the US, I'm sure, you know, there'll be a lot of new projects. 
 
So usually, the technology market works a lot. And we being in the 
infrastructure part of it, the O&M part, the maintenance part is a 
continuous process. But I would say there's a lot of new traction on the 
new projects also that should start kicking in as soon as, you know, the 
companies stabilize in their cost cutting, which I see soon happening in 
this quarter. 
 
So, I see market picking up good on the H2 side from the US also. And 
Indian market looks pretty good even in next one or two quarters. 
Shivam Shah:  
Got it, sir. And sir, one last question. What about data centers? Like are 
we seeing any traction there? 

 
 Q3 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 20 of 20 
Nitin Shah: 
As a strategy, we'll not be building our own data center. It's a hyper 
competitive market. Very large data center players are there. So we are 
basically OPEX intensive company, not CAPEX intensive. So we do not 
have intent to build a large data center. But yes, we will leverage 
somebody else's data center by having a complete care from there. 
 
So, we have a lot of choices to use from. And it's a highly competitive 
market. So, our customers, if we have got to put them into data center, 
we have a few choices where we want to put them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There are no further questions. I'd like to hand the conference 
back to the management team for closing comments. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for your participation and engagement during this call. If you 
have any additional questions or require further information about our 
company, please reach out to our team or contact CDR India. We look 
forward to interacting again in the next quarter. Thank you, everyone. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much on behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited. That 
concludes the conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and 
gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
