 
 
IFGL REFRACTORIES LIMITED 
www.ifglgroup.com 
Head & Corporate Office: McLeod House 
3 Netaji Subhas Road, Kolkata 700 001, India 
Tel: +91 33 4010 6100  |  Email: ifgl.ho@ifgl.in 
Registered Office: Sector B, Kalunga Industrial Estate 
P.O. Kalunga, Dist. Sundergarh, Odisha 770 031, India 
Tel: +91 661 266 0195  |  Email: ifgl.works@ifgl.in 
 
CIN: L51909OR2007PLC027954  
 
 
 
 
12th February, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
 
BSE Limited   
 
 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
Dalal Street  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051  
 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Code :  IFGLEXPOR  
 
 
 
Code: 540774 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Re: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In compliance of above, please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
on 3QFY24 and outlook of the Business, held on Tuesday, 6th February, 2024.  A copy of this 
is also being hosted on Company's Website: https://ifglgroup.com/investor/meetings-reports/ 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IFGL Refractories Ltd. 
 
 
 
(Mansi Damani) 
Company Secretary 
Email: mansi.damani@ifgl.in 
 
Encl: As above 
Mansi 
Damani
Digitally signed 
by Mansi Damani 
Date: 2024.02.12 
19:16:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“IFGL Refractories Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 6th February 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SAHIL SANGHVI – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. James Leacock McIntosh – Managing Director – IFGL 
Refractories Limited 
Mr. Kamal Sarda – Director and CEO India – IFGL Refractories 
Limited 
Mr. Amit Agarwal – Chief Financial Officer– IFGL Refractories 
Limited 
 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q3 and 9M FY2024 Earnings Conference Call of IFGL 
Refractories Limited hosted by Monarch Networth Capital. This conference call may contain 
forward looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future 
performance of the company and it may involve risk and uncertainty that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Thank you Manuja. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, I 
welcome you all to the Q3 and nine months FY2024 earnings conference call of IFGL 
Refractories Limited. We are pleased to have with us the management being represented by Mr. 
James McIntosh, the Managing Director, Mr. Kamal Sarda, Director and CEO India and Amit 
Agarwal Chief Financial Officer. We will have opening remarks from the management followed 
by question and answer session. Thank you and over to you James Sir! Please go ahead Sir. 
James McIntosh: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the conference call. Along with me on the 
call we have Kamal Sarda, Director and CEO India and Amit Agarwal our CFO and SGA, our 
Investor Relations Advisors. We have uploaded the results and presentation to the stock 
exchanges, and I hope everyone has had a chance to go through this. As we navigate the dynamic 
global economic landscape, I am excited to share insights on the significant opportunities that lie 
ahead in the Indian market in particular. The Indian economy has proven its resilience 
particularly in the face of challenging high interest rate environment. This tenacity is a testament 
to the nation's economic powers and its ability to overcome obstacles. IFGL initially we 
emphasized exports, but current strategy underscores a deliberate shift towards a more 
concentrated approach in the domestic market. This reflects the company's commitment to 
bolster and elevate its overall capabilities. It is crucial to acknowledge the favorable conditions 
that the country offers for sustainable growth. As you all know at the moment IFGL markets 
mainly revolve around the world of steel. According to the World of Steel Association the steel 
sector is exhibiting a robust annual growth rate of around 7% in India. Overseas operations 
however are having slowdown particularly in Europe with contributing factors including labor 
shortages and ongoing regional crisis. The repercussions of the Russia-Ukraine war coupled with 
elevated interest rates and energy costs are placing substantial burden on the manufacturing 
activities in the affected areas. Additionally, on the export front challenges in the Red Sea region 
are manifesting in a significant increase in freight rates further complicating international freight 
dynamics for these operations. In response to the observed slowdown in our overseas operations, 
particularly in Europe, we are taking proactive measures by embracing automation and robotics. 
Our main goal is to strategically reduce cost with the anticipation of an eventual market turn 
around by leveraging cutting edge technology we aim to enhance efficiency in production and 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
supply of our products. This forward-looking approach positions us to be well prepared to meet 
demand and capitalize on the opportunities when market conditions become more favorable. 
Further commenting on our subsidiaries worldwide in Hoffman Ceramics, we believe there is 
still considerable potential to improve margins by concentrating on technology initiatives. 
Currently, the company is operating at less than 60% utilization levels. As part of our 
optimization strategy the Czech Republic operations are planned to be closed and transferred to 
the German operations with the shift expected to be completed the overarching focus will be on 
enhancing profitability, streamlining flow processes, and facilitating better integration within the 
organization. This strategic approach aims to maximize operational efficiency and financial 
performance. At Monocon International Refractories, the pre-cast shape planned development an 
investment of around £1 million has been successfully completed and is now fully operational. 
On the metallurgical lances which are the main product line of Monocon we are investing in 
vertical integration of our manufacturing capability with new machine previously outsourced 
operations and has best strategic shift hovers the success of similar development in MCI USA 
around 40 years ago which has proven successful in terms of both technical advancement and 
manufacturing efficiency nuances. EI Ceramics in the United States we have plans underway to 
consolidate the two existing plants into a completely new location and the projected timeline for 
this initiative is around two years. The rationale behind this strategic move includes objectives 
such as modernization, cost savings, and streamlining management by combining operations into 
a new facility the company aims to leverage modern technology and practices leading to 
increased operational efficiency and reduced costs. Additionally this consolidation allows for a 
more streamlined and centralized management structure potentially enhancing overall 
organizational effectiveness. At Sheffield Refractories in the United Kingdom the new asset is 
addition to our company, and which specializes in blast furnace, castable products and 
shotcreting materials. As part of a strategic initiative the company plans to transfer this 
technology to India with the first transfer project expected to take place in around 12 to 18 
months. Sheffield Refactories has expertise in stack repair of blast furnaces which is considered 
as most significant capability. We envision a substantial opportunity on the Indian market likely 
driven by growing demand for blast furnace related products and services in the region. This 
technology transfer could potentially strengthen the company's presence and capabilities in the 
Indian market. As I mentioned previously our focus towards the domestic market has proven to 
be a major driver in our success as a company and is therefore important that we continue to 
improve and invest in our capability both technologically as well as capacity. With this let me 
now hand over to Kamal for his comments. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Thanks, Jim, for giving an overview of the global scenario and our operations worldwide. Let me 
give a brief on the Indian operations. The financial performances summary will be given by Amit 
Agarwal our CFO. At the outset I would like to bring to the notice that the financial results under 
review on consolidated basis include provisions for trade receivables aggregating for 33.27 
Crores, goods sold but in transit aggregating to 8.26 Crores and a reverse commission 
aggregating to 1.48 Crores in respect of one of our Czech Republic customer who have opted for 
preventive restructuring under laws of its home country. Financial results from a standalone basis 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
also includes similar provisions aggregating to 38.48 Crores. While your management is taking 
all necessary steps including having meetings with the customer and their principals for recovery 
of debt receivable, we have made provisions therefor as a matter of abundant precaution and 
prudence. During the period under review your company opted for new tax regime as per section 
115 BAA of the Income Tax Act 1961 by virtue whereof the current tax liability and deferred tax 
liability for the year ended 31st March 2023 and also for the six month period ended 30th 
September 2023 of the current financial year have reduced and for this reason you will observe  
current tax charge and a deferred tax charge of Rs.450 lakh and 1037 lakhs respectively have 
been credited in the consolidated financial and standalone financial results for the quarter ended 
31st March 2023, so the total reduction is about 14.87 Crores for the period. One of adjustment of 
provision for receivable from Czech Republic customer has been for circumstances beyond 
control of the management. Excluding these adjustments performance of the company both on 
consolidated and standalone basis during the quarter under review have been satisfactory despite 
ongoing geopolitical conflicts and turmoil in several territories which have in general affected 
markets outside India. Our research centre was inaugurated on 24th November 2023. The research 
centre is focused on benchmarking all our existing products, developing cutting edge products 
and also bring high quality cost effective solutions for our customers. Notably the research centre 
utilizes metal melting technologies giving it a distinctive capability for thorough product testing. 
This unique feature sets the research centre apart as no other company currently possesses similar 
metal melting technology. In the initial period the research centre aims to meticulously 
benchmark all products within the group across various geographical locations. This approach 
ensures a comprehensive evaluation and adaption of products for successful integration into the 
Indian market highlighting the centre's commitment to quality and innovation. The company 
aims to differentiate itself based on excellence and ensure that it meets or exceed the highest 
industry standards. This strategic focus aligns with the long-term vision of building a reputation 
of cutting edge high quality products that resonates with the customers. Regarding the new Orrisa 
plant we are expecting the land allocation from the Orissa government in the current quarter. 
Once we have this we will start planning and moving to the next step in the development of this 
project. In our three domestic manufacturing locations in Odisha, Gujarat, and Andra Pradesh our 
expansion plan is in full swing and almost on target. Over the last seven years IFGL have been 
actively involved in manufacturing of casting flux for  continuous casting. Looking ahead the 
company set to introduce a new production line at Visakhapatnam plant integrated state of art, 
fully automatic plant for casting flux and also pre-cast shapes. This strategic initiative is expected 
to make a substantial contribution to our businesses. All the announced capex plans are 
proceeding as scheduled and are expected to be completed by Q1 FY2025. All of these initiatives 
along with our efforts to diversify into developing products for non-steel industry, we hold an 
optimistic outlook on the abundant opportunity that awaits us in the Indian markets. Let me hand 
over to Amit Agarwal our CFO to take you through the financials. Amit please. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you Sir. For the quick overview let me just give you a brief on the financial. Starting with 
the standalone financial highlights, Total Income increased by 9% year on year to Rs.200 Crores 
in Q3 FY2024. EBITDA before exceptional items decreased by 5% year on year to 28.2 Crores 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
in Q3 FY2024. EBITDA margin before exceptional items stood at 14.1% in Q3 FY2024 with a 
decrease of 200 basis points year on year. Let me now move forward to consolidated financial 
highlights. Our consolidated financial highlights also include our international subsidiaries. Our 
total consolidated income increased by 16% year on year to Rs.370 Crores in Q3 FY2024. 
Consolidated EBITDA before exceptional items grew by 9% year on year to Rs.40 Crores in Q3 
FY2024. Consolidated EBITDA margin before exceptional items stood at 10.8% in Q3 FY2024 
with a decrease of 71 basis point year on year. With respect to liquidity position, we remain net 
debt free with a strong balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalent stood at 197 Crores on 
consolidated basis as of December 2023. Our ROCE stood at 9.79% in 9 months FY2024, and 
ROE stood at 8.7%.  
Kamal Sarda: 
With this I would leave the floor open for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Harsh Shah from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Good evening team. Thank for the opportunity. Few questions from my side. In terms of 
percentage how much has our Indian operations grown on a Y-o-Y basis excluding what we 
export from India. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Only on the domestic market. 
Harsh Shah: 
Excluding what we export from India. I mean how much has been sold within India how much 
growth has been there on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Kamal Sarda: 
It will be about 10%. I do not have the figure right now in front of me. It will be about 10% or so. 
Harsh Shah: 
In terms of the split between domestic and export within the segment that you give how much 
revenue you have generated in within India so would you have it domestic, and export is it 60:40 
50:50 how is it. 
Kamal Sarda: 
On a nine month basis the domestic market would be more than 60%, somewhere around 60 to 
65%. 
Harsh Shah: 
Secondly on the gross margin front if you could help us understand what has led to a dip in the 
margins on a sequential basis so what I see is that gross margins have contracted by somewhere 
around 170 basis points on a sequential basis. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Primarily what we have mentioned is the write off, the provisions which we have taken that is 
one and then overall all the volumes which have gone down, what we have mentioned in our 
speeches the European market as Jim mentioned very clearly in his speech, the European market 
is into a very big turmoil you had the effect of Russia-Ukraine war, you had the effect of Israel 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
war, you had the effect of Red Sea and then energy prices going up, it is a sequential effect so 
European market is in a turmoil Jim if you want to add anything on this. 
James McIntosh: 
No I have got nothing to add. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Okay so it is overall volume drop because of the overseas market as we mentioned. 
Harsh Shah: 
I mean in terms of guidance on an annual basis what should be the gross margins we should be 
looking at going forward. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I think we have mentioned this in our past calls and also our meetings that we are looking at a 
12% EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis and I think we maintain that. 
Harsh Shah: 
I was asking about gross margins should we work with 48 to 50%. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I think I will now talk of the EBITDA margins. Let us put that EBITDA margins in place. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay and lastly on the revenue guidance of 1750 odd Crores so it looks like it is not possible that 
we would be achieving so ballpark where would we be in FY2024 and any revenue guidance you 
would want to give for FY2025. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I think what we should look at, you know it is because of the turmoil which is happening in the 
Europe and other segments in the overseas market, let us look at the Q4 operations more clearly 
and then we can give a more clarity on FY2025 but looking at the situation the next couple of 
quarters will have its own impact due to the situation in Europe. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay thanks. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Good evening, Sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir excluding the export side of the business 
could you give us some clarity on how the domestic business has fared in terms of margins on a 
Y-o-Y basis and whether that is sustaining around the 12% level that was my first question. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I will not be able to give you a segmented margin gentleman so that is something, but yes 
domestic market as we mentioned in our speeches, the domestic market is where our focus 
remains and we are increasing our efforts to go into a non steel, nonferrous markets to increase 
our visibility or reach to the domestic market so on a segmented margin I am sorry we will not be 
able to provide that. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right Sir and Sir in terms of our product mix how much would flow control be contributing in 
terms of the overall sales. 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Kamal Sarda: 
Most of the products which we make in India would be a part of the flow control business only. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay so around 85, 90% would be flow control only. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Yes, most of it would be. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay so if you look at the flow control market our margins are much lower than flow control 
products because peers in this business are earning between 19 to 20% EBITDA margins so will 
we have a jump up in the profile once our capacity expansions are completed on the margin front. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Yes, that is what we are working on, with the capacity expansions definitely our volumes will go 
up and with the volume going up the margins should improve. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Just on the volume or will the mix also change. 
Kamal Sarda: 
That is what we are working on yes. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question n is from the line of Sidhharth Dudoya from Blue Star 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sidhharth Dudoya: 
Hi everyone good evening. Many congratulations on your new R&D centre. So I was just saying 
like you have opened a new R&D centre so can you please give some specification by when can 
we expect new products from this R&D centre in the market and what is your strategy to expand 
through them in the domestic market. 
James McIntosh: 
So the question is products coming from the research centre and so our initial objective in the 
research centre which we have mentioned in previous calls is that we want to benchmark our 
current group products worldwide, to establish the best products which are available within our 
group to be transferred to the Indian domestic manufacturing. We estimate this process to be 
probably about one year from beginning to end in terms of the benchmarking of the product 
lines. Our objective is to initially focus on the isostatic product lines of EI Ceramics and look at 
benchmarking them versus our products in Kandla and Kalunga. We feel that in this area there is 
some definite low hanging fruit for us in terms of developing newer products for the Indian 
market and this is the reason why we have chosen to make this our top priority but in saying that 
we have other products as we mentioned from Sheffield and from Monocon which also could be 
beneficial to the Indian manufacturing plants and markets and this will also be part of the 
benchmarking process so all in all you will see benchmarking probably taking the company 
around in total one and a half years and during that period we will be filtering in and as we 
develop and benchmark the specific product lines we will be filtering them into the 
manufacturing processes in India. The majority of the growth in the Indian domestic market will 
come from our new manufacturing plants in Visakhapatnam for the casting flux which is used in 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
continuous casting and also for the mag carbon bricks which is used predominantly in the ladles 
for the steel making process and these two areas we have got a fairly decent plan and we are 
going to ramp up manufacturing and all of those product areas we have already done substantial 
trials with customers and so it should be a fairly high ramp up schedule. Kamal you may want to 
cover that in a little bit more detail. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I think what you have covered I think that is sufficient Jim that covers most of it. 
Sidhharth Dudoya: 
Thank you so much for that detailed answer and the second thing just follow up on this like once 
this take a year or so how much will be like top five client contribution to the revenue through 
these products. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Which products? 
Sidhharth Dudoya: 
These products what you mentioned like from the R&D centre you will take a year to implement 
these. 
Kamal Sarda: 
That is difficult because you know the top five Indian steel makers definitely they will be the top 
five customers. 
Sidhharth Dudoya: 
Okay like what contribution any percentages with the new product. 
Kamal Sarda: 
No we will assess that once we get into the market. 
Sidhharth Dudoya: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Nandi from VT Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Hi Sir. Good evening Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, can you please guide us like I 
missed the initial comments like what kind of EBITDA margin can we expect in coming 
quarters, like there was some significant drop in this quarter so can we expect the numbers to be 
back like previous quarter. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I have mentioned in the past and also in this call that we are talking of a EBITDA margin of 12% 
so that is what we are giving a guidance of, may be some quarters may have small plus and 
minuses but overall on a yearly basis on a long-term basis it will be that. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir can you please guide us like what kind of synergy can accrue from this new R&D facility like 
what are the key focus areas we will be focusing from that R&D. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Just now our managing director spoke on this subject. 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Sir I joined late Sir so if you can explain once again if possible. 
James McIntosh: 
The initial focus will benefit the isostatic products so that would be continuous casting 
refractories and the flow control segment of the business. 
Sanjay Nandi: 
Okay thank you Sir. I will join back in the queue Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aditi Sawant from EDM Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditi Sawant: 
Firstly regarding the acquisition like do you have any other plans for acquisition and if yes could 
you provide details regarding this and second is future outlook on our international subsidiaries. 
James McIntosh: 
Aditi we are at the moment looking at acquisitions both in the export field as well as domestic to 
give details of these I would say it's a bit early for us to give any details in those particular areas 
for obvious reasons. With regard to the outlook for the overseas operations the United States is 
definitely starting to see I think some positive trends which will enable us to see the growth 
coming back in the United States. We have had some very good results in Mono Ceramics which 
is one of our companies in the United States a good growth and also profitability and this coupled 
with an uplifting the market hopefully will enable us to see some good growth coming in the 
United States but it is always difficult to gauge in an election year how things are going to go but 
we are very positive about the US. As Kamal mentioned earlier and also, I mentioned the 
European Industries are still struggling. We hope that bottom if you like and that we will start to 
see some turnaround from here, but it is very difficult to gauge. It really is very difficult to gauge. 
Our focus on the European market really is on an internal look to make sure that we improve our 
operations as much as possible to be ready for the upturn when it occurs and undoubtedly it will 
occur at some point it is just trying to find the bottom at the moment. For the operations 
elsewhere in the world we feel very sure that we have got some very good projects ongoing 
which will enable us to benefit from growth so yes all in all I would say that acquisition wise our 
focus is to look at acquisitions. We have several in the pipeline and we will obviously inform the 
market when we are just to do that. 
Aditi Sawant: 
Thank you so much for the detailed explanation. Just one followup can you share the utilization 
level, if possible, for each of the subsidiaries. 
James McIntosh: 
I am afraid I do not have those kind of numbers. Kamal, I do not know if you have got. 
Kamal Sarda: 
I do not have those numbers either. 
James McIntosh: 
It is not something I tend take to look at too much to be honest. 
Aditi Sawant: 
No issues Sir. Thank you so much and that is it from my side. All the best for the upcoming 
quarters. 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Poddar from HDFC 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Hi Sir thanks for taking my question. First is regarding the recoverability of this amount in the 
Czech Republic if you can give some understanding what is the process and what is your sense of 
amount coming to us. 
Kamal Sarda: 
See this is something which we will have to watch for the next coming months, how things shape 
up. As we mentioned in our note to the accounts that as a matter of prudence and we found it 
right that we should take a provision because the company has opted for a restructuring plan and 
our understanding was that the problem may go a bit longer and we do not know the certainty of 
that so we will have to wait I think Abhishek maybe one or two quarters more before we really 
have more details because it is just a matter of couple of days we had on this when we took the 
provision so we will have to wait for few more months till we have a clarity on that but yes as of 
today we do not see that immediately anything is going to happen. Jim if you would like to add 
anything on this. 
James McIntosh: 
No. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understood and any more problematic accounts that you see and have you provided for them 
already being conservative on accounting there. 
Kamal Sarda: 
We follow a very, very conservative approach on these matters so based on that the answer is no. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understood and if I adjust for that the EBITDA margin for the quarter was let us say 10.9% 
versus sustainable 12% so should we think of it as a quarter phenomenon and not be concerned 
about the 12% range that you guided. 
Kamal Sarda: 
It should be the quarter phenomena and as we mentioned that there is a serious problems in the 
overseas market and our feeling is that the issues in the overseas market are bottomed out. There 
should be only an upturn from there and we should look at good days. 
James McIntosh: 
It would be great if we had such a crystal ball. We hope that it is possible Kamal. 
Kamal Sarda: 
We hope it bottomed out and then it should improve from there only. 
James McIntosh: 
It is just so much turmoil. 
Kamal Sarda: 
There are lot of lot of uncertain issues and the clarity is very very little on that you have those 
Russia Ukraine war as we mentioned about the other conflicts which are happening, the Red Sea 
issues the energy crisis not really completely over, there are issues then you have those carbon 
tax which is there in the European market which is also affecting the profitability of the steel 
companies primarily I would say. We need we need possibly one or two more quarters before we 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
have more clarity, but Abhishek I would say that on annual basis on a long-term basis whatever 
figures which we have given we should look at those numbers, not looking at a particular quarter 
or one or two quarters. 
James McIntosh: 
Certainly not looking at this quarter. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
So if I look at the last quarter numbers it is basically Europe which is a challenge for us and 
generally since that it's bottoming out and things should improve from here. 
James McIntosh: 
We hope. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
The last question is about the Indian operations so if I look at the domestic steel companies the 
way they are expanding there is a significant ramp up in capacities in 2025, 2026 and 2027 also 
so how are you thinking of the demand supply in India do you expect the supply tightness 
happening because of the volume ramp up by major steel companies. 
Kamal Sarda: 
See all our all our all our capex plan are based on the expansion plans of the Indian market. 
Indian market is buoyant. If you look at 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028 and also the National Steel 
Policy talking of 300 million metric tonnes by 2030, 2031 so all those are in fact giving us that 
kind of leverage to go forward and our capex are based on that and yes, we will gain by the 
expansions yes. 
James McIntosh: 
And I think that that most of the focus that we've had as I said in the last two years has been 
development of our Indian manufacturing capability. We have significant improvements and 
capacity in all locations plus we have the new product lines that we are bringing in so when we 
look at the percentage of our domestic sales versus our consolidated sales, we expect to see that 
growing in the future. We do not expect to see it staying the same. We expect to see the domestic 
percentage of our total sales growing. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Okay understood and one more if I can squeeze Europe is transitioned towards EF from blast 
furnace so how does that affect our demand scenario. 
James McIntosh: 
It is kind of interesting because when we when we say that Europe's transitioning towards 
electric furnace, we have got one specific area which is the United Kingdom and that is in the 
news quite a lot because obviously Tata steel owned the Port Talbot and they have made an 
announcement that they are moving from blast furnace to electric furnace operation. Electric 
furnace is said to be a process which will enable greener steel to be manufactured but also in the 
in the blast furnace side there are many many new developments coming and new process 
focuses which will help to reduce carbon emissions in the blast furnace, so I think to say that 
Europe is moving towards electric furnace is quite a large statement. I would not actually support 
that without further analysis of the European market and as I said you have got a lot of 
development and many of the large steel makers within Europe better carbon emissions from 
blast furnace operations obviously blast furnaces are majority of the European and steel market 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
as well as they are in India. I think there will be a focus to really meet the environmental 
demands for green steel making in all processes not just an electric furnace process or in blast 
furnace that being said we have been a company especially in our operation in Monocon which 
predominantly was focused towards the blast furnace converter operation. We have a specific 
development focus in our UK operations which we started about a year ago to have a better 
presence in electric furnace steel making and this will involve new product lines being brought to 
the European markets and also to our companies in England so this is an exciting project, but it is 
not a project which is based on Europe going towards electric furnaces it is just that our focus 
which is a natural development for the company. We still believe very much that blast furnace is 
a big part of our future in the company. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understood thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sahil Sanghvi from Monarch 
Networth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Hi good evening my first question is regarding the Red Sea issue if you can just give us some 
understanding on how the freight has moved and what kind of impact can it really have on our 
numbers. 
Kamal Sarda: 
See the freights are still not very clear but there charging some sort of a congestion fee or a 
surcharge of about $1,500 to $2,000 per container so we will have to wait and watch for few 
more days or weeks to understand where the freight goes and stabilizes but yes it has increased in 
the last few weeks. 
James McIntosh: 
And I think also Kamal it is fair to say that a fair percentage of our business and company 
especially in European theater is products which are coming from China and India so obviously 
there is a direct relationship and the supply of products from India China to European Companies 
so undoubtedly it's does have an affect on the price of the products to the customer, end price to 
the customer and in whatever way you look at it so hopefully we will see an end to it and Kamal 
I cannot remember what the factors  were like but in terms of actual container costs were quite 
substantial. 
Kamal Sarda: 
So in freight as I mentioned there are surcharges which the shipping companies are now charging 
$1,500 to $2,000 plus the other effect is that the transit time has also increased it is now going to 
the South African seas and then going to Europe so there are multiple effects yes it will have its 
own impact on the costs. We will have to watch for the next few weeks and then see we approach 
the customer if required and then look at it. This is what we did when we had those very high 
freight rates in 2020, 2021 if you recollect, we had to go and approach the customers that look 
this is an unmanageable thing and customers also agreed for this so I am sure the similar situation 
in case it persists for a longer time but let us watch it for next few more weeks and then see 
where do we go. 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Right Sir my second question Sir is regarding the Brownfield expansions that we hope to 
commission in 1Q FY2025 since some of these products are existing products can we expect a 
faster ramp up I mean can we expect some 20-30% utilizations in FY2025 how should we think 
about this. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Which expansion you are talking of Sahil I think I missed it. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
The Brownfield ones which is happening at the current three locations Sir. 
Kamal Sarda: 
So if you look at the Vizag expansion on the casting flux this is a product which we had a smaller 
plant in Rourkela, so our products are well established and well accepted by so I think this ramp 
up once we start the production and we have some trials it can go very quickly very fast so that is 
one thing. I am not putting those numbers now, but this can happen very fast. On the precast 
shapes we have done some trials. We are in the process of doing a lot of trials with customers and 
this can also go up, but I am not putting any numbers there. Jim if you want to add anything on 
this. 
James McIntosh: 
No. As you said I mean and those three areas on the pre-cast plant on the bricks and also on the 
casting flux I would say that it would be appropriate that we would expect to see those product 
lines moving much faster than our product which was now being involved because we  already 
had many trials and already working with the customers on these product lines so there should be 
something that we should be able to ramp up quite quick but I would agree with you Kamal to 
get numbers at the moment not very easy. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Yes. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Sir this is helpful. I mean a direction is also helpful. My third question is Sir regarding I mean 
these exceptional items that we have considered this quarter I understand about the doubtful 
receivables that we have provided for but Sir the goods in transit just help me understand this 
better I mean once we had some understanding about the receivables being outstanding, I mean 
we could have stopped the goods in transit right Sir. Just help me understand what am I missing 
Sir on this front. 
Kamal Sarda: 
This goods in transit is nothing but what we have stopped supplying to the customer, so they are 
in between. They are lying at the customs bonded warehouse in one of the ports in Europe and 
we did not deliver it because we had come to know that the customer is in trouble, and they have 
not paid so that time we stopped so all those material are in the custom bonded warehouse and 
the customer does not have any kind of a custody of that. We can bring it back. We can recycle 
it. We are working on it because some of these products are tailor made for the customer so we 
have to find an answer where we can reuse it. They are within our custody. I would say we will 
significant control over these products. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Got it Sir. Got it. Thank you, Sir, for answering my question and all the best. 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian 
Market Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my first question is the growth in the Indian market of 8% can 
you give a breakdown of this in terms of volume growth and price led growth. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Most of it would be volume led growth Mayank. I do not have the details as such. We do not 
have that kind of a breakup most of it would be volume led growth. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
So there is a sequential dip of almost 60 Crores also in the India revenue that is a 25% decline so 
would you term that as a full volume decline. 
Kamal Sarda: 
As I mentioned you see the major part of this is the overseas business the export market as we 
mentioned in our various questions. The overseas market has had a very big effect on downslide 
of the turnover yes so most of it would be volume led. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay and Sir secondly on this Orissa expansion if I were to look at your last presentation 
production target was March 2025 it is postponed by one year is it. 
Kamal Sarda: 
Because we thought that we will get the land by September 2023 but then for some 
administrative reasons it has got delayed. Now we hope that this quarter we will get it and we are 
putting a two-year period now because one of the major equipment that delivery times are now 
also increased to about 15 to 18 month so we are putting a two year period after we acquire the 
land so it will be March 2026. In case we get the land in this quarter and then we are hopeful that 
we should get the land in this quarter. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Thirdly Sir you see the employee cost in the standalone has gone up by almost 2 Crores it is now 
19 Crores in comparison to last year 3Q FY2023 of 16 Crores, so I mean is it completely driven 
by the hiring that we are doing for the new R&D centre or like how is it. 
Kamal Sarda: 
It is overall. It is not only new R&D centre but new businesses which we are getting into the new 
expansions which we are working on for that you require employees for all levels plus our non 
steel and nonferrous efforts. We are building a good team to help us in future to grow. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Okay Sir thank you that is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. This will be the last question for the day. I will now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sahil Sanghvi for closing comments. 
Sahil Sanghvi: 
Yes, thank you. First of all we would like to thank the management of IFGL for very patiently 
and elaborately answering all the questions. On behalf of Monarch Networth we also want to 
thank all the participants for joining the call. James Sir, Kamal Sir, would you have any closing 
comments. 

 
 
 
            IFGL Refractories Limited 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Kamal Sarda: 
Thanks a lot for participating in this call and thanks Monarch and SGA for organizing this. I hope 
we have been able to answer most of your queries and we look forward to your active 
participation in the next call and for any queries you may contact SGA our investor relation 
advisors. Thank you and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
