 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 3, 2024 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for conference call under the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to our intimation dated January 23, 2024 and Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of 
Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of the Company’s Earnings Call held on January 29, 
2024 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the third quarter and nine months 
ended December 31, 2023.  
 
The aforesaid information is also disclosed on website of the company and which can be 
accessed at  www.ionexchangeglobal.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Milind Puranik 
Company Secretary  
 
 
MILIND 
DATTATRAYA 
PURANIK
Digitally signed by MILIND 
DATTATRAYA PURANIK 
Date: 2024.02.03 16:03:09 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
Ion Exchange India Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
January 29, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ion Exchange India Limited 
Q3 and Nine Months FY24 Earning Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that, 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. 
My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Ion Exchange India Limited. 
On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the 
Company’s earnings call for the 3rd Quarter and Nine Months ended of 
Financial Year 2024.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short question statement: 
Some of the statements made in today’s earnings call may be forward-looking 
in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. 
Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions 
made by information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today’s Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness 
about the company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s 
Earnings Call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. 
We have with us Mr. Aankur Patni – Executive Director, Mr. N.M. Ranadive – 
Group Head of Financial Planning and Risk Management, Mr. Vasant Naik – 
Group Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Milind Puranik – Company Secretary. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody, it is a pleasure to welcome you 
to the Earnings Conference Call for the 3rd Quarter and the Nine Months of 
the Financial Year 2024. 

 
Page 2 of 12 
For the 3rd Quarter of the current Financial Year on a consolidated basis, the 
company reported an operating income of INR 5539 million, an increase of 8% 
on a year-on-year. EBITDA was reported at INR 706 million, representing an 
increase of 13% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 12.75% and the net 
profit was INR 472 million, representing a minor decrease of 1% year-on-year 
while the PAT margins stood at 8.52%. For nine months financial year 2024 
on a consolidated basis, the company reported an operating income of INR 
15,660 million an increase of around 17% year-on-year. EBITDA was reported 
at INR 1798 million, an increase of 21% year-on-year while the EBITDA margin 
stood at 11.48% and a net profit was INR 1229 million an increase of 8% year-
on-year, and the PAT margin stood at 7.85%.  
Coming to the segmental analysis in the Engineering Division: 
The revenue for the quarter was INR 3212 million, a minor decrease of 1.5% 
on a year-on-year basis. The EBIT for this segment was INR 240 million a 
decrease by 22.5% year-on-year. The segment witnessed satisfactory order 
flow of medium size jobs. The enquiry bank remained robust however we 
experienced some delays in finalization of some large value opportunities.  
The engineering segment recorded a sequential improvement in turnover. The 
execution of the large EPC job including the UP Jal Nigam order is expected 
to accelerate in the ensuing quarters.  
Coming to the Chemical Division Segment: 
The revenue for the 3rd Quarter stood at INR 1872 million, an increase of 
23.5% year-on-year and  margins stood at around INR 493 million , increased 
by around 30% on the year-on-year. The chemical segment recorded improved 
volumes while maintaining healthy margins.  
In the third segment, the Consumer Division Segment: 
The revenue for the quarter was INR 630 million an increase of around 38% 
year-on-year. The segment has sustained the growth witnessed in the past few 
quarters. 
We can now open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
First question is from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Noel Vaz: 
Could we have an idea of what kind of would the margin outlook for FY24-25 
as well as any growth outlook, that is my first question. What is the margin and 
growth outlook for FY24-25. That’s all from my side. 
Management: 
We are expecting that we will be able to maintain margins similar to what we 
achieved in the previous financial year. As far as revenue growth is concerned, 
we are expecting year end growth of roughly around 20%. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
Noel Vaz: 
So, the thing is, if you look at the 3Q order book and the 3Q bid pipeline versus 
the 2Q order book and pipeline it seems kind of flattish so is there any particular 
reason for this? 
Management: 
We have experienced a slight slowing down of order finalizations compared to 
our expectations. Some of the enquiries, which we were expecting to get 
finalized during the period, they seem to be shifting because of the current 
environment both domestic and international. And we are now expecting that 
some of these may even flow over into the next financial year. Further, a couple 
of large opportunities which we were hoping to win, we have not been able to 
because of the terms at which these were finalized. And we have had to let 
them go. 
Noel Vaz: 
Okay, thank you. This is just an overall kind of a look of the different segments. 
So, in the upcoming, there is a lot of upcoming semiconductor capacity which 
is expected to come through. Are we well placed to take advantage of that 
opportunity? 
Management: 
Yes, we are quite well placed, we are actively working on a few such 
opportunities. 
Noel Vaz: 
Okay. And by when could we potentially see some kind of move on this front? 
Management: 
We have already got a couple of orders on that front. And we should be seeing 
more of these flowing through to the order book in the coming quarters. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question from the line of Richa Chowdhary from Electrim 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Richa Chowdhary: 
If you could just help me understand why was the execution in engineering 
segment weak this quarter and if you could just help me with the numbers, 
what order inflow did we see during this quarter and nine months, and if you 
could just give some guidance on FY24, how much orders are we expecting to 
close this year? 
Management: 
Okay. For the Engineering Segment, we had some constraints on the invoicing 
front. One of the large orders, which is the UP order,  had the procedural issues 
which we have hinted at in the past. We have been able to increase the pace 
of invoicing,. But still it is not adequate enough. Also, there was a large 
invoicing in the previous year 3rd Quarter on the international market, which 
this time we were not able to match with a similar invoicing.. However, we do 
expect that in the last quarter the engineering invoicing will pick up substantially 
and for the year we should be able to deliver good numbers. 
Richa Chowdhary: 
Sir, what was the order inflow this quarter that we saw? 
Vasant Naik: 
Order inflow for this quarter was 142 crores. 

 
Page 4 of 12 
Richa Chowdhary: 
And if you could just give a little update of the chemical CAPEX that we are 
seeing, what are the timelines and the revenue potential that we are seeing in 
the first and the second phase? 
Vasant Naik: 
As we have mentioned in the earlier con-calls that CAPEX for the Resin  green 
field expansion at Roha is appr. Rs. 400 Crores . We are expecting the 
commercial production to start from FY25-26 , we expect roughly around three-
to-four-year period for the capacity to be utilized fully. The asset turnover of 
around 2 times should be calculated on the figure of 275 crores. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil M Kothari from Unique 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil M Kothari: 
Sir, chemical segment has grown after long very, very respectively and our 
margin is also very good looking at overall chemical industry scenario. We hear 
from a lot of companies about slowdown and demand not growing up. So, what 
we have done differently and what is changing for us? 
Management: 
Well, we have managed to take a few steps in a timely manner. One was to 
improve our overall product profile, the efficiencies and throughputs of our 
various chemical manufacturing facilities. And further, we tried to ensure that 
we managed our cost as best as we could during turbulent times. During the 
times when the input prices are relatively more stable we do enjoy a slightly 
better ability to control our margins, and which is what you have been seeing 
for the past few quarters.  
Sunil M Kothari: 
Sir my question is regarding more about this volume growth, revenue growth 
mainly what domestic or international and how sustainable is this size of 
growth, because we have grown really well during this quarter particularly 
chemical? 
Management: 
We should be able to grow well on the international front. As we have been 
pointing out in the past that a lot of our planned CAPEX is targeted towards 
the international market. And our current market share in global markets is 
quite low, giving us a substantial headroom for growth. We are in discussions 
with a number of international buyers for these chemical products and these 
discussions are progressing quite well. As and when the new capacities come 
up, we are quite sure that we will be able to ramp up the volumes at a good 
pace. So, we should be able to sustain growth going forward. Margins, as I 
mentioned have been good, we have been able to improve the product mix 
sequentially. And that has  also helped us to improve our margin profile.  
Sunil M Kothari: 
Sir one thing is about this, some part of our website there is Waste to energy 
segment we have also entered and we have executed one project for Akshay 
Patra one under implementation at petrochemical complex it is a very big 
project. So, this seems to be a new opportunity and area, if you can little bit 
elaborate and explain what exactly we are planning to do and what is the size 
of opportunity? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Management: 
Sure. This is one of the areas where there’s a lot of effort being put by the 
government and industry alike to effectively convert the waste into usable 
energy. We have been working on this area for some time. Akshay Patra, as 
you mentioned was one of the first projects which we undertook to demonstrate 
the technology. We are working on a few of these opportunities and hope we 
will be able to convert at least one or two of the large ones in the near future.  
Sunil M Kothari: 
And this larger must be what, 1500 crore size of business or smaller one? 
Management: 
The opportunities vary in sizes. While we are engaged in several discussions, 
we would want to start executing medium size ones and then, there after get 
into really large ones.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My question is, can you just throw some color on the bid pipeline. The segment 
which we are looking at especially in e-segment, and why there is a delay in 
conversion is it something to election and we expect this conversion to happen 
in this fiscal or we expect most of the projects will get postponed to the next 
fiscal? 
Management: 
Let me first tell you about the conversions in the recent period and then I will 
ask Vasant to give you the numbers on the bid pipeline. In the recent period, 
we are seeing some kind of slowdown in finalization of open enquiries and 
offers, and this would be on account of the current economic and political 
scenario both domestically and internationally. While we are hopeful that  we 
would be able to quickly close some of these large opportunities that we are 
pursuing, but some of these would slip into the next financial year. Vasant can 
you give numbers with regard to the inquiry pipeline? 
Vasant Naik: 
The inquiry pipeline as of December end was around 8526 crores. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, which are the countries are of our interest to us, I am talking outside India? 
Management: 
We are quite active in the Middle East, Southeast, as well as in Africa. These 
are the prominent markets where we work as far as the engineering business 
is concerned. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule 
Ventures PMS. Please go ahead. The next question is from the line of Angad 
Katdare from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Angad Katdare: 
My first question is on the guidance on the for the engineering segment and 
chemical segment for FY24  and 25, if you could throw some light, sorry I 
missed it earlier. 
Management: 
For the current financial year, the engineering segment should grow by roughly 
around 25% and the chemical segment on a consolidated basis should grow 
by roughly around 10%. 

 
Page 6 of 12 
Angad Katdare: 
Okay. And how much will the recent acquisition MAPRIL contribute to the 
overall chemicals segment? 
Management: 
We would be getting the benefit of roughly three quarters by the end of this 
financial year, Ranadive can you provide the numbers on an approximate 
basis. 
N.M. Ranadive: 
Approximately it will be Rs.  75 to 80 crores. 
Angad Katdare: 
And can you throw some light on the margins from Mapril? 
Management: 
You are asking margins for the chemical segment, right? 
Angad Katdare: 
Yes, the guidance as well as from the acquisition? 
Management: 
For the chemical segment we should be on a consolidated basis, delivering 
margins similar to what we delivered for the full financial year 2022-23. For the 
first three quarters we are seeing a level which is quite similar to what we 
achieved in the last year and that gives us confidence that we will be able to 
maintain the overall margins. 
Angad Katdare: 
That’s great to hear sir. If I could just chip in one last question from my side, 
what will be the peak sales from the current capacity in the chemical segment 
and how much will the additional capacity add to the peak sales, the Roha 
CAPEX? So, current capacity, the additional Roha, that would be helpful sir. 
Thank you. 
Management: 
At this point of time, we are looking at roughly 70% capacity utilization. And 
approx.. 60% of that is contributed by the resin business. The Roha capacity 
expansion is for resins only and it will double the current capacity.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Agarwal from Agarwal 
Family Office. Please go ahead.  
Mahesh Agarwal: 
First question was, just to get an update on again Mapril the Portugal 
subsidiary. And specifically, just wanted to understand more around, is that 
purely a trading business or does that also have any manufacturing 
capabilities, either in Portugal or anywhere around Europe? And then also 
related to that, I’m guessing those numbers have now started reflecting on a 
consolidated basis for us, is that partly the reason why we have seen a boost 
in the chemical numbers this quarter that would be my first question please. 
Management:  
The Mapril acquisition was primarily intended for reaching into the European 
market and also to establish a manufacturing base in Europe. It has 
manufacturing facilities in Portugal, which is on the chemical side of the 
business. By the end of this financial year, we should be consolidating roughly 
three quarters into our numbers. It has contributed to the growth of the 
chemical business during the period.. We expect to benefit both from the 
international and domestic markets in the coming quarters. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
Mahesh Agarwal:  
And with the margin profile of this business, and specifically the chemicals part 
be similar to the margin profile that we have for our Indian chemical 
manufacturing? 
Management:  
They are not the same kind of chemicals; they are different kinds of chemicals. 
But on an overall basis, we are seeing that Mapril is being able to add to our 
current bottom line. Going forward, as I had mentioned, on a consolidated 
basis we would be able to maintain the overall margins for the year as of whole, 
so that would give you some idea. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood, and any plans for expansion over there, do we have sufficient 
capacity in that company right now for our demands? 
Management: 
We are improving the facilities there in order that we are able to cater to a wider 
range of products. So, some degree of augmentation is going on while they 
have decent capacity in place. But we would be improving and augmenting it 
as required. 
Mahesh Agarwal:  
Understood. And sir my second question is related to China, asked before as 
well but as their economy continues to worsen across different industries, 
companies, we are hearing a lot of stories of them desperately dumping 
products at 2%, 3% ,4% EBITDA margin whatever it is to break even, are we 
seeing any kind of that behavior across the resins, or the membranes or any 
of the other chemical components either globally or in India? 
Management:  
Yes, we are seeing a degree of price desperation if I may call it that. But we 
have been able to handle it reasonably. Product quality is an important criteria. 
And not all customers look only at price. This gives us a lot of strength not only 
in the domestic market but also in the international market. While the reduced 
pricing from the Chinese suppliers does have a bearing on negotiations, but 
as you would have noticed we’ve been able to maintain our margins. We hope 
that we will be able to continue this in the future also. 
Mahesh Agarwal:  
Understood, thank you. And if I may ask one more question regarding the 
GPCL consulting investment. So, that seems to be a relatively small company, 
like 7 crores of revenue and it’s partly owned by REITs, EXIM Bank and a few 
other companies. What is our thinking when we are investing in this company, 
are we trying to become or trying to make it a completely owned subsidiary 
and what does the value add because we operate in a bunch of different 
sectors as well it seems not just in the water sector? 
Management:  
That’s a strategic investment on our part. As you rightly observed EXIM Bank 
of India, one of the key contributors there. It’s not really an operational 
investment, but we are supporting the initiatives of various bodies, including 
EXIM in order to facilitate business in the international markets. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag from Intellects Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. Next question is from the line of Sunil M Kothari 
from Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Sunil M Kothari: 
Thank you. Sir my question is related to the competition which you seem to be 
feeling the increasing in the engineering segment. So, how you see the 
scenario maybe over a year or two, maybe near term fine, but you would be 
proposing to capture this lower profit margin business or we will stick to 
whatever choices are there? 
Management: 
The opportunity size will continue to be very good. As we come out of the 
current year, my belief is that, we will see an increase in CAPEX in our 
economy. And that would create a much larger pie. We will continue to be 
careful about what types of businesses we pick up and at what commercial 
terms. Apart from the domestic market, an important consideration for us is the 
opportunity which we have in the international market. And we are pursuing 
some very interesting opportunities in global markets. So, on the whole I am 
sure that we would have a good bit of business coming in from Indian as well 
as the international markets going forward. Yes, the current quarter has been 
less than what we had otherwise expected. But this should improve in the 
coming quarters.  
Sunil M Kothari: 
Sir last question is, because you can get some lower execution of UP project 
and some delay in execution. It seems that next year, our executions will be 
far better. So, would you like to try to guide us about engineering segment 
growth next year 24-25? 
Management: 
Yes, it does look that we will be carrying through a substantial size of order 
book into the next year. And for the UP contract as you mentioned we should 
be carrying through good quantum. We would want to ensure that the invoicing 
level picks up and continues to pick up sequentially. Apart from UP contract, 
there are the other large contracts that we have, as well as the new contracts 
which we are hoping to win during the coming quarters. The overall trend of 
invoicing should improve going forward. But it’s actually a little bit early to start 
giving guidance for the next year as a whole. So, I am just giving you a generic 
outlook. And hopefully, over the course of the next two or three quarters, I 
would be able to give you more color.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit: 
Sir, I don’t know if I heard you correctly. Did you say that we will do a 10% 
revenue growth for the year in chemicals business? 
Management: 
Yes, you heard that right. We are targeting to grow by roughly around 10% on 
a consolidated basis.  

 
Page 9 of 12 
Amit: 
So, how much would that translate to into organic growth if you don’t mind, 
because the nine month number is flat in the chemical business. So, what kind 
of organic growth are we looking at in Q4? 
Management: 
So, on a standalone basis, we would be growing by roughly around 5% and on 
a console basis roughly by around 10%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Krisha Kansara from Molecule 
Ventures PMS. Please go ahead.  
Krisha Kansara: 
So, sir my question is regarding chemicals division. So, in this quarter, we saw 
that the chemical segment grew by around 30%. So, if you could just break 
this growth into three parts, let’s say how much was led by volume, how much 
was due to pricing and how much was due to the inclusion of Mapril in our 
consolidated statements, that would be helpful sir. Thank you. 
Management: 
We are roughly expecting around Rs. 80 crores top line addition by the end of 
the financial year from Mapril. For giving a sense of volume versus price 
growth, I can broadly tell you that during the recent few months, we have seen 
a degree of price correction on the downward side. So, our customers have 
benefited from slightly lower pricing from us and the growth which you see is 
in spite of that. 
Krisha Kansara: 
Okay. So, the growth is volume lead and sir this 80-crore top line is for the 
whole FY24, like last two quarters basically? 
Management: 
Yes, the Rs.  80 crores top line addition which I mentioned is for the financial 
year as a whole and we started consolidating after the first quarter. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mahesh Agarwal from Agarwal 
Family Office. Please go ahead.  
Mahesh Agarwal: 
I just wanted to double click on the China issues, specifically if we look at the 
domestic Indian market, are there any import duties or anti-dumping duties in 
place right now because something the government has been very proactive 
about is protecting some of the critical industries specifically related to China 
dumping and China in the resin market, I believe is 40% to 50% of the global 
supply. So, are there any of those policies already in place to protect local 
manufacturing from that, and if not is there any ongoing dialogue or discussion 
with the government around those? 
Management: 
The government has been promoting the Make in India concept . In various 
government tenders, there is a definite preference for products manufactured 
in India. So, there is an advantage which accrues on account of that. The anti-
dumping duties would feature on very specific cases. In general , we don’t see 
anti-dumping duties in the products which we deal with. But as I mentioned we 
are getting benefits from the government on other counts. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood, and what would be the reason why you don’t see anti-dumping 
duties because that’s one thing the government has been very proactive about 

 
Page 10 of 12 
for a lot of other products and industries. So, is there something about the 
nature of our products and industries that it would not make sense for the 
government to do so? 
Management: 
Yes, to an extent. The pricing on a landed basis that we are seeing from them, 
the government probably feels that they don’t need to intervene at this point. 
But we do keep a keen eye on these matters and bring it to the government’s 
notice when we feel it is important.  
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And what would be if you can give a rough sense of the difference 
in landed prices between say, a desperate China price versus our price in India 
and then also what the price differences would be when we sell abroad? 
Management: 
That’s a very broad market scope that we are looking at. So, it is difficult to 
generalize this but yes, we do see, when they get desperate then the price 
differences can become significant. But for chemicals as I mentioned, it’s not 
just the pricing, but also its quality, the service that we provide and other things.  
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And then how long would generally obviously I’m sure this will 
vary as well, the contracts on the chemical side, are they more on just a 
purchase order to purchase order basis, or is there also some form of a longer-
term contract with customers on the chemical side? 
Management: 
There are a lot of customers who would give a one-to-three-year contract. And 
there would be a few who procure the chemical products as and when required. 
But, we may be supplying to some of these customers for many years at a 
stretch. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood. And then on the EPC side, I just wanted to get your thoughts 
around what you are all seeing in terms of the landscape of projects, which are 
out there, both on the private sector and then specifically on the public sector 
as well. The reason I’m asking that is the government has been pushing out a 
lot of tenders around water related projects, both in municipal, wastewater 
irrigation and historically that’s not an area I know that you guys have been too 
keen to focus on, we focus more on the private side. But what is the opportunity 
that now looking like both on the private and public side and is there a change 
in mindset for us to maybe start focusing more on some of the public tenders 
as well? 
Management: 
We have been looking at some of the opportunities from the government 
sectors for some time now. But we remain very cautious about which 
opportunities we would want to work aggressively on and to what extent we 
are able to mitigate the risks which we perceive. And it’s an evolution that we 
are ourselves going through in terms of where we put our filters on a 
commercial front. So, we still are light on the government sector, and relatively 
heavier on the private sector. However, we aggressively pursue opportunities 
from select PSUs including the Navratna Companies. So, the PSUs like for 

 
Page 11 of 12 
example an NTPC or Indian Oil, would be equivalent to our private sector 
basket, and we go after these opportunities quite aggressively. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
Understood, got it. For instance, I believe there’s a desalination project now 
coming up for Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, would that be something that would fit 
the profile of projects we would be interested in? 
Management: 
Well, we take a balanced approach towards such an opportunity. And while we 
are interested in participating in it, the mechanisms of participation may be 
different from direct EPC contract. 
Mahesh Agarwal: 
The RO membrane supply would probably go from us, I’m guessing given our 
market share even if it’s not the EPC aspect. 
Management: 
 Right. So , we look at different ways of participating in some of these 
opportunities. Unfortunately , I can’t share more details on the call. But yes , 
we would participate.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead.  
Ayush Agarwal: 
I was saying that, on your consumer products segment, we are seeing 
increased losses from quarter-to-quarter, are you facing any challenges in 
reining in profitability? 
Management: 
At the moment the focus is on ramping up the overall revenues of that segment. 
And we are investing quite a lot on the manpower as well as increased 
expenditure on marketing. And that’s the reason that you are seeing the 
volumes growth of that business. But it has also contributed negatively to the 
bottom line. So, if we had also not focused on increasing the infrastructure for 
future growth we might have seen better profitability. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Understood. And recently, I read that PCBL is looking at entering the water 
treatment segment, I believe they bought out some major private company 
which is involved in water treatment chemicals. So, how do you stand in 
comparison to them at this stage?  
Management: 
Which company did you mention?  
Ayush Agarwal: 
Philips Carbon Black, they had recently acquired.  
Management: 
Well, there are always new entrants who enter into the market in one form or 
another. And it’s not a monopolistic market in any case, there are several 
domestic as well as global majors present in the space. So, competition is a 
part of the playing field. But as we’ve been mentioning, in the past, in spite of 
the competition, for example in our resin business we continue to enjoy more 
than 40% market share in the country. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Got it. And my last question is regarding your increase in deferred taxes, like I 
was looking at the balance sheet, and I believe your deferred taxes have 

 
Page 12 of 12 
doubled from the previous quarter, could you give us some more information 
on what taxes have been deferred? 
Vasant Naik: 
This is as per the relevant accounting and tax guidelines. The deferred tax are 
basically arising out of the timing differences. So, this will unwind in the coming 
quarters, so we don’t expect the effective tax rate to materially change. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question of the day, and I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. N.M. Ranadive from Ion Exchange India 
Limited for closing comments. 
N.M. Ranadive: 
Good evening. Thank you all for participating in this earnings Concall. I hope 
we have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the Company, we would be 
happy to be of assistance. We're very thankful to all of our investors who stood 
by us and also had confidence in the company’s growth plan and focus. And 
with this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Ion Exchange India Limited that concludes this conference for 
today. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
