 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 8069134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com, CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
Date: February 9, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra, Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on February 5, 2024 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the 
transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, February 5, 2024 at 5:00 PM (IST), 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2023. The audio recording of the said Earnings Conference Call and Transcript 
of the same are also available on the Company’s website at www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
  
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
NAGAM
ANI C Y
Digitally signed 
by NAGAMANI C Y 
Date: 2024.02.09 
15:58:45 +05'30'

1 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q3 FY2024 
 
Feb 5, 2024 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Kayum Dhanani – Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal – Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit Betala – Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma – Head of Investor Relations  
 
Moderator: 
 
Viraj Sanghavi – Ambit Capital 
 
 
 

           4, 2021 
2 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited hosted by Ambit Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Viraj Sanghvi from Ambit Capital. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Viraj Sanghvi: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. Welcome to the Q3FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
of Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited. 
From the Management, we have with us Mr. Kayum Dhanani – Managing Director, Mr. 
Rahul Agrawal – CEO and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Amit Betala – CFO and Mr. Bijay 
Sharma – Head of Investor Relations.  
Before we begin the Presentation, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the Earnings Presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I take the pleasure in welcoming 
you to Q3 FY24 Conference Call of Barbeque-Nation. 
The demand environment continues to be challenging and we expect a slow and gradual 
recovery in the near term. However, our strategic focus on portfolio rationalization, strong 
execution and multiple cost initiatives have helped us in delivering strong operating 
performance during the quarter. 
During Q3 FY24, we recorded a revenue of Rs.331 crores, which is a 1% growth on year-
on-year basis and  10% growth in sequential basis. It should be noted that this performance 
was achieved with relatively similar store count as last year. Our dine-in business with 
revenue of Rs. 283 crores remained flat compared to the same period last year and grew by 
10% sequentially. Delivery business accounted for revenues of Rs. 47 crores with a year-
on-year growth of 5% and sequential growth of 8%. 
Our focused efforts on margin expansion have delivered good results. During the quarter, 
our reported EBITDA margins were 20.5% and adjusted EBITDA margins were 11.4%. 
The margins were at six quarter high. 

           4, 2021 
3 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
During the quarter, we opened 2 new Barbeque Nation India restaurants and consolidated 
6 Salt restaurants into our network and closed 4 restaurants. As a result, our total network 
stood at 216 restaurants with 186 Barbeque Nation India, 16 Toscano, 8 Barbeque Nation 
in international and 6 Salt. We have already started building pipeline to drive network 
expansion. We target to open 25 to 30 new restaurants in FY25. The network growth would 
be broad-based across brands. 
Our Toscano and international business recorded strong revenue growth and both the 
businesses continue to report very strong operating margins. During the quarter we also 
completed the consolidation of ‘Salt’, which is consolidated in our results from November-
23 onwards. This business also performed well and recorded year-on-year revenue growth. 
The integration of the business is on track and we are focusing on strengthening teams for 
the business. 
We continue to focus on enhancing guest experience through initiatives such as culinary 
festivals, special menu activities, guest engagement initiatives and restaurant upgrades. 
These initiatives are anticipated to enhance overall guest experience and drive footfalls. 
While the overall demand scenario continues to be weak, the trend of improvement in 
SSSG and operating margins in our business is very encouraging. We remain committed 
to further drive growth through SSSG & store expansions and maintain our operating 
margins. Our medium to long term growth forecast remains intact and any favorable shift 
in demand trend will further support our journey. 
Thank you. Over to you Rahul. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you Kayum. Good evening everyone. 
During the quarter we delivered a revenue of Rs.331 crores, a growth of 0.8% on a Y-o-Y 
basis and 9.7% sequentially. On Y-o-Y basis, the revenue growth was relatively flattish 
due to slower new store expansion, network rationalization and the negative same store 
sales growth. 
Our Dine-in revenues for the quarter were flat at Rs.283 crores and grew sequentially by 
10%. Due to seasonal shift this year, October month was impacted with higher share of 
vegetarian days. Our dine-in revenue growth was over 3% year-on-year for November and 
December 23.  
Our Delivery business grew by 5.2% on  year-on-year basis and 8.4% sequentially. The 
growth in delivery segment was predominantly led by increased penetration of our Briyani 
brand ‘Dum Safar’. Our SSSG for the quarter was negative 4.9%, of which the majority of 
decline was attributable to October month due to higher vegetarian days. Excluding 

           4, 2021 
4 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
October month, the SSSG was negative 2.2% in November and December 2023. We have 
been observing gradual improvement in SSSG on month-on-month basis. We anticipate 
the trend to continue and SSSG numbers to be relatively further better next quarter.  
During the quarter, matured restaurant portfolio delivered annualized revenue per outlet of 
Rs.6.6 crore with restaurant operating margins of 18.5%. While the matured portfolio has 
experienced some SSSG decline, we have been able to maintain the restaurant operating 
margins. The new restaurant portfolio reported annualized revenue per outlet of Rs.5.1 
crore, with restaurant operating margins of 10.6%. This improvement is on  account of 
increase in average aging of the portfolio.  
Gross margins for the quarter improved by 117 basis points on a year-on-year basis, and 
192 basis point sequentially. Around 80 basis point improvement in gross margin during 
the quarter is due to reclassification adjustment and balance improvement is primarily led 
by lower food cost per cover and better realization in beverages. Just to clarify, the 
reclassification adjustment is between gross margin, food cost and employee cost. There’s 
no impact on EBITDA because of this reclassification.  
Consolidated reported EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.68 crores and an increase of 7.6% 
on a year-on-year basis, and over 40% on sequential basis. The reported EBITDA margin 
for the quarter was 20.5%. 
Our pre-IndAS adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was Rs.38 crores with a margin of 11.4%. 
Pre-IndAS adjusted EBITDA also increased by 7.8% on year-on-year basis and nearly 
doubled compared to previous quarter. The improvement in margins was largely led by 
improvement in gross margin, impact of portfolio rationalization, cost initiatives and 
operating leverage that we registered in this quarter. 
During the quarter, we generated operating cash of Rs.37 crores, which is around 11% of 
operating revenues. We continue to have strong operating profit to cash conversion.  
International business also continued its strong performance with year-on-year revenue 
growth of 24% and strong operating margins. During the year we have added two new 
restaurants in the portfolio. Our focus will be to enhance capacity utilization of the newly 
opened restaurant and ensure they reach their optimal levels faster. 
The performance of the Toscano remained strong with year-on-year revenue growth of 
23% in Q3FY24 and strong operating margins. During the year, we have already added 
two new store to the portfolio. In our Toscano business, the focus will be expansion led 
growth coupled with maintaining same store sales growth. Salt was consolidated for two 
months during the quarter. Integration of Salt with Barbeque-Nation and Toscano is 
progressing well.  

           4, 2021 
5 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Our restaurant network as of 31st  December, 2023 stood at 216 restaurants. During the 
quarter, we opened two new Barbeque Nation restaurants in India, consolidated six Salt 
restaurants and closed four restaurants. Our network expansion efforts are also on track. 
Currently, we have five restaurants under construction and have an advanced pipeline of 
10 under discussion sites. These restaurants are expected to commence operations in 
H1FY25. We plan to add 25-30 new restaurants in FY25 and expect this expansion to be 
broad based across Barbeque Nation, Toscano and Salt.  
Going ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic that various initiatives undertaken by us, 
coupled with renewed focus on network expansion would further enhance our operating 
performance. 
Thank you. With this we can open the session for Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Vishal Gutka from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers despite muted SSSG growth. I have two questions. 
The first thing is on the gross margin side, could you highlight how sustainable these gains 
are, what led to this kind of gains of around profit of 120 basis points in Y-o-Y, something 
you told on reclassification apart from that, any other thing that is driving this. Second 
thing is on the restaurant operating margin related to new store, when I see Q1 FY24 
number for new store you had a revenue of around Rs. 52 million, at that point of time you 
reported a restaurant operating margin of 4.3% for new stores, this time around, you are on 
similar kind of revenue, but restaurant operating margin has shot up to 10.6%. Can you 
please explain what is driving this kind of improvement despite sales remaining the same? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sure, thanks Vishal. So, first on the gross margin, as you said we have 120 basis point 
improvement on Y-o-Y basis, out of which 80 basis point has come from reclassification 
and 40 basis point has been the structural improvement in the business. Let me explain the 
80 basis points first, as per our new auditors who have joined us, we spend food cost for 
our employee meals in the outlets and that amount was  earlier parked in food cost for the 
overall business. And now that amount is classified into employee cost. So, that 80-basis 
adjustment improvement will continue. On the 40-basis point, the improvement has been 
driven by lower food cost per cover, which again also is sustainable. And there has been 
better realization on our beverages. There are some offers that used to run on beverages, 
which once we removed, we haven’t seen any impact on those beverage sales and has 
positively contributed to our gross margin. Both of these efforts will continue and the lower 
levels of gross margin that you saw in quarter one and quarter two, I don’t expect that to 
be repeated in quarter four and going forward. 

           4, 2021 
6 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Your other question on restaurant operating margin. Yes, in quarter one, there was a Rs.5.2 
crores of average revenue from new stores, just similar in quarter three, but the margin 
profile is different for two reasons, one is a clear improvement in the gross margin if you 
look at our gross margin these were lowest in quarter one of this financial year, wherein in 
quarter three these are among the highest. So, barring the reclassification adjustment there 
is approximately 2%-2.5% improvement in gross margin between quarter one and quarter 
three. Secondly, in quarter one, whatever restaurants that were closed and some of the 
losses that were incurred during the time of closure, were all categorized under the new 
restaurant portfolio. So, matured restaurants are the one which have been operating for 
more than two years and everything else was classified under new restaurants. As we are 
done through our portfolio adjustment, most of these cost related to the closed outlets have 
gone and led to improvement in our overall numbers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshil Shethia from Ladderup Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshil Shethia: 
Sir, what kind of cost initiatives are we taking to deliver such kind of gross and EBITDA 
margins? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Like I said on the gross margin side the food cost per cover has reduced, there has been 
many exercises, there has been packaging cost reductions that has happened which has led 
to improvement in your gross margin. Further on the other cost initiatives, there have been 
rationalization on employee cost, even in some places rents have been relooked at and other 
initiatives have been taken to drive the profitability. 
Harshil Shethia: 
And, if you can just give us some examples to understand the same? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Like I said on the beverage side we were operating at an overall company level gross 
margins of around 55% that number has itself gone up to around 65% and the beverage 
contribution in the business is approximately 7%. So, 0.7% margin expansion has also 
come from that side. And these two numbers are comparing between sequential quarters. 
This is just an example like that there are many others that have been undertaken.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
I just wanted to understand the math of your SSSG versus margins going ahead. So, see 
what has happened is that, over the last couple of years the revenue per restaurant has 
fallen. And at the same time there is normal inflation in all the cost below EBITDA. So, 
what is the interplay of this, like if you have going forward if you have a 5% SSSG, does 
that bring you back to a normalized annual margin of let’s say 13%, 14% on the full 
company level and old stores put together or do you think that, that is not possible because 

           4, 2021 
7 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
the equation of revenue per store decline and cost per store increase over two years 
compounded will mean that you will need two, three years of SSSG to be strong to come 
back to that kind of 13%, 14% margin at overall company level, what are your thoughts on 
this? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thanks Percy for your question. So, overall, if you look at the current quarter at a portfolio 
level including the new and old restaurant, we have an average annualized revenue of 
Rs.6.2 crores and delivered around 16.7%, restaurant operating margins. With a negative 
SSSG of 5%. Without this negative SSSG of 5%, the operating leverage story is fully intact. 
Just to say the revenue numbers were higher by 5%, out of this 5% at least 2.5% would 
flow down to your bottom line. And we have seen that, if you look at the current quarter, 
the month of December generally is one of the best month for us. And specifically in the 
month of December we have seen restaurant operating margins upwards of 22%. And 
October month was one of the bad months because of high number of vegetarian days and 
we have seen operating leverage playing and it’s been lower. Overall, the entire quarter 
basis we are at around  11.5%. And it’s just about higher sales, a 10% higher sales from 
this, at least 4% to 5% will further flow down to our margins. Just to also mention on the 
margin improvements. Like I said there are four attributes of margin improvement. First 
one is improvement in gross margin. Second is the impact of portfolio rationalization, 
which means that some of the closed store margins are obviously dragging. And the new 
store that now added to the matured portfolio they are performing better than what the 
closed stores were performing. So, overall percentages have improved. Third is obviously 
cost initiative, the multiple initiatives taken some of the examples that I gave recently, and 
fourth is operating leverage. The first three are structural changes and in my view the mid-
single digit margins that we saw in the previous three quarters is something that will not 
happen now. And the fourth factor which is operating leverage is clearly a function of 
market. Once that comes in, we expect our margins to revert back to 13%, 14% that used 
to be historically. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, two follow ups on this Rahul. One is that Q3 your seasonally strongest quarter. And 
therefore, if you have done 11.5%  in Q3, all other things being equal just the seasonality 
would mean that this would translate to an annualized margin of somewhere in the region 
of 9 to 9.5%. So, if we have to go on a full year basis this journey from 9%, 9.5% to let’s 
say, 13.5%, 14%. Do you think that just the SSSG coming back to 5% is enough or would 
you need to do something more also in addition to this? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, it’s enough, because if you look at this quarter three and your annualized number of 
say, 9.5% 10% this also bakes in around overall for the first nine months, around 8% of 
SSSG decline. So, just that reversal of that 8% SSSG decline will lead to margin 
improvement by 3% to 4% points. 

           4, 2021 
8 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay. So, basically if I were to just say it in a nutshell supposing if you deliver, let’s say 
4% to 5% positive SSSG in FY25, then the full year margins would be possible in that 
13.5% to 14% region would that be a correct interpretation?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, understood. Secondly, just wanted to understand what are your plans in terms of 
new store openings for FY25 and if you can break it up by segment, and also do you have 
any closure plans for FY25 or is it now more or less going to be done by the end of FY24? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
For FY25, we expect to do around 25 to 30 sites. And broadly 50% of this will be for 
Barbeque Nation brand and the balance 50% would be for both Toscano and Salt. So, this 
is the broad breakup. In terms of closures, we’re largely done in this financial year. In 
FY25, I don’t expect any closures to be there but the focus on overall profitability is very 
high. So, at max, for the next year full year, I don’t expect to go beyond three to four 
closures which is usual closure rate which the company will maintain going forward. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay, understood. And there is no plan for any international store opening next year? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
There are. When I say Barbeque Nation brand, I mean also international. We can do two 
to three international stores. International business is delivering around 20% EBITDA 
margin. So, there is cash accumulation there and we may open new stores based on the 
availability of good sites, we will utilize that same cash to expand. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh from K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
I just wanted to understand what goes into the decision making of opening the new 
restaurants and then what goes to decision of closing the old restaurants. Because we have 
been seeing like we are adding eight closing four, this has been repeating for the last three, 
four quarters. So, in the first place, what are the drivers of opening that restaurants and then 
why are we closing them now. This has been happening for a long time now. So, that’s 
why I just wanted to understand, what are the parameters that are used to open and close? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Rajesh. We have to look at the history of last three years after stepping out of 
COVID. We have delivered good results in our business. And based on the success of those 
existing restaurants, we started to map the market and went ahead and open up a few more, 
both in metro tier one market and tier two markets. And over the period of last four to five 
quarters, in general, there has been a demand issue in the market, which has been impacting 
a lot of our restaurants. We took a hard call of halting the store expansion for some time. 
And we are looking at our entire portfolio to rebalance in the right manner. And that is why 
for the entire year, we have closed few restaurants and very selectively looking at opening 
up the new ones. By the end of this year we are done with that and we are at the right stage 

           4, 2021 
9 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
of resuming our growth. One other change that you will see between our expansions last 
year versus this year is that last year FY23 is that FY23 was largely led by Barbeque Nation. 
But today given that we have three to four strong brands in our portfolio, we want this to 
be more broad-based so that the impact of any possible cannibalization or impact of 
maturing of these new restaurants, and the impact on our financials is managed well. So, 
this is broadly our strategy we have to react to the strategy based on market condition and 
that’s what we have done. 
Rajesh: 
So, when do you revisit your decision to open, now that we have opened some new 
restaurant, so when do you come back and review is this the right decision or not and what 
goes into it? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Frankly last quarter also, we had mentioned that we believe that our expansion or the other 
restaurant rationalization program is pretty much done. Last quarter when we spoke in 
November, we clearly knew what needs to be done in terms of more closures. And we had 
already started to build our pipeline from December, January onwards. And obviously the 
lag in terms of building pipeline and then there is construction and then the restaurant starts 
trading. So, as an organization we are already two to three months into building our 
pipelines and then some of these getting into construction. So, as in we are already got into 
that phase now.  
Rajesh: 
Okay. So, one other question I have is that you have made this statement at least twice 
already that this quarters margins are like sort of the base so we will not be seeing lower 
margins like last three quarters going forward. So, if you see this SSSG, it’s still in the 
negative zone and our margins have moved up, can you please explain the difference 
because those things are clearly not matching here. And then your confidence that going 
forward it will not go down; the margins will not go down. So, I just wanted to understand 
how things work out actually. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, when we compare this quarters margin with the previous three quarters, obviously like 
I said, there’s delta because of gross margin, there is delta because of portfolio 
rationalization, which was not built into last three quarters, but it’s built into here, because 
all the closing costs, one-time cost has all been factored into, there is impact of cost 
initiatives. Some of  the initiatives, even if you start something, it doesn’t start flowing 
from day one, we make a decision, we implement that. And there’s a lag of anywhere 
between one to two quarters depending on the initiative we have taken. So, all of these 
things have come into play in quarter three. So, the only comment that I’m making is,  all 
the efforts taken are more structural and permanent. And the margin improvement this 
quarter which is a seasonally good quarter for us, driving from the operating leverage is 
something that is always at play. So, if the revenues dip in quarter four, then to some extent 
margins will dip only to the factor of operating leverage, but the other three initial factors 
will continue to play. 

           4, 2021 
10 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Vicky Punjabi from UTI Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Just a quick one. What surprised me in this result was that, if I look at your peer set, the 
dine-in revenue have somewhere been under pressures sequentially, on a per store basis 
they have declined, it’s not something which you have seen. What has driven this, as I 
understand  if I read the comments properly, it’s actually led by higher foot fall. And this 
is on a sequential basis, I want to understand what’s actually driving this change in behavior 
of Barbeque Nation versus the other. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
On a sequential basis, obviously quarter two is one of the weakest but higher numbers of 
vegetarian days. If you look at quarter two, pretty much 70% of the month was impacted 
because of various vegetarian days. Whereas it continued in October because of factors 
like Adhikmas,but that consumption pattern came back in November, December. And 
frankly, this sequential improvement between quarter two and quarter three, if you look at 
our historical numbers, six, seven years back, history these are similar, December month 
like I said, was very good, the month itself was SSSG positive for us. So, it is all led by 
footfalls. 
Vicky Punjabi:  
Actually dine-in to be fair, mainly for the QSR companies Q3 used to be better than Q2. 
Just that this year I thought was an exception kind of gave  perception that sequentially 
decline in consumer sentiment somewhere, but your results kind of in fact the opposite 
side, especially given that you are high on dine-in. But, is consumer demand environment 
improved, or is that true or has the store closures somewhere help here?  
Rahul Agrawal:  
Both have helped. Look no doubt portfolio rationalization has helped. Portfolio 
rationalization also has shrinked our overall top line but has expanded our margins. And in 
some cases, if the demand was moving into, splitting between two restaurants have now 
moved into one restaurants. And when I talk about portfolio rationalization this is done 
across only 15 markets out of say 80 markets that we operate in and that has delivered some 
results. Also on sequential basis quarter three dine-in business has been better, corporate 
business for example between 10th of December to around 24th, 25th of December was 
very good. Even during the last week of December the business was very good. And my 
peer check with a lot dine-in players or casual dine-in players, they have pretty much seen 
similar improvements in the month of December. 
Vicky Punjabi:  
Okay. And just to understand the commentary, you said that at least on the SSSG basis 
sequentially the trends are improving, and can I take the fact that the demand environment 
continues to improve? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I can’t say clearly that demand has improved considerably. But one of the other empirical 
study that I believe also is, the overall supply in the restaurant industry has gone up a lot. 

           4, 2021 
11 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
There has also been distribution of the customers across more number of players. To that 
extent, the entire industry environment remains challenging. And that is why in this 
challenging environment, your own in-house or internal execution becomes very 
important. And you have to have a very tight control on your cost so that the operating 
performance is delivered. Obviously now in business some of these things take time, which 
is what we have gone through over the period of last three quarters. But I won’t stand up 
and say that no demand has completely improved. To some extent, the base impact will 
also kick-in the next financial year, but I still don’t see the same level of demand that maybe 
we have seen for example, pre-COVID days. 
Vicky Punjabi:  
Okay. And just last one on the store expansion front. So, there were certain decisions that 
led to higher accelerated pace of store expansion early and now we have ended up 
rationalizing those stores. And we review our expansion now, but how confident are we 
that same rush if we resume our expansion, we won’t be in the same position of possibly 
rationalizing stores two years, three years down the line, how well have we rectified the 
reasons because of which this rationalization? 
Rahul Agrawal:  
FY24 the period of new store expansion has been very slow and cautious. FY23 store 
expansion,  it was focused on only one brand, which is Barbeque Nation. And that has put 
a lot of pressure and the store expansion was also done in an environment of declining 
industry trends. Next year given the base impact, given that there has been rationalization 
done, and is also being done across the industry, there would be some improvement and I 
see, well it will be slow and store expansion done in that environment versus ‘23 and 
secondly, store expansion being done across a few focused brands will put less pressure on 
the operating performance of one brand. To that extent, it’s different. Plus, our internal 
evaluation category has also been strengthened. Some I can speak about, some I can’t speak 
about openly, but overall, I feel confident that the drag that happened from expansion in 
FY23, should not be there. 
Vicky Punjabi:  
Sure. And just last one, I missed this, what is the guidance for expansion? 
Rahul Agrawal:  
We are looking at 25 to 30 new stores in FY25. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Resha Mehta from Green Edge 
Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Resha Mehta: 
Most of my questions have been answered, just two more. So, the first one is on the Salt. 
Can you share what was the revenue number for the two months, November and December 
as it was consolidated and also would this similar consumer demand trends reflect in Salt’s 
revenue growth profile as well, if you could just comment on that, that’s the first question. 

           4, 2021 
12 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Salt for two months did approximately Rs.6.2 crores across their six restaurants. And they 
did an operating margin of around one odd crores from that. So, the impact is not drastic 
on the overall numbers. Yes, Salt also has reflected similar demand trends. Just one 
comment on Salt, Salt number of restaurant are very small. And they have one restaurant 
in Chennai which got impacted a lot in the month of December because of floods. Just one 
restaurant there, and Barbeque Nation also has restaurants in Chennai, but in the entire 
scheme of things, it balances out. But for Salt, it mattered.  
Resha Mehta: 
And the second one is on the cloud kitchen. So, if I recall correctly, we also did get into 
this format post COVID. So, since it does not get mentioned in the presentation, I’m not 
sure whether we are still continuing or not, but how has been the experience for us and 
what’s the unit economics there if you can just elaborate on that? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We are not continuing with this. We have consolidated this from our existing operations 
itself. We experimented with this during a period when average revenue per store from our 
Delivery business was higher. But as this stabilized at around Rs.24,000, Rs.25,000 per 
day, which is average earnings of Rs.8, Rs.9 lakh per store, it was not making sense to 
incrementally spend on rent, manpower, supply chain, and therefore we stick to only doing 
it from our own outlets. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Manav Vijay from Deep Financial 
Consultants. Please go ahead.  
Manav Vijay: 
Sir, first of all if you can tell us regarding the Salt restaurants, so they have been classified 
as mature ones, or as new restaurants? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Out of six restaurants that they have, five are more than two years old and classified as 
mature, and one which is new is classified as new. 
Manav Vijay: 
Okay. My second question is sir, if you look at the sales breakup last year roughly 75% of 
your sales came from metro and tier one towns, which in nine months has roughly moved 
to 77 to 78. So, going forward what should we assume that the proportion of sales coming 
from metro and tier one towns where I believe the focus is well, for the new restaurants 
opening as well. So, this number will continue to move up? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, we don’t give numbers on share of business, we give numbers on store counts. And 
that will remain at 75:25. So, delta is based on the opportunity that you might get in that 
quarter but, strategically that percentage will remain at 75:25. 
Manav Vijay: 
Okay, fair enough. Sir my last question is, so let’s assume for a second that, let’s say 
demand doesn’t improve so SSSG doesn’t improve. So, from the current cost base that we 
are sitting on, since we have taken a lot of steps or efforts in last nine months, 15 months 

           4, 2021 
13 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
to correct the base that we had. So, are there further levers available if let’s say demand 
were not to revive even in next six months, nine months? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Look there are efforts being taken and there are ongoing efforts also which is there. On the 
demand scenario, I don’t believe that this will not improve and obviously, there is a lot of 
work being also done at the store level for guest engagement, you must have seen a lot of 
food activation work that we are doing in the outlet, which is also giving us good results. 
Eating out will not completely go away. Some of the supply also will correct because at 
these levels, I don’t think people can continue while this business throws out a lot of cash, 
but if not managed well, this can also lead to losses. It’s a matter of time, we have to stay 
put and keep giving our efforts towards that. In a scenario wherein this continues in the 
same fashion. We obviously will, obviously margin will not be at the same level that you 
should one year but we’ll continue to drive efforts and see how we can optimize our 
business. 
Manav Vijay: 
Okay. My last question to you, sir. So, you intend to open roughly 25 to 30 next year, what 
will be the CAPEX for the same and whether the operations will generate enough cash for 
you to open them? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. the overall CAPEX including maintenance CAPEX and other one-time CAPEX 
should be in the range of Rs.80 crores to Rs.90 crores. And our operations are good enough 
to generate that, even this financial year for the first nine months we have generated around 
similar numbers. And despite a weak year for us, because of H1, I think we generate more 
than this. So, this is how the company has been built, we grow largely from our internal 
accruals. 
Manav Vijay: 
So, what has been the cash generation in the first nine months of this year, compared to 
last year of nine months? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
This quarter has been Rs 37 crores. For the full nine months, we would be approximately 
Rs 80 odd crores. Last year, nine months would be Rs115 odd crores. Sorry, Bijay or Amit 
if you can help me with those numbers? 
Bijay Sharma: 
Rs. 105 odd crores for last year nine months. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Resha Mehta from Green Edge 
Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Resha Mehta: 
So, you spoke about the increase in supply or increase competition in the eating out space. 
So, do you think this is structurally increased and is worth the stay and when was the last 
cycle when we saw such an increase in supply and then how things panned out in that 
cycle?  

           4, 2021 
14 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Well, very difficult for me to put a number in the past. But, if you look at our trade area, 
trade markets, we see a lot of casual dining restaurants opening up, new concepts opening 
up. And normally, when some of these things open up consumers do go and try and in most 
of these cases, the real trick is whether that excitement is maintained by that restaurant over 
a period of time. Normally in my experience if it is a fad, if it is something which is new, 
and doesn’t catch the fancy of the consumer for a longer period of time, this normally sort 
of dies off and auto correct and consumers go back to their usual places. This is where we 
are, unfortunately we don’t have any formula in industry report to quote these numbers. 
But based on our internal study of also the trade areas, we do see supply has gone up. 
Resha Mehta: 
And would you say that it’s also not only because of the subdued demand, but also because 
of this increased competition that you are seeing a dip in the number of your repeat 
customers or your loyal customers, have you seen that in your numbers? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It’s both, one obviously that the entire consumer space is has been struggling with this. It 
is mix of both which is decline in consumer demand, discretionary spends and also 
increased supply which is for restaurants. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. On behalf of 
Ambit Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 

           4, 2021 
15 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q3 FY2024 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Ltd. 
+91 080 6902 8721 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not a verbatim record of the proceedings.  
 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
 “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.barbequenation.com 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to barbeque 
Nation’s future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our 
assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other 
unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors 
include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in 
currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial 
conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and 
financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
