February 02, 2024 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department. 
PJ. Towers. 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543066 
SECURITY: Equity Shares/Debentures 
Dear Sirs, 
MAKING LIFE SIMPLE 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex. 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: SBICARD 
SECURITY: Equity Shares 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - SBI Card 3O'FY24 Earnings 
Call 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on January 25, 2024 with analysts/investors, has been made 
available on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link. Further, the same 
is also attached herewith for reference. 
https: //www.sbicard.com / en/who-we-are/analyst-investor-meeting.page 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Payal Mittal Chhabra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Date and Time of event: - January 25, 2024 at 7.35 PM 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Ltd. 
DLF Infinity Towers, Tower C, 
12th Floor, Block 2, Building 3, 
DLF Cyber City, Gurugram - 122002, 
Haryana, India 
Tel : 0124-4589803 
Email: customercare@sbicard.com 
Website: sbicard.com 
Registered Office: 
Unit 401 & 402, 4th Floor, Aggarwal Millennium Tower, 
E 1,2,3, Netaji Subhash Place, Wazirpur, New Delhi - 110034 
CIN - L65999DL 1998PLC093849 
PAYAL 
MITTAL 
CHHABRA
Digitally signed by 
PAYAL MITTAL 
CHHABRA 
Date: 2024.02.02 
15:01:40 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
• 
MR. ABHIJIT CHAKRAVORTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
• 
MR. GIRISH BUDHIRAJA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF SALES AND MARKETING 
OFFICER  
• 
MS. RASHMI MOHANTY – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
• 
MR. SHANTANU SRIVASTAVA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
• 
MS. NANDINI MALHOTRA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER 
 
OSBl card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal the operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijit Chakravorty – MD and CEO. Over to you, sir. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Good evening, everyone! I am pleased to welcome you to the Q3 FY’24 earnings call along with 
my senior management team at SBI Card.  
Indian economy continues its sturdy growth pace. India’s GDP is expected to grow at around 
7% in FY’24, as per the National Statistical office’s (NSO) and RBI’s projections of 7.3% and 
7% respectively. One indication of this resilience is the positive consumer confidence. In fact, 
as per some studies, India has emerged as one of the most optimistic markets across the world.  
The credit cards industry has been experiencing robust growth, with outstanding cards reaching 
97.9 million in December 2023 witnessing a 20% YoY increase. Growing usage and adoption 
of credit cards can be gauged from strong growth in credit cards spends. In October 2023, 
industry witnessed the highest ever monthly credit card spends reaching the value of Rs 1.78 
lakh crore with over 23.5% growth YoY. As the industry continues to grow, during the past few 
months some significant measures have been introduced by the regulators that will be key in 
shaping the industry’s course. Some key measures include: 
• 
Increase in risk weightage for unsecured lending - This will ensure prudent growth 
and have a positive impact on good quality customer acquisition. 
• 
Enhancement in UPI transaction limits for hospitals and educational institutions as 
well as increase in the limit for recurring payments for specified categories that include 
mutual fund subscriptions, insurance premium subscriptions and credit card 
repayments. 
• 
Roll out of master direction on Internal Ombudsman Mechanism in regulated entities 
to further strengthen the customer protection and fairness. 
Indian credit cards industry continues to hold potential. SBI Card is well-equipped to tap into 
the opportunities arising out of it and will continue to leverage its extensive network and 
experience for sustainable and profitable growth.  
Let us now look at SBI Card’s Business Overview in Q3 FY’24 
In Q3 FY’24, SBI Card continued its growth track with a sturdy business performance. Our cards 
in force have grown 16% YoY and are at 1.85 crore, as of Dec’23. We continue on a steady path 
of new account sourcing. SBI Card’s market share in cards in force stands at 18.9%. We added 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
nearly 11 lakh (10.96 lakh) new accounts in Q3 FY’24. We remain focused on continuing the 
momentum to building a quality portfolio, deprioritising certain segments.  
We have seen strong growth in card spends during Q3 FY’24, reaching the highest ever quarterly 
spends milestone. Overall spends have grown 41% YoY to Rs. 96,860 crore with strong 
performance in retail and corporate spends. Our market share in spends stands at 18.3%. Our 
retail spends have been strong with 35% YoY growth rising to Rs 73,519 crore in the quarter, 
with increase across all key spend categories. Our spends per card for retail spends grew to Rs 
1,62,000 in Q3 FY’24 from Rs 1,42,000 in Q3 FY’23. (Ret+corp spend per card in Q3 FY’24 – 
Rs 2,13,000).  
We rolled out around 2200 offers across 2700+ cities to enhance festivities of our customers. 
Reflecting our customer centricity, these offers were introduced across online and offline 
merchants at national, regional, and hyperlocal levels and catered to our millions of customers 
countrywide. The increased festive spends also improved our 30-day spends active rate to 52% 
in Q3 FY’24 indicating the success of our festive campaigns through strong engagement with 
our cardholders.  
The UPI functionality on Rupay credit cards is fast becoming popular among our customers with 
about 25% of all RuPay cardholders already being enrolled for UPI usage. Our monthly average 
UPI spends per active account has increased to over Rs 12000 with average ticket size being 
around Rs 880.  
Our receivables have grown to Rs 48,850 crore with a 26% YoY growth on account of strong 
spends. Our receivables per card have grown and are at Rs 26,438 in Q3 FY’24 Vs Rs 24,318 in 
Q3 FY’23. 
Our share of interest earning receivables is stable at 62% QoQ in Q3 FY’24 while increasing 
from 61% in Q3 FY’23. The percentage share of revolvers in the receivables mix has reduced 
marginally and stands at 23%, however, it has been growing in absolute numbers. The share of 
term NEA is going strong and has increased to 38%. EMI volume was also positively impacted 
that led to 58% growth in Q3 FY’24 vs Q3 FY’23. 
Some of our initiatives during the quarter: 
• 
We have recently launched a new co-branded card in partnership with Reliance. This 
card is available digitally and through all Reliance retail stores. 
• 
Another important development has been connecting our SPRINT platform with 
YONO. This now enables YONO customers to get SBI Card digitally end to end. 
• 
Further, during the quarter, SBI Card went live on Bharat Billpay under credit card 
biller category. This adds to the various features that we have provided to our 
cardholders, delivering them greater convenience and flexibility. 
 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Coming to the financial performance in Q3 FY2024 
Our revenue and profit growth remain healthy. Our total revenue in Q3 FY’24 was at Rs 4,742 
crore, registering a 30% YoY growth. In Q3 FY’24, our revenue from operations was Rs 4,622 
crore with 32% YoY growth. Interest income has also grown by 29%, contributing 45% share 
of overall revenue from operations. Our PAT for Q3 FY’24 is Rs 549 crore with 8% YoY 
growth.  
Our Cost of Funds (COF) has increased to 7.6% vs the previous 7.1% quarter. We had indicated 
last quarter that our cost of funds will be higher. The increase is on account of higher borrowing 
rates compared to the previous quarter and is also impacted by the RBI’s action of increase in 
risk weights for banks on lending to NBFCs. Our cost of borrowing from banks is higher by 
about 25-30 bps post the RBI circular. We will see the impact of this increase for the full quarter 
in Q4 and, therefore, expect the COF to increase further in Q4.  
RBI’s action on increased risk weights on unsecured lending impacted our CAR like others in 
the industry. Our CAR for Q3FY24 is at 18.4%. While we are well capitalized and well above 
the regulatory guideline of 15%, we further augmented our Tier 2 capital through a bond issue 
this week. Our profits will continue to increase the CAR. 
The yield has increased by 82 bps YoY to 17.2% in Q3 FY’24. I would like to highlight that we 
have been reporting all our financial metrics on a quarterly average number and hence for a 
festive quarter such as this, where the NEA book is volatile through the quarter, the quarterly 
average is not the right representation of the metric. A more accurate presentation of this metric 
will be on a monthly average basis and at that measure the yield and the NIM for the quarter 
were 16.6% and 11% respectively.  As an annexure to our presentation, we have presented the 
financial metrics both on a quarterly average and monthly average basis. And in future we will 
provide all metrics on a monthly average basis. 
On asset quality, As of Q3 FY’24, GNPA is at 2.64%. Our Gross Credit Cost is at 7.5% in Q3 
FY’24. As per our conversations with the credit bureau, there is an increase in 30+DPD and 
90+DPD for credit cards across the industry. Industry data also suggests there is a worsening in 
delinquency levels for unsecured exposures. This has been recognised by the RBI and has been 
factored into recent regulatory changes (e.g. changes in risk weights) and their guidance for 
increased adherence to their prudential norms with regard to unsecured lending. Since we have 
a 19% market share and are part of the ecosystem, these industry and macroeconomic trends 
also impact us, as was already stated in our last quarter call.  
We have taken multiple actions over the last few quarters covering underwriting, portfolio and 
collections to address the stress in certain segments of the unsecured advances ecosystem. These 
actions include reduction in limits, restrictions on cross-sell and spend trigger based early 
blocking. As a practice we keep refining our underwriting policies based on portfolio diagnostics 
and bureau information. Our new sourcing continues to be better based on early delinquency 
trends. We will continue to fine-tune our policies and processes across the customer lifecycle. 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
While we have taken the actions, and the recent portfolio is displaying better quality, the stress 
in the certain accounts in existing portfolio due to multiple tradelines indicates that the credit 
cost will remain elevated around the current levels over next two quarters. However, our 
collection intensity and recovery measures will continue. 
Our ROAA for Q3 FY’24 is at 4.1% due to increased cost of funds, increased credit cost and 
higher festive campaigns. 
In Conclusion, we expect to maintain a healthy business momentum to continue, owing to 
positive consumer confidence and the healthy traction in discretionary spends including travel 
and entertainment. We remain committed to our shareholders, customers, and partners as we 
continue to create value for all our stakeholders through a growing and profitable business. 
Now, we are open to questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Sir, I just wanted to discuss more on credit costs. Basically, it's a general rise in delinquencies 
in the system; it's no particular cohort. And why would you think this is happening? Is it because 
of the seasoning? Is it because of inflation? What do you think? Or is it just because of aggressive 
lending by the sector, which affects all players then? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
It is difficult to give an attribution, but what is clear is that what we are experiencing is in line 
with the rest of the industry as well. Although this is not part of the presentation because we 
don't disclose it because we are not authorized to, there is data from the bureau that indicates 
that the stress is widespread throughout the industry in the unsecured assets space. While the 
overall consumer assets space is somewhat more benign, especially in the secured segment, the 
unsecured segment isn't doing too well in terms of the delinquency trends, as noted in the 30-
day number or the 90-day number, which is measured on a quarterly and half yearly basis by the 
bureaus. And the quarter-on-quarter and 6 month on 6 month trends indicate that there has been 
a pickup to the extent of about 80 basis points in the 30-day number and about 40 basis points 
of the 90-day number, which is an appreciable increase of about 16% in delinquencies at the 30-
day mark and the 90-day mark, both. This is specifically for the cards segment. What we are 
experiencing is in line with the rest of the industry. What might be causing it is more difficult to 
say but there is enough and more mentioned in the mainstream media or the general media 
around macroeconomic factors and other environmental factors that might be causing it, but we 
don't have an attributable reason for this. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Sir, my next question is on margins. You have given a monthly average of margins where 
margins seem to have declined by 25 bps. What kind of margin decline would you envisage in 
the 4th quarter then given that the cost of funds would rise even then? 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
We have already said that we do expect the cost of funds to be higher in Quarter 4 and also gave 
you reasons as to why we think that the cost of funds will be higher. Already 1 month into the 
quarter, we are seeing the impact of the higher cost of borrowings from the bank. Obviously, our 
endeavor will be to pass on whatever we can of this increased cost to the customer. So, it is 
difficult to give you our stance on the NIMs. We will try to compress, make sure that the 
compression is as minimal as possible, but at this point in time, the guidance or the note that we 
can share with you is on the cost of funds. We will try to minimize the compression. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Sir, you mentioned some of the steps you all are taking to improve underwriting, but can you 
just run us through if you have an NPL account, once he pays his overdue, do you then block 
the limit? Do you restore it back to the original? What sort of actions are you taking here? And 
in that light, how should we think of credit costs over the next year? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
In terms of actions that we are taking, we can give you more color but the wider projection of 
credit costs, MD sir has already answered in his speech in terms of what the outlook might be. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
You wanted to know about how we treat an NPL account to be specific. Did I understand it 
correctly? 
Piran Engineer: 
Once the account turns NPL, you are obviously putting in all your collection efforts. Once you 
collect that, do you block that account? Do you remove him as a customer? Do you just give 
him a reduced credit limit? Do you reinstate the entire credit limit? How does that work? 
Nandini Malhotra: 
When an account becomes an NPA and the customer pays all his overdue, while he gets out of 
NPA, in order for it to be assessed whether we should reinstate the limit, there is an assessment 
that happens. There is a policy that we follow. And we don't restore the entire credit limit 
completely. We follow a graded approach. It's not that all customers will get reinstated. We have 
a specific policy which includes looking at the credit bureau and looking at other factors before 
reinstating. 
Piran Engineer: 
Can you give a sense how many such customers you all would have now just stopped, like fully 
cut the credit limit? I'm just trying to get a sense of because this is eventually a revolving credit, 
right? It's not a one-time loan. So, I want to get a sense of how much of the cleanup is done. 
That's my point. 
Nandini Malhotra: 
Majority of the cleanup is anyway done once an account reaches NPA, which of course it is a 
hard block. And as I just mentioned, there is a reinstatement policy and a process that follows. 
It is not that we open the limit immediately, if that is your question. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
You can also estimate it from the other side of the overall attrition because these customers we 
take them out of our books of the overall attrition. Close to 40% to 45% is involuntary, which is 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
where we have taken the customer out of our books. On an annualized basis, which is where you 
can assess the numbers from. 
Piran Engineer: 
And secondly, in terms of you all have been curtailing new card sourcing. How should we think 
of spends growth next year in that context? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
I would just supplement it. We are not curtailing. If we were curtailing, we would not have done 
11 lakh cards in this quarter. 
Piran Engineer: 
You were doing 15 lakh cards 2-3 quarters back. So, relatively, it is curtailing. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
That was Q3 December, and we did run various pilots at that time, which we came out of during 
later stages. I wouldn't say it is curtailing; it is restricting to certain geography and to certain 
segments. We will continue to have a robust business plan. We will continue to grow. It's not 
that we are going to curtail. I would supplement that we have not used the word curtail. We have 
done certain corrections on certain geographies and certain segments. That we have done. And 
compared to the previous years' certain periods when we were running certain pilots, we have 
come out of those pilots. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
The first question is on open-sourced customers and SBI sourced customers. When we onboard 
both customers, how many of them or what percentage of them already have a credit card or 
another trade line? That's the first question. And second is, what was the spend in the festive 
season for the 2,200 schemes that we just discussed? What's the absolute dollar value of these 
spends? These are my 2 questions. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
First part, on the open market, 100% of the customers will have a trade line. We don't do new-
to-credit customers through the open market. On the Banca piece on the NTCC which is what 
you are asking, which is new to credit card or new to credit if you take that people who do not 
have a credit line, that number keeps varying from month to month, but the range of the Banca 
customers will be anywhere between 10% to 15%. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
10% to 15% will have a credit card? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Will not have a credit line. These will be 10% to 15%. And these customers are assessed through 
their savings bank account data through which we are able to see the cash flows of the customer, 
and there are models which are run to be able to assess these guys. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
And the relative mix between open market and Banca is about 50:50. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
And the second one? 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Girish Budhiraja: 
On the second one, which is the festival season spending, we have given you the retail spends 
for the quarter. The retail spend was close to almost around Rs. 76,000 crores for the quarter. 
Because this time the festival season started from 1st of October itself and it typically ended 
with 14th November, which was Deepawali, we saw October spending at the peak and then 
November and December were slightly lower than October. But month-by-month spends is 
already available on the RBI website. You can see the spends there. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
I am asking about the OPEX. I am not asking about the spends. What is the OPEX that was there 
– the cost? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
We don't disclose the line item around the expense that we have incurred for the festive 
campaign, Shubhranshu. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shweta Daptardar from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Two questions. 1) Can we attribute NIM compression also because of continued increase in 
corporate spends? 2) You did guide on elevated credit cost sustaining for the next 2 quarters. I 
am referring to gross credit cost. Do you believe there will be a further spike in this number 
going forward? If you can give a range. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Your question is that is the NIM compression happening because of corporate spends. The 
answer is no, because the corporate spends do not really add too much of the NEA. They neither 
give you any interest, nor do they have a cost of funds impact as well. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Regarding the credit cost part, we have given guidance, and we are anticipating that it will prevail 
around the elevated levels, and it will be around the current levels. And how do we do it? 
Somewhere we have done our portfolio analysis. We have seen how the stress is building up and 
specific accounts, how they are behaving, their behavior through the bureau. All taken together, 
we have seen there is a probability of certain accounts which will continue to remain delinquent, 
and based on that expectation, we are anticipating it to be around the current levels. That's how 
we are looking at it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Two questions; one is on the delinquency side. If you can share some color as to how you 
compare the delinquency between the EMI and the revolver mix? We have incurred 7.5% credit 
cost while the revolve mix is going down. How do you really see this trend? Because, if you 
look back, generally an increase in revolve is something to be correlated with the increase in 
credit cost, maybe on a lag basis. But here, the revolve rate has been sticky for so long. In fact, 
it has gone down a bit this quarter versus the credit costs are inching up. How do you see this 
disconnected trend? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
The first part of your question is about the relative quality of the revolver base versus the EMI 
base. The EMI base has indeed lower yield and also lower risk, as is intuitive, and I think we 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
have spoken about it earlier as well. The other part of your question is around why the credit 
cost is going up and revolver is coming down. One part of the answer is that it's not really 
established in terms of empirical proof to what extent they are correlated. So, we can't really 
attribute movements in one direction versus movements in the other direction in an empirical 
sort of way. But yes, it is somewhat anomalous, but the answer lies in the changes in the credit 
quality as evidenced in our flow rates. And that is part of the reason why we are projecting 
elevated credit costs over the next few quarters. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
One more if I may. It's on the capital side. Because of the risk rate impact, the capital levels have 
come down. Any plans to support or beef up the capital ratios over the coming quarters? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
We are actually very comfortably placed on the Tier-1 capital. There, we can augment our 
overall capital through Tier-2 issuances. We have done 1 bond issue this week itself and will 
continue to explore to do more. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amey from Tata Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Amey Sathe: 
Just one question. On the credit cost, how much was the standard asset provision for the quarter 
and how much was the loan loss provision for the quarter? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
The breakup that we give you is in terms of write-offs and provisions only. Out of the increase 
of Rs. 140 odd crores in the credit cost, there is a breakup between increase in provisions and 
delta in write-offs that's evident in our presentation deck as well. Rs. 100 crores and Rs. 40 crores 
are the breakup. 
Amey Sathe: 
Because your loan balances also have gone up, logically, your standard asset provision also 
would have been quite high this quarter? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Yes. In the deck, the disclosure is made in the deck on the right-hand side of the deck. 
Amey Sathe: 
On the margin side, once this 4th quarter increase in funding cost is done, logically next year 
onwards, should we see at least stable margins from that point on? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
I hope I had a glass where I could foresee where the rates are. 
Amey Sathe: 
Assuming the rate stay as it is? 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
I would say that even if we see a bit of an increase in the cost of funds in quarter 1 of next 
financial year, it will be a very marginal post which we should definitely see a stable scenario 
on the cost of funds. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Roshan Chutkey from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Roshan Chutkey: 
I just wanted to understand if there is any color in terms of vintage curves. Which vintage is 
hurting us? Or is it broad based? Any further dissection to this gross credit cost by some cohort 
which is useful to learn, sir? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
We continue on the same lines which we stated in the previous call also that as of now, there are 
no cohorts. We see it right across the portfolio. Specifically, we look at what is happening in 
their bureau behavior. The common thread is, wherever there is a multiple trade line, all the 
delinquencies what we are seeing and the probabilities, the common thread is having multiple 
credits. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Just to supplement on that, while we can't call out any particular cohort in the manner that we 
did 2 or 3 quarters ago, we do continue to monitor our portfolio through various factors like 
vintages, like geographies, like city tiers, like self-employed versus salaried, like age, like 
category of employers, etc. And we do both univariate and multivariate analyses of our portfolio 
and wherever that shows up, areas of stress, appropriate portfolio actions are taken. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
One other question here. Basically, how should I get comfort that we are close to the end and 
what does it take for one to believe that we are at the bottom of the cycle here? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
It is difficult to say that. That's also evident and subsumed in the answer we gave around 
projection for credit cost. We can't call the top or the bottom. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
Any leading indicators here? Anything that you are doing from your end? Sourcing, portfolio 
actions which will help us get better outcomes later? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Yes, we take actions through the life cycle of the customers, starting from the underwriting stage 
right through portfolio management including our marketing efforts and cross-sell efforts. All 
of those are informed by the insights that our portfolio insight team comes up with and also off- 
us a bureau performance data as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anuj Singla from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Singla: 
The first question is with regard to credit cost. I think you mentioned it's going to remain elevated 
for the next 2 quarters or was it a few quarters? Do we have the visibility that it can normalize 
towards the end of next year? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Everything will depend on how the ecosystem improves based on the corrective actions taken 
by RBI. So, somewhere what we are looking at is our own portfolio that has been impacted by 
multiple trade lines where there is a delay in payment by certain accounts. There is a delay cum 
inability of the payment because of multiple trade lines. Once we have seen it, we are looking at 
it for the next 2 quarters. It's very difficult to say how it will come out after 2 quarters or so, but 
then what we can see as of now, we have shared. 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Anuj Singla: 
And the second question sir, I think we had articulated a target or the sustainable credit cost 
guidance of 5.8 to 6.2. Will it be fair to assume that's likely to be too conservative in the current 
scenario and this could be a new normal where the credit cost could remain high for an elongated 
period of time versus that guidance? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
In the last quarter also, we had stated that if anybody asks me for an aspiration, I will still say 
my aspiration will be around 6%. Why should I not aspire to be that? But then, if in spite of our 
best of our models and best of our sourcing, if there is a multiple borrowing subsequently and 
inability to pay compounded with various factors impacting the borrowers, this will continue in 
the short run. But left to me, I would definitely aspire to be at 6%. But as I said, for the next 2 
quarters, at least in the near term, we don't say it is happening. 
Anuj Singla: 
And lastly, on the UPI credit card customers that the linking has happened. You have shared 
some good insights there. Is it possible to share something on the asset mix as well? Is the asset 
mix similar to what we have on the company level or is it very differentiated there? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Too early for asset mix behavior. As you see, the numbers have actually grown rapidly. It's more 
than 3x what we were at the end of September quarter. In the next couple of quarters as we see 
the assets buildup coming across, we will start giving that information also. But as of now, it is 
too early for that aspect. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jha from Bay Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jha: 
My question is regarding the credit cost. At the end of Q1 call, you had given a guidance that 
H2 credit cost will be around 6%, but we have already breached that at 7.5%. What has changed 
in the last 2 quarters that we have breached it with such a large margin? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Somewhere we need to see what has made RBI take these drastic actions too suddenly. When 
nobody was expecting, RBI came out with their guidelines in November. And even before RBI 
came out with guidelines, I will again refer to my own earnings call on the 27th of October, 
where we shared that we are seeing an overall stress in the ecosystem and that is impacting us. 
Very clearly, we had stated that. So, somewhere the stress was building up and it started 
impacting. As I said, the aspirations will remain and we will continue to work towards that, but 
unless there is an improvement in the ecosystem and there is a higher ability to repay back 
through the multiple trade lines, this will continue for the short run. 
Rahul Jha: 
How often do we scrub the CIBIL database? How do we know whether you have multiple trade 
lines post him defaulting or before him defaulting? How often do we do that? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
The approach is to do it in a calibrated fashion depending on the nature of the customer. It can 
be as frequently as once a month. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
I will just supplement that. I think the industry is aware of the services that are provided by the 
bureau. So, we avail them. 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Laddha from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Anand Laddha: 
I just wanted to understand like is it possible for us to categorize customers based on the behavior 
pattern or based on the multiple lines they are running. How many customers of ours could be 
such that who have multiple lines running for them and who could have seen delayed payments 
so that at least we can categorize that this is the pool size which is seeing some stress and 
probably action can be taken against that pool size? Secondly, what I understand is that the bulk 
of the customers we acquired have a CIBIL score of 725, 750, and above. Despite that CIBIL 
score, we are seeing such large delinquencies. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
The day he comes for a credit card, he must be at around 730-750. He merrily goes, creates a 
credit history, then borrows more, and one fine day, he is at 600. So, when the credit decision 
was taken, it was fine, with good repayment capability. But then, over a period of time, using 
the same good credit score, a fellow builds up a liability which he is unable to sustain and service. 
This is what we observed when we went through the portfolio. 
Anand Laddha: 
Sir, is there anything we can do on that before that? Before the customer turns 600 score, are 
there any lead indicators that the client has taken multiple lines of credit? What action we can 
take? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
In our call itself, we have stated what we have started doing. One is that some of them perhaps 
will definitely flow. And that's where our estimates of credit costs come. Those we have 
identified early; we pull the plug on the limits. And we have been able to take action on almost 
3 lakh accounts where we have taken action on the limits. Wherever we have been able to cap, 
we have capped the limits at the lower levels so that we are able to cut the losses. And this is a 
perpetual process. This is a daily and perpetual process which has been happening for the last 5 
to 6 quarters. 
Anand Laddha: 
In which cohorts do we see the maximum delinquency? Is it the salaried or self-employed? Is it 
the government employee cat A or cat B? Any color you can give? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
That's where we have been repeatedly saying that this is a malady which is spread across the 
portfolio. We see one here, we see two there, it's like that. 
Anand Laddha: 
And there is no differentiation in the portfolio which is sourced outside from SBI and from open 
market? Is there any stark difference between the 2 portfolio qualities? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
I think I answered this question a little while ago. We analyze our portfolio in multiple ways 
across channels, across segments, across city tiers, and whenever we notice any pockets of stress, 
we do take action. But it's difficult to color any one segment or channel with a broad brush. 
Anand Laddha: 
Last one from my side, sir. Today, credit card in general is a high-risk category, and we used to 
earn high yield on the revolve. Now, the bulk of the customers have moved to EMI whereas the 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
credit risk and the default risk remain the same. Is there any way that you can increase the 
interface on the EMI customers so that at least it gets compensated? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
On the installment lending products, if you notice, rates have increased over the last 1 to 1.5 
years. They have gone up from almost 150 basis points to 250 basis points in certain categories. 
There is a limit to which we can take it up, but wherever we get an opportunity and – you are 
right – if the risk weightage increases of the EMI customers or as the cost of fund goes up, we 
get those opportunities to increase the rates and we have been increasing the rates in the past. If 
we see that continuing, for example, as Rashmi was mentioning, if there is a cost of fund increase 
that we will see in our portfolio, we will try to pass that on to our customers. 
Anand Laddha: 
Do you believe that the credit card addition for the industry will slow down and even it will slow 
down for us also? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
We don't have any reason today to believe that. As we speak, about hundreds of my fellows or 
thousand of our fellows will be out in the market sourcing some card or two at this moment. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of M. B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Sir, the spend growth has been about 40% and if you look at the loan growth or the receivables 
growth, it has been about mid 20s. In the past, usually you should see it in the month after the 
spends has been completed. But this time, December was a bit slow. So, just I'm trying to 
understand why the loan growth translation has been a bit weak. 
Girish Budhiraja: 
You have to first, rather than year on year, look at it from a quarter-to-quarter movement 
perspective. From the last quarter, the spends increase is almost close to 20% or so on a quarter-
to-quarter basis. Just the retail spends I'm talking about because corporate spend does not lead 
to assets. That increase we saw, in most categories, in the month of October itself because most 
of the spending happened in the month of October. And that was the peak. After that, November 
was lesser than October, and December was almost at a similar level compared to November. 
What has also happened is when you look at the asset buildup, not only the revolve asset has 
increased in absolute terms because if the asset has increased by close to around, as you were 
saying, 9% to 10%, the revolve asset has also increased broadly at the same rate. It is that the 
new sale of installment lending has actually increased by a far larger level. It is because there is 
a pay down which happens on installment lending. So, it is always on a treadmill kind of a 
scenario. But the new sales have actually increased dramatically. This time, we saw a large 
amount of new spends converting into installment lending. Usually, the number used to vary at 
around close to 9.5% to 10% of the spends, but this quarter, we have seen this number go up to 
almost 11% of the spends. And most of it is, as you are aware, happening digitally. Customers 
do it on their own on our mobile app itself. Actually, the asset buildup this quarter has been fairly 
strong. And also, not only the transactor assets because it has remained stable, but it is also the 
installment and revolve assets both have got built up. 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Because the retail spend growth was up 20% whereas if you look at the overall loan growth, it's 
about 8% QoQ. Do you think it's largely explained by the EMI product? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Yes, absolutely. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
Just one question on the QR codes and the RuPay ecosystem. In your discussion with NPCI, 
how has been the market opening up at the merchant level on the credit card on RuPay products? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
As of now, what we have seen is that the transaction data is fairly strong. You can already see 
that the ticket size is around Rs. 880 or so for the quarter and the average spend is around Rs. 
12,000. The transacting customer is making almost close to 14 to 15 transactions on a monthly 
basis, and that becomes a fairly common routine. Fifteen UPI transactions per transacting 
customers; they are using it at almost every merchant that they can find. Not many complaints 
we have got. There are a few merchants who do not allow specifically credit card transactions 
to still go through. But most of these merchants are more organized merchants where otherwise 
credit card payment was also allowed and they are just trying to save something on the MDR. 
Smaller merchants, local shops, we have not seen that kind of trend picking up. 
M. B. Mahesh: 
So, overall, you are saying that the merchant acceptance levels have not been too painful? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
Yes. If you will see, for example, these are some organized online merchants and certain 
merchants which manage utility bills for residential colonies; some of those merchants would 
charge a surcharge or do something when we were paying through credit card and allow only 
UPI transactions and not through credit card. But the primary purpose of this was to get the 
smaller department stores, tea stalls, barbershops, those are all accepting the card through these 
UPI transactions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Kaitav Shah: 
Sir, just one question; that's regarding more about the growth on Advances next year. Given 
what has been happening, a) on the risk weight side, b) a general increase in credit cost at your 
end, do you think we are going to tighten how we are going to give out credit cards for next 
year? Any sort of thoughts around here? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
As of now, for the next 2 quarters – MD sir has already talked about – we will continue to run 
at this rate for the new customer acquisition at least for 2 quarters. If things start to improve from 
there, we will enhance our run rate going into next year. Let's see the conditions for the next 2 
quarters. Hopefully, by Q2 of next financial year, we should be able to get the new customer 
acquisition at a slightly higher rate. The spends is going very strong, and the reason why we say 
this is that it's not only in this season, but you have also already seen the existing customers are 
spending higher. When the existing customer starts to spend more through more categories, 
through more options, and the RuPay UPI thing is still spreading – we started to scratch the 
surface as of now – we believe that more spends will definitely come. Regarding the assets, that's 
a second-degree buildup on this one, we foresee that the installment lending is going to be fairly 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
strong. Revolve, to a degree, is also dependent on the kind of measures that we take on the 
underwriting space and on the portfolio management space. As we stated last time that if it 
remained stable at this 24% plus or minus 1%, we would be very happy. That is the way we look 
at it going in the next year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anand Dama from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Anand Dama: 
Sir, is it possible for you to share the breakup between the PLCC, i.e., personal loan on credit 
card and the EMI portfolio? 
Girish Budhiraja: 
We have not declared that earlier, so we would not be able to do it at this stage. 
Anand Dama: 
In terms of the asset quality or the NPA formation that we have seen in the recent past, any 
breakup that you can share, or any thoughts like in terms of whether we are seeing more 
delinquencies coming from the EMI pool or it's mainly the revolver customer who is delinquent? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Unfortunately, we don't give that level of disclosure. 
Anand Dama: 
But if you can just give some relative view on that. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
That I have already mentioned. Relative to the revolver bit, the EMI assets are better in terms of 
asset quality, and they are much lower in terms of the credit cost as well. 
Anand Dama: 
Basically, a lot of NBFCs and banks usually tend to give out their portfolio at risk book. Going 
forward, if you can start sharing that data as well through the presentation, that will be really 
appreciated. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
Noted. Thank you so much. We will think about it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mandora from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Sir, in the earlier participant's question, you had explained that when we are onboarding 
customers, they are at around 720-730 levels and then subsequently fall to 600. I just want to 
understand, sir, is it possible or are we doing something to assess the income of the customer 
when we are onboarding and the kind of profile? Because one of the credit card journeys that I 
had with SBI Card, it just took the name of the company where I work and the designation, but 
no subsequent documents were collected. Is there something where we can – which I may not 
be aware of, and you may be doing it – assess the income profile and the quality of income to 
avoid these kinds of scenarios? Just wanted your thoughts on this. And second, if we look at the 
Stage-2 that were disclosed, it is not increasing despite the jump on delinquencies that we are 
seeing. Why it's sort of flattish Q-on-Q or year on year? 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
I will answer the first part. Please rest assured that we do arrive at the income assessment. There 
are ways of doing it in the market and we also do it and we do it to very fair accuracy. Income 
assessment is one of the most important pillars of the card assessment. So, that is definitely done. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Stage-2 is not increasing in the receivables that we give quarterly despite the delinquencies that 
we are seeing and the guidance of higher delinquencies for the next 2 quarters. Why is it still at 
6%? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
The relative mix that you are talking about or stage 1, 2, and 3 receivables. 
Rohan Mandora: 
Stage-2 Receivables. 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
There is a bit of a rounding error here as well because we don't publish beyond the round 
numbers. So, the decimals aren't visible. But you can see a pickup in receivables and the mix 
remains largely the same at a whole number level. But there are marginal movements in decimal 
numbers for the Stage-2 assets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishnan ASV from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Krishnan ASV: 
I was just wondering, 1) about all the behavioral issues that you mentioned with the multi-carded 
customers. And my query was regarding supposing if you carded me, Krishnan, as a multi card 
customer in your open market channel and if you have noticed some behavior already in the 
December quarter, why wouldn't you be able to switch off the Krishnan outstanding? Why would 
you need two more quarters to see the same? I am saying, with all the algos and the science that 
we do, why would you find it difficult to dial down on the customers where you have already 
identified across pools, across bivariate, multivariate, every cohort way that you can analyze? If 
you know that there are pools that are likely to give a problem, why wouldn't you be able to dial 
down or switch off those? 2) On the borrowing side, you are bank heavy now. Is there any 
thought process around wanting to diversify that a little bit better? 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
On the first part; first of all, it is not multi-carded, it is multi trade lines at times. And as I said 
that let's say for open market at the time of onboarding, there is a possibility of a trade line. It 
can be carded, or it can be any other trade line. Now, having noticed Krishnan's behavior through 
the bureau and the spends in December, as I said, I do block the limits wherever possible. If Mr. 
Krishnan is having a limit of Rs. 5 lakhs and I find him on outstanding he is at 3, I will cap it at 
3. And thereafter, I will watch him continue to cap it. But then what happens? The moment if 
Mr. Krishnan does not want to pay, he will not reduce his outstanding below Rs. 3 lakhs. So, 
this Rs. 3 lakhs is going to flow ultimately to NPA and to write-off stage over 180 days. 
Krishnan ASV: 
But wouldn't that already be a part of what you have recognized during the December quarter? 
Because, you have been saying this, as you mentioned, on the 27th of October also; you called 
this out even before the RBI did anything about this. 
OSBI Card 

 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Yes, we did notice, but then, as I said, Mr. Krishnan could have been one of the indicators when 
I started working in August, but he was fine. Suddenly, his behavior started deteriorating in 
December. 
Krishnan ASV: 
Okay, I understood. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
It's not that we have cut a line where all the good borrowers have remained good after August, 
and they have not deteriorated. It's a perpetual process of identification through the bureau 
monitoring and the spend behavior that we are perpetually observing. And that exactly answers 
your question. If we are sitting in December, we can only look at the behavior up to December 
and predict up to the next 2 quarters. This explains everything. 
Krishnan ASV: 
The other one around bank borrowings versus how you could diversify. 
Rashmi Mohanty: 
That's something which we keep doing. It's not that we have just been borrowing from the banks. 
Even in this financial year, we have a couple of bond borrowings, opportunistically borrowing 
from the capital market wherever we got the rates right. And we will continue to look at that. 
Krishnan ASV: 
I just have one last question which is related to the first one. Is there any merit in relooking at 
your expected credit loss norms given what you are experiencing from a behavioral thing? And 
this is not just for you. I'm assuming SBI Cards is not unique in this. It's something which is 
probably prevailing in the entire credit card industry right now. But you being a monoline player, 
is there a reason for you to relook at your ECL working? 
Shantanu Srivastava: 
Our ECL model – like our other Tier 1 models – requires external validation on an annual basis 
and also quarterly refresh of all the data and it's also subject to close scrutiny by the regulators 
as well. And they have looked at it on the most recent visit. And even our board and our ACB 
look at our model and validate it and look at the validation reports of the external validation 
consultant. We follow market best practice in this area, and we continue to refresh our model on 
the specified frequencies. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Abhijit Chakravorty for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Abhijit Chakravorty: 
Thank you all of you for joining and looking at us quite closely. I share my gratitude towards 
our shareholders, investors, and business partners for their continued trust and support and 
believing in the strength of SBI Card. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
OSBI Card 
