15th February, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 5th 
Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400051 
BSE Limited  
The Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers  Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Symbol: BALRAMCHIN 
Scrip Code: 500038 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Ref : Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call held on 9th February, 2024.  
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: www.chini.com 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Manoj Agarwal  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
MANOJ 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ AGARWAL 
Date: 2024.02.15 
12:20:22 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you Sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Balrampur 
Chini Mills Q3 & 9M FY24 results conference call. We have with us Mr. Vivek 
Saraogi – Chairman & Managing Director and Mr. Pramod Patwari – Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company.  
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we have the forum open for a question-and-answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to make his opening remarks.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for joining us on our results con-call. I 
trust you had the opportunity to go through the results presentation providing details 
of our operation and financial performance. 
I will initiate the call, with an update on current developments in the sector, followed 
by our Company's key highlights for the period under review.  
As per the latest data from ISMA and the production estimates done by us, the 
gross sugar production looks like ~33.2-33.3 million tonnes. Government has 
allowed and approved  diversion of sugar in form of sugarcane syrup and B-heavy 
molasses the combination of which is a total of 1.7 million tonnes. Therefore, 
leaving a net production of about ~31.5-31.7 million tonnes.  
Factoring in an opening stock of ~5.6 million tonnes, domestic consumption of ~28.5 
million tonnes, net production on ~31.5-31.7 million tonnes, it is projected, the 
closing inventory for the current year, that is 1st October 2024, would be around 
~8.7-8.8 million tonnes.  

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
To address the anticipated increase in inventory, we believe it is necessary to divert 
more sugar towards ethanol production. We are hopeful and we are liaising with the 
Government to review its policy, which is limiting the diversion to 1.7 million tonnes 
for ethanol blending. This could help in alleviating the surplus. However, the 
temporary alteration made by the Central Government in ethanol production has 
compelled companies to adjust their mid-season strategies resulting in production of 
more sugar that was initially anticipated at the start of the season. 
Consequently, this shift in focus towards sugar production will reduce the availability 
of syrup and B-heavy molasses for ethanol production. As a result, sugar will be 
held for a longer period of time instead of being promptly converted into cash flow 
through the sale of ethanol. This would add an additional cost as more working 
capital would be required and therefore a higher interest burden. 
Amidst these challenges, the UP Government has raised SAP from Rs. 350 to 370 
that's an increase of Rs.20 per quintal. The increase in cane price this year adds to 
the pressure already felt by the lower diversion as done by the Central Government.  
Shifting our focus to our business performance, we are pleased to announce 
healthy operational and financial performance supported by improved volumes, 
higher realizations across all segments. Enhancements in operational efficiency are 
driven by higher sugar production and further improved our overall results. 
Our dedicated engagement with the farming community has yielded significant 
benefits by working closely with the farmers over the past two seasons. We have 
strengthened our decade-old partnership resulting in improvement in both the 
quantity and we are hoping for a higher recovery also. 
Our efforts to enhance both the quality and quantity are proving successful, and we 
are hoping for a 10% increase in crushing and a higher recovery. A little too early to 
tabulate or give the figure but yes, we are hoping for a higher recovery definitely and 
already to date we are higher than last year.  
To conclude, over the years, our integrated operations have enabled us to maintain 
a robust balance sheet and generating healthy cash flows, reflecting the strength of 
our business model. We remain committed to harnessing the synergies between 
sugar and distillery segments, which has been a key driver of our success. And, we 
therefore have the strength and the ability to navigate these transitory challenges. 
We plan to capitalize on future opportunities to create long-term value for our 
shareholders through a prudent balance between capital allocation, borrowing and 
reward to shareholders. 
So, this brings me to an end of my discussion. Now, I would like to hand over the 
floor to Pramod. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you, and good afternoon everyone. And as the presentation 
has already been shared with everyone, I would not like to repeat the financial 
highlights here once again, and we would straight away go to the question-and-
answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Shailesh L Kanani from Centrum Broking.  
Shailesh L Kanani: 
Sir, Congratulations for an impressive performance both in terms of operational and 
crushing for the initial part of the season. I would also like to take this opportunity to 
congratulate Avantika Mam as well for her new role and wish her all the best. First 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
and foremost, I would like to get some guidance on ethanol volume numbers and 
which route would be used for the fourth quarter and FY25 if you can shed some 
guidance on that? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you, Shailesh. For the FY24 nine months, we have already achieved ~20 
crore liter sales including the ENA and for the full FY24, the range is between 25-26 
crore liter including ENA. FY25 will be difficult at this point in time to make any 
guess because we are not sure what kind of policy the Government will have. So, 
even if I have to put any number, even if this program is repeated then definitely 
~26-27 crore liter is minimum for next year also. Otherwise, we have the ability to go 
up to ~33 - 34 crore liter of ethanol and ENA volume in FY25. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, I would like to just add a little more and put things in perspective as I see them. 
So, what we face this year is, I would say a reaction towards the election from both 
the Governments, center, and state. So, initial estimates were lower of sugar 
production at the net level and at the gross level, there were people who were 
talking of 29 million tonnes sugar production at the net level. So, that I believe sort 
of stoked a little too much of fear in the Government’s mind. And therefore, this kind 
of limit of sugar diversion was put in. Having said that, now I do not think anybody 
wants a price rise or any sort of eventualities we are going to deal with. So, 
therefore the stock is piling up. Now this piled up stock would definitely be available 
for higher diversion next year. So, in my personal view, again it's a personal view. 
Even next year production even if it decreases let's say 3 million tonne you would 
move from a gross level of ~33.5 which is the gross level this year to ~30.5 let us 
say, which is still going to be one to one and a half million over consumption. So, in 
your current stock at ~8.5 million tonne you would have ~3 million and next year you 
would have a surplus of ~1.5 million. So, I believe personally that the ethanol 
program will be in full 100% flow on more juice, B-heavy, everything next year. And I 
have given you the rationale behind it. There is sugar available to be diverted. 
Again, if not diverted it will create a complete negative effect in the Government's 
mind, the whole program began with the rationale for diverting surplus sugar. 
Hence, ensuring market price and payment to farmers with no excess stock, but a 
cash flow to the mills. It is an aberration of a year because of election to my mind, 
this stock which will come in hand will ensure that from next year onwards in our 
view, there will be no more aberration. I hope I have been able to give you the data 
correct; you have understood the data. 
Shailesh L Kanani: 
Yes, it’s quite helpful. Just to reiterate. So, in FY25 in the worst-case situation or I 
would say the situation what we are currently in, we are expecting at least 25 to 26 
crore litre of volumes, at least a flattish volume though we have a capacity of higher 
volumes, but we will do at least that in current situation? 
Shailesh L Kanani: 
So, we would be using other feedstock’s like grain, maize, damaged grains, that 
would give us this comfort of 25 -26 crore litre? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. We have only one multi-feed distillery, that is in Maizapur.  
Shailesh L Kanani: 
Right. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
That will be used throughout with these products hopefully. But the others are not 
multi-feed. They are planned for B-heavy and juice.  
Shailesh L Kanani: 
Fair enough. And guidance based on that estimate, on that assumption that 
Government will relax the policy in for next season basically, fair enough it sounds 
logical and reasonable. Sir, can I get some data keeping questions like, how would 
be our diversion of sugarcane for the current quarter? 

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Quarter wise it is very difficult. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Very difficult quarter wise. You should see the season. Nine months has been 
disclosed. In the next quarter, you will get the next three month. 
Pramod Patwari: 
But still, I would like to give an attempt. So, this year we got an allocation of around 
~3 crore liter for juice based Ethanol. So, maybe around 37 to 38 lakh quintals of 
sugar will get diverted towards that route. And around 11.5 to 12 crore liter is B-
heavy. So, rest we go for C-heavy only. 
Shailesh L Kanani: 
Fair enough, that’s helpful. Sir how are we looking at this season in terms of gross 
recovery, last season if I recall, it was around 11.6%. So, we are expecting at least 
11.6% right on the gross level? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Higher. On the gross level 11.62% was the figure last year, we are expecting higher 
recovery this year, higher than 11.6%. So, Avantika has just joined us. She will take 
us through the cane efforts made by us, and variety next year, this year, just a quick 
rundown on cane.  
Avantika Saraogi: 
So, good afternoon everyone. I just want to update on the season already gone by 
and whatever is left in this season. So, up until now mostly we have crushed ratoon 
cane, which has already resulted in a better recovery than last year at this moment 
in time. Also, going forward our plant cane varietal mix is even better than the 
ratoon cane. So, this should result in a higher jump, even then what we are at now. 
So, the recovery is being higher and the cane crush being higher. Both of that will 
gross up, just the way it did last year. So, again in both ways we will have better 
results other than this, we have been able to tackle top borer, red rot and any other 
small or big phenomena whether it's El Nino, whether it's La Nina, whatever it is, we 
are ready for everything. And we have been able to tackle it and we are coming out 
on top. So, I would say our varietal mix is probably one of the best in the country at 
this moment. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
It’s a talk ask, but yes things are better. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Yes, things are good. So, I would say we are very positive for the season that left 
and for the coming season. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, basically what has been achieved is through effort, we are now deep diving into 
even managing the soil deficiency, etc. So, we are taking this now to the next level, 
where we can build our reinforcement to the best of our ability against any climatic 
fluctuation.  
Avantika Saraogi: 
And, I want to add one thing, multiple reports of El Nino phenomena dampening, 
and La Nina emerging will help industry at large as well. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Let's not make that claim right now. So, our variety, if you see our variety, it would 
be probably definitely the best in UP with minimum infestation of 0238 which is in 
some areas played havoc with red rot. So, we will emerge post season you would 
be able to see the comparison yourself. For all the companies are last year 
crushing, last year recovery versus current year crushing, current year recovery. We 
feel the delta for Balrampur should be the best. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial.  
Achal Lohade: 
Just to extend the earlier comment, Avantika you may with respect to cane 
development. Given the efforts gone into and the results what you are seeing, A. is 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
there a substantial scope to increase the cane crushing in terms of availability of 
cane, or let's say over next three to five years, could this go up by 30%, 40%, in 
terms of the existing acreage, as well as possibility of increasing the acreage? 
Avantika Saraogi: 
It's a little bit difficult for me to answer in the exact terms which you have asked but, 
I will attempt. So, we do have scope to increase cane to maybe ~10% more level at 
this crushing capacity that we have. If we need to increase crushing more, we will 
need to increase our capacity which can happen, which would be a management 
decision which would happen as and when it goes.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
By the Board. 
Avantika Saraogi: 
If you are asking me scope in East UP, yes there's definitely scope in East UP. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, as she put it assume our internal estimates are ~10%-11% higher than last 
year, and we can crush ~11.4 crore quintals against ~10.30 crore quintal. So, 
another ~7%- 8% would take us to, just to put it our current capacity as a 
combination of sugar crushing capacity, juice B-heavy, we can handle up to ~12.5 
crore quintals of cane with our current capacity. And we hope to get that next year.  
Achal Lohade: 
And sir this assumes that we end the season by what May or that assuming to 
June?  
Vivek Saraogi: 
No, April end, early May. So, we will be able to begin early that is the best variety is 
15023, we have a very good combination now, which can help us begin early next 
year. So, if you are able to crush that variety, when you begin the season, your 
recovery is not hampered. So, it allows you to start early, the same asset is used for 
15 days more and that is a 10% jump on the production. So, no enhancement of 
season is required largely. You crush during the peak period by beginning early. So, 
farmer does not face disincentive and recovery is not hampered.  
Achal Lohade: 
Perfect. Sir, the second question I had with respect to the diversion, the 1.7 million 
tonne cap the Government exports. You said that the Government, the industry is 
representing to increase this. Now given where we are currently standing on 9th of 
February. How much scope like, if the Government decides let's say tomorrow, in a 
positive way how much more can be diverted according to your estimate? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, you want a very, very frank answer?  
Achal Lohade: 
Yes sir.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
I do not think the Government is allowing it. So, let's understand and let me be very 
frank as to what will happen and why and why I said what I said in the earlier call. 
Over 10 years, our Hon’ble Prime Minister has personally been monitoring the 
ethanol program, even in recent biofuel conference he has again spoken about 
ethanol. So, this is a blip. A blip is going through a reason in their minds, I am not 
saying right or wrong. This is a pain point inflicted on us based on inflation, scare in 
Government's mind owing to elections. I do not see that coming off in two months. 
Hence, I do not think we are going to be allowed any diversion currently. Having 
said that, why I said what I said in the beginning is that the entire surplus will either 
be allowed to go into B-heavy Ethanol or exported if needed. So, the Government 
began with a rationale in 2015-16. It has helped this and enhanced this program by 
giving correct prices for Ethanol from B-heavy, C-heavy, Juice/Syrup, etc. Even this 
year they compensated by giving a higher C-heavy price of Ethanol. So, that proves 
the program is a prima donna in their mind. The program is here to last, they love 
the program, all the benefits of the program including the environment, farmer are 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
all in place. This is a one-year blip. So, that blip lasts it gives you feedstock build up 
so that you will continue permanently and lot of incentivization as we go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Another question I had is, how is the current realization how do you see it 
given the context of increased sugar inventory building up at the country level. How 
do you see the sugar prices playing out over the next few months or even we are 
getting into offseason? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, I would say one’s enthusiasm for a higher price as was felt before this limit of 
1.7 million tonne sugar diversion. So, that enthusiasm is definitely tampered. Very 
difficult to project, assume election happens and assume whoever comes in, the 
Government comes in and says okay, there cane price is outstanding, there is 
surplus export one million. So, the whole trajectory changes. So, one can’t predict 
the price, having said that, the current levels look close to bottom.  
Achal Lohade: 
What is the current realization? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I would say, let's say for UP ~Rs. 37.5-38 per kg looks like bottom to me. East UP 
basis, Rs. 38 per kg kind of looks like it is holding. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood Sir. One more question I had with respect to, you mentioned in your 
opening remarks future opportunities, would it be possible to get some more sense 
on this where, what we can possibly look at, where are we in terms of that decision 
making? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, as we said earlier, the Board is deliberating, and you will hear when the Board 
decides. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Is it possible to get some more idea in terms of the size, etc. or you will 
not commit as of now? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Size of what? 
Achal Lohade: 
In terms of the CAPEX, in terms of the opportunity, or any could that be very large 
or could that be just. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
If you understand, SEBI, Company law, is it possible for me to comment my friend, 
it's Board driven, can I say anything right now. As per law, I can’t say anything. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Sir is it possible to get some sense given the cane cost we know, the 
broader sense we have in terms of crushing and the recovery. What could be the 
closing inventory valuation, I do not want a precise, precise last paisa per kg but a 
ballpark, could it be similar to last year or could be higher given the cane cost is 
higher, given the realizations are higher? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Though the cane cost has gone up, we are going to get the benefit of better 
recoveries and higher volumes. So, I think it should be valued around Rs. 34 per kg 
by end of March. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Against last year. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Last year was Rs. 33.70 per kg. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Sir, similarly, if you could help us understand given the increase in the 
working capital requirement, because of higher sugar production. What kind of 
interest cost one should pencil in, could there be a big delta to that actually? 
Pramod Patwari: 
For the nine months it is around Rs. 59 -60 crore so looks like ~Rs. 85 crore for the 
full year. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Against, he is asking for increase. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Against ~Rs. 48 crore last year. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Almost double, you mean from Rs. 48 crore? 
Pramod Patwari: 
Going to ~Rs. 85 crore. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Okay, ~Rs. 50 crore going to ~Rs. 80-85 crore. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. Just one more last question. I am going again back to the macro question sir. 
If the monsoon was to be normal this year, I presume what you said would be 
possible but if the monsoon gets impacted because of the El Nino factor, is there a 
substantial downside risk to the numbers what you gave for sugar season 2025? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, Achal, if you remember I have already taken a 3 million tonne downtick next 
year. If you recall, I had set the gross production this year ~33.5 million tonne. I am 
saying ~30.5 million tonne for next year. UP is not going down a penny, UP might 
only go up. So, I am penciling in a ~3 million tonne drop only in Karnataka, 
Maharashtra, which is probably the highest drop. Things would only improve from 
here. So, this is the thinking that there is going to be no great monsoon. I am 
factoring in probably the worst-case scenario.  
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. And just one last clarification, sir. In terms of you mentioned that we have 
only one multi-feed distillery in Maizapur. Obviously given the volatility in the sugar 
production and the cycle, etc. How difficult is to convert the existing distilleries into 
multi-feed and B, what time and cost does it require to convert the distillery into 
multi-feed?  
Vivek Saraogi:  
So, one distillery would require about Rs. 50 odd crore to convert, but we are not in 
favor of doing that.  
Achal Lohade: 
How much time does it take to add the balancing equipments? 
Vivek Saraogi:  
Six to nine months, I do not think more than that. Yes, minimum because the milling 
system requires time. But we see the program going full pelt ahead, full pelt. So, if I 
may just remind everybody and take you back to COVID days. There were 100 
queries, and the scare that crude going to zero if I recall correctly. And people were 
thinking that the ethanol program where our price was fixed at whatever Pramod I 
do not recall that. With crude going to zero, what would be Government's reaction 
would it pick up the ethanol, would price get reduced. So, all we said was, the 
contract is signed on the beginning of the year for the full year, there is going to be 
zero sort of truncation either in the price or in the quantity. There was scare floating 
again, if you recall there was everything got picked up at the then price with 100% 
volume pick up. So, I get back from that memory and take you down to today, the 
program is etched in stone, to the best of my ability is all I can say. The program is 
absolutely on the top of the minds of our Hon’ble Prime Minister, this one can say 
from his dialogue which one sees, and you see he lives up to his word. So, I do not 
see any, any debate in that area. In my mind, cane has to be available. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital.  
Sanjay Manyal: 
Just have few questions. One is on the domestic quota which we have received in 
January and February. I believe it is still in the lower side, given the fact that 
Maharashtra, Karnataka will be lower in production is it expected that it would be 
higher from March to November or when you think this UP millers should get a 
higher quota? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
From March onwards you get a much better quota, your point is correct. For East 
UP what happens, East UP starts a little late, typically than Maharashtra, Karnataka 
even West UP. So, your assumption is absolutely correct that's all I can say. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. And just sir one more thing, a lot of millers in UP and probably in Maharashtra 
also would like to sort of diversify into the maize ethanol is what I understand, you 
think that economics are proper right now or is there any decent availability of maize 
in the surrounding area or any work which has been happening with the farmer in 
the surrounding areas? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, right now it's not very, very lucrative. So, obviously if you have maize distillery, 
one should look at working with their farmers in around their area to get 
procurement both in terms of a correct price and the correct time, correct starch, etc. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Fine. And you mentioned that you are still expecting further crushing numbers in the 
next season. And so, any CAPEX which probably can come I know this is not a 
probably a right time for a lot of millers will not be thinking about the ethanol 
CAPEX, but given the fact that it is a downtime, you would sort of venture into, you 
would like to venture into the ethanol in next one year or two years? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, as we said, we already have scope to crush 10% more. So, let us get that cane, 
our ethanol capacity already can use more cane than we are crushing. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Phillip Capital.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: Most questions are answered. But just to get a bit clarity on a grain side Maizapur, 
we have 320 KLPD declared and are we producing any ethanol from grain currently 
or any outlook from grain output from the distillery this year? 
Pramod Patwari: 
For us? 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Yes sir. 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, maybe around four crore liter of grain-based ethanol we will be doing this year. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: Okay. And is it from the broken rice or maize? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Combination. 
Pramod Patwari: 
It will be a combination. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So, sir most of my questions are answered but I had a couple of questions on the 
power side number one, you have mentioned about three units now selling at much 
in power, are any other units also there when the PPA is concluding or more 
merchant power can be available, that was my first question. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Only two units are out. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Today two units are selling. But there is a sequence we will get back. So, let me tell 
you, currently as per our policy you can only sell, move out of a PPA once the PPA 
term expires. So, it's been good exercise, we did it for the first time. Probably, we 
were the first in UP to do it. This merchant power its proving to be a cash positive 
exercise. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. And my second question was sir, in this kind of a flip flop situation with the 
Government as a business manager, how do you decide what to do with the cane, 
do you make it into sugar and put in the inventory, or you store molasses in the 
hope that April policy will be reversed. How do you really go about this thing 
because you have to crush the cane, a lot of cane is coming with increased 
recoveries, etc. So, either you have to make sugar out of it or store it as molasses 
what is the kind of decision you take in these turbulent times? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
There is no such suspense as you put it, Government has allowed you certain 
diversion so that much you can make B-heavy or juice, the rest you crush, make 
sugar as per C-heavy.  
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So, you will make sugar. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
We have to make, that is no management decision, there is no option. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
But if in the sugar here the policy again changes somewhere in the middle then 
what do you do? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I did not understand. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I am saying, during this course the sugar here maybe in April or so, if the policy 
again changes, then what do you do?  
Vivek Saraogi: 
If your factory shuts down, what can you do. So, that's too late, once your factory 
shuts you have no option. So, I am just telling you there is no management 
decision, nothing, it is as per Government directed. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Research.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
All my questions were regarding the ethanol supply that we have done, and we are 
proposing that we will do, based on Slide 22 of your presentation. So, if I am 
reading that correctly, we had a plan of supplying 19 crore liters roughly under the 
first tender, so we are forgoing 10 crore liters, is that correct? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, for this year we have given the data in the presentation, for 19 crore liter 
contract is already in hand and we are going to bid for further quantity in the time to 
come in the next cycle.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
Correct. But this 19 crore liter includes the syrup and B-heavy that is no more 
allowed right? 
Pramod Patwari: 
19 crore liter includes juice-based ethanol, B-heavy as well as grain-based ethanol. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
So, hence we got the figures which you have provided, and then we come down 
from 19 crore liter to roughly 9 crore liter, so would that be the correct figure? 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
19 crore liter to 9 crore liter I am not getting. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Even I am not understanding. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
So, you have said you have already supplied 4.29 crore liters out of the 19 crore 
liters that you have got the initial tender for. Now, out of that, you only have the C-
route and damage food grains that you can further supply, am I correct or am I 
getting something wrong?  
Pramod Patwari: 
You are correct.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
So, if I add the balance 1.4 crore liter of C-heavy and 3.23 crore liter of damaged 
food grain so, that will come too close to nine crore liters hence I arrived at the 
figure of 9 crore liters. 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, out of 11.5 crore liter of B-heavy we supplied only 2.5 crore liter. Out of 3 crore 
liter of juice we supplied only 1.85 crore liter. C-heavy we have not supplied 
anything, grain based we have not supplied. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, that we will keep bidding and giving when these two finishes. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. Sir, the next thing I just want to understand the second tender, which 
was out, that is only till the second quarter of the current ethanol season correct?  
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. So, the 3rd Quarter, this ethanol season the tender will be out soon probably. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Right.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, just to fill you up or sort of handle any ambiguity at anyone's end. The 
Government is open and keen and anxious to buy as much C-heavy or grain 
Ethanol which you give them.  
Nitin Awasthi: 
Noted, sir. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, so tenders for these were open and today also without a tender if you want to 
go and give them C-heavy Ethanol. So, suppose you had 100 liters of B-heavy and 
juice Ethanol which you had bid for earlier and your government is restricted to 50 
liters, they are saying that balance 50 liters you can convert to C-heavy today you 
will not need a tender for it also. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Got it. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, just to let you know how keen and anxious they are to get ethanol without 
sacrificing sugar. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Arkopratim Pal from Sanjay Agarwal Broking.  
Arkopratim Pal: 
My question is, given that evolving ethanol base economic program how do you 
foresee it impacting the distillery division sales and profitability in the upcoming 
year? 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
We have given all the numbers in the call earlier, what kind of volume we are 
looking at for FY24 and we have also given our detailed rationale what kind of 
assumption we can take for next year. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Okay. My second question is based on market analysis, the Company is aiming to 
triple the distillery division revenue share. According to your last year the revenue 
share in distillery division is around 11% to increase in 35%. So, do you anticipate 
the existing program to have any significant impact on the upcoming distillery 
capacity increase? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, that was last year when there was no restriction by the Government of India on 
the limited diversion of ethanol. So, at that point in time, we expected that our 
overall revenue from distillery would be around 1/3 of our total revenue. So, we 
have never given any guidance that we would be increasing our distillery capacity 
further by 1/3rd. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Okay. So, this new EBP program policy would be impacting on this particular fiscal? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Is it not obvious. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Okay. So, how do you expect the demand scenario of the current and upcoming 
year for the distillery division?  
Pramod Patwari: 
Demand is unlimited as far as ethanol is concerned. It is only a temporary 
rationalization which the Government has done this year. I hope you understand 
that. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Dhvaneet Savla from Savla Family Office.  
Dhvaneet Savla: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. I had two questions, firstly can you give 
us a breakup out of the current nine-month ethanol production which has been 
done, how much has been done through the various routes. And second is more of 
a strategic question, seeing that the Government is still very keen on achieving a 
20% ethanol blending target probably in the next few years. Is there any kind of 
internal projection of how much a upside Q2 are revenues and profitability kind of a 
study which is being done at Balrampur in light of that? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, for the first question you may please refer page number 20 and 21 of our 
presentation.  
Dhvaneet Savla: 
Okay.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
And we have said, what we have to say on our thinking of how the Government can 
think of as far as ethanol is concerned in the coming year. 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
I understand that I just wanted to know that is there any kind of projection which you 
are working with or is there no current projection which you are working with? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, our ability to produce is around 33 crore liters to 35 crore liters annually which 
includes ENA. And if there is no restriction, we will be in a position to achieve that.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Krutika Vispute from Tata PMS.  

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Krutika Vispute: 
Just putting together what you have mentioned just a few minutes back saying that 
there have been restrictions on B-heavy and juice route. But one can any way sells 
higher than the tendered amount in terms of C-heavy ethanol, right? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Right. 
Krutika Vispute: 
So, going by that now also seeing that is right of us expecting a higher crush this 
year and better recoveries as well. So, why would we instead of going for more 
sugar go for higher of seed because even if you look at the profitability after the 
increase that we got recently on the C-heavy side, would it still not make sense to 
go higher than the 19-crore liter or 25 crore liter that you are expecting, year up to 
say 34 crore something that you can do from the existing capacity. Why are we not 
choosing to do that instead from C-heavy? 
Avantika Saraogi: 
I will attempt to just clarify the concept. So, in sugarcane once you are making sugar 
at the max that you can, that is the only time you are left with C-heavy. So, we do 
not have the option of increasing the C-heavy out of the blue.  
Vivek Saraogi: 
It’s either B-heavy, C-heavy or juice. B-heavy, and juice you have been restricted by 
the Government, the balance is C-heavy. So, there is no interplay available if that's 
what you are asking. 
Krutika Vispute: 
Maybe a different way, if I can ask how much of the maximum of C-heavy that we 
can get from our capacity if we divert everything in C-heavy. What is the maximum 
volume ethanol that you can make? 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, we are producing maximum of C-heavy what we can do under the 
circumstances. 
Krutika Vispute: 
Okay. And for the full year on the 30-crore close to 12 crore quintal of cane, how 
much can we go on C-heavy in absolute terms for the whole season? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
We cannot want to, and we do not want to do any more C-heavy. Than we are 
allowed. It's already a burden to keep that sugar.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you very much for joining us. And I hope we have been able to give you both 
the macro and the micro picture, for any further queries Pramod is available, we are 
all available. Thank you. 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you everyone. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. 
 
