       
                     
 
 
LTIMindtree Limited 
(Formerly Larsen & Toubro Infotech Limited) 
 
Corporate Office: L&T Technology Centre, Tower 1, Gate No. 5, Saki Vihar Road, Powai, Mumbai - 400072, India  
T: + 22 6776 6776 F: + 22 4313 0997 
 
Registered Office: L&T House, Ballard Estate, Mumbai – 400 001, INDIA  
www.ltimindtree.com | Email: Info@ltimindree.com | CIN: L72900MH1996PLC104693 
LTIMindtree Limited is a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro Limited 
 
 
LTIM/SE/STAT/2023-24/152  
 
 
 
 
 
January 19, 2024 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTIM 
The BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on January 17, 2024 
 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on January 17, 2024.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTIMindtree Limited 
 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
Angna 
Arora
Digitally signed 
by Angna Arora 
Date: 2024.01.19 
10:02:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“LTIMindtree Limited's Q3 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 
January 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer & Managing 
Director 
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Markets 
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Vinit Teredesai – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Vinay Kalingara – Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTIMindtree Limited Q3 
FY’24 Earnings Conference Call. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Kalingara, Head 
Investor Relations, LTIMindtree. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vinay Kalingara: 
Thank you Nirav. Good day, everyone, and welcome to the LTIMindtree 
Quarter 3 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call.  
Today on the call, we have with us: 
Mr. Debashis Chatterjee – Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director;  
Mr. Sudhir Chaturvedi – President, Markets;  
Mr. Nachiket Deshpande – Chief Operating Officer and  
Mr. Vinit Teredesai – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin with a brief overview of the company's quarter 3 performance, 
after which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These statements 
consider the environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties 
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in 
today’s call. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements 
made on this call. 
I will now turn the call over to DC for his opening remarks.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Vinay. Good evening, and good morning to everyone on the call. 
Thank you for joining us today. I wish you all a very Happy New Year. 
As we mark the one-year anniversary of LTIMindtree, I am proud to share that 
LTIMindtree has been named a Global Future 50 company by Fortune 
Magazine in its latest edition. What makes this achievement even more special 
is that LTIMindtree is the only IT services company to feature in the Future 50 
list of global companies. I would like to acknowledge the dedication and hard 
work of all our associates that led to this recognition.  

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 23 
In terms of our performance, we observed a higher level of seasonality during 
the quarter, along with an unchanged macro and demand environment. While 
we had expected the furloughs to be above average, they ended up being 
higher, both in terms of their degree and extent of impact. Despite these 
challenges, we delivered a resilient performance this quarter and achieved our 
highest-ever order bookings.  
Our revenues came in at USD 1.08 billion, which marks a year-over-year 
growth of 3.5% in USD terms and 3.1% in constant currency. Our sequential 
revenue growth in USD terms was 0.8%, and in constant currency was 0.7%. 
The sequential trajectory reflected the broad-based impact of furloughs across 
all verticals. Our Manufacturing vertical saw a strong 20.1% year-over-year 
growth.  
Our EBIT margin for the quarter came in at 15.4%, while the net profit margin 
was 13%.  
We recorded a strong order inflow of USD 1.5 billion, registering a growth of 
21% year-on-year despite the unchanged cautionary environment. With this, 
our 9-month FY '24 order inflow stands at USD 4.2 billion, a 19% growth year-
over-year. Our strong order inflow reflects the increasing relevance and 
strength of our edge-to-experience capabilities across all markets. 
During the quarter, we added 23 new clients and increased our count of USD 
10 million-plus clients by 8, year-over-year. Our USD 20 million-plus clients 
have increased by 3, and our USD 50 million-plus clients have increased by 1. 
Furthermore, our USD 1 million-plus client band now has 388 clients, an 
increase of 14 clients on a year-over-year basis. 
Let me now turn to our industry verticals.  
Our Banking, Financial Services & Insurance vertical declined 1.4% year-
over-year due to higher furloughs. This vertical continues to show a cautionary 
approach towards new spend.  

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Our Hi-Tech, Media & Entertainment business grew 0.3% year-over-year 
despite the impact of greater-than-anticipated furloughs. This vertical remains 
resilient for us. 
The Manufacturing & Resources business showed a strong growth of 20.1% 
year-over-year due to the seasonal higher pass-through. 
In the Energy & Utilities vertical, we have capitalized on opportunities arising 
from consolidation and secured a significant deal for transformation and 
supplier consolidation during this quarter. 
Our Retail, CPG and Travel, Transportation and Hospitality business grew 
0.6% year-over-year. In the Retail and CPG vertical, businesses are focused on 
optimizing their costs by consolidating suppliers and leveraging automation 
technologies. Within the Travel, Transport and Hospitality vertical, we are 
seeing demand for our services related to data. 
Our Health, Life Sciences and Public Services business grew by 6% year-over-
year. LTIMindtree was recognized as a major contender in Everest Group's 
Healthcare Digital Payer Services PEAK Assessment 2023. 
In terms of geographies, North America contributed 72.7%, Europe 
contributed 14.5%, and Rest of the World contributed 12.8% of our revenue 
during the quarter. Our North America market saw a year-over-year growth of 
4.1%.  
The demand environment remains cautionary. What remains unchanged is the 
prioritization of spend focused on cost efficiency and transformation projects 
with a clear return on investment. We have observed clients using supplier 
consolidation as a lever to achieve their objectives, and are reaping the benefits 
of this approach as some of this consolidation is being directed toward our 
company. 
I would like to call out a few important deals that we signed this quarter: 
A US-based premier oil and gas producer selected LTIMindtree as their 
strategic partner for end-to-end technology services. As part of the partnership, 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 23 
LTIMindtree will provide services across several value-based portfolios 
covering Digital Solutions, Platforms, and Operations.  
A global leader in the design, engineering, and delivery of customized facilities 
for high-tech industries has selected LTIMindtree as their preferred strategic 
partner for their digital transformation journey over the next 5 years. 
LTIMindtree will drive transformation across the technology landscape 
through multiple services, including Cloud Migration, End User Services, 
Security and Application Development and Support. 
A diversified multinational mass media corporation has chosen LTIMindtree 
as their preferred ServiceNow transformation partner. This engagement will 
help unlock the value of their ServiceNow investments, improve ROI and drive 
cost efficiency. 
A leading US-based energy producer has expanded its infrastructure managed 
services scope with LTIMindtree.  
A global financial services technology company has chosen LTIMindtree for 
its Product Development initiatives.  
A utilities company in the Middle East continues to strengthen its relationship 
with LTIMindtree by signing another 3-year agreement where LTIMindtree 
will support its transformation journey by identifying areas of expansion and 
optimizing the technology landscape. 
We are now participating across broader areas of customer spend. For example, 
we are working with McAfee, a worldwide leader in online protection, as a 
preferred and strategic partner for their transformation initiatives across 
Products, IT and Commerce divisions. As part of this partnership, LTIMindtree 
will be providing engineering services and operations support at a global scale, 
helping McAfee drive cost efficiencies, agility in innovation and product 
delivery.  
We recently announced the amalgamation of LTIMindtree subsidiaries, 
Syncordis and N+P, to form a specialized banking transformation practice. 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 23 
This practice will focus on delivering end-to-end Consulting, Digital and IT 
services to Banks and Capital Market firms. 
With digital transformation emerging as the cornerstone of competitive 
advantage and sustainable growth in today's business landscape, our partners 
and customers continue to actively explore and invest in AI-led opportunities. 
To fully capitalize on this opportunity, we have set up a new service line called 
‘Enterprise AI’. This service line will enable us to create cohesive and 
comprehensive Al-first strategies by bringing Generative AI interventions into 
all our service lines and across four customer priority areas: Foundation, Core, 
Innovation and Experience. We have also trained over 10,000 employees on 
GenAI to stay ahead in this ever-evolving AI landscape. 
I will now turn the call over to Vinit for Q3 financial highlights.  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Thank you, DC. Hello, everyone, and I wish you all a Happy New Year. I will 
now take you through the financial highlights for Q3 FY '24, starting with the 
headline numbers.  
Our revenues stood at USD 1.08 billion, up 0.8% sequentially and up 3.5% on 
a year-on-year basis. The corresponding constant currency growth was 0.7% 
quarter-on-quarter and 3.1% year-on-year.  
Our EBIT margin came in at 15.4% compared to 16% in the previous quarter. 
The key moving parts for the margin decline are 200 basis points owing to 
higher furloughs, lower working days and seasonal pass-through revenue. This 
was offset by 80 basis points improvement from SG&A and 60 basis points 
from operating efficiencies.  
Despite significant cash outflow due to dividend payments and mid-year 
incentives, our cash and investment balances crossed the ₹10,000 crores mark, 
and we had a strong treasury income of ₹151 crores.  
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 24.3%, compared to 23.5% in Q2 FY 
'24.  
PAT margin for the quarter was stable at 13%.  

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Basic EPS was ₹39.5 for the quarter as compared to ₹39.3 in Q2 FY '24. 
We continue to make significant improvements to the fundamentals of our 
invoicing and collections. For quarter 3, the total receivable days, including the 
unbilled DSO was 85 days compared to 94 days last quarter. You may recollect 
that we significantly improved our unbilled DSO last quarter as well. In Q3, 
we further reduced our unbilled DSO by 3 days. The unbilled DSO in Q3 is 23 
days versus 26 days in Q2. With our focus on collections, the billed DSO 
reduced to 62 days versus 68 days in Q2. Going forward, we aspire to continue 
this momentum and bring the total DSO closer to 75 days.  
We had a significant improvement in our cash conversion metrics in Q3. The 
Operating Cash Flow-to-PAT was 155.7% this quarter on account of strong 
collections, as against 92.1% in the previous quarter and 65.8% in the same 
quarter a year ago. Furthermore, Free Cash Flow-to-PAT has shown a strong 
improvement to 143.7% compared to 75.1% last quarter and 35.6% in the same 
quarter a year ago. I am proud to note that our OCF and FCF conversion figures 
are the highest ever and have crossed 100% for the first time. We hope to 
continue this momentum. 
We closed the quarter with significantly higher cash and investment balances 
that stood at USD 1.216 billion or ₹10,115 crores compared to ₹8,947 crores 
in Q2 FY24. Return on equity for the quarter was steady at 26.6%. As of Dec 
31st, 2023, our cash flow hedges stood at USD 3,687 million, and hedges on 
the balance sheet was USD 295 million.  
Our utilization excluding trainees further improved to 87.4% compared to 
86.6% in the previous quarter because of a pickup in billability.  
Our attrition continues to be stable. For the quarter, our LTM attrition was 
14.2%, down from 15.2% last quarter. We added more than 500 freshers this 
quarter. With the supply side easing up, we continue to plan hiring on a 
relatively real-time basis.  
Creating meaningful change forms the foundation of our CSR strategy, and we 
continue to positively impact our society through our CSR initiatives. For 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 23 
example, LTIMindtree has installed a solar-powered cold storage unit in 
Karnataka with a substantial capacity of 5 metric tons. We are committed to 
installing 12 solar-powered cold storage units, each with a 10 metric tons 
capacity, in various rural locations across India.  
Our Mahape campus in Mumbai has received LEED Platinum Certification 
from USGBC, making it part of a select group of sustainable and innovative 
LEED-certified buildings.  
We are pleased to announce that LTIMindtree won the prestigious Golden 
Peacock Award in 2023 for its exceptional sustainability efforts.  
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has conferred 
LTIMindtree a special recognition for gender equality and presented a Silver 
Shield towards ‘Business Responsibility & Sustainability Reporting 
Leadership’ for FY23.  
These awards affirm our stakeholder engagement and commitment to 
environmental and social impact. 
I now hand it back to DC for the business outlook.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Thank you, Vinit.  
Against the backdrop of a continued challenging macroeconomic environment 
and delays in client decision-making, we expect Q4 performance to remain 
similar to the current quarter. In this environment of restrained client spending, 
we continue to expand our value proposition to become a partner of choice for 
our clients.  
Despite experiencing higher-than-anticipated seasonality in Q3, our strong 
order inflow and healthy deal pipeline set the stage for our medium-term 
growth.  
While our margin optimization program continues, we remain committed to 
investing appropriately to capture growth opportunities, because of which our 
aspiration of a 17% to 18% exit margin will get pushed by a few quarters. 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 23 
With that, let me open the floor for questions.  
Moderator: 
First question is from line of Sulabh from Morgan Stanley  
Sulabh Govila: 
My first question is on the near term, as you mentioned about 4Q growth rates 
being similar to 3Q. So just trying to understand what is primarily leading to a 
continuing softness in 4Q given that one would have imagined that these larger 
furloughs and deeper furloughs would have reversed in 4Q and given you a 
reasonably strong 4Q? I just wanted to understand what are the moving parts 
there? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes. So essentially, as far as the fourth quarter is concerned, at this point of 
time, our thinking is that some of the furloughs will come back, but not all the 
furloughs will come back. They will be coming back gradually. So essentially, 
the recovery will be gradual. And we will continue to have a bit of a pass-
through in the next quarter as well. But it's pretty much the furloughs. Overall, 
as I said, the environment is fairly cautionary, and we have to still wait and see 
how the macro plays out because at this point of time, there is a delay in 
decision-making which was there earlier also and that continues to go on as we 
speak. And even as we work with our clients in terms of their budgets, a lot of 
clients have still not frozen their budgets, still their plans are also in a flux, 
which kind of makes our planning also very difficult. So those are some of the 
things that's making us feel that Q4 will be very similar to Q3. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. And my second question is with respect to the sales activity on 
the ground. It's been a year since the time we started operating as a combined 
entity. So just wanted to get some context as to now are we able to target larger 
size deals related to the past? And how many such deals do we have in the 
pipeline? And how have been our win rates on such deals versus company 
average? Just wanted to understand how the merger has panned out from a 
revenue synergy perspective?  
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes, I will request Sudhir to answer. But before that the short answer is that 
you will appreciate the fact that when the merger was announced, we were very 
keen to integrate our capabilities in a very short time frame. So, we actually 
got the merger completed in a very short time frame to capture the market 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 23 
opportunities. Unfortunately, we never expected the macros to play so heavily 
in terms of not being conducive to the situation that we are expecting. But in 
terms of overall cross-selling and up-selling opportunities, we are getting a seat 
on the table because of our size and scale, I think all those things have worked 
out fairly well. So let me request Sudhir to add more color. 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Sure. Thanks, DC. Yes, as DC mentioned, what we've seen is a very significant 
uptick in our large deal overall pipeline. So, our overall pipeline currently is 
around $4.6 billion, and it's about 30% up from the same time last year. So that 
merger thesis has certainly played out well. And the other metric that I'll share 
with you is that the number of advice deals is very significant. We are 
participating in almost 30-plus advice deals right now, which means that deal 
advisers are seeing us clearly as the best possible alternative to some of the 
larger players in the sector. So that part is certainly playing out, and it's also 
playing out in our order book, as you've seen. This quarter also, we've recorded 
$1.5 billion order book, which is on the back of the deal wins, some of which 
were also mentioned in DC's opening remarks. And then I'll just say that we 
are seeing strong growth in our ERP service line. It has been a traditional 
strength of LTIMindtree, and we are continuing to see strong momentum there 
as people look for core modernization related work and that is the other part of 
the large deal portfolio also that we are seeing. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. 
Ravi Menon: 
DC, you mentioned that next quarter, we might have a little bit of a pass-
through. So, would much of this go away then? And should we think about this 
as a headwind for revenue in Q4? 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, I think what I said is we had higher than usual pass-through. But if you 
look at the last financial year, there was a pass-through, which is seasonal with 
respect to Q4. I think it will be in line with whatever we saw in Q4 of last 
financial year. 
Ravi Menon: 
And this quarter, it looks like there is a significant element of pass-through 
because we're looking at your segment margin for Manufacturing & Resources, 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 23 
the segment profit seems to be actively flat Q-on-Q, while revenue is up. So, 
should we think about this going away next quarter?? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
The pass-through revenue was always there in the second half. This year, we 
had a slightly higher number in Q3. Q4, you will see a little bit, again, on a 
similar ground, a little bit of a higher pass-through than what you have seen 
traditionally. But yes, we are right now not looking and talking about Q1 FY25. 
At that time, we will have some other levers to offset this headwind that will 
be coming. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: With reference to the headwinds that we're facing, if you could give us some 
context on which verticals are really seeing this extended pain because some 
of our peers have actually called out maybe bottoming out on BFSI and so on 
so forth. So just wanted your thoughts on those verticals and how things have 
evolved. And what's really causing the pain going to next quarter? 
Debashis Chatterjee: First of all, rather than calling out vertical, it's always a reflection of the clients 
that we manage in our portfolio. And of course, as we called out, we did see a 
decline in BFSI. And I would say though the Insurance part of the portfolio has 
been resilient, we did have some challenges in BFS, and again the higher 
furloughs. We expect that some of the furloughs will be gradually coming back 
as we get into the next quarter. But overall, if you ask me where do we see 
growth? The growth will be fairly broad-based across industries and geos, 
because I don't think there is anything for us to call out saying that only one 
vertical will grow because we are anyway focused on very limited set of 
industry verticals, limited geographies, and we feel that the growth, when it 
comes back, it will be broad-based. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure. So, what I was a little unclear about is that some of the furloughs will 
sort of recover. And we've had pretty strong deal wins over the last 4 quarters 
consistently. So when that happens and our pass-through will also continue. 
What is the big drag is what I'm unable to understand. Is it very broad-based 
drag? Or is it specific to any specific area?  

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Vinit Teredesai: 
What we are talking about is that the furloughs will return back, but not 
necessarily all the furloughs will return back from Jan 1. They will come back 
gradually. So that's the one part of it. Secondly, the pass-through revenue is a 
seasonal component, but this is also part and parcel of some of the ramp-ups 
that are happening as a part of the deals that we have signed in the past. 
Eventually, this pass-through revenue will go away in Q1. But at that point of 
time, our other services revenue, etc, will return back to offset that. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. And just last question for you, Vinit. On margin, how are you thinking 
about it at this point in time versus the earlier target? Is there a new thought 
process or a thing in mind? And is this delayed primarily because of the 
weakness that you're seeing that's sort of hurting? So would it mean that maybe 
Q1 you have salary increases. Just wanted your thoughts broadly on margin.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Let me just explain to you our thought process on margin. See, when we got 
these 2 companies together, we pretty much focused on our margin expansion 
plan. And when you create a margin plan, it is also linked to the overall top 
line that you expect, the revenues that you expect to kick in. Margin plan 
doesn't work in isolation without having a top line and also certain levers that 
we apply to get to a margin target. If you look at it, our utilization has also gone 
up fairly significantly and I don't think it is healthy for us to take the utilization 
any further. The fact that the order book is so strong, and we have also been 
part of some vendor consolidation. So, keeping all these things in mind, we 
feel that at some point of time when the recovery does take place, we need to 
keep on reinvesting back into the business. And if we do that, we have to kind 
of chase the margin target maybe a few quarters down the line. So essentially, 
at this point of time, what I can say is our margin program that we have put in 
place, I don't think that's going to change. That remains intact, but only the 
targets that we had set, we will probably defer that a little bit, maybe a few 
quarters. But in that process, during those quarters, we want to reinvest back 
into the business, keeping in mind that the order inflow is very strong, and we 
need to do some investments in terms of either SG&A or bench, etc. We want 
to focus on that and want to be ready for anything that happens in terms of 
growth, we should be able to stay ahead of the curve. If you listen to the 
commentary that we have made, we have set a target that we will be training 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 23 
across section of our associates in terms of GenAI. And we have set a target of 
10,000. And I think we have met that target. So, our investments will continue. 
We want to double down on some of the investments even further. And that's 
why we feel that it is appropriate for us to defer the margin program by a few 
quarters, but that doesn't mean that we are going away from the overall margin 
program that we have already embarked on. Does that make sense?  
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes, absolutely. That's very helpful context.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Manik Taneja: 
My question was with regards to the outlook that you've provided in the month 
of October, then you were very confident about a strong second half led by the 
deal ramp-ups helping our performance. What changed between then and now? 
Have you had some negative surprises with some of these deal ramp ups? 
That's question number one. The second question was more from a longer-term 
standpoint when the 2 companies came together. The merger rationale was that 
you would be able to expedite growth and grow faster than each of the 
individual companies. But when we look at our growth performance now 
compared to some of our Tier 2 peers, we have seen a much sharper 
moderation. So what's driving that, if you could delve into that as well? 
Debashis Chatterjee: First of all, if you compare our growth, you should compare it with some of 
the larger peers because we are a much larger company. I'm probably 
answering your second question first. But in terms of the deal ramp-ups that 
we have, the deals that we have closed, the ramp-ups are happening well on 
track, maybe a little slower than we expected, but still the new deals, the ramp-
up is happening. I don't think there is any issue with that. But where we have a 
challenge is some of the portfolio that we had, which was more of 
discretionary, those portfolios, as they have ramped down, they did not really 
ramp up at the same pace. For example, we expected furloughs in Q3, but we 
did not expect that the furloughs will be deeper as well as wider. In fact, there 
are industries where we did not have furloughs before, like oil and gas, for 
example, we never used to have furloughs, but even they also went through 
furloughs. So having said that, some of the decision-making is still pending. 
Some of the deals which are in the final stage, the decisions are still pending, 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 23 
so we expect those decisions any time. So long story short, I think the furloughs 
are much deeper and wider. The new deals which we have closed are ramping 
up fairly well. But some of the discretionary spend that we did have in some 
of the accounts, that is not really coming back because that's where we kind of 
had a challenge. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. 
Mohit Jain: 
One is a follow-up to the previous one on furloughs. We do not have much 
decline, so to say, in BFSI, which used to be into furloughs higher than other 
verticals. And second on the North American side as well. So is this more 
specific to like Europe where you have declined more and Retail? Or do you 
think it has more to do with BFSI and US?  
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes. BFSI did have furloughs. But it is offset by the pass-through that we had. 
In fact, we had some additional pass-through in that vertical, which is 
offsetting. So, the impact of furloughs, is turning out to be smaller because of 
that reason. 
Mohit Jain: 
We used to have pass-through in Manufacturing, right? Or this time, is it in 
BFSI? 
Debashis Chatterjee: It's both. 
Mohit Jain: 
What has been services decline for BFSI on a like-for-like basis because we 
are looking at YoY and QoQ numbers. Doesn’t look like there's a big decline? 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, we don't call that out. But at an overall level, I think we know that BFSI 
has been under a bit of stress, and Insurance portion of the portfolio have been 
quite resilient. And again, it's a portfolio of clients that we manage in a 
particular vertical, and that's how we look at it. But over a period of time, I'm 
sure it will all recover. 
Mohit Jain: 
And your commentary on BFSI is not changing for the fourth quarter, right? 
You're saying the weakness may persist.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes, that's right. 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 23 
Mohit Jain: 
Okay. And second question is for Sudhir on the TCV growth. We are now 
maintaining 20% for a few quarters, and you spoke about the deal pipeline 
number, $4.6 billion. Should we expect this TCV growth to continue now that 
we have more number of deals for signing?  
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
No, as I mentioned, we have a good pipeline, good deal momentum. In fact, 
we have several deals in their final stages of closure that we are seeing. We are 
seeing some delays in decision-making in deals, but the closures are still 
continuing to happen. So I think based on all of those, we are seeing that the 
order intake that we've been announcing will continue to maintain that 
momentum. So that will continue as planned. 
Mohit Jain: 
Right. Is there any revised margin guidance, like by when do you guys expect 
to get back to the previous guidance of Q4? 
Debashis Chatterjee: No, as I said, our overall margin program is not going to change, but we just 
want to ensure that given where we are, given the overbearing macroeconomic 
situation, as we explained, we don't want to be short-sighted and forget about 
investing. So, I think it is a conscious decision that we have taken to kind of 
get back on track after a few quarters. But in the meantime, reinvest back into 
the business so that we can be ready for capturing any of the opportunities that 
comes when the market opens up because there is a lot of investment that we 
need to do on the business also. 
Mohit Jain: 
On a net basis, should we expect it to be like 15%, 16% in the near term? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, we are not saying that. But in the longer term, the 17% to 18% target that 
we have, that is still something that we'll chase in the longer term after a few 
quarters.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Two questions from my side. DC, if I keep the performance of Q3 and Q4, 
which was marked by the higher furloughs that you're expecting in Q4. If you 
keep that aside, given that our deal flows have been quite strong, 20% Y-on-Y 
for the last couple of quarters itself. Do you expect the execution of these deals 
to pick up at some time in FY '25? A larger peer commented that BFSI has 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 23 
bottomed out for them. Another large peer commented that they're seeing green 
shoots in discretionary spend. We know there has been a delay in decision-
making and these deals converting into revenue. But do you see those picking 
up somewhere in FY '25, leading to some good growth momentum for us in 
that year?  
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, I think if you look at the nature of the deals, bulk of our deals that we 
have closed and even the pipeline that we have, most of the deals are 
efficiency-led, cost takeout kind of deal. And if you look at the nature of these 
deals, they do take a longer cycle time for closure. And on top of that, we also 
have delayed decision-making. And when they close, these deals are typically 
multiyear, but they also involve, in most cases, some kind of a transition. So, 
keeping all these things in mind, we knew, we anticipated that some of these 
deals would ramp up over a period of time. There is no reason for us to believe 
that the ramp-ups won't happen in these deals, whichever we have closed, 
because these are mostly efficiency-led deals. And this is across all the sectors. 
It's not just one particular vertical. It's pretty broad-based. So, the short answer 
to this is, over a period of time, these deals will all ramp up. You want to add 
anything Sudhir? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
Just to add to that, the good thing is these are multiyear deals. So, we will get 
the benefit of this over a longer period of time as they start to ramp up, the 
ramp-ups are happening gradually. And at the same time, the discretionary 
spend has stopped in several industries. Which is why our discretionary book 
is not getting refreshed as before. Hence, the reliance is more on these longer-
term cost takeout deals for growth. But again, not a cause of concern because 
we have a significant pipeline for that, and we'll continue to build on that, as 
you can see with the order inflow, and we know that we can continue with that 
in Q4 as well. We will build that growth momentum over a period of time. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. My second question is for Vinit. So Vinit, a commendable performance 
on the cash flow conversion. But on the margin front, you mentioned that there 
were 200 basis points of impact from furloughs and lesser number of working 
days and the pass-through. Now agreeing that some of the pass-throughs and 
furloughs, as you mentioned, might be there in the next quarter itself. But 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 23 
shouldn't large part of this 200 basis points of impact in this quarter get 
reversed next quarter? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yes. As we said that the portion which is pertaining to the furloughs, some 
portion of that will come back. The traditional assumption, which was there 
that all the furloughs return back on Jan 1, that doesn't happen. That we are 
seeing happen in a gradual fashion. And that's the reason, while the revenue 
from a run rate perspective at the end of March probably may come back to 
that level, but the impact during the quarter is going to be felt on the margins. 
There will be some positive clawbacks that will definitely happen in Q4. But 
we also want to be cautious given the uncertainty, which is prevailing at that 
time, how much of headwinds we may get as a surprise, and how much of that 
we want to invest back into the business. That is something which DC has 
alluded; we want to continue doing it. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Just a follow-up to that. As we have mentioned that the target of 
reaching 17% to 18% by Q4 has been pushed out by a few quarters. We had 
also mentioned reaching full year margin of 17% to 18% in FY '25. Does that 
also gets pushed out by a few quarters or whatever the time frame is? How do 
we see that in the current context? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yes, extending that logic, absolutely, it will. But we will continue to watch the 
situation and if there are any course corrections that needs to be made, we will 
do that course corrections. The fundamental principle in terms of the margin 
improvement program and some of the efficiencies that we need to bring in our 
business, that program continues. Some quarters may see some investments 
happening. Some quarters might be a little bit liberal, and you may see that 
money coming back into the margins. So that is something we'll watch over 
that period of time and as the business situation goes on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Sandeep Shah: 
DC, the question is in terms of one of the negative surprises which you called 
out to miss the predictability on the fourth quarter has been the discretionary 
spend outlook not improving. But that statement was loud and clear for the 
whole industry for the last 2 to 3 quarters. So why we were not able to budget 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 23 
that? And at that in the October month, why we were so optimistic about the 
H2 being better than H1? We can understand Q3 has higher furloughs, but why 
were we optimistic in terms of our discretionary spend outlook improving in 
the fourth quarter?  
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, I think the primary reason for where we are today is basically the wider 
and the deeper furloughs that we have seen. And we normally anticipated 
above-average furloughs, but the furloughs which we have seen are much 
wider. We used to see furloughs restricted to a couple of industries more than 
the others, but this time, the furlough was fairly broad-based. It's much wider. 
And even the depth of the furlough within each of those industries, we have 
seen significantly higher furloughs than what we normally see. I think this was 
not something that we anticipated. Probably that is the single most reason for 
us to be where we are. And some of the discretionary, we knew it will not come 
back, but some of the discretionary spend once you finish a project if it's a 
regulatory or something that project continues. But in some situations, those 
also did not continue. So essentially, it is not that we did not know that 
discretionary will be impacted. But still, there were some portion which we 
were very confident about, that did not come back. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And last question in terms of any large client-specific issue, especially 
in BFSI or High-Tech because your top client in BFSI is on a roll of big cost-
cutting exercise globally. Is it impacting us? And that is also making a slightly 
more bearish on the BFSI outlook? 
Debashis Chatterjee: As of now, I would say no, but we are watching the space very closely. I think 
when you talk about BFSI, as I said, there is an impact on BFS slightly more 
broad-based rather than one client. But yes, I know what you're talking about, 
and we are watching the space very closely. As of now no impact. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek from InCred Capital. 
Abhishek Shindadkr: I just have 1 question. We have seen a sequential decline in almost 3 of our 
large verticals, yet the top 5 and 6 to 10 accounts have seen a sequential strong 
growth. So how should we read this dichotomy? Is there a material change in 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 23 
the large client mix that historically we have been doing? Or any color could 
be really helpful. 
Debashis Chatterjee: I think that's the only color. I think if you look at the top 5 clients, there are 
some clients that do change positions from time to time. I think that's the 
primary reason why you see the change. But that's the only thing I can say. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sumeet Jain from CLSA. 
Sumeet Jain: 
DC, when you mentioned that the growth in Q4 will be similar to Q3 and when 
I look at your manufacturing vertical seasonality in the last 2 to 3 years, it is 
not as strong in Q4 as in Q3. Are you expecting other verticals than 
manufacturing to see some growth in Q4 despite furloughs still being there? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes, absolutely. As I said earlier, the overall growth that we are expecting as 
we go along is going to be fairly broad-based. It's not just going to be based on 
only one specific vertical. 
Sumeet Jain: 
And this revival and growth across verticals will be led by your large deals? 
Or is the discretionary demand reviving back? 
Debashis Chatterjee: It's mostly the large deals that we have already closed and the ramp-ups have 
started.  
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. And my second question is in terms of your margin target of 17% to 
18% over next few quarters may be pushed out. But what will be the key levers 
for you to achieve that target, given when I look at the various levers in terms 
of utilization, offshoring effort or maybe rationalization of tail accounts, almost 
all of them have been utilized to a large extent. So just to know what levers 
will you press upon? 
Vinit Teredesai: 
See, it is multiple levers that we are looking at, and some of these levers will 
be our gross margin improvement mainly. There are multiple accounts what 
we have called out in the past is one of the programs that we are running is the 
red program, the accounts which have lower margins, negative margins, which 
we are trying to work on with the clients to improve that. That is something 
that will do it. Second is pyramid rationalization. As I mentioned in my 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 23 
remarks, we have started adding freshers. This is the second consecutive 
quarter we have added freshers. So, pyramid rationalization is something that 
we are working upon. The third part is in terms of looking at how can we reduce 
down average cost of our resources. That will be the third one. And fourth, at 
the end of the day, when we have these multiyear deals, those also continue to 
give us a little bit of an advantage in terms of managing the pyramid and 
managing the cost within those projects in a much better way. So, all these 
levers are at play. The only challenge what we are seeing at this point of time 
is we thought that we should be able to do a good progress by Q4. That has 
been delayed. And the other reason for the delay is also the fact that we want 
to invest back into the business because now our utilization has reached the 
peak. We had called it out in the past quarter also that this will remain in the 
short run at this level. But it is definitely at the peak, and we have to now look 
at adding some bench for the growth that will be coming in as soon as it comes 
in.  
Debashis Chatterjee: Yes. And on another note, I must tell you that whatever we talk about margin 
program, we only have so many levers. And there are no additional levers. I 
mean, whatever levers you run within a program, maybe everything is not 
applicable to every client situation at the same time. It is a discipline that we 
are running and that will continue. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. Just one last question around your large Banking customer. I think when 
they reported their results last week, it was quite evident that they have been 
in-sourcing quite a lot through entire calendar '23. Have you got any plans, 
what are they thinking of in FY24, given the cost-cutting exercise they are 
doing across the globe? 
Sudhir Chaturvedi: 
I think over the years, we've told you that the work that we do for this client is 
in very core areas. We work on core platforms in the corporate banking space 
mostly and in the RegTech space. So therefore, we have resilience in the work 
that we do for this client, and that continues. Now of course, as DC said, these 
changes have been announced recently, and we're watching the space closely 
to see how things pan out. But as of now, it's been proceeding as per what our 
plan for the year was.  

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 23 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Two questions. Firstly, if you look at the growth rate deceleration that has 
happened this year, it's almost close to around 15 percentage points from the 
20% that we grew last year on a CC basis. And it would be among the highest 
if you'll just look at companies which are considered to be high-growth 
companies. What do you attribute it to specifically for us given that it is higher 
than most of the other high-growing peers? That is one. And secondly, in a 
period where growth is a bit challenging, and we have pushed out our margin 
targets also in the near term. Given that we now have almost like INR 10,000 
crores of cash on the books, and we have not been much acquisitive. Do you 
think it's time to potentially increased payouts, given that if we look at most of 
the large cap companies, they have payouts anywhere between 70% to 100% 
of their free cash flows? 
Debashis Chatterjee: Well, I'll let Vinit answer the second question. But on the first one, if you talk 
about growth and if you talk about what we anticipated as growth, we always 
said that when these 2 companies were brought together, it was not really 
considering any of the market conditions or macro or anything. It was more 
with the basis that both the companies should be coming together when both 
are doing well in their own rights. And that's exactly what we did. And our 
intention was also to integrate as quickly as possible so that we can do the 
cross-selling and up-selling with our clients much more aggressively. I think 
all those things have worked out well. The only thing which probably did not 
go the way we wanted was because of the macro changing, the discretionary 
spend has come down significantly and both the companies, even earlier and 
LTIMindtree as a combined entity, we had a significant portion of revenue 
which was coming from client discretionary spend. That's one thing which has 
come down, but converting or rather getting us geared up for large deals which 
are more of efficiency deals, we kind of switched that very quickly. But having 
said that, the large deals take more time to materialize. The decision-making 
has been delayed. So, all those things also played in terms of whatever you see 
in the growth. Vinit, you want to take the second question?  
Vinit Teredesai: 
Yes. Rishi, on the cash allocation policy, one thing which we want to ensure 
is, first, this momentum we wanted to sustain and we want to build upon a good 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 23 
amount of cash balance. Number two, on a daily basis, we do evaluate multiple 
candidates for M&A opportunities. So that exercise continues. At the right 
time, when there is a right opportunity available, we do want to consider and 
look at making those investments. Third part, the payout policy is a reflection 
of the profit and has to be based on the profitability, not based on the cash 
balance that is sitting with us. At the end of the day, our aim is to generate a 
little bit higher returns and higher cash flow returns, then we can think about 
improving our cash payout. But at this point of time, there will not be any 
change in the short run. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from BNP Paribas. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
I have just one question. See your commentary related to growth and that of 
margin, there seems to be dichotomy between those two. While you are 
uncertain about the growth outlook, accordingly, your guidance for the second 
half coming down materially. Whereas when you're talking about the margin, 
you are preparing yourself for growth. This high utilization ideally should not 
have surprised you because you were already preparing for a much stronger 
growth in second half. So, I'm trying to understand that, where is this 
dichotomy coming from? 
Nachiket Deshpande: Yes. So typically, if you look at the resources in most of our business and 
especially with the large deals that we're talking about, which has transitions 
involved, the resources typically lead the revenue, right? And typically, the 
revenue shows up in our P&L anywhere between 2 to 3 months down the line 
based on the construct of the deal. And higher utilization part that we are 
talking about, we are looking at lowering that utilization in the short term, 
where we need to now be prepared for the deals that we are in the final stages 
for. And as we close those deals, we need to be prepared to have sufficient 
bench to be able to ramp up those deals on time. And that's really the 
commentary around taking the utilization down. The higher utilization in the 
earlier quarters, again, the utilization was expected to be higher, but not to the 
level that we've ended up taking it. If you remember, even in last quarter, we 
talked about, 85% is our comfort zone from a utilization perspective longer 
term. So, in some quarters, it will be up or down. And today, we are at 87.4%. 

 
LTIM Q3FY24 Earnings Call 
Jan 17, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 23 
We believe that it's much higher than what we would like to be. And hence, we 
would like to lower that in order to prepare for the deals that we are closing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last 
question. On behalf of LTIMindtree Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect your lines.  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vinay Kalingara, Head of Investor Relations  
Email: Vinay.Kalingara@ltimindtree.com  
