 
 
 
 
 
SYMBOL: NPST                                                                                                             Dated: 25.01.2024 
ISIN: INE0FFK01017                                                                                           
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager-Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, NSE Building, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
Fax: 022-26598237, 022-26598238 
 
Subject: Transcript of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of Network People Services Technologies    
Limited. 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the Company held 
on Monday, 22nd January, 2024 at 11:00 A.M. This will also be available on the Company’s website 
https://www.npstx.com/investor-desk/notices-announcement. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Network People Services Technologies Limited 
 
 
Ashish Aggarwal  
(Joint Managing Director) 
(DIN: 06986812) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashish 
Aggarwa
l
Digitally signed 
by Ashish 
Aggarwal 
Date: 2024.01.25 
13:30:16 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
TRANSCRIPT OF THE EXTRA-ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF NETWORK PEOPLE 
SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED HELD THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCEING OR 
OTHER AUDIO VISUAL MEANS ON MONDAY, 22ND JANUARY, 2024, COMMENCING AT 
11:00 AM AND CONCLUDED AT 11:48 AM  
 
Manali Ved: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen! Myself, CS Manali Ved, Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer at Network People Service Technologies Limited, warmly welcome all the Board of Directors, 
Shareholders and special invitees present here with us in the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of the 
Company.  
 
In view of Covid-19 pandemic and circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, we are holding this EGM through video conferencing means. As we gather here 
today, I am reminded of the remarkable progress we have made since our inception. We have expanded 
our operations, diversified our products and services offerings and established a strong presence in Fintech 
industry. Further, your continued investment in our Company has been instrumental in propelling us 
forward and we deeply appreciate your commitment.  
 
Now, let me introduce you all to the members of the Board and KMP’s present with us today:  
We have Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur, Chairman and Managing Director of the Company present with us. 
We have Mr. Ashish Aggarwal, Joint Managing Director. We have Mr. Apurva Chamaria, Non-Executive 
Director present with us. We have Mrs. Panchi Samurthirakani, Independent Director. We have Mr. Inder 
Kumar Naugai, Chief Financial Officer, present with us.  
 
Further, we have received the request for leave of absence from Mr. Abhishek Mishra, our Independent 
Director, due to his inability to attend this meeting due to his pre-occupancy. I request chairman to please 
consider. 
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yeah, that's fine Manali. 
 
Manali Ved: 
Further, we have a special invitee, Mrs. Savita Vashist, our proposed Executive Director present with us 
to share her views. Welcome madam. 
 
Savita Vashist: 
Thank you, Manali. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Welcome, Savita. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
                Manali Ved: 
We have CS Kala Aggarwal, present with us our Secretarial Auditor and Scrutinizer for this general 
meeting. We welcome you all.  
Firstly, I request Chairman, Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur to call this meeting in order as the requisite quorum 
is present for the fair conduct of this EGM. Over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Chand Thakur:  
Sure. Thanks Manali. Manali, I have a very small presentation to quickly share.  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Just a moment Manali. I'm not able to switch on my video. I think host has done something. 
Manali Ved: 
Just hold on, Sir. It should be allowed ideally. Amol, can you please assist Ashish Aggarwal to switch on 
his video? 
Deepak, you just need to call the meeting in order right now so that I can start. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yes, yes, Manali, it's in order. 
Manali Ved: 
Thank you. So before we jump into the agenda items of this EGM, I would just like to take certain points 
regarding the participation in this meeting. Facility of joining this EGM through zoom is being made 
available to all the members on first come first serve basis. Since this meeting is being conducted through 
video conferencing means without physical presence of the members at a common venue, the proceedings 
of this meeting shall be deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company that is in 
Mumbai.  
The flow of the meeting shall be, the chairman will first address the shareholders with some organizational 
updates, followed by some insights and future growth prospects being shared by Mrs. Savita Vashist. 
Then, I'll read out the business to be transacted at this EGM and the Chairman will order for the e-voting 
and further the queries of speaker shareholders whose prior request has been received shall be taken.  
Members may please note that the Company has provided remote e-voting facility to all the persons who 
were members, as on the cut-off date that was 15th of January, 2024, i.e. Monday. The remote e-voting 
was kept open on Thursday that was 18th of January, 2024 that at 9:00 AM and it ended on Sunday 21st 
January, 2024 at 5:00 PM. Members who have not cast their vote through remote e-voting facility and 
who are participating in this meeting can cast their vote during this EGM. So voting is open and shall 
remain open till 15 minutes after the conclusion of this EGM.  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Your company has appointed CS Kala Agrawal, Practicing Company Secretaries, Mumbai as a scrutinizer 
to scrutinize the voting and to get them the voting process in a fair and a transparent manner.  
The notice of EGM has already been sent by electronic mode to all the members whose e-mail has been 
registered with the Company and Depositories. The same has also been made available on the Company 
website and on the website of the Stock Exchange. Therefore, I mark the notice of EGM read herewith. 
So now it is my honour to hand over the charge of this meeting to someone whose leadership and 
dedication and profound insights into our business has been instrumental in making NPST what it is today. 
I now request Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur, the Chairman of this meeting, to address the shareholders over 
to you, Sir. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Thanks. Thanks Manali. I am happy to represent 300 people in my organization. Can you see my 
presentation? Just some couple of slides I really want to share with everyone. Is it visible Manali? 
 
Manali Ved: 
Yes, Sir.  
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, before I would get into the agenda items which, Manali has fairly shared it with everyone. I want to 
very quickly give you an update on what has happened over past few months. I think it was last quarterly 
call for Q2 after that until we arrive at the next quarterly call, there are few good updates about the 
organization and happy to share those, even though they are small. Our commitment towards, vertical 
growth of the organization in terms of how do we penetrate the banking segment and how do we penetrate 
the overall areas of business that we are currently looking into in terms of digital payments and in terms 
of the product growth that we have. We have aggressively targeted all the banks, majorly PSU banks 
where we see a good opportunity for the digital payments and Bank of Maharashtra, we have been able 
to crack through and get empanelled into two of the niche areas of digital payments when it comes to 
merchant acquiring, when it comes to the model wherein there can be revenue generation through the 
current accounts of the bank. At the same time, there are other areas where bank wants very strong 
companies in the market who would participate into their, RFP's in Canara Bank. So although we are their 
partner already in several areas, there are a lot of new opportunities which has come around this and that's 
why we have got empanelled in Canara Bank as well. A completely new bank, which is Bank of Baroda, 
which so far is not our customer. That is also one account where we have been targeting a lot and Bank 
of Baroda is where we got the Fintech empanelment again. So there are 4 Fintech empanelment where we 
are now eligible to participate into the innovation which is happening around Fintech segment in PSU 
banks. So this is good progress from the sales.  
 
At the same time, we got recognition by Economic Times MSME awards. We have been obviously, 
working tirelessly over last several quarters. You've been seeing the results and this has been, taken very 
strongly by the market. Thanks to everyone, those who trusted us and this reflected in their awards as 
well. So economic times, we won a top performing listed Indian SME award in the ET MSME Awards 
2023.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the same time, from these another publication, which is NavBharat, which is a Hindi publication, there 
again in BFSI summit we won Navbharat Innovation in Payment and Banking Technology. This was in 
several awards, which was being given around banking, wealth management, mutual funds, insurance. 
There's a lot of other areas and in Fintech we were the only one which were able to penetrate into the 
overall summit and get our strong presence amongst them. A very interesting piece which has happened 
is obviously like I say, apart from the vertical growth, horizontal growth is something that the organization 
has built into their strategy and when I say horizontal growth, I'm talking about how do we bring in more 
products which would allow us to penetrate more into the segment. So till date of all the products that we 
have which is UPI, IMPS, mobile banking, merchant acquiring, two quarters back we got into new 
segment which was Online Dispute Resolution. We got Bank of Maharashtra, thanks to the new product 
penetration we had.  
 
Now again, this time we have got completely new product and it's amazing which is Bharat Bill payment 
system. We got an LOI from Kerala Gramin Bank. This is our first award in this segment. So this allows 
us to open the area around new product. So, as our commitment to business, to our shareholders, what we 
have shown in our annual report for FY23, now we have ODR and now apart from ODR, we also have 
BBPS, we have order from this bank which we are going to take it forward in the entire segment of TSP 
as well as the API business that we. Apart from this, a milestone to reckon with, we got about 10,000 
crore GTV processed this year from above from April to November, which is something to talk about. 
Obviously there is a lot of effort which has gone into it, right from technical capability as well as the 
operational capability. This calls for scaling the entire platform, once again, this calls about how we can 
further work on the merchant experience. So this obviously will pave the way for the next financial year 
wherein we will be now relooking at the overall capacity of the engine, we'll be relooking at acquiring 
more business in this segment. So that's how overall strategy will obviously be reworked in terms of the 
pace at which we are trying to achieve the numbers. So this is something I wanted to share with you all.  
 
Now, quickly going to the agenda, again, something which everyone was waiting for, last board meeting 
bonus has been approved. Thanks to all the efforts from the team which has worked tirelessly for last 
couple of months, headed by Ashish Aggarwal, Manali, Inder, all of you guys have done tremendously 
good job. So timelines are near and this is the time when we actually wanted to, reach out to our 
shareholders, share it with them and as part of the agenda, we'll be taking the vote as well. The issuance 
is one is to two obviously, and I believe this talks about how the organization wants to present itself in the 
entire Fintech world at the same time, prepare itself for the next growth plan, next growth strategy. This 
is a great step from the organization strategically moving ahead in the number of shares that we have in 
the market, at the same time how we are actually going to focus in next two to three years. Bonus shares, 
which obviously everyone were expecting for we being in good position, so yeah, this is 1 agenda point 
where the bonus share issue has been approved by the board in our last board meeting at the ratio of one 
is to two.  
 
I'll come to the second agenda point, I was really waiting for this day, the second one is about appointment 
of Savita Vashist. Sometimes what happens is it takes a lot of time to bring in something great in the 
organization and I think the time has finally come. So Savita, has been at forefront of building some 
amazing stories in the international market.  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
She has been the one who has driven business for last 20 years from and in fact she has scaled organization 
right from scratch. So I've heard a story carrying a suitcase going to a small MSME shop and ensuring 
that they understand the overall solution that she carries in that bag from there on to multinationals, those 
who really are great names in the industry. From there on till what she has built for multiple organizations, 
I don't think I need to read everything that has been mentioned here but what we really need is her 
experience, her expertise and so everything that she has been doing for last 20 years to be poured into 
NPST. Next three years, when we actually look forward for the NPST's growth strategy, we look forward 
to how exactly this organization is going to scale. We really needed someone with this capability to come 
into the organization and create that level of strength at the Board level. So as a commitment to again to 
the business, which I am repeating, once again, we actually wanted to build the organization right from 
top at the board level, at the Executive committee, the executive team then all the levels in the 
organization, the Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5 everywhere. The idea is, when we really want to have 
a focused and a very strong strategy to move the organization forward and we are working in a very 
disruptive segment, in fact, an area wherein your organization cannot just follow the competition but be a 
change maker in the industry. You need such kind of profiles to come into organization at very senior 
level and give that direction to board as well, I mean to the executive team, so that the mistakes can be 
brought down at the same time the learning curve is reduced and we have clear cut direction and quarter 
on quarter we have a leap in our business. So obviously when Savita comes in, I believe she will bring a 
lot of energy in strategizing the business development plans of the Company at the same time, her value 
add in building the P&L of the organization. Also, setting up the right practice and also building, also 
playing a very important role in a strategic decision making for the organization. I think these are some 
areas and obviously when the organization will look forward for the international foray, that is where her 
expertise will help the organization. So these are some areas that we are looking forward. With this, I 
welcome you, Savita, we have already approved at the Board, EGM. I really want this to go ahead. If you 
can share something from your side. 
 
Savita Vashist: 
Thank you, Deepak and the big thank you to all of you for the warm welcome. These are indeed exciting 
times and I could not have been more delighted to be a part of this formidable NPST team. The honour 
truly is mine to contribute to the collective success and growth of NPST and when I step into this role, I 
bring with me a deep commitment to excellence and a very strong, fervent desire to foster a very 
collaborative spirit within our team and I'm actually very eager to collaborate with each of you to leverage 
our collective expertise to drive the organization towards new heights. Say I firmly believe that the 
diversity in our thought and experience can actually act as a catalyst to bring in innovative solution and 
informed decision. So that's the agenda that I'm going to have is to sit with you guys to understand what 
are those opportunities and what are those challenges that we need to take it head on but once again, thank 
you so much for the warm welcome and I'm really excited and energized to work with such a superb team. 
Thank you, Deepak. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Thanks. Thanks Savita. I believe the other agenda item, Manali, I'll just, is other than this too. Is there 
anything else that you want me to cover? 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Manali Ved: 
No, that's fine. I'll, I'll take up. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yeah. You take that up. So over to you, Manali. 
Manali Ved: 
Yeah. Thank you, Deepak. Thank you for sharing your valuable insights about the state of our business 
and our achievements and the exciting opportunities that lies ahead and even thank you, Savita, we are 
excited to work with you. I now proceed with the agenda items as per. The notice of the EGM. So the first 
agenda item. 
Abhijeet Gunjal: 
Manali madam, just hold on. Deepak sir, you have to. Yes, yes you can continue. You can continue. 
Manali Ved: 
Ok. So the first agenda item was to increase the Authorized Share Capital of the Company. So I'll 
just read out the resolution for the Shareholders to get it approved.  
To consider and, if thought fit, to give assent or dissent to the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution,  
“RESOLVED THAT, subject to the provisions of Section 61 read with Section 64 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act and the rules made there under consent of the members of the Company 
be and is hereby accorded to increase the Authorized Share Capital of the Company from Seven Crore 
and Fifty Lakh divided into Seventy-Five Lakh Equity shares of Rupees Ten each to Twenty-Five 
Crores that is divided into Two Crore Fifty lakh of equity shares of Rupees Ten each, ranking pari 
passu in all respects with the existing equity shares of the Company.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any of the Directors of the Company or the Company Secretary be 
and is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things as and the matters to take all the steps as 
may be necessary, proper, expedient and incidental for giving effect to this resolution.” 
The second agenda item was Alteration of Memorandum of Association of the Company: 
To consider and if thought fit to give assent or dissent to the following resolution as a Special Resolution,  
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, pursuant to provisions of Section 13, 61 and 64 and all other 
provisions of the Companies Act and the rules made there under consent of the members of the Company 
be and is hereby accorded for altering the existing clause V of Memorandum of Association of the 
Company relating to the Authorized Share Capital by deleting the same and substituting in place, 
therefore, and the following clause number five will be now read as: 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  
 
 
Authorized Share Capital of the company is Twenty-Five Crore divided into Two Crore Fifty Lakh of 
equity shares of Rupees Ten each.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any of the Directors of the Company or the Company Secretary be 
and is here by several authorized to do all such as deeds and matters and things to take all such steps as 
may be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving effect to this resolution.” 
The third agenda item was to issue of Bonus Shares of Equity Shares to the Equity Shareholders of 
the Company:  
To consider and if thought fit to give assent or dissent to the following resolution as a Special Resolution:  
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, pursuant to provisions of section 63 and other provisions of the 
Companies Act, read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014, and 
subject to the regulations and guidelines issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India as amended 
from time to time, including SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, SEBI (LODR) Regulations and SEBI (SAST) 
Regulations 2015, and as per the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to the approval, 
consents, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary from the appropriate authorities in this regard, 
the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to capitalize the sum not exceeding 
Twelve Crore Ninety-Two Lakh Forty Thousand from the amount standing to the credit of the reserves 
and surplus account of the Company or such other account as may be permissible to you be utilized for 
the purpose of issue of bonus of Rupees ten each credited as fully paid up to the existing holders of the 
Equity Shares of the Company whose name appears in the Register of Members as on the record date as 
may be determined and as prior and the proportion of two is to one that is two bonus equity shares of 
Rupees ten each for every one fully paid up equity shares of Rupees ten each held by them and the bonus 
shares so distributed shall for all the purposes be treated as increase in the paid up capital of the Company 
held by each such member and not as the income or in lieu of dividend.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, the new Equity Bonus Shares of Rupees ten each to be allotted and 
to be issued as a Bonus Shares shall be subject to the terms of Memorandum and Articles of the 
Association of the Company and shall, upon allotment, has the same rights of the voting as the existing 
Equity Shares of the Company and be treated for all other purposes pari passu with existing Equity Shares 
of the Company and that the Equity Shares so allotted during the financial year shall not be entitled to 
dividend, if any, proportionately in the year of the allotment of these shares.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any of the Board of Directors and the Company Secretary be and 
hereby authorized to take all necessary steps to implement the above the resolution, finalize and take all 
the actions and connection with the Bonus Issue and allotment of shares to the Members, including filing 
of relevant e-forms with the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai.” 
The last agenda item for this meeting was appointment of Mrs. Savita Vashist as an Executive 
Director:  
To consider and thought fit to give assent or dissent to the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
“RESOLVED THAT, in pursuance of the provisions of section 152 read in conjunction with Rule 8 and 
Rule 14 of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rule, 2014 and other relevant 
provisions of the Companies Act 2013, along with its pertinent rules as may be amended from time to 
time as well as the stipulations within the Article of Association of the Company, consent of the Board of 
Directors and Shareholders be and is hereby accorded subject to the consent of Shareholders to appoint  
Mrs. Savita Vashist as an Executive Director of the Company with immediate effect.” 
“RESOLVED FURTHER THAT, any of the Directors of the Company or Company Secretary be and 
is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and matters and take all the necessary steps for giving effect 
to this resolution.” 
Now I will just request for a question answer session to be open for the registered investors who will 
requested the prior queries. I would request NSDL team to allow Mr. Rajiv Shegal to share his question.  
Over to you Rajiv Sir. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
Good morning. Am I audible? 
Manali Ved: 
Yes, Sir. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
At the outset, I'd like to congratulate the Board and the Management of the Company for declaring a 
liberal Bonus Issue. We look forward to receiving the Bonus Shares in our Demat accounts. I have a 
couple of questions which are related to the Company's performance and I will with the permission of the 
Chairman take them one at a time. Now that FY24 is drawing to a close, please advise us the estimated 
revenue for FY24 and projections for FY 25. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Rajiv Ji, I think we have already given the guidance in last two quarterly calls. As in, we have been 
growing at a consistent rate quarter on quarter and this I think from then when we grew from Q4 FY23 to 
Q1 and then Q1 to Q2, we have consistently grown at a certain percentage, so I have always guided the 
same growth number to all our Shareholders in all our quarterly calls and we continue to grow at the same 
pace. As per guidelines, I cannot give the straight numbers. That's not something which is, I think Manali, 
am I right? Yeah.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So however, what I can definitely give you is guidance on our projected numbers. I think if you take our 
growth number from Q1 to Q2, that is what you should continue to see from Q2 to Q3 and Q3 to Q4 as 
well and that is what our funnel suggests for now. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Rajiv Shegal: 
So are you suggesting that whatever quarterly growth percentage you have achieved, we can look forward 
to the same rate on a quarterly basis, not annual basis? Am I right? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Yeah, that's the guidance I have given, sir.  
Rajiv Shegal: 
Fair enough 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
See, there's Rajiv Ji, we need to understand that being in this business, we have lot of funnel and lot of 
growth ideas running at the same time, it's not just P&L but at the same time we have to work around the 
growth strategy and at the same time we have to also work on the capacity building and the organization 
structuring. You know that the capacity at which we were working in FY22 and what we are currently in 
when we will be in FY24, there's a huge jump you have already seen that FY23 we were at 41 odd and 
half yearly we were almost at 53, the next year. We need to also understand that there is tremendous 
pressure on the management to focus continuously not just on numbers but also building the capability of 
the organization. So, I can give you guidance around what is the projected number that we have, what is 
the estimation that we have taken. Whatever results we get on quarterly basis, you can easily calculate the 
same number whatever is the plus minus that you can account in your calculations. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
Fair enough. My next question is I'd like to have an idea of the customer on boarding. Please advise us 
the number of banks, NBFC's and Fintech’s. I'm not talking of merchants, I'm just talking of number of 
banks, NBFC and Fintech’s you expect to on board in the current year, FY24 and FY25? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
If you take the full year from first April until now, I think we have added nothing less than five to six 
more new banks or I would say new accounts and when it comes to the API business, I think we have 
added nothing less than about six to seven large master merchants. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
And what about the NBFC’s and Fintech’s 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
We don't have NBFC’S in our account yet for that. Like I think last Q2 call, which I clearly mentioned 
we are building new products. I think it was your question around how do we take forward 30 odd API 
strategy annual.  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Rajiv Shegal: 
Correct.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Right, so I gave you a very clear idea that when I say 30 API does not mean that 30 business API’s. It's a 
stack for a product. So our idea is to build on the auto pay API. Auto pay API is where your subscription 
based businesses can start using UPI as a payment channel and we are in midst of completing that 
particular product. So by this Q4, if you're able to do so, FY 25, we should be able to target NBFC's. So 
for now, we don't have NBFC in our portfolio. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
Would you be able to give us some idea of the number of banks and master merchants you expect to on-
board in FY25? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So, I think that should be a good question for Q4 call. I would suggest by then we will have a complete 
clarity on where we are closing FY24 funnel and then we should be able to estimate well for FY 25. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
Fair enough. I'll hold my question till then. In FY23, your net margin rose by 821 bytes from 7.64% in 
FY22, you grew to 15.85% in FY23, therefore your net margin rose by 821 bytes in FY23, what can we 
expect in FY24 and FY25? FY 24 is almost drawing to a close, so you should have a reasonably good 
idea of this. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Sir, I think, the margin what we have seen in half yearly, we should be able to sustain that. That is one 
clear picture. Second, going forward I have given this this clarity, so we have been working on the vision 
for last couple of months now and why it is taking so much time is because the organization is going 
through a lot of grilling session in building the entire vision Doc for and which will be for a good three 
years and from there we will we are going to cut down the yearly plan. So, I hope you're aware that we 
have two separate set of businesses. One is purely on the software product which we give to banks on the 
licensing or SaaS model. Second is where we work on the API business model for Fintech and the those 
who need the pay tech segment as their backbone. Now there is a mix of the linear and nonlinear model 
balancing it out, although we have like you rightly pointed out, about the incremental margin impact in 
the organizations P&L. We also need to understand that the organization in FY25 is going to transform 
completely and have very strong leadership at every level. When that happens it is going to eat away the 
incremental impact it has for the good cause, which will further give a nonlinear mode for the next two to 
three years. So this also should be accounted well. So my suggestion to you would be, you should consider 
the number that you have for half yearly, which we will ensure and will commit for FY24. For FY25, 
whatever advantage the organization will get from the nonlinear model, that organization will use it for 
its capability and the capacity building and bring in strong leadership for next two to three years. That's 
how we are going to, build the organization of future. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Rajiv Shegal: 
My last question is, please give us a snapshot of your international operations existing and proposed. 
Deepak Chand Thakur:  
So for now we have two countries where we are currently doing the AML business, anti-money laundering 
which is Tanzania and Mozambique but on the on the payment switch, which is our core with which we 
associate the organization there we are still building strong funnel. We are currently looking at Asia, 
Middle East and African market. So FY25, we should be able to penetrate either of these areas, these 
regions. So, we don't have the pay-tech product for now in either of these market that we should expect 
in FY25 but for now if you want to see the international accounts, that's AML in Tanzania and 
Mozambique. 
Rajiv Shegal: 
Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Sure and always a pleasure. 
Manali Ved: 
Thank you. Now I request our Chairman to make an e-voting appeal to the Shareholders. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
So can I, can I expect the voting soon right away? Yeah, from everyone please. 
Manali Ved: 
Members please note the voting will be disabled within 15 minutes after the conclusion of this meeting. 
Members who have not cast their vote yet are requested to do so. 
Members may also note the resolution, as set forth in the Notice, and shall be, and all the resolutions as 
may be deemed to be passed today, subject to the receipt of requisite number of votes.  
The combined results of the remote e-voting and the e-voting at the EGM along with the Scrutinizer report 
shall be communicated to Exchange where the shares of the Company are listed and will also be hosted 
on the Company's website within 48 hours of the conclusion of this meeting. I request moderator to 
deactivate the e-voting window after the completion of 15 minutes when the proceedings of the EGM 
stand closed. Shareholders who would like to express their views or have questions, send their questions 
mentioning their name, demat account number, along with an e-mail ID and mobile number at mail to: 
cs@npstx.com. The same shall be replied by the company suitably.  
In my concluding remarks, as we draw the curtains to this Extra-Ordinary General Meeting, I want to 
express my gratitude to each and every one of you for your presence here today. Your active participation 
has made this meeting a meaningful and productive one. Today we have celebrated our achievements and 
also set out the promising future size for the promising future that lies ahead in the payment ecosystem.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
So one thing that has remained constant is our unwavering commitment to our Shareholders, Customers, 
Employees and the communities that we serve. I encourage you to stay engaged with us, ask questions, 
share your insights with your continued support, we'll look forward coming together, coming years with 
growth, prosperity and shared success. I hereby declare the proceedings of this meeting as closed.  
Stay safe. Stay healthy. Thank you. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: 
Thank you, Manali. Good job done. 
Savita Vashist: 
Thanks Manali. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Thanks Manali. 
Abhijeet Gunjal: 
Manali madam, we are ending the meeting here. Voting will end at 12:05 PM.  
Manali Ved: 
Yeah 
 
For NETWORK PEOPLE SERVICES TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED, 
 
 
Ashish Aggarwal 
(Joint Managing Director) 
(DIN: 06986812) 
 
Date: 25.01.2024 
Place: Thane 
 
 
 
 
Ashish 
Aggarw
al
Digitally signed 
by Ashish 
Aggarwal 
Date: 2024.01.25 
13:29:51 +05'30'
