 
 
 
  
 
 
Date of submission: February 22, 2024 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 539551 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- NH 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 
   
Further to our earlier letter dated February 16, 2024 in relation to uploading the Audio Recording of 
the Earnings Call of the Company held on February 16, 2024 (Friday) for the quarter ended  
December 31, 2023, please find attached the transcript of the said Earnings Call.  
 
We wish to inform you that the Earnings Call transcript is also available on the website of the Company 
at https://www.narayanahealth.org/stakeholder-relations/earnings-call-audio-and-transcripts 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
Sridhar s
Digitally signed by Sridhar s 
Date: 2024.02.22 12:38:41 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
“Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 16th, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIREN SHETTY – VICE CHAIRMAN 
 
DR. EMMANUEL RUPERT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MS. SANDHYA J – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. R. VENKATESH – GROUP CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER,  
 
DR. ANESH SHETTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, OVERSEAS 
SUBSIDIARY HCCI 
 
MR. RAVI VISHWANATH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NHIC  
 
MR. NISHANT SINGH – VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE, MERGERS & 
ACQUISITIONS & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
  
MR. VIVEK AGARWAL – SENIOR MANAGER, MERGERS & 
ACQUISITIONS & INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 2
Nishant Singh: 
 Good afternoon, everyone. My name is Nishant Singh, I head the Investor Relations function 
at Narayana Hrudayalaya. I welcome you all to Quarter 3 FY24 earnings call of the company. 
To discuss our performance and address all your queries today, we also have with us Mr. 
Viren Shetty, our Vice Chairman, Dr. Emmanuel Rupert, our CEO and MD, Ms. Sandhya 
Jayaraman our Group CFO, Mr. Venkatesh – our Group COO, Dr Anesh Shetty, MD of our 
overseas subsidiary HCCI (which is Cayman), Mr. Ravi Vishwanath, CEO NHIC, and Vivek 
Agarwal, senior manager in the IR function.  We hope you have gone through the investor 
collaterals which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as our website. As 
usual, before we proceed with this call, we would like to remind everyone that the call is 
being recorded and the transcript of the same shall be made available on our website as 
well as on the stock exchange at a later date. I would also like to remind you that everything 
that is being said on this call that reflects any outlook for the future or which can be 
construed as forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the 
uncertainties and the risks that they face.  Post the call, should you have any further queries, 
please do not hesitate to get in touch with us.  We would like to answer them to the best of 
our ability.  With that now, I would like to hand over the call to Dr. Rupert. 
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
Good evening, everyone.  I warmly welcome you all to the Quarter 3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Conference of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited.  After a robust Q2, the third quarter of the 
fiscal year delivered stead performance across our units.  Consolidated revenue for the 
current quarter stood at INR 12,036 million reflecting a growth of 6.7% year-on-year and -
7.8% quarter-on-quarter.  NHL generated Consolidated EBITDA of INR 3,968 million in Q3 
FY24 at a margin of 24.7% against 25% in Q2 FY24.  This quarter-on-quarter growth was 
impacted on account of seasonal factors related to festivities in the current quarter. 
  Our Cayman units, the HCCI as well as the EICL continue to deliver strong business 
performance with quarterly revenue at USD 30.6 million, a year-on-year growth of 8.5%.  
We are confident that our Caribbean business will continue to grow through strategic 
initiatives and investments. 
  The balance sheet and liquidity profile at the group level remain strong with group cash and 
liquid investments of over INR 10.39 billion against gross borrowings of INR 10.14 billion 
resulting in a net cash position of INR 0.25 billion as of 31st December 2023.  Our net debt-
to-equity ratio now stands at -0.01, giving us sufficient room to fund our expansion through 
a mix of borrowing and internal accruals.  We have incurred capital outlay of close to INR 5 

 3
billion till the December quarter and are on track to spend the balance amount in the 
remaining quarter of the fiscal year. 
  On the clinical front, the Health City campus successfully performed 27 organ transplants, 
44 bone marrow transplants, 90+ robotic procedures, 60+ robotic ortho procedures, and 
two very rare renal transplants in patients with nephrocalcinosis which is a genetic disorder.  
The Children’s Hospital in Mumbai successfully treated a child with super-refractory status 
epilepticus that is convulsions continuously happening on this child, which had an expected 
disability of 80% or a mortality of 50%.  The patient recovered to a combination of medical 
management and a procedure which resulted in a recovery without any disability.  Our focus 
on digitization and business transformation continues to lead to significant benefits 
throughout the NH system.  We have seen an 8% quarter-on-quarter increase in throughput 
and a 3.3% reduction in turnaround time across NH Labs because of the initiatives taken in 
our ATHMA Platform.  Adoptive app called the AADI has helped saved 2500 surgeon hours 
annually with digital OT notes.  Our new app for nurses called NAMAH has saved 83 nursing 
hours due to digital handover process in the first month at the HCCI campus.  Its India launch 
will be in February.  We just launched that in the Health City campus and in our other tech 
initiatives, our OPD paper reduction has reduced by 22% in this quarter and there has been 
75% EMR adoption in OPD across the group.  Our recent venture, the Narayana Health 
Integrated Care continues to perform well despite a seasonally weak quarter.  The revenue 
for the quarter has crossed INR 53 million with more than 42,000 patient transactions.  We 
will continue to grow this business and serve our customers with clear focus for improving 
their health outcomes.  We continue to upgrade our clinical and nonclinical operations 
across the group, transform the patient service levels, increase our throughput, build more 
capacity, invest in more digital patient outreach channels, and improve our operational 
efficiency.  We are reasonably on track on our ESG commitments and continue to focus on 
creating meaningful social impact in addition to pursuing our environmental goals and 
upholding the highest standards of governance.  We are simultaneously pursuing organic 
and inorganic growth opportunities both in India and overseas that will derive synergies 
from our existing operations, maximize value for all our stakeholders while keeping a close 
watch on the return on capital.  Thank you and I hand it over to Nishant. 
Nishant Singh: 
Thank you, Sir.  I will request everyone to now use the Raise Hand feature to start posing 
their questions.  Prithvi, please go ahead. 

 4
Prithvi: 
Sir, my first question is on domestic business.  Compared to the previous quarter’s growth 
in revenue for domestic has been quite low.  So, just wanted to understand what extents 
this low growth in this quarter? 
Venkatesh R: 
Yeah, see this quarter like the routine Q3s are always affected by seasonality impact, but 
our North and West regions had a higher seasonality impact than expected.  There is some 
underperformance in Gurugram, which we are working on, but the major impact has come 
from Jaipur where due to change in the structure of reimbursements for medical 
management of the RGHS, which is the state scheme, it's become unviable for us to service 
that business, but the Association of Hospitals are approaching the government for 
renegotiation, should be sorted in three months.  We have also taken a conscious effort to 
improve our payor mix, which is the cash and insurance, which has gone higher by 2%.  
Schemes have come down by 2%.  It will take some more time for the same capacity to get 
filled up by higher paying customers.  The improvement will show over a period of time, but 
the positive thing is this is reflecting in our improved margin profile despite our difficult 
quarter.  Also, this payor mix rationalization is an effort to not carry large corpus of unpaid 
bills and to have a better handling of our cash flows as we get into this election year plus we 
have exited M S Ramaiah and Bellary contracts to improve our focus on our strategic focus.  
The impact of MSR also has some bearing on this, but not a major thing which we are 
confident overcoming in the coming quarters. 
Prithvi: 
Could you quantify the impact from the Jaipur Hospital? 
Sandhya J: 
We're not specifically sharing information relating to individual hospitals.  You can see the 
overall North number.  North has three units Gurugram, Jaipur, and Dharamshila, which are 
predominant. Now, if you see that Dharamshila has been reasonably okay in terms of 
performance. So, the underperformance in North has largely come from Gurugram and from 
Jaipur; more from Jaipur, less from Gurugram.  So, that should give you a broad idea on the 
impact of the Jaipur unit. 
Prithvi: 
And there is one question on the Capex, could you give the timeline for the new hospital in 
Cayman and then also you know the Greenfield and brownfield projects in Bangalore and 
Kolkata? 
Sandhya J: 
The Capex for the unit in Cayman is almost complete.  By the first half of next year, we will 
be able to Commission the hospital.  Bangalore and Kolkata units will take two to three years 
cycle.  We have managed to acquire the land in Kolkata.  We already have land in Bangalore, 
so we have now applied for permissions to build in Bangalore.  So, all of it put together, I 

 5
think another two to three years, you will see your Capex build up on all of these units.  We 
are also looking at additional capacity options in Bangalore and Kolkata and more growth 
options.  So, therefore as and when we have those opportunities materializing, we will be 
able to share more detail with you. 
Prithvi: 
Just a bookkeeping question.  What is the revenue and EBITDA number for new hospitals in 
this quarter? 
Venkatesh R: 
Yeah, our new hospitals as I said have also suffered due to seasonality impact more than our 
flagship.  On a combined level, their EBITDA is around 4% against 7% in Q2 with Dharamshila 
performing the best.  We're hoping that the last quarter will see a strong recovery and we'll 
be able to get closer to our target for the next two quarters. 
Prithvi: 
Okay.  Thank you.  That's all from my side. 
Arvind: 
Sir, Hello? 
Nishant Singh: 
Yes Arvind, please go ahead. 
Arvind: 
What about your insurance business? 
Viren shetty: 
Ravi, do you want to answer about the insurance? 
Arvind: 
Yeah, you got the license? 
Ravi Vishwanath: 
I would request others just to be on mute please.  Yeah, we received our license in early 
January, and we are now in the process of putting together finalizing the product, finalizing 
technology, the regulatory policies etc., and as soon as those are in place, we would go live. 
Arvind: 
Okay.  When you are going to start it, means tentatively when you are going to start it? 
Ravi Vishwanath: 
We expect to go live sometime next year and as soon as these, as you would imagine there 
are many things that need to be put in place and as soon as they are in place, we will go live 
sometime next year. 
Arvind: 
Okay.  I meant to say you are going to start PAN India or at Bangalore only? 
Ravi Vishwanath: 
We will initially start in Karnataka in Mysore to start with and over time as we build our 
experience and our knowledge, we will expand into other geographies. 
Arvind: 
All the best for the new business. 
Ravi Vishwanath: 
Thank you very much. 

 6
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah, thanks, Arvind.  Yeah, Rishi can we have your question please. 
Rishi: 
Yeah.  So, I had a few questions.  So, the first one when I look at your Cayman IPD ARPOB 
which is basically, I'm just dividing Cayman ARPP by the average ALOS that you all have of 
around 9 days out there.  I see that it's kind of dropped vs last year.  So, could you explain 
what's happening there? Why is your Cayman ARPOB for IPD business going down? 
Anesh Shetty: 
Yeah.  Hi, Rishi.  Thank you for the question.  If you actually look at the investor presentation, 
we give you the exact number split up into OP and IP in slide 10 operational review Cayman 
Islands.  So, I think the last quarter was an unseasonally high quarter.  In Cayman, our 
recommendation always is to look at three or four quarters for any metric to get a better 
sense of the direction these things are heading in. Because of the low base effect in terms 
of volumes, a few large discharges, a few complicated cases can skew things either which 
way.  So, we recommend looking at more of three or four quarters for any metric and if you 
go by that, there isn't really any significant change if you think about it. 
Rishi: 
Okay.  So, because basically what I'm looking at is Q1, Q2, Q3, right.  So, Q1 FY24 you all 
were better off versus Q1 FY23.  Q2, Q3 – you all have seen a 10% decline.  So, is it purely 
seasonality and nothing structural change there? 
Anesh Shetty: 
No, definitely nothing structural.  In fact, even if you, a 10% decline or increase for that 
matter in this metric really wouldn't concern us too much quarter-on-quarter.  More or less 
if you look at say the last eight quarters or so, yeah, that gives you a trend of a gradual uptick 
as and when we are taking on more complicated patients and this is, it's not something 
unusual for us to see these minor variations up and down. 
Rishi: 
Great.  And just a bookkeeping question on Cayman.  What's the ALOS for this quarter? I 
think you all have forgotten to report it for Cayman? 
Anesh Shetty: 
Well, no that was a conscious call.  I think in Cayman we've decided that, that's not a relevant 
metric to talk about.  I mean one gets a sense of the direction we're heading in because of 
the number of discharges, our revenue per patient, OP and IP as well as our total revenues 
and any other information that can be there.  We have sufficient capacity in the hospital 
that isn't a constraint for us to grow, especially with the new hospital being commissioned 
in a few months as well.  So, we felt that, that was not needed, but we're happy to answer 
any question you have for which you need that information. 

 7
Rishi: 
Yeah.  So, basically it was just to see how much bed utilization you all are at, because despite 
your daycare procedures not being counted in that, the bed is not free if the IPD patient is 
staying there for 9 days.  So, just to get a hold of that understanding, that's why I was asking 
for ALOS. 
Anesh Shetty: 
Sure.  Yeah, I can answer that.  So, I think we have moved more towards daycare-oriented 
procedures especially with an acquisition with it recently and certain change in the approach 
of the way we're performing certain procedures.  So, we've not had any constraint on that, 
there will always be some busy times and certain busy days or weeks with certain things like 
ICU capacity etc., but at no point in time are we foregoing treating any patients because of 
IP patient, I mean the availability of inpatient beds.  At the same time, we're happy with the 
utilization. We're heading in a good direction and it's a good build up towards 
commissioning the new hospital in a few months.  So, we're pretty comfortable with the 
availability of capacity. 
Rishi: 
Got it, got it.  On the India business, right, this year, what I'm seeing is that your discharges 
have come down to single digit growth even if I remove Western and Northern piece from 
not this quarter, but for the full year, so just wanted to get an understanding, is it because 
are we hitting peak capacity utilization out here or what's happening or was last year an 
exceptionally good year and hence the base is normalizing this year? 
Venkatesh R: 
No, if you see, one is the discharge and the other thing is the ARPOBS, which is the ARPOBS 
have grown from INR 13.4 million to INR 14.1 million, even though the discharge numbers 
have gone down. This is on account of our conscious efforts in terms of working on 
improvement in payor mix, which we have already said.  So, there is a 2% increase in the 
cash and TPA volume as compared to previous quarters.  See, our growth drivers as we have 
always said will be on higher throughput numbers, through efficiency improvement, digital 
initiatives, leveraging on operational efficiencies.  Even at most of the hospitals are trying to 
convert general words into semiprivate to meet the demand for insurance and cash payors.  
So, while we are working aggressively on the throughputs, daycare procedures, there are lot 
of robotic procedures which are morning/evening discharge, there are cardiac surgeries 
which are morning/evening discharges, which won't reflect much on the discharge numbers, 
but it will reflect more on the ARPOBS and with this system and capacity default making, we 
are in a position to do more.  We are in a position to serve more patients within the same 
capacity.  So, that's the answer for this. 

 8
Rishi: 
Okay.  Got it, fine.  The third question I had at my end was the other expenses for this 
quarter.  It has come down on an absolute basis on a 1% year-on-year.  So, what, where is 
the cost savings coming from? Is there a one off in the base year or this year which you want 
to call out? 
Sandhya J: 
There are some one timers that come especially in Q3, we had a higher, we took actually a 
higher impact of R&M given that it was a good quarter and we did use it up to work on our 
R&M expenses and Q3 are being a little bit of a leaner quarter, we went a little more slow 
on some of those discretionary spends.  That's the call that we keep taking periodically.  
There is no underlying exception to read there.  It is in line with what we were expecting to 
spend. 
Rishi: 
Okay.  So, basically the 20 crores that you all haven't spent, 14 crores that you haven't spent 
in Q3 FY24, it will basically bunch up and there will be a 30-crore expense in Q4 is what 
you're saying, right on repairs and maintenance? 
Sandhya J: 
It may or may not be because we've kind of accelerated a lot of the work that we wanted to 
do in Q2 itself.  So, we will, depending on how our needs of each of the units arise, we will 
moderate the spends, but we have, I don't think you will need to assume that every money 
that you have saved is a postponement.  Some of it got accelerated to Q2, some of it will get 
spent in Q4.  So, some of it is postponement, some of it is already spent. 
Rishi: 
Okay, got it.  In your notes to accounts in other income, right, you all have called out that 
around INR 159 million out of that INR 179 million is on account of lease modification.  Could 
you just share more color on that, what exactly is happening there? 
Sandhya J: 
So, we have certain lease arrangements, which we have with our third-party partners and 
sometimes we do periodically renegotiate these lease arrangements depending on either 
party requirements, convenience, etc.  So, some of those renegotiations have reflected 
because of the way IND AS is it has reflected in some accounting entries coming because of 
that. 
Rishi: 
So, these rental renegotiations have happened on land or building rentals or it's on 
equipment rentals, where is it coming from, like which hospitals, where, how is it happening 
and because it's nonrecurring in nature, right, if I have to    
Sandhya J: 
It is nonrecurring in nature, yes.  This will come in our non-owned hospitals.  This will come 
in terms of the share of compensation we paid to the partners and in some places some 

 9
equipments are also rented.  So, largely this comes because of the compensation that we 
pay to them. 
Rishi: 
Okay.  Got it.  Got it.  My final question that I wanted to understand is that your manpower 
costs, right year-on-year have been increasing at a high double-digit growth.  Now, in a 
situation where ARPOBs are growing, yes, you can offset these, but what are we doing to 
control these costs, if you can give some qualitative understanding on that front? 
Sandhya J: 
So, there are two aspects to manpower cost.  One is that because a lot of the manpower 
cost comes in from people who are either minimum wage earning or linked to minimum 
wage and therefore government actions in terms of minimum wages etc. have a direct 
bearing and that results in a higher manpower cost burden and that is not going to go away.  
We are going to see more and more - we have to understand that the underlying inflation 
in the economy is high, which means the cost of living adjustment that's happening in the 
minimum wages across states is also higher. So, therefore that part of the wage inflation 
coming on the baseline will not moderate. How we are trying to tackle this is through 
efficiency in operations. Now, Venkatesh had spoken about earlier about how we are 
looking at more digitized delivery, we had also spoken about our NAMAH app which we have 
just gone live in HCCI and now we are starting to go live in Health City, which is going to help 
us be able to organize our manpower better. We are also looking at many other digital 
initiatives across our organization, which helps us deploy the right people in the right place 
and therefore we are able to handle our manpower costs effectively. It will be a journey.  
I'm sure you would be seeing this across all hospitals, but you will see it more for us because 
our price actions are minimal and therefore our growth in ARPP comes mainly due to 
efficiency actions.  So, that comes a little slowly and therefore you see the impact more 
profound for us, but this is the reality of the situation. We have to work this through and we 
will be able to improve this over a period of time. 
Rishi: 
Okay, okay, and what has been this wage inflation across say the last 10 years on average, 
how much wage inflation do you all see on the employee, the non-doctor employee 
manpower cost and the doctor and nurses manpower cost, if you can? 
Sandhya J: 
For the current year FY24, we have seen anywhere between 10% to 12% wage inflation.  We 
are expecting a similar number in FY25 also. 
Rishi: 
Okay and historically it's also been double digit inflation for you guys on this front? 

 10
Sandhya J: 
During COVID time, I think the inflation rates were fairly moderated.  After COVID this has 
got picked up quite a bit, but it's been peaking now in the last year and going into the next 
year. 
Rishi: 
But these won't get revised downwards even if inflation comes down, right.  So, I'm. Just 
trying to understand like the business model is exposed to this, so I was just getting a feel of 
how this line item will move for you also? 
Sandhya J: 
Yes, business model is exposed to this.  So, like I said, you have to factor some amount of 
increase that comes because manpower costs will keep going up, but you'll also have to 
factor that there is a lot of work and effort being done on the digital side and that will help 
us optimize.  It is similar to any other manufacturing industry or any other labor-intensive 
industry where you would have a wage inflation coming through and the recovery partially 
happens through efficiency and partially happens through price.  So, that's really how our 
industry will also progress. 
Rishi: 
Right.  Got it.  Alright, fine.  Those are the questions from my end.  Thank you. 
Nishant Singh: 
Thank you, Rishi, for the questions. Can we have the next set of questions please? Any other 
questions anyone?  Yes, Gagan, please go ahead.  You're on mute Gagan.  We can't hear 
you. 
Gagan: 
Yeah.  Can you hear me now? 
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah, yeah, we can hear you now. 
Gagan: 
Yeah.  so, sorry if the question is repetitive.  I got disconnected from the call.   What was the 
reason for the India revenue growth being relatively muted this quarter, specifically North 
and West, but overall, also I think it was a bit muted in volume terms? 
Venkatesh R: 
Yeah.  It was, as we said this quarter, always has a seasonality impact as compared to other 
quarters.  But again, the North and West regions had a higher impact than before.  There 
was some underperformance in Gurugram, which we are sorting out.  There are a little bit 
of an issue in terms of medical management bills in Jaipur and the structure of 
reimbursement from the government there, which is practically unviable for us to service 
that business for the time being.  There are discussions going on with the government 
through the Association of Hospitals.  We would be in a position to get positive results 
maybe in a quarters time, also we've taken efforts to rationalize our payor mix.  The result 
is very clearly showing in terms of the cash and TPA going up by 2% this quarter, but of 

 11
course it would take some time for this capacity to be filled in by the paying customers.  The 
improvement will show over a period of time and that is the reason why there is a little bit 
of, I mean there is a bigger dip in top line as compared to the Q2, but the positive thing here 
is as a result of our conscious effort in terms of rationalizing payor mix, improving process 
improvement, working on process improvement, adopting technology, it has reflected in 
terms of our improved margin profile despite a low and difficult quarter.  Also, we don't 
want to expose too much of payables and have a better cash flow coming into an election 
year. 
Gagan: 
Yeah.  So, given the fact that a part of the growth is seasonal, I understand that but part of 
it, that growth crimp in the growth is also coming from you trying to deliberately alter your 
payor mix. Are we in a transition phase where perhaps we take some time before growth 
normalizes back to a level which would be optimal?  
Sandhya J: 
That's how we are looking at it. However, like we have always said, we are very cautious 
on how we take these steps and how we move. The desire is that we want to make a 
healthy transition so that our capacity is reallocated to better ARPP and cashflows. But we 
will be measured and careful about how we go about it. So, you can assume that it will take 
some time but we will also balance it off to the needs on the ground.  
Gagan  
Yes, I get that. But is it possible for you to delineate, let's say, what part of the impact is 
coming from these deliberate steps and what part…? Seasonality year on year should even 
out, I can understand quarter on quarter seasonality impacts you but compared to the 
same quarter last year seasonality shouldn't impact you. Given that, how would you 
attribute the growth weakness to these various factors that you've been talking about?  
Sandhya J: 
Our healthy payor mix has moved by about 2%, so that gives you some idea of how the 
payor mix has contributed to a little bit of stagnation in the revenue growth. But it does 
not take away the fact that best we did have underperformance in North, especially little 
bit in West. And the other aspect is that we did a rationalization during this year with the 
MS Ramaiah, which was a key contributor in terms of our South cluster revenue, which also 
contributed a little bit to the overall impact; maybe a couple of percent impact came from 
the rationalization. I mean, I don't have these numbers exactly calculated because we have 
not analyzed it in that fashion, but you can attribute 2-3% to our maybe poor performance 
in North sector, maybe 2-3% you can attribute to the payor mix calls we have taken. So, 
you know, you can assume that kind of mix in terms of our performance.  
Venkatesh R: 
So, these changes won't play out as a one off effort, you know, and then you say it's just a 
one off effort and then you are completed with the exercise. It's actually a constant effort 

 12
to apply methodical changes to the way our hospitals operate. It will keep showing up 
improved earnings, improved volumes, higher Average Revenue Per Patient year after 
year. You'll not see immediate results, but it will be over a period of time.  
Gagan  
You're saying that the tradeoff is that you want better average, ARPOB perhaps, our 
Average Revenue Per Patient, better Gross Margins and therefore these steps, while they 
might impact the topline for some time, they'll result in better margins. Is that how we 
should think about it?  
Sandhya J: 
Yeah. One is, definitely there's an aspiration for better margins but right now we are more 
focusing on better cashflows and we don't want to deal with significant cashflow 
uncertainty at this stage. So, a lot of moderation is also happening from that perspective.  
Gagan  
So, how does that impact your cashflow or Working Capital so to speak, Receivables so to 
speak because these are aimed at better Receivables, I presume?  
Sandhya J: 
Yes, that reflect in our June quarter and September quarter Receivables because the 
payment cycle for many of these schemes is 6-9 months. So, at the moment like every 
other hospital in the December quarter, collections are normally very poor from 
government customers because they have budget freezes. The budget release happens in 
the last week of March, early April and that's when the cashflow start coming in. So, all we 
are trying to do is not create a significant load on the cashflow going into the first half of 
next year. Having said that, it's a very small rationalization. We still have nearly 1/5th of our 
revenue still coming from these payors. So, that impact will not go away but to some extent 
whatever we can do we are trying to do in terms of improving our cashflow mix.  
Gagan  
Right. And while for the full year your Capex is budgeted at north of INR 1000 crores, I think 
year to date what you’ve incurred is around INR 450 crores. Is it going to be a case where 
some amount of that Capex, you know, the actual cash outflows get incurred in the next 
financial year? Or are you going to be…?  
Sandhya J: 
Yeah, a little bit flow over will be there in the next financial year but actually cashflows may 
largely happen. Capitalization may happen in the next financial year once the 
commissioning happens. A significant chunk of this Capex is being spent in Cayman and 
most of the funds are committed and there is a payment schedule to the vendors based on 
which it's being paid out. So, most of the cashflows are being spent. I think you may have 
a one quarter flow over maybe to some extent because of the timing of the payable dates.  
Venkatesh R: 
Also, since we are in the last quarter and a lot of these Capex is also attributable to the 
Greenfield expansions, like acquisition of land in Kolkata, plans for Greenfield in Bangalore. 
So, we are pretty confident of spending major part of the Capex by the end of this March 

 13
and, of course, there will be a small spillover, as Sandhya has said, in terms of the routine 
replacement and upgradation Capex, which may have a little bit of a spillover to the next 
year but most of it will be utilized in the next 45-50 days.  
Gagan  
Right. And coming on to Cayman, I mean in the quarter, as far as I can understand, Cayman 
ARPOB looks YoY down by about 4.5-5% and OPD volumes are also down and down, I think, 
by a reasonable number, if I recall it correctly from your presentation. So, any thoughts 
there?  
Anesh Shetty: 
Gagan, hi. Can I just get some clarity on the question? So, if we look at Slide 10 of the 
presentation, the box on the bottom right talks about the OP numbers. So, Q3FY23, which 
I think you are referring to, is at 7,647 and Q3FY24 is 9,558.  
Gagan: 
Okay, I might be wrong there. Yeah.  
Anesh Shetty: 
Sorry, yeah. Yeah, let me know if there's any question then. 
Gagan: 
Okay. On ARPOB, in Cayman is there a drop? If I understood…? 
Anesh Shetty: 
Yeah, similarly, if you look at the box on the top left in the same slide, Slide 10, we answered 
this question to the previous gentleman as well. So, if we look at Q3FY23 the inpatient 
revenue per patient is closer to USD 4 million whereas in the current quarter it's USD 3 
million. Although that seems like a drastic drop, what we suggest is always in Cayman to 
look at 3-4 quarters or perhaps longer to look at a trend. And when you do that, you will 
see that it's pretty in line with more or less the number we've traditionally been at. The 
reason was Q3 in FY23 was an unseasonably high quarter for this particular metric because 
of a few discharges that were very high in value because the underlying volumes are low, 
it's a low base effect of a few big discharges skewing this particular metric. But if you look 
at a longer time series, you will see that this is not something that concerns us.  
Gagan: 
And from an occupancy standpoint, how's been Cayman doing year-on-year?  
Anesh Shetty: 
Sure. So, we prefer to disclose discharges, outpatients and those kind of productivity 
metrics, but you know occupancy will change and can be skewed basis on the percentage 
of patients we focus on Daycare versus non-Daycare. So, in terms of the activity metrics, 
like outpatient numbers, discharges, etc., number of surgeries, so we have seen a good 
growth that you can see even in the series of similar presentations every quarter. A lot of 
that has been driven by more of a high throughput procedures of, especially in the 
outpatient services that we are focusing on these days.  
Gagan:  
Okay. And when does the new facility come on board? I presume it will be next year but is 
it possible to understand exactly when next year are you scheduled to bring it on board?  

 14
Anesh Shetty: 
Sure. The answer would be a range but we are aspiring to do it closer towards the end of 
Q1 of next year. We have more certainty around when the facility will be ready in terms of 
its infrastructure but then there is a series of regulatory requirements as well that does 
have a broad range and we have less control over. But our intent is to start in towards the 
end of Q1. More specifically, definitely, it will be around June; June-ish, I would say, yeah.  
Gagan: 
Okay. And the Oncology Unit that you commissioned this year, year to date any possibility 
to understand the contribution to the Cayman revenue and profits from that specific unit?  
Anesh Shetty: 
Sure. So, nothing that I can share in specifics but more qualitatively the unit is doing very, 
very well; better than what we expected. We're pleasantly surprised with it. Radiotherapy 
in any geography, whether India, Cayman or whatever, is always going to be a high margin 
service from a P&L perspective because our operating costs are quite low in Radiotherapy 
and that Oncology facility as of now is only Radiotherapy. So, in that sense, it's definitely 
margin accretive, and we are happy with the volumes and revenue we're raising so far.  
Gagan: 
Right. Final one from my side on the India piece as we head into the next year, is there a 
reasonable case for an early double digit sort of growth? I mean, would you be in any way 
constrained to achieve that? I'm not talking from a demand perspective, more from, one, 
your ability to service that kind of demand and, two, from the fact that you are looking to 
do something about changing payor mix. So, is that a reasonable possibility given these 
constraints or are we looking at a different sort of aspiration there?  
Viren Shetty: 
I will answer this one.  
Sandhya J: 
Yeah, Viren, go ahead.  
Viren Shetty: 
Nothing constrains us other than our ability to not disclose what next year's numbers are 
going to look like. Yeah, Sandhya, go ahead.  
Sandhya J: 
Yeah, thanks, Viren. So, there are a few aspects we have to keep in mind. One, of course, 
like you rightly highlighted there is a payor mix work which is ongoing, and we will take it 
as the year progresses. It's an election year, so we are taking some actions towards that 
but we may take some different actions after we get more confidence on cashflows. So, 
that's one aspect. 
  The other aspect is that we are working continuously on our throughput and that's been 
our journey. If you see for the past several years, we've not added a single bed. In fact, we 
have rationalized beds, we have repurposed beds, we have converted some of our General 
Ward capacity into ICU, Private Ward capacity. So, we've been rationalizing our business 
and improving our throughput on an ongoing basis. So, that should help us service the 

 15
demand as well. Having said that, we can't make any forward looking statements on where 
we are headed. Our journey is a little more long-term journey because we are not taking 
very immediate bed addition decisions, we are not doing any significant acquisition. We 
are buying land and building, so which means our next point of inflection will come when 
all the capacities go online and until then we have to keep doing more of what we've been 
doing for the past several years to be able to deliver results. So, I don't know if I answered 
your question, but I think that's really how we're looking at it.  
Venkatesh R: 
We have seen the pickup happening to some extent after the Q3 but it is a task cut out for 
us and we are pretty confident along with our efficiency drive, as Sandhya mentioned, we 
would also be able to build up on our volumes.  
Nishant Singh: 
Gagan, any more questions from your side? 
Gagan: 
Just one follow up, which is that, on the throughput. Since a lot of emphasis is laid on 
improving the throughput and operational metrics, is it possible to understand what are 
your aspirations there? For example, if with the same bed capacity next year with all that 
you have invested in increasing throughput, how much can you improve the throughput?  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
Yeah, we are constantly working on this, whether it is a procedure driven or whether it is 
any of our processes of diagnostics, by increasing the workstations in the diagnostic space 
for Ultrasound, ECHOs and seeing more throughput in the CTs/MRIs and all these things so 
that we'll be able to service more because we are able to see the need from our OP EMR 
which we have an adoption, which is very high, touching 80% plus and we know that there 
is an opportunity for us to see the throughput increase in these areas and  that is one area 
where we are working on. And while the procedure areas, whether it is Infusion Centers 
with our Onco program or the program with the Dialysis or various other Daycare 
procedures, we are trying to see how much we can do within the very shortest possible 
time. So, we're trying to do most of our Angiograms like a short stay within 4-6 hours kind 
of a period so that we'll be able to do 2 and, in some cases, even 3 shifts in the same bed 
which we'll be able to utilize. 
   So, these are all some of the things which we are working on. It's a constant work with the 
clinical teams and hopefully we'll master it in 2-3 quarters down the line.  
Viren Shetty: 
So, the way you track it is to check on the ALOS and the footfalls that we're achieving per 
quarter.  
Gagan: 
Thanks, Sir. I will get back in the queue. Thank you.  
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks, Gagan. Robert, can we please have your question?  

 16
Robert: 
Hello. Could you just talk a little about your longer-term capital allocation? So, when you're 
looking at your key markets, how you're seeing supply demand, the way you see the 
opportunities? And so, looking beyond the kind of the next 12 months, how you're 
weighing up the different opportunities? 
Viren Shetty: 
Yeah, I'll answer this one. Our key priorities are winning greater market share in Bangalore 
and Kolkata. So, for the next decade at least the bulk of our investment will focus on these 
two geographies. The remaining will just be strengthening the existing hospital set that we 
currently have. So, that means adding more beds or adding adjacent capacity to the 
existing network. So, most of this will be in some combination of Brownfield and Greenfield 
investment in hospitals, clinics, pharmacies in the network of cities that we're currently 
operating on and this will be the case for the next easily 10 years.  
Robert: 
Thanks. And just with that in mind, so when you're assessing the kind of supply side of the 
equation what are you seeing in terms of your peers actions and so on? And do you think 
that gives you a kind of a clear enough runway in that regard because it sounds like you 
do?  
Viren Shetty: 
Sorry, by peers action do you mean…? Could you just clarify that part?  
Robert: 
In terms of general hospital and clinic supply across those markets. So, if you look, I 
presume, you can see what your peers are up to a reasonable degree.  
Viren Shetty: 
Yes, it's fair to say that most of the mature cities in India have an adequate supply of 
hospital beds but they are short of very high quality beds and so there is a shift in the 
preference for patients to move from the very large unorganized sector, which constitutes 
essentially 90% of all the private bed capacity in the country, and for them moving away 
from unorganized hospitals and unlicensed nursing homes to larger, more accredited 
hospitals. So, in that sense, while there is a crowding effect of most large corporate 
healthcare groups being focused in the large cities, it does not represent the true demand 
that exists among the patients in those cities and the demographics are in our favor with 
rising incomes, rising old age. We do believe that the opportunity set is tremendous.  
Robert: 
Sir, do you mind if I just ask one follow on onto that, just in terms of how you're 
anticipating, for example, the insured mix versus out of pocket, et cetera? How you're 
expecting that to evolve over the next 5 years? 
Viren Shetty: 
For us or for the sector?  
Robert: 
Well, for you in particular.  
Viren Shetty: 
Sure. As of now, it's about 20%-22%, it hovers between that range for organized payors 

 17
whereas for a peer group it's sometimes close to 40%-50%. So, our aspiration is to reach 
those numbers. I'm not sure that we could achieve it in 5 years, it may take us a bit longer 
just because of our patient mix and our legacy of being a provider of very low cost, 
subsidized services to large numbers of people but the aspiration is to get to what the peer 
group is able to achieve.  
Robert: 
That's great, Thank you very much.  
Viren Shetty: 
Thank you. 
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks Robert. Abhishek, please go ahead. 
Abhishek 
Hello? Am I audible?  
Viren Shetty: 
Yeah, we can hear you. 
Abhishek 
Yeah. So, my question is, I think there is a decline in the Q3 versus Q2. I know we might 
have already spoken about the seasonal effect, is the seasonal effect more pronounced in 
the northern and the western region where we are seeing decline or is a seasonal 
phenomenon across the country? That's my question, Number 1. Yeah, then I'll ask another 
question.  
Venkatesh R: 
Yeah, of course, the seasonality is a little bit more. The impact of seasonal fluctuations is a 
bit more in the northern and western side of the country. Of course, seasonality has 
affected the other parts also, but it has affected us more in the North and West. Typically, 
most of these hospitals have a higher volume of scheme patients and mix in such hospital. 
Added to the fact that we are consciously trying to take the effort to improve our payor 
mix and the replacement is going to take time for these paying customers, this benefit will 
also take some period of time and that's the reason why there was a little bit of further dip 
in this. But if you look at the way in which units in these regions are performing, 
Dharamshila generally generates reasonably double-digit margins quarter-on-quarter, 
Gurugram also expect few aberrations. This quarter is always in a single digit margin, and 
it's also shown good improvement. And Mumbai also is expected to be positive in the late 
Q4 and then maintain several margins from then on. 
   So, though there has been a bigger fluctuation because of this reason but, I guess, they are 
giving meaningful contribution to the overall scheme of things and should be able to 
maintain this. 
Abhishek 
Sure. I guess you also talked about that bulk of your focus over the next 10 years is going 
to be the Bangalore and the Kolkata region, right; the Greater Bangalore and Kolkata region 
if I may say so. Do we have, let's say, a huge untapped market in these two regions that we 

 18
have a pretty long runway or is it because in the North and West we don't have a strong 
brand presence? Like what's the reason of like focusing on the Southern region and Eastern 
region? 
Viren Shetty: 
So, two reasons for that. One is that the Bangalore and Kolkata hospitals that we run are 
all full and so you naturally build capacity where you're sure you're going to get all the 
patients to fill it up. There is huge demand in North, huge demand in West, even more 
demand in other parts of Eastern Central India. It's just that it will take us longer to fill up 
those beds while the investment it's essentially the same; the construction cost in any part 
of India is roughly the same. So, the confidence that we have in filling our beds and 
generating quicker returns is much higher in Bangalore and Kolkata. That's one of the, let's 
say, the most non-emotional, spreadsheet driven reasons why we would invest in these 
markets. The other one is that these are the places where we have the highest brand 
recognition, highest Market Share but we're constrained in being in very few locations 
around the city. There was a time when a lot of patients would travel for days to come see 
us or they'd be willing to wait a very long time to get an appointment with some of our 
doctors. That's not the case anymore and so we are not able to hire more doctors, we're 
not able to accommodate more people in the same current setup. So, we have to add more 
capacity to accommodate all the patients who want to see us but are not willing to wait 4-
5 days in order to do so.  
Abhishek 
Understood-understood. And then from the capacity expansion standpoint, I guess, we 
have a very good Debt-to-Equity Ratio, could we not have expanded or done more Capex? 
Just a question on that because I see that we do have the requisite sort of comfort there.  
Viren Shetty: 
Oh! We absolutely want, I mean, I'm the biggest proponent of pushing for more Capex but 
then Sandhya’s job is to hold us back. So, we do what Sandhya says.  
Abhishek 
Alright. Yeah, those were my questions. Thank you so much.  
Nishant Singh: 
Vinay, please go ahead with the question.  
Vinay: 
Yeah, can you hear me?  
Nishant Singh: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
Vinay: 
Yeah, just quickly, in terms of going forward areas of business like your Oncology and the 
Heart part, which other areas are you seeing expanding into or would you like to focus on 
only these two major ones? I'm in bulk of your business?  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
Yeah. So, though these constitute a major portion of our clinical work. Orthopedic, Spine, 
Neurosciences is one area where we are constantly looking at opportunities for growth and 

 19
that is also more or less a community based growth because usually patients because of 
mobility reasons will come from a 50 kilometer radius for all these kinds of work. While GI 
Sciences and Acute Care, which constitutes Emergency Care and the Critical Care, forms a 
major portion of our work. So, these are the areas where we are constantly looking at 
growth on this.  
Vinay: 
Yeah. My second question was, you had mentioned that you would like to be a lowest cost 
like not lowest but comparatively lower cost service provider, and you would want to 
match that with some specialty kind of procedures which would gain you more revenue 
with less time spent at the at the hospital. So, is there any kind of tradeoff between these 
two because I understand your service culture does prompt you to go for more value-
added services?  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
Yeah, if you look at it, Neurosciences is got a combination of more of OPD practice and 
most of the procedures now are becoming minimal access and endoscopic and different 
kind of procedures. It's not necessary when you say that all those days of neurosurgery 
being very large; ghastly surgeries are no longer there. A lot of things work on an 
interventional neurology platforms and things like that which has got a very minimal stay. 
So, we do look into all these aspects but when we give a service you can't give a patchy 
kind of a service because patients come for a variety of the spectrum of requirements 
across a specialty and we need to be there and we have the ability and have the clinical 
bandwidth to service them. But these are not something that will be in large volumes but 
will give a lift to the department so that even the routine work comes in large numbers for 
us. So whether it is GI sciences or neurosciences these are all the same, these are all very 
short stay you know minimal access work that keeps happening. Critical care is a very 
crucial element because if you are going to look at emergency care and acute care, critical 
care becomes a crucial element then it is not necessary with all these advances and 
sciences that they will spend. There is a portion maybe 10-12% or 20% of the patients will 
spend time but a lot of them recover very quickly nowadays. 
Vinay: 
And one last question, is there any geriatric care planned given the demographics moving? 
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
We do have in our flagships people who specialize in geriatrics so that they don’t land up 
with 5-6 cross consultations across multiple departments, but they will take into account 
specialists as and when required. But by nature of the way the spectrum of work happens 
geriatrics is a reasonable volume that we deal with in all our centers. 
Vinay: 
Thank you very much.  
Nishant Singh: 
Rishi, do you have any questions. Abhishek, any more questions? You have raised your 

 20
hands.  
Rishi: 
Yeah, so I will just go ahead with my question. Viren, you just mentioned that you know 
the demand scenario has changed over the last few years for you guys where earlier 
patients used to come from far off, they used to wait for days or weeks for your doctors’ 
appointments. Now that’s not the case anymore. Doctor talent retention is becoming 
tougher. So, could you give more of an understanding here what's happening because from 
what I understand your value proposition is very high. So, a patient who cannot afford does 
he have more options now and that too closer to his city or what's happening here, if you 
could just give an understanding.  
Viren Shetty: 
We are in a big city, the options for most normal kinds of surgery so gall bladder, caesarian 
section, any sort of compound fracture those are almost universally available within 
walking distance of your house if you are in a big Indian city meaning the top 10 cities of 
India. But that’s not necessarily the area that most corporate hospitals play in. For them it 
is about being there for the heart surgery, cancer surgery, very advanced procedures. But 
it doesn't mean that those procedures don’t happen, they absolutely do happen in large 
numbers. But then that tends to be driven by convenience. So, a lot of the investments we 
are making in increasing our footprint, in looking at the Greenfield expansions is to be able 
to cater to a large segment of diseases. We are building also a large number of clinics which 
we historically never did, so that their first point of entry for whether it is even for a cough 
or a cold has to be within our network. So, since we built an integrated plan around that 
then we see that there is a lot more value in sticking to one network provider for all your 
issues and we will have all information, we will be able to treat you much better and we 
will have a much better idea of the longitudinal view of what happened to you in your life. 
So, in terms of the demand, yes, it is currently being fulfilled in quite a large range of 
hospitals of different kinds of quality standards. The preference always is that people get 
it done at more accredited places and we want to be able to cater to that.  
Rishi: 
Alright, so basically you are going closer to the customer but how does this play out in 
terms of ROCE, is it dilutive for you guys or accretive.  
Viren Shetty: 
Short term, very dilutive, the thing is no patient came here and asked for my ROCE and I 
can’t pay the doctors’ salaries in ROCE. So, it is yes, it is something that has been definitely 
a point of concern for us which is why we don’t do very large acquisitions and we take 
things in a much more moderated way. But it is the only determinant for how we decide 
to spend our money. In a perfect world we will just stick with the network we have and just 
keep on flogging it till the day the building falls down. But that means that you are 
foregoing a lot of opportunities which we don’t want to either. So, in terms of establishing 

 21
a footprint, building out significant capex for the next couple of years since we have the 
borrowing ability to do so and it won’t, you know, we have the cash service ability as well, 
we will do that till we are no longer able to expand any more in which case we 
operationalize all the things that we’ve built and wait for things to improve again. 
Rishi: 
Alright. 
Venkatesh R: 
I mean, if you even categorize the way we service, one at the national level, one at the local 
level, and one at the hyper local level. We need to also have solutions across all the three 
categories. So, when it comes to quaternary care which we have in these flagships we look 
at catering to national level, even at international level and when it comes to tertiary care 
like neurosurgery, orthopedics, we have solutions at local levels. Also, when it comes to 
hyper local levels the obstetrics, gynecology, pediatrics, we have hospitals which cater to 
this level. So, you need to be available to provide solutions to each of these categories and 
that is where we are working towards.  
Rishi: 
Got it, got it. Thank you. 
Nishant Singh: 
We have a lot of questions which have been typed because there were some issues with 
the speakers of the participants, so I think we should take them now. There are questions 
from Utkarsh and Riddhi basically on the capex spending for this, yeah basically on the 
capex spending for this year and next year. So, I will take that question and maybe Sandhya 
can probably add. See, for capex for FY24 we had a projection of around INR 1100 crores 
and we have already spent close to INR 500 crores, and we have the POs also lined up, 
added to that we have this Rajarhat expansion for Kolkata where we have capex of roughly 
INR 180 crores lined up for this quarter. And we also are in the advanced stages of 
procuring a land in Bangalore so if we add it up all I think we should be there at around INR 
1000 crores and slightly above for FY24. For FY25 we don’t have a finalized plan but given 
that we will be growing by adding hospitals and clinics at a lot of places, especially our 
flagships, you can take a rough estimate of around INR 1200 crores even for FY25. And as 
Viren has already mentioned very clearly that we will be mostly expanding in our flagships 
which is Bangalore and Kolkata in India. So, a lot of our capex specially for the brownfield 
and greenfield will be towards these two cities, the bulk of it and Raipur as well. For 
Cayman, as Anesh also mentioned we will be done with this new hospital construction by 
say first quarter of FY25. Beyond that we don’t have any greenfield plans for Cayman, but 
we will keep exploring other inorganic expansions in the other nearby islands and other 
international locations. Anything else. 
Sandhya J.: 
Yeah, maybe I will take the rest of the questions. 

 22
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah, sure, Sandhya. 
Sandhya J: 
Thanks, Nishant. So, the question on payor mix like we said this we do want optimize payor 
mix in the long term but what we are doing right now is rationalizing for cash flow and as 
well as trying to see if we are having the ability to correct the payor mix. We don’t want to 
guide a target on this because there is a segment we want to serve as well. But we want to 
find the right balance, so we are not guiding on the payor mix.  
 
In terms of our patients’ response to our services, I think one measure we could look at is 
say Google reviews. We have on an average the industry top tier players would be at an 
average of about 4.6 kind of number. In most of our hospitals, flagships and large hospitals 
it is about 4.8 and across a large number of review counts. We are believing that whatever 
actions we are taking in terms of improving the patient service outcomes it is being 
appreciated by our patients, but it is a constant journey and we will have to keep working 
on it. In terms of comparing our procedure cost versus our peers, I think a good way to 
compare this rather than we trying to put out some number other there, a good way is for 
you to be able to derive this, the costs are almost exactly the same for every player, any 
large player. I am not sure if we can say that we will be buying something cheaper than 
another large, listed player. But if you look at our realization profile it is relatively lower to 
many of the top 5 players. And at the same time our cost profile is at par with the top 
player so that’s the reflection of the efficiency and scale at which we play. So, that should 
give you a broad comparison on how we are operating. In terms of how much it costs for 
building a hospital with land prices being premium and depending on where we choose to 
build it will cost anywhere between 1.5 to 2 crores. If the land cost is very, very high then 
it can even go up beyond that. But approximately including everything it is costing or going 
to cost 1.5 to 2 crores per bed. Our initial capital investment for health insurance we have 
invested INR 100 crores in the health insurance business, and we are going to start with 
that and this will run us into the next year and a little bit after, and after that we will see 
how the investment will build on. As far as the question on tech, maybe I will request Viren 
to take that question. The question is that you have developed a lot of tech internally.  
Viren Shetty: 
We do have a patient facing app called NH Care, we are in the process of rebranding it. 
Essentially, we want this to be the one-stop shop for accessing all of your hospital-based 
services. Its capabilities currently include being able to book appointments, pay for any 
tests that you order, see the results of your tests, get any bio of all the doctors that we 
have and be able to check on the status of any of your people/your loved ones who are 
already into the hospital. The roadmap to this is eventually to roll this into our NH 
Integrated Care Plan which would then allow you to buy a Care Plan, be able to coordinate 

 23
with your Care Coordinator on the app so that they would remind you of any upcoming 
whether it is checkup or appointments or any tests or medicines you want to order that 
can be done on the app as well. And you can use it to keep track of, ultimately when the 
insurance rolls out, you can keep track of your insurance, the sum insured and all those 
sorts of things. So, patient facing app has you know got a lot of good reviews, it is still got 
to be worked out but like all things a lot of work still needs to be done. We are also trying 
to roll in QR codes into the apps so then when you are in the hospital, this becomes sort of 
the fast track for you to go to the different parts of the hospital to pay for things, identify 
yourself at the entrance and act as a sort of passport for you within the hospital, that also 
is work in progress.  
Nishant Singh: 
Even medical research wing.   
Viren Shetty: 
We do have medical research wing, I will ask Dr. Rupert to talk about it. 
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert: 
We have got a fairly robust medical research wing headed by a very good clinician who was 
a cardiac surgeon but he has worked in the Bristol University and has got a major interest 
in research. He works as our Chief Scientific Officer. And recently one of the professors 
from Vellore having major interest in immunology and research has joined us. They form 
part of the leadership team and are working on disciplinary research. And last calendar 
year we had in excess of 200 plus publications, with these publications are having an impact 
factor of more than 1, and which have been published in the PUBMET accredited journals, 
and these are not some journals which are having a lower impact journey. And we have 
various incentivizing plan for people who take time out for research and publications and 
presentations across the network.  But we have a very good ecosystem in the Health City 
campus for basic science research in addition to clinical research. But as we are doing more 
and more electronic medical records and almost 100% of our OP EMRs, OP consultations 
are getting captured. The ecosystem for various kinds of trials, outcome analysis and 
survival scores after 2 years, 5 years after multiple kind of therapies is all going to be 
available in a couple of years’ time because we have a very good data capturing. The more 
data that gets refined the better the outcomes. And since we have distribution of patients 
coming from a vast segment across the country it is almost like doing multicenter trials 
within our own organization, you don’t have to go outside the organization to do any kind 
of research. So, the ecosystem is for basic sciences research in addition to the clinal 
database, and we also have a tie-up what is called a redcap database for doing these clinical 
trials. And all our units have access to good journals from Elsevier’s Clinical Keys and upto 
date and clinical decision support system which we have online and which is available to 
all of them even from their homes. So, they have an ecosystem for this, and we have 

 24
demonstrated for the last 3 years consistently we have very good publications in journals 
which have an impact factor of more than 1, more than 200 plus this one. And that is 
something which we have been constantly working on. As of now industry funded research 
is in excess of 80 across the entire network. And main areas of research are in apart from 
cardiac sciences has been in oncology, neurosciences and critical care.  
Nishant Singh: 
So, I think we have been able to answer all the questions, even the typed ones now. If 
anything is pending from the typed questions, can the participants again request. I think 
we are done with the questions.  
Viren Shetty: 
Gagan, do you have a question? 
Nishant Singh:  
Yes, Gagan. 
Gagan: 
Thanks for the follow up. Just two questions, one on the tax rate as we get into the next 
year - we have had a low tax rate this year, how does it work out for the next year. And 
second, is the capex for the next year also budgeted at a INR 1000 crores if I heard it 
correctly? 
Sandhya J: 
Yes, go ahead, Nishant, go ahead. 
Nishant Singh: 
As we mentioned earlier capex for next year is not finalized but it should be roughly in the 
same number of around INR 1000-1200 crores.  
Sandhya J: 
Tax rate for next year will be similar, Gagan, except that this year we had some benefit 
accounting benefit in Q2 given that we shifted to the new rate and some of the deferred 
tax liability is reversed. Adjusting for that we should have a similar rate. So, essentially most 
of our units are now on the new tax regime except the NHSHPL which is we still have some 
brought forward some losses set off only after that it can move to the new regime. And 
depending on the mix between India and Cayman our effective tax rate will get moderated.  
Gagan: 
Right, so as far as funding for next year’s capex is concerned so far you know we managed 
to retain a net cash position with another INR 1200 crores for next year, how do you 
propose to fund it. 
Sandhya J: 
So, we will do a mix of bank borrowings as well as we are planning to do an NCD raise. And 
some internal accruals also we will use. We don’t expect to be in this very low debt EBITDA 
at least for the next 2-3 years because we have stepped up the pedal on our capex, over 
the past two years we have spent close to INR 1000 crores and we want to continue to do 
that. So, which means that these will not come from organic cash accruals. So, you will see 
a higher ratio on debt EBITDA in the medium term till you know all the investments that 
we are making start returning money and given that we are prioritizing buy land and build 

 25
more greenfield so therefore the cycle is also going to be longer in terms from the time we 
make the investment to the time the cash flow starts coming in. So, you have to expect 
that a significant amount of the capex is going to be funded through debt.  
Gagan: 
So, what's the debt to EBITDA levels you are sort of looking at as a ceiling or a peak which 
you don’t want to breach.  
Sandhya J: 
So, we historically wanted to stay at a ratio of 2 but then we also are aware that if there 
are meaningful opportunities which we have to go after and if there is in the short term 
we need to breach the ratio. We may not go after the opportunity because of the ratio. We 
will be balanced about it, but we have to breach it in the short term, we may take those 
calls depending on what opportunities come our way.  
Gagan: 
Any further idea you can give as to where exactly is the INR 1200 crores being targeted, 
you’ve given the split for this and last year’s INR 1000 crores each, any further details that 
can be offered on next year’s INR 1200 crores.  
Sandhya J: 
I didn’t hear the question because I had a drop of connectivity. 
Gagan: 
So, what I was asking is for the composition of that capex for this year and last year you 
have given a break down of the capex in Cayman and India and what exactly are you sort 
of doing with it. So, is it possible to understand for next year the INR 1200 crores of capex 
which you propose where exactly are you putting it. 
Sandhya J: 
While we are still working on the details, maybe I will request Nishant to take this question.  
Nishant Singh: 
Sure, Sandhya. See, Gagan, we have this normal capex of biomedical, civil for all the 
hospitals which is around INR 400 crores to 450 crores, so we can take a 10% jump on that 
so INR 450 crores for general capex. And anything apart from that within that gap of INR 
1200 crores will be for the expansion which could be a mix of expansion in Bangalore, 
Kolkata and a bit of that in Raipur as well. So that is a broad split. 
Nishant Singh: 
For Cayman also we will have regular capex and the last mild portion of the new hospital 
capex which will be around INR 150 crores. So, that is the broad split of the INR 1200 crores 
planned capex for next year. 
Gagan: 
So, a final one from my side on the Sparsh acquisition that you did last year. What has been 
the ramp up like? And if I recall correctly one of the reasons also was that it will help you 
create additional or you know sort of transition some capacity in the Bangalore facility to 
Sparsh and create some additional capacity at the Bangalore hospital. So, just wanted to 
understand how is that working out. And second one what's the status on your clinics and 
insurance program if you could update us there.  

 26
Venkatesh R: 
First one I will take which is the Sparsh, Sparsh has completed 5 quarters post-acquisition 
and has been moving the way we had projected it and doing very well in terms of margins 
it is working similar to the margins which we have in Health City. We have had a lot of 
benefits by acquiring Sparsh in terms of cost rationalization because since it is located in 
the same complex, we have been able to leverage the manpower of the existing campus 
into Sparsh to work on savings and manpower cost. We have been able to leverage on 
economies of scale and efficiency in consumption to have savings in consumption cost. And 
also in terms of the overheads. And as a part of capacity de-bottlenecking Sparsh has also 
helped create additional capacity in our main centers as an add on to the already executed 
program on improving operational efficiency throughputs and all. That has actually created 
basically added more virtual beds because since the inception of Sparsh over the last 5 
quarters. So, this quarter of Sparsh has also been as per plan and as per the budget.  
Gagan: 
The second one? 
Ravi Vishwanath: 
Yeah, the second question was on the integrated care and insurance. So, these are still 
early days we continue to focus on, rather be the pilot in Bangalore, we may progress over 
the course of the quarter, we have added a clinic and would be adding more in the current 
quarter as well. And we are focused on building our product services and adding to mix. In 
terms of insurance, as mentioned earlier we expect to start operations sometime next 
year. 
Gagan: 
A final one if I am allowed to, and this would be on Cayman, you will start the new hospital 
in June. How are you looking at you know the scale up of that one and the implications that 
has for the existing one specifically for FY 25-26 if you could give a broad idea. 
Anesh Shetty: 
So our intention is to hopefully start by June. I mean these things can get delayed a couple 
of weeks basis on factors beyond our control but that’s the aim. In terms of how it will 
impact, so, as we discussed during the previous call as well we are going to be front loading 
a lot of costs because we are commissioning a new hospital. So, there will be some front 
loading of costs that hopefully will be mitigated fairly soon because it is not a new 
geography. So, although it is a new building, a new campus, it is still within the same island. 
The market knows us very well, it is a relatively small market we have been around for 
close to a decade. We don’t foresee it taking very long to get people flowing through the 
facility in reasonable numbers. Having said that we do unfortunately have to frontload all 
our fixed costs. Cayman as a market in general there is a very high degree of operating 
leverage which explains the profitability but at the same time when we are ramping up it 
also explains the high fixed costs in the beginning. So, we hope to climb over those fairly 
soon.  

 27
Viren Shetty: 
I think we have one last question. After that this call automatically terminates. Rishabh? 
Rishabh: 
Yeah, this is building on the previous response, you mentioned around INR 400 to 450 odd 
crores of routine capex that NH has. Is this only for India business or this includes the 
Cayman business as well. 
Nishant Singh: 
This is largely towards the Cayman business - for India business, sorry, Cayman business 
we do not have too much of general running expenses. Most of the capex for Cayman is 
towards the new hospital construction. When we say INR 400 crores, majority of that is 
towards India business.  
Viren Shetty: 
And this is a work that is already in progress across the different hospitals as part of their 
overall transformation and expansion activities.  
Rishabh: 
Understood. One last question, what would be the overall impact of IND AS adjustment 
that we do for rent in India business as well as Cayman business? 
Sandhya J: 
I think that is disclosed as part of our investor deck, we did give a footnote of adjustments.  
Rishabh: 
So, INR 18 crores is what the overall impact, is there some way to bifurcate it into India, 
what would be the India aspect of it. 
Sandhya J: 
You can assume all of it for India actually, you know, there is nothing material from IND AS 
point of view in Cayman.  
Rishabh: 
Okay, understood. Thanks. 
 Nishant Singh: 
I think with this we would like to conclude our session. Thanks everyone, for your active 
participation as always. Please do feel free to reach out to us for any further questions you 
may have. Thank you.   
  
 
End of Transcript 
 
