 
 
 
Ref No: RML/2023-24/440 
 
Date: January 30, 2024 
 
To,  
BSE Limited                                        
 
           
                       National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Code: 543228  
 
 
                                       NSE Symbol: ROUTE 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
    Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company's Q3 FY24 earnings conference call dated Tuesday, 
January 23, 2024.      
 
The transcript is also available on the Company's website under the Investors section at:  
https://routemobile.com/compliance/2023/Route-Mobile-Ltd-Q3-FY24-Earnings-Call.pdf  
Further, please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed by the Company during 
the said earnings call. 
 
      You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
  Thanking You 
  Yours truly, 
  For Route Mobile Limited 
 
 
 
    _________________________________________________________________________ 
 Rathindra Das 
 Group Head-Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
     M. No. F12663 
 
     Encl: as above 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
Route Mobile Limited 
4th Dimension, 3"' floor, Mind Space, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 064, India 
+91 22 4033 7676/77-99 I Fax: +91 22 4033 7650 
info@routemobile.com I www.routemobile.com 
CIN No: L72900MH2004PLC146323 
Rathindra 
das
Digitally signed by 
Rathindra das 
Date: 2024.01.30 
17:59:10 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Route Mobile Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
1. 
Mr. Rajdipkumar Gupta – Managing Director & Group CEO  
 
2. 
Mr. Gautam Badalia – Group Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Investor Relations Officer 
 
3. Mr. Suresh Jankar – Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Route Mobile Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Dorwin, the moderator for this conference. 
Welcome to the conference call of Route Mobile Limited arranged by Concept Investor 
Relations to discuss its Q3 & 9 MFY24 Results. 
We have with us today Mr. Rajdipkumar Gupta – Managing Director & Group CEO, Mr. Gautam 
Badalia – Group Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Investor Relations Officer and Mr. Suresh 
Jankar – Chief Financial Officer. 
At this moment, all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-
and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press ‘*’and ‘1’on your 
telephone keypad. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks 
and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide #2 of the Presentation for the detailed disclaimer. Please 
note, this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajdip Kumar Gupta. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajdip Kumar Gupta: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. 
In light of the recent global trend of workforce rationalization and cost optimization among 
large global companies, the broader CPaaS industry has encountered some headwinds 
especially in the last 2 months of the previous quarter. 
I want to take this opportunity to provide you with a transparent overview of the current 
situation as well as our strategic response to these events. While we have registered our best 
quarterly revenue during the quarter gone by, it was yet a slightly muted performance, 
considering Q3 is historically the best quarter. This is due to the industry headwinds and delays 
in a couple of our large contract going live. In lieu of the above, we revised our FY24 guidance 
from 20% to 25% revenue growth to 15% to 17% revenue growth. These developments while 
concerning are not uncommon in the fast-evolving tech landscape. The good thing is that our 
performance during the month so far is encouraging, and we are putting lots of effort to 
accelerate to go live for some of the large contracts that we have won and are on the verge of 
closure. 
 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Some of the notable contracts which should go live during the course of this quarter are: 
One of the largest e-commerce customers to go-live for European destination. Vodafone Idea 
contract integration is ongoing rapidly. However, the full-fledged impact of this contract will 
start from April 1st onwards. We have recently on-boarded a large e-commerce client from 
Asia, it should gradually ramp up. We are on the verge of signing a contract with one of the 
largest private sector banks in India. We are also encouraged by the growing adoption of new 
communication channels like RCS and WhatsApp messaging. In fact, some of our recent 
contract wins on these product lines are as big as our monthly revenue on these product lines. 
The recent shift in the messaging space is opening up new avenues for communication. We 
expect to onboard a significant number of new customers to our Omni channel platform, 
leveraging these changes. This evolution in the market while bringing these challenges also 
present us with unprecedented opportunities for growth and expansion. The evolving 
messaging landscape is creating an exciting opportunity for us to welcome numerous new 
clients to our Omni channel platform. This shift, while challenging is opening doors to 
unprecedented growth and development. We are in the process of implementing innovative 
technological solutions such as GenAI to enhance our operational efficiency. While I won't 
delve into specifics, I can assure you that these advancements will significantly contribute to 
optimizing our processes and reducing dependencies, aligning us with the best industry 
practices. 
In terms of the Proximus deal update, we have secured the most important U.S. approval and 
are in striking distance of deal closure. A couple of regulatory approvals from the Middle East 
are awaited anytime soon. Further, we have done a lot of groundwork on the integration effort 
across the group and have clearly identified synergies across various buckets. Upon the deal 
closure, we should immediately take action on the integration effort and the synergy should 
start to reflect in our financials immediately thereafter. 
In conclusion, while we acknowledge the challenge we face, our outlook remains optimistic. 
Our strong foundation coupled with our strategic initiative positioned us well to capitalize our 
future opportunities and deliver on our promises of innovation and excellence. Thank you for 
your continued faith in our journey. We are committed to keep you informed and engaged as 
we progress towards our shared goal. 
Now I will hand over the call to Gautam who will share more about our financial highlights. 
Over to you, Gautam. 
 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Gautam Badalia: 
Thank you, Rajdip. Good evening, everyone. Wishing you all a very Happy New Year 2024. 
We've already uploaded our quarterly earnings presentation on our website as well as on the 
Stock Exchange website. Hope you had a chance to go through the presentation. 
I'll quickly summarize our financial and operating performance during Q3 FY24 and 9 months 
FY24 before opening the floor for Q&A. I'll start by highlighting the key developments during 
the quarter gone by. 
As Rajdip highlighted, we have registered our best quarterly revenues during the quarter gone 
by, yet it was a slightly muted performance due to factors which Rajdip again highlighted as 
industry headwinds, as most OTTs were in cost-saving mode, which affected the ILD traffic in 
regions, and delay in certain large contracts going live. With respect to our margins, we have 
encountered some one-off expenses. I just list out some of those one-off expenses for the 
quarter gone by. MR Messaging’s revenue grew by 40% sequentially, but their performance 
actually was a drag on our EBITDA margin. Adjusted for MRM's EBITDA, we achieved a 13% 
EBITDA margin. MRM's performance for 9MFY24 was affected largely by geopolitical issues in 
Europe and industry consolidation. Hence an exceptional item of Rs. 150.4 million was booked 
in Q3 FY24, which represents the fair value gain as of December 31, 2023, of the contingent 
consideration payable towards the acquisition of the 100% equity stake of MR Messaging. 
There was also a backdate write-off in Masivian to the tune of Rs. 46.6 million in 9 months FY24 
and we have already initiated legal actions for recovery. There was a one-time consultancy and 
retainer fees paid in Q3 FY24 for market expansion in Africa and LATAM, which amounted to 
Rs. 29.9 million. 
In volume terms, we processed 31.2 billion transactions, similar to Q2 FY24. Despite Q3's 
seasonal step, the muted sentiment across the geographies is reflected in these volumes. India 
continues to be our largest market by termination, accounting for over 47% of our revenue by 
termination. The revenues from US headquartered customers declined, owing to reasons 
highlighted above. You may refer to slide 16 for the same. We are seeing strong momentum in 
next generation products across multiple geographies. We witnessed a year-on-year growth of 
58% and a quarter-on-quarter growth of 40%. You may refer to slide 10 for the same. Our new 
product, LTM revenue is around US $25 million. The uptake in new products by enterprises, a 
few large contracts going live shortly, along with the synergy benefits that will accrue to group 
mobile post the disclosure will pave a very strong growth trajectory for FY25. 
With this backdrop, let me walk you through our financial performance: 
In Q3FY24, revenue from operations grew by 3.9% from Rs. 9,857 million in Q3 FY23 to Rs. 
10,243 million in Q3 FY24. There was a sequential growth of 1%. Billable transactions increased 
from 27.7 billion in Q3 FY23 to 31.2 billion in Q3 FY24. Average realization for billable 
transactions increased to 32.9 paisa in Q3 FY24 from32.4 paisa in Q2 FY24. Gross profit margins 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
remain flat on a sequential basis. EBITDA declined marginally, owing to certain one-off 
expenses highlighted earlier. 
The effective tax rate for the quarter was around 15.4%. Profit after tax adjusted for 
exceptional items grew by 15.5%on a Y-o-Y basis and 11.6% on a sequential basis from Rs.854 
million in Q3FY23 and Rs.884 million in Q2 FY24 to Rs.986 million in Q3 FY24. PAT margin was 
at 9.6% in Q3 FY24, as against 8.7% in Q3 FY23 and Q2 FY24. The board has recommended an 
interim dividend of Rs. 3 per share. For nine months FY24, revenue from operations grew by 
17.4% from Rs. 25,606 million in 9 months FY23 to Rs. 30,063 million in 9 months FY24. In terms 
of certain KPIs, billable transactions increased from 79 billion in 9 months FY23 to 92 billion in 
9 months FY24. Average realization per billable transaction was 32.7 paisa in 9 months FY24 as 
compared to 32.2 paisa in 9 months FY23. We had a net revenue retention of 110%, you may 
refer to slide 18 for the same. We added over 700 new customers in 9 months FY24 across all 
products. 
Gross profit margin declined from 22.4% in 9 months FY23 to 21.3% in 9 months FY24. EBITDA 
grew by 15.7%. In terms of operating leverage, EBITDA as a percentage of gross profits stood 
at 59% in 9 months FY24. EBITDA margin remained flattish. Effective tax rate was 12.3% in 9 
months FY23 as against 15.7% in 9 months FY24. Profits after tax adjusted for exceptional items 
grew by 21.6% from Rs. 2,291 million in 9 months FY23 to Rs. 2,786 million in 9 months FY24. 
The PAT margin improved from 9% to 9.3% during the same period. 
We on boarded 35 new employees and 29 employees left us during the same period. Net cash 
as on December 31, 2023, was Rs. 4,654 million. Average receivable days was 73 days in 9 
months FY24 versus 73 days in H1 FY24. Average payable days reduced marginally to 59 days 
in 9 months FY24 versus 64 days in H1 FY24. Normalized CFO conversion for9 months FY24 was 
in the range of 50% to 75% guidance range that we had told out at the beginning of the year. 
With these highlights, we open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
First on your growth trends for this particular year, you mentioned there has been a significant 
decline, I mean there has been a correction in growth of guidance as well. Now my question is, 
would we be able to recover the lost growth in this particular quarter and the revenues that 
we have lost in this particular quarter starting Q4. If not, what would be the reason be? That 
would be the first question. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Swapnil, let me start with this. As I said, one of the largest e-commerce customers is live on our 
India platform right now. We were hoping for them to start 9 other countries which got 
delayed, and we are very much hopeful to get those started by this quarter, and we are in 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
constant touch with them to start with UK and other countries. So, hopefully that will go live. 
As far as our Vodafone Idea contract is concerned, I think we were expecting to go live by 1st 
of December, which is now extended to 1st of April as an exclusive partnership deal with 
Vodafone Idea. We are almost migrating the different circles on our firewall. And we believe 
by end of March we will be able to complete the entire shift from other firewall to our firewall. 
So, the complete growth in terms of revenue on the firewall side will be effective from 1st of 
April. So, in terms of the last Quarter we said we are seeing significant growth in this month 
already. Some of the customers who lowered down their volume last quarter we can see them 
started again. So, we might not give any kind of guidance but in terms of revenue guidance, I 
think we are very confident that between 15% to 17% is something what we will achieve this 
financial year. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So, just to extend that point, you mentioned 17% at the upper end of the guidance. So, that 
effectively tells us that you're guiding for 15% of the sequential growth, QoQ. And historically, 
4Q has typically tapered compared to 3Q. So, this time around, it will be the other way around. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, if you see our last year also, the Q4 was better than the Q3. So, we believe that this year 
Q4 will be better than Q3. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And if I were to just extrapolate a few things and ask you about FY25, what would be the 
incremental revenue potential that you are looking at from all the deals that you just 
mentioned and things starting, assuming the Vodafone deal also comes in from 1st of April? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, apart from Vodafone and other deals, I think the synergy between the TeleSign and BICS as 
a Proximus deal. So, we are expecting that deal to get closed very soon. If those synergies come 
along with the Route Mobile, I think we have a very high number to achieve. Right now, we are 
assessing the whole value. We might not be able to give you the exact growth trajectory for 
the next year, but very soon we will definitely share that. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And one thing on your gross margins, you just mentioned that your RCS and WhatsApp revenue 
has been doing well, but that does not seem to be reflected in your gross margins. In fact, if I 
see from a YoY perspective, you're down significantly Q-on-Q perspective also, you're flattish. 
When exactly should we start seeing these margins to inch up, get some benefits from the new 
product line? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Swapnil, you need to also understand when you talk about, say, 25 million for the yearly basis 
revenue against the Rs. 4,000 crores revenue. So, it will always be very small. I think, as Gautam 
mentioned, some of the contracts we have won recently and some of the contracts which we 
are working on are very large contracts. And as soon as we scale this entire revenue to around 
Rs. 300 crores to Rs. 400 crores or maybe Rs. 500 crores a year, probably you can see the impact 
of that in our margins. But we are working very hard to onboard and focus more on 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Omnichannel potential, which we see right now. So, that's the current situation. Gautam, if you 
want to add to this? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, so, I think we mentioned in our remarks also, I think MRM, while they have not had the 
best nine months, but last quarter, they did exceedingly well in terms of growing the revenue 
sequentially by 40%, but in terms of gross and EBITDA margin, it was a drag on our overall 
financials. So, adjusted for the MRM's gross and EBITDA margin, our margins would have 
expanded significantly. I mean, sure, it would have been closer to last year's gross margin. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And just one last question on your employee expenses. Right now, they are hovering around 
Rs. 55 crores on a quarterly basis. Is there any impact of any salary hikes or something in this 
particular quarter or like that come in later? If you can just guide some, how things we should 
forecast in the quarter? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Some of the subsidiaries also have a January to December kind of cycle. So, there are some 
bonus payouts and all that happens typically at the end of December. So, some of those things 
have happened during the course of the last quarter. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So, fair to assume Rs. 55 crores is the run rate in the near term, next one or two quarters. 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, in that vicinity, that's right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Couple of questions. First, if I look vertical mix which we provide in terms of which segment is 
driven growth, digital native and aggregator seems to be weak. So, if you can provide some 
colors, what is playing out? So, CPaaS partner as well as digital native, some weakness is 
evident. The second question is about some of the comments you made in delaying large 
contract ramp up. So, if I look your PPT indicated, Vodafone where we are already live and in 
record time we implemented and stuff like that. So, what leads to delay in conversion to 
revenue or maybe billing? If you can provide some sense? And the third question is about the 
gross margin trajectory. I understand new product is not significant, but if I go to, let's say, year-
to-year back, and overall consistent narrative about gross margin expansion plan over a period 
of time, some of it is not evident in the numbers. So, if you can provide what lead to some kind 
of mix, not for this quarter particularly, but broader, let's say 9 months or something like that. 
Thanks.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Gautam, I'll start with the second question, and probably you can answer the remaining 
two. So, Dipesh, if you see Vodafone, we went live on 1st of December with our hub, which is 
like a record implementation of Vodafone Idea. There is a current partner who has a firewall 
deployed in all the various circles of Vodafone Idea, which is a very tedious job to transfer the 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
entire traffic from one firewall to another firewall. And that is why now we have started in 
January to moving the traffic from one firewall to our firewall. That process has been started. 
We cannot move all the traffic in one shot because we have to test, we have to make sure 
everything is working fine from firewall A to firewall B. So, that transition period is longer. That 
is why it will take another 2 months more. And that is what we expect and that is why we are 
talking about 1stof April as go live and we will become exclusive also from 1stof April which 
means that all the traffic from 1stof April onwards will flow through our firewall. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Just Rajdip on this part, so earlier when we indicated to contribute revenue from Q4 onwards, 
whether we over-optimistically assume transition will be very short duration kind of transition? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
I think it was a little bit of miscalculation from our side and probably that was one of the reason 
we were always calculated Vodafone Idea to go live from January 15, but because of the shift 
it's taking more time and but we already started the process and that's why we are not 
considering the revenue of that in this quarter, but now the shift has already started, we have 
already moved three circles to our firewall now and the remaining are going weekly basis And 
keeping that in mind, I think 1st of April is a tentative date where we will be working exclusively 
on Vodafone Idea. 
Gautam Badalia: 
So, Dipesh, your first question was on digital native and CPaaS. So, you're absolutely right. I 
think those two segments have witnessed some headwinds and that's largely an industry-wide 
phenomena and not specifically to Route Mobile per se. So, some of these CPaaS players, I 
mean, who are also our partners, they service a lot of large global enterprises and we've seen 
that trend pretty much play out across most of these large global enterprises during the last 
two months of the previous quarter. Hopefully, I think things are coming back with some of 
these enterprises now doing their budgeting and stuff. So, things should come back atleast, 
and it should steady now. So, from that aspect, I think we are cautiously optimistic about both 
these segments. And as Rajdip said, once Vodafone goes live, we'll definitely be able to increase 
our wallet share with each of these clients. So, Dipesh, your third query was on new products, 
right? I mean the ramp up. So, I think we're very, very enthused with the kind of ramp up that 
we are. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
It was on gross margin. 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, on the gross margin. Okay, the expansion that you were saying. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
That's right. So, let's say if I go to your 2-year back narrative about gross margin trajectory, one 
year back also same narrative, we expect gross margin trajectory to improve over a period of 
time and it would be consistent steady kind of improvement. Now if I look actual delivery, the 
trajectory seems to be different. Now we will explain ABC reason why it is not happening, but 
if I look trajectory perspective, in 2022 we were at 21% gross margin, today we are not 
different. So, I just want to understand whether one should expect 21 is a reasonable number 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
to expect for medium term or you think 25 and because at one point of time you indicated it 
can go as high as 30. So, we are way below those kinds of numbers, so I just want to get sense. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Dipesh so as I said, our other business and our Omni channel business is growing every single 
quarter. And I think we are at a run rate of $25 million as of now. And we are expecting this to 
grow, I think, at least very highly as compared to the SMS piece. But again, as soon as it 
increases to a Rs. 500 crores revenue run rate; I think that is where you can start looking at the 
margin increase overall. Gautam, if you want to add to this. 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, and just to give you a perspective, I think we've given a 3-year perspective of margin 
expansion, and that's a fair observation. I think some of that has kind of got a little diluted 
because of  MR messaging’s margin was a drag, right? If we adjust for that, I mean, there is 
some bit of margin expansion that's played out. But notwithstanding that, the important thing 
is this year, as we said, this would be an inflection year for the new products. I mean, at this 
point in time, we're working on a few contracts where our monthly run rate of the new product 
revenue, I mean, some of the contract sizes that we are winning are greater than that. So, some 
of those validations are happening. I think let these new products works team gather some 
critical mass at that point in time. I think this should definitely play out from an expansion 
standpoint. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
And last question from my side. Now if I look at your Q4 guidance rate, I'm looking sequential 
perspective implies roughly around 7% to 14% as quarter-on-quarter growth. Now Vodafone is 
likely to ramp up from April, so it should not contribute. So, what we are building because from 
seasonality perspective, typically volume is not showing any material growth. If I look last few 
years of our performance, what we are building here, if you can help us understand? 
Gautam Badalia: 
I think some of the segments which are now coming back, essentially the CPaaS that had 
actually kind of dwindled down quite a bit during last quarter. I think some of those things are 
now coming back. And I think last year if you look at the trajectory, on a sequential basis we 
were able to demonstrate growth in Q4 versus Q3. Plus, we are assuming that some of these 
contracts that we have won, the e-commerce client in Asia that we have already started the 
throughput and that should meaningfully ramp up. We are also assuming that one of the largest 
e-commerce clients will start the European traffic in the course of this quarter. So, some of 
these things are baked in to our assumption. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Last year growth was partly driven by acquisition. Inter telco was not there in Q3 and that's 
why some growth happened. If I adjust for it, your growth was not there sequentially, which is 
the usual pattern. And that's why I tried to, but you said these 3-4 reasons are sufficient for us 
to give that confidence? 
Gautam Badalia: 
No, so, Dipesh I think Interteleco acquisition happened in December 21, not last year. 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
First question is regarding the decline we have seen in the volume number. While the argument 
you have given that there is cutting spending in ILD by global enterprises, volume clearly is 
driven by the NLD part, right? ILD is relatively a small portion of overall volume and declined 
on Q-o-Q basis, more or less showing that even on an NLD side, there is at least some pressure. 
We heard from your competitors last quarter that there are challenges from other players who 
are not passing on the increase cost. So, anything to highlight there in terms of volume? 
Gautam Badalia: 
In terms of volume, what has actually transpired is I think there was a significant drop in volume 
for Masivian and while I think their volumes dropped by 10%, their revenue increased by 15%. 
So, they were able to kind of do a lot of solution selling which are inherently larger ticket sizes 
solutions that they were able to sell. So, I think that way, they have done really well in terms 
of the margin expansion and in terms of the gross margins. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
We have done margin expansion this quarter and there is a significant jump giving by 
realization, then Route’s organic performance is even inferior right. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
No, that I think we did call out, digital native and CPaaS. Those two segments got impacted 
during November and December. So, that led to kind of a slightly muted performance for Route 
Mobile on an organic basis. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
One-time cost against Masivian? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Yes, so this actually happened, part of it happened in Q2 and last part of it happened in Q3. So, 
this was pertaining to one solution that was sold to kind of a Mexican enterprise. But ultimately 
the Mexican enterprise was not able to realize it. I mean, it's more to do with the industry 
headwinds than anything else. So, we've kind of already started a litigation proceeding against 
them. So, we are hopeful that we'll be able to recover this amount that we have written off. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Just last point here. A few questions asked by earlier participants regarding the required 
growth rate of 7% to 14% in the 4th Quarter. How much will be driven by the increase in volume 
in more or less our existing business and how much will be driven by incremental revenue 
coming from our one of the top clients starting in Europe? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
I think honestly, we can't quantify at this point of time, but we believe that knowing the pattern 
of spending on various 9 to 10 countries, if we get all of them as a part of our platform, we 
believe that it will add easily $3 to $4 million additional dollars to our revenue. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Okay, $3 to $4 million revenues. So, the remaining portion you are saying that's going to come 
organically? 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Yes, as I said, I think the volume for this particular month, we have seen a growth whatever the 
distance we have seen from those large OTT players in the month of November and December. 
We start seeing the traffic coming back to our platform and we see a decent growth for this 
particular month, and we presume that the same growth will continue for the next 2 months 
as well and we will easily reach to our guidance of 15% to 17% year-on-year basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
So, my first question is on the ILD part of our business, wherein in the past we have seen 
multiple price hikes on the ILD side. So, is it fair to assume that because the ILD revenue is being 
dominated by 5, 6 large clients, so maybe the higher pricing of ILD is forcing them to shift to 
some other modes of communication and now with RCS becoming preferred mode. Can we 
see the shift from ILD to RCS because the pricing differential is very high and so because if I see 
the sharp drop in the top client revenue for us in this quarter, so this is also indicating to some 
extent that the top client is not using the ILD channel as it was using say a quarterback? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Not exactly in that sense. First of all, let me just clarify that RCS is no way allowed to send OTPs 
for OTT partners. RCS in India is being governed by Vodafone Idea as their hub and it is 
definitely not allowed to use that channel to send OTPs. I think that some misleading 
information has been passed in the market, which is not correct. And we have not seen a single 
drop because of RCS being used for OTP. Okay, it was not only for India, but I think OTT, a player 
like Google or Facebook or many others have reduced their volume not for India, but multiple 
destinations in those months. So, it is not just for India and ILD business. 
Amit Chandra: 
No, I agree that, that it's not for OTP messages, but mostly for the promotional part and for the 
promotional part of the messages? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Even for the promotional part of the messages, I think we serve one of the largest e-commerce 
customers right now in India and we have seen in fact this growth in their volume on SMS side 
and I think there are lots of grey routes available in the market and that will lead to de-grow 
the traffic, now most of these large brands, they are aware that their people are using grey 
routes to terminate the message and we in return getting more traffic and more assurance 
from these brands that they want to work with people who have legitimate route to terminate 
the traffic. First of all, that is something that we've have got some confirmation for this month 
and that is why we see growth in our ILD traffic for this month. RCS, you might have referred 
to some of the transactions happening on WhatsApp for Amazon which is totally not as a 
counted transaction in our revenue model. So, we still see the growth of whatever traffic which 
is coming for companies like Amazon, we still see the impact with us. 
Amit Chandra: 
And sir, recently Apple also mentioned that they're going live with RCS globally because RCS is 
only on Android right now. So, with Apple going live on RCS and RCS being a cheaper mode of 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
communication as compared to ILD which is Rs. 5, obviously it's an opportunity for newer 
clients but for existing clients, can this be a risk as the shift to volumes which are lower on 
realization? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Amit, RCS is live in almost 95 to 100 countries as of today. The biggest threat between 
WhatsApp and RCS, it is not on SMS side. So, if you talk about the conversational messaging 
which is happening on RCS as compared to conversational messaging which is happening on 
WhatsApp, WhatsApp is 75 paisa in India and RCS is about 25-20 paisa in India. So, we see lots 
of shift is happening from WhatsApp to RCS. That is a real shift and that is something which we 
see or we have seen a trend. As a company, we are doing reasonably well on RCS side and 
reasonably well on WhatsApp side. As a Omnichannel provider, we are not seeing that trend 
of RCS or WhatsApp being used for the SMS channel, but I think there is a biggest gap we see 
between WhatsApp business messaging and RCS, and we see people adopting RCS more to 
replace WhatsApp business messaging. So, that is a trend we have seen from last few months 
and that is happening and because of the cost and because of that is governed by the operator 
ecosystem by GSMA and the data residing within the country, RCS preferred two-way 
communication channels over WhatsApp. This is a trend we have seen in the last few months. 
Amit Chandra: 
So, sir, you mentioned that most of the ILD, large ILD spenders, have not spent what they 
intended to in the last two months. So, the drop in the spending on ILD is because of the higher 
pricing that ILD because they are finding alternate challenges, or this is more linked to 
macroeconomic conditions? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
It is more linked to macroeconomic condition and India is just a 5-cent market right now but 
there are various markets where SMS being charged to 23 -25 cents also. So, it is not just India 
as one market which is charging 5 cents. If you go to Bangladesh or Sri Lanka, I think it is as 
expensive as about 13 - 20 cents range. So, I think it's overall different for various other 
countries by all these OTT channels. Commonly the macroeconomic condition, which will lead 
them to withdraw some of the traffic, which they believe is not critical, and they stick from 
critical traffic, but again from month of January, we see those traffic coming back. 
Amit Chandra: 
And sir, on the VI deal, you mentioned that it will start from April onwards. So, the revenue 
commitment or the revenues that we are building in, remain the same or is there any change 
in scope of the project? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
It will remain the same, whatever the guidance we have given before. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I just wanted to confirm one of the questions that I had earlier asked with respect to the gross 
margin. So, you mentioned that MRM is something which has impacted the margins over there. 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Now, as we understand, the MRM margins are significantly better than our standalone 
margins. And is that understanding correct? And if that is so, then? 
Gautam Badalia: 
So, Swapnil, it was historically, I mean what you're saying is right, but I think last quarter, so if 
you remember, the first half for MRM was significantly kind of muted in terms of revenues, 
right, while they were doing good in terms of margins. I think this quarter they've chased 
revenue growth and compromised the margins a little bit, so that has actually diluted our 
margins for the quarter. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And secondly, do these numbers that we have reported for this quarter include any trials that 
you were doing with TeleSign? I remember you saying, I think a couple of quarters back that 
there were some. 
Gautam Badalia: 
There is nothing that we are doing right now because of the competition commissions and 
other aspects, we can't do, so some of these would be tantamounting to Gunjumping. So, I 
think we're working independently as two entities right now. Once the deal closes, at that point 
in time the throughput would start. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And one more thing, as you consolidate with TeleSign at some point of time, your volume is 
consolidated, is it possible that the enterprises may have a challenge because due to higher 
concentration coming from just one particular CPaaS player because ultimately TeleSign and 
Route would be considered as one by an enterprise and that may lead to some of the enterprise 
trying to diversify their exposure to some other CPaaS, basically where is the concentration? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Swapnil, there are many customers that TeleSign has we don't have, okay. Let's do some of the 
classic examples like Spotify or Netflix right? So, these customers we don't have, we don't serve 
them. And there are few large we serve both, we both serve them, its fine. But there are many 
of them are US based, we don't serve them directly. And that is the opportunity we see in long 
term where we will get as a one combined team to serve all the customers based out of US as 
a single entity or a partnership. 
Gautam Badalia: 
And something just to add to what Rajdip said, so I mean as part of the integration exercise, 
we have done exhaustive work on all this along with our global consulting firm. So, at this point 
in time, we don't believe that we've run any concentration risk per se. I mean if at all, we both 
complement each other rather than kind of creating any concentration risk per se. So, I think 
that is again a very positive kind of outcome that we have been able to kind of at least from a 
hypothesis standpoint, being able to formalize. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Right. But just for clarity sake, would you guys be able to give us what would be the total 
overlap of revenue between TeleSign and Route today? I do understand you very clearly 
mentioned that there are a few other clients which you do not serve at all. 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Gautam Badalia: 
Swapnil, at this point in time, it would be premature for us to kind of divulge some of these 
information…… 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global, please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Two questions. First about one, in last quarter we announced large e-commerce client deal and 
in that you broadly indicated India is roughly half, half is from around 8-9 countries outside of 
India. So, can you provide some update? I think partly you touch upon, but if you can provide 
more clarity on it? Second question is now if let's say one look at it, some of the challenges 
which we face in Q3, Q4, or maybe Q3 particularly. Now it has some implication in Q4, some 
kind of a quarter kind of delay in one large deal. So, base effect is supportive for FY25 growth 
trajectory plus some of the extent which you highlighted in terms of new product growth what 
we are witnessing. Do we expect our FY25 growth trajectory will be much better than what you 
might have anticipated at the end of Q2, if you can provide qualitative comment around it? 
Thanks. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
As I said, the Vodafone deal plus all these new, I think we got a new large e-commerce giant 
based out of Asia. I think that is also a big deal for us right now. There are lots of banks we are 
working right now. There is definitely this large e-commerce company for 9 countries which 
will come. Vodafone deal plus the synergy between TeleSign, Route Mobile and the Proximus, 
we'll definitely add much, much higher revenue potential for the next financial year. Right now, 
we might not be able to give any kind of guidance. We are still at very early stages, but definitely 
we see a huge growth and potential of this partnership in the next financial year. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
I understand qualitative 25, just want the update on this deal or you said there is some delay 
even in the e-commerce kind of client? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
First of all, the entire system was frozen in the month of December, now in January they all are 
back, and we started the communication to start doing testing and I think the testing is over. 
Maybe we will start getting traffic very soon. It will start country by country not just all 
countries together. So, it's a process at their end which may take some time, but even one 
country adding to our platform, as I said, even 3 to 4 countries we start within this quarter may 
lead to about $3 to $4 million additional revenue to our portfolio. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understood, so broadly this will be fully ramp up somewhere in Q1. That is right 
understanding? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Yes, Q1 next year, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Ronak Chheda: 
Couple of questions. One is on this global scenario, just going back to this ILDs, what we've seen 
in the quarter and what we've seen that the fungible volumes have been racked up not just for 
India, but globally. So, now when you're thinking about, let's say, 2-3 years down the line as a 
CPaaS business of the entire group entity, how do you see the competitive intensity? And in 
your view, do we see this as a structural trend where the volumes will keep on coming down 
on the ILD, it is not just in India, but in all the markets where we operate, where the fungible 
volumes will shift to other platforms? Just your thoughts on this? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
As a platform company, we have all the channels available between our offering and the 
customer is looking out to change from platform A to platform B. Everything is possible from 
our end, but as far as the messaging trend is concerned, there is a huge adoption in the growth 
in the SMS side also. From the ILD business, we have not seen that kind of de-growth. It was 
just one time, I think most of the OTT players, they wanted to reduce the cost for those 
particular months and that is a threat we have seen. And as far as I know, there are markets 
where prices are almost 25 cents, and still all the OTT players are using those countries and 
networks and paying that much amount. So, I don't think there's any change we can see, but 
there is definitely different channels that may be used by these OTT players to have OTP for 
one channel and primary promotion for the other channel. That is possible, but it all depends 
on the regulatory matters also because the various regulatory aspects are linked to this kind of 
traffic to be terminated within the country. 
Ronak Chheda: 
And just an extension to this question there, for the Vodafone deal, we have certain business 
assumptions baked in, right? And there is some commitment also. So, just if the channel 
changes or shifts, the OTT player shifts between the channels. Do you see a risk to the $100 
million business annual run rate that we've baked in? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
No, that is the minimum we have baked in, and the potential is much higher. Considering all 
the parameters, we believe that 100 million minimum we can achieve out of that. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Understood. On the MNO side, we had certain deals in pipeline on the firewall side of the 
business. And you had mentioned in the call that we were hoping to sign, but we don't see 
that. So, just an update there. Is this delayed or are we out of the discussion? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Maybe we will announce something in this quarter that also got delayed because of the 
network freeze in various countries due to last month. So, we might get some kind of 
announcement in this quarter for our firewall win. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Understood. And lastly, on this competition globally, how is the pricing right now because 
we've seen some pressure on the margins as well. So, how is the pricing and how is the 
competitive scenario which you are seeing today? 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
As I said, Route Mobile is a unique company based out of India. We are definitely not offering 
one country to all the different companies. We offer multiple countries. And there are very few 
limited numbers of players right now in the market who have this kind of coverage and 
potential. And I think if you see, there are 5 or 6 companies only who serve the customers for 
global domination and we are one of them. And if there is a pricing challenge but there isn't, 
what I see normally is a channel shift and we see lots of use cases for WhatsApp and lots of use 
cases for RCS. These are all new use cases, and that's the potential we see from CPaaS industry 
because the growth on RCS and WhatsApp are totally new use cases, which is not somehow 
killing the SMS volume as such, because the two-way communication, the conversational chat, 
which is a new thing right now, and we see a growth on that as part of the business and it will 
be continued. So, most of the companies, most of the enterprises are now looking out to 
engage their customers with a various mode of communication and RCS and WhatsApp is one 
of them, including SMS right now. So, we are very bullish about the growth of CPaaS and Omni 
channel coming years down the line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
My first question is, is it possible to give volume growth in NLD and ILD for the quarter? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Guys, we don't share that level of details right now. India,  the volume growth was around 2%. 
Sarang Sanil: 
My second question is, since there was a guaranteed volume given to Vodafone Idea in the 
firewall deal, so is that part affected or renegotiated as we are planning to go live with a three-
month delay now? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
We cannot share that kind of detail right now. There is definitely an agreement between 
Vodafone idea. We have a certain element, but we may not be able to share on this call. 
Sarang Sanil: 
What are the margin levers going forward? Since RCS, WhatsApp would take, new products 
would take time to scale to the Rs. 400 crores – Rs. 500 crores range, what would be the levers 
in the next couple of years? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
The levers will be just Omnichannel, right? So, e-mail, WhatsApp, RCS, and voice will be the 
levers for the next coming year. And we are fairly placed well and our platforms are working 
well. We are one of the top 5 partners with Google and RCS, and I think we're doing fairly well 
on RCS right now. And on WhatsApp, I think we are now one of the premium partners as well, 
and I think things are going really well for Route Mobile Omni channel. And things are going 
good and we believe that in the coming quarters this will keep on going. 
Sarang Sanil: 
And the final question would be, what is the effect of tax rate for this year and the next couple 
of years? 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, 18% to 20%. 
Sarang Sanil: 
18% to 20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suresh, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Suresh: 
Greetings everybody. Just wanted to understand what the revised guidance is for the current 
year as well as in the past we spoke about a billion-dollar revenue in 2 to 3 years. Has anything 
changed on the long-term outlook both on the margins as well as revenue and what is the 
revised guidance for this and next year, if you may? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, so in terms of guidance, we revised this financial year's guidance from 20%-25% back to 
15%-17% and that's largely to do with the industry tailwinds. Considering some of these large 
contracts which should go live during the course of this quarter, we'll see the full year benefit 
of that play out. And there are, as Rajdip said, some large MNO deals also that we are working 
on which are firewall deals across multiple operators. So, some of these things, I think, will help 
us accelerate. And then for next year, I think the way as somebody had kind of highlighted the 
base effect, I think next year we're looking at a very strong year from a growth standpoint. And 
on the billion-dollar revenue over 3 to 4 years, I think that stands valid even today and 
especially with this Proximus deal, we believe it will open a lot of avenues across the developed 
markets, which will be a catalyst to drive the core business. 
Suresh: 
Thanks for that. In one of the television interviews Rajdip mentioned that combined entities, 
TeleSign and Route Mobile targeting a $2 billion revenue in next 3-4 years. I know this model 
is probably evaluated to both organizations, but want to check if that's still going forward? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
That is still intact. I think if you see the combined revenue of both the companies is over $1 
billion already. So, we definitely stick to that $2 billion and we believe we can overachieve also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Rajdipkumar Gupta for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for joining this call. And we're looking forward to the strong 
quarter of this one and we are working very hard to get more contracts and at least to work on 
our existing contract to go live. Thank you for joining this call. Thank you. 
C> routemobile 
comml>llka11ons1mp1,ned 
