ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 
Regd. Office: ASTRA Towers, Survey No. 1 2(P), Kothaguda Post 
Kondapur, HITEC City, Hyderabad, Telangana, INDIA - 500084 
Tel : +91 4046618000, 46618001. Fax: +91 4046618048 
Email : mktg@astramwp.com . website : www.astramwp.com  
CIN: L29309TG1 991 PLCO1 3203 
February 14, 2024 
To 
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Relations 
BSE Limited 
Sir Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai -400 001 
Scrip code: 532493 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Conference call transcript. 
To 
The Vice President, 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip code: ASTRAMICRO 
We are sending herewith Conference call transcript held with analysts on 
9th February, 2024. 
The above information is also made available on the Company's website 
www.astramwp.com . 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Astra Microwave Products Ltd 
T.Anjaneyulu 
G.M - Company Secretary 
An ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and ISO 27001 Certified Company 
Works: 
Unit 1: Plot No. 12. ANRICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram. Medak Dist.. Tlangana - 502325 
Unit 2: Plot No. 56A, AN RICH Industrial Estate, Bollaram, Medak Dist.. Telangana - 502325 
Unit 3: Sy. No. 1/1. lmarath Kancha. Raviryala (V). Maheshwaram (Mdl) R.R.Dist.. Telangana - 501 510 
Unit 4: Sy. No. 1/1, Plot No. 18 to 21. lmarath Kancha, Hardware Park, Raviryala (V). Maheswaram (M). R.R.Dist. Telangana - 501 510 
Unit 7: Sy. No.114/1. Plot No. S-2/9 & 10, E-City. Raviryala & Srinagar (V). Maheswaram (M), R.R.District. Telangana -501359 
R&D Centre: Plot No. 51 (P),  Bangalore Aerospace Park, Singanahalli Village. Budigere Post, Bangalore North Taluk, Karnataka -562149 
SIGN
THALLAPALLI 
ANJANEYULU
Digitally signed by 
THALLAPALLI 
ANJANEYULU 
Date: 2024.02.14 
18:55:28 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Astra Microwave Products Limited Q3 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th February 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. G. REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASTRA 
MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED  
DR. M.V. REDDY – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ASTRA MICROWAVE PRODUCTS LIMITED 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
MR. ATIM KABRA – DIRECTOR - STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – ASTRA MICROWAVE 
PRODUCTS LIMITED 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Astra Microwave Product Limited Q3 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. G. Reddy, Managing Director. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you, Sagar, and good afternoon everyone. A warm welcome to all the participants for 
the post-results earning call of our company.  
I am with my colleague, Mr. M V Reddy and Mr. Atim Kabra and SGA – our Investor 
Relations Advisors. The “Results” and “Investor Presentation” for Q3 and 9 months ended are 
uploaded on our company website and Stock Exchanges. I hope you had an opportunity to look 
at it.  
To begin with, I would like to take out a minute and talk about macro industry level trends: 
As we all have witnessed that there has been a remarkable upward trend in the defense industry 
which is fueled by the heightened government spending. the prevailing geopolitical 
environment and the commitment to fostering self-reliance and increasing exports has become 
the major driving force behind this growth.  
Correspondingly, the Union Budget presented by the finance minister last week allocated 13% 
of the budgeting amounting to about Rs. 6.21 trillion to the Ministry of Defense for the fiscal 
24-25. This is the highest budget allocation among all the ministries showcasing the 
importance placed by the government on strengthening our nation's defense capabilities.  
This further generates multitude of new projects to equip armed forces with the cutting-edge 
and sophisticated technology, lethal weapons, fighter aircraft, ships, platforms, unmanned 
aerial vehicles, drones and other specialist vehicles and also to upgrade and modernize  the 
existing aircraft. Further, DRDO is lending extensive support to the industry to make India a 
net defense exporter. The transfer of technology is a key initiative in this direction.  
In this backdrop, Astra is strategically positioned to capture a large pie of this growing 
opportunity. Our organization is equipped with capabilities, deep domain expertise, years of 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
invaluable experience and an unwavering commitment to research and development coupled 
with our robust strategic framework. We are in a position at an advantage to explore and excel 
in the emerging opportunities.  
To get into the specifics during the Quarter: 
I am pleased to share with you that we have reported a good set of numbers for the quarter 
with the highest quarterly EBITDA and PAT. Our top line stood at about 230 crores with a 5% 
year-on-year growth as indicated in our previous guidance. Additionally, EBITDA margins 
came in at a healthy 29.1% and PAT margins surged up to 18.3%.  
During the quarter, our domestic business contributed about 80% of the top line. Further, 
within the domestic business, defense has contributed to 72% of the top line. As a result, we 
have seen the surge in gross margins flowing through EBITDA margins.  
Coming to our Order Book: 
Our order wins continued to be healthy. We have booked about 256 crores worth of orders 
during the quarter, with the overall order book standing at 1,813 crores, implying book to bill 
at 2.24x. I wish to inform you that during the quarter, the company has responded to RFPs 
worth about 155 crores and expects to book about 200 plus crores of orders in Q4. With this, 
we should be able to achieve and surpass our order book guidance for the year. 
In terms of the Sales: 
We should be able to achieve around 860 to 890 crores for the whole year as against the target 
of 900 plus crores. However, we should be able to cross the bottom line target in terms of the 
PBT.  
We are happy to inform you that we have a significant contribution in Akash-NG, which was 
successfully testified during the quota. This has the potential to give a steady revenue for the 
company in the coming future.  
We are also happy to inform you that the company has decided to further expand its business 
and space segment by foraying into satellite integration, testing and launch its own next 
satellite in the next couple of years. Facilities for the same will be built at our existing 
Bangalore unit and we have budgeted to spend about 40 crores in the next 3 years.  
For the coming year, we target to achieve about 1300 crores of order booking, a top line in the 
range of about 1,000 to 1,100 crores, with a PBT in the range of 16 to 18%.  
With these remarks, now I hand it over to my colleague Mr. M. V. Reddy to share his thoughts 
and later on to Mr. Atim Kabra. Thank you.  
M. V. Reddy:  
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
As Mr. S. G. R. had mentioned, our overall performance in Q3 was at par with the guidance 
given in the previous quarter ending call. 
We have booked 256 crores worth of orders in the last quarter, that is Q3, which constitutes 
161 crores from the domestic segment and 95 crores export orders. In the domestic market, we 
backed 136 crores from radar, which is our main focus area, 16 crores from EW and Defense 
Communications segment and 9 crores from space and metrology sector.  
 
Also pleased to inform you that we won close to 66 crores worth of development contracts 
from various DRDO and ISRO labs. Overall, we have booked 830 crores in FY '24 as of 31st 
December and that results to be close to the 1,813 Crores as a total overall order book as of 
31st December and expect to book a minimum of 230 crores less in the current quarter. We 
have bright visibility to book 1,300 crores worth of orders in FY '25. Majority of them are 
production orders from domestic segment.  
 
As regard to sales, except couple of R&D projects which we slipped out of production in last 
quarter, we have ramped up our domestic sales and will further get improved in coming 
quarters to achieve 1,000 crores plus landmark in FY '25.  
 
We are also delighted to inform you that our JV company, ARC has recorded splendid 
performance both in terms of order book as well as sales. With 395 crores orders booked in the 
current year, ARC has a backlog of 547 crores as on 31st December 23. Also we could register 
sales of 150 crores in 9 months period and planning to book 92 crores revenue in Q4. And we 
have clear visibility to book 900 crores plus orders in next three quarters.  
 
Going forward we have a very good visibility to maintain sustainable growth with the 
opportunities emerging in the domain of our operations.  
 
That's all from my side. Would like to be happy to answer your questions. Now I will hand it 
over to Mr. Atim Kabra to share his thoughts. Thank you.  
Atim Kabra: 
Good afternoon everybody. I will start with an observation. The legacy of the Second World 
War which nearly 80 years ago still defines the strategic vision of wars. Though it has been 
seriously rewritten as war is increasingly being shaped by technology and that's where we fit 
in. And within that unmanned and within this overall space, the unmanned weapon system, 
they have changed the very paradigm of how wars were fought. With the new unmanned 
weapon systems being very cheap and highly effective, with delivery mechanisms ranging 
from the vehicles to the sky, to the sea, and they allow not only real-time intelligence but also 
adjustments to fire around the clock without pause with high precision while striking both in 
the front line as well as behind the enemy line.  
 
Now if I combine this capability with digital field creation, radio electronics, environmental 
control and cyber offense, basically technology driven war is reinforcing superiority over 
traditional ways of warfare.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
In our opinion, therefore, countering these unmanned systems will be a big opportunity on a 
global scale. And Astra is very hopeful of demonstrating its first anti-drone system next 
quarter. We are taking a systems integrated approach here with skill features being 
incorporated, with skill features being incorporated, I would say around our main capability, 
which is identifying and tracking base radar. Work is already on within the company for the 
next version of the anti-drone systems with much upgraded feature sets. So, we hope that this 
capability will be a big driver for us for going forward.  
 
Beyond the skies, as S. G. mentioned, we expect space to be equally critical in times of wars as 
well as in times of peace. Communication payloads, signal controls, reconnaissance 
capabilities, high-end optics, hyper spectral cameras, they will all find uses in agriculture, 
Internet penetration on a wider scale, effective communications, remote sensing as well as 
warfare. So, nano satellites with custom usage to micro and large satellites will be a big market 
at scale.  
 
As S. G. mentioned, I am glad to share that Astra's Board has decided to focus on satellite 
space in a significant manner. As you are already aware, Astra has a sizable order book in the 
space segment, and we have been providing a significant portion of the communication 
systems used in our three satellites.  
 
We intend to offer complete satellite systems right from, hopefully, the design capability to 
satellite bus, to the command, control, preloads, all under one group. And as we see, we are 
being joined by senior experienced professionals who have been involved in satellite building 
since long. We intend partnering with companies, both local and overseas, offering 
supplementary skill sets and intent being a one-stop shop for all things satellite.  
 
Towards this, budgets have been allocated and a new 100% owned subsidiary has been 
incorporated as space technology is limited. We expect this new business line to start 
contributing to our numbers in a span of two years plus. We will share more as the plans are to 
fly further. We, personally speaking, are all very excited by the growth prospects and our 
ability to be a significant player in space, building on top of our capabilities.  
 
We keep testing upon a few other initiatives, taking concrete space with a concrete shape at 
this point in time. We have identified a few potential acquisitions that will fill the gaps in our 
skill portfolio and augment our capability to emerge as a systems entity. We hope to 
complement the first such transaction over the next few months. So, please look at this space 
for some more news on this area.  
 
The other area for growth where we intend to build up significantly on our core capabilities is 
our in-house MMIC division. As we are well aware, Astra is one of the few companies that has 
in-house MMIC design capabilities, which have helped us innovate and build newer products 
with newer and different form factors. We intend to scale up this business line significantly in 
the global marketplace by leveraging our MMIC design capabilities.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
We are also evaluating our various ongoing next generation initiatives in line with their 
CAPEX requirements and the timeline needed to translate the effort into meaningful numbers 
that can positively impact our bottom line. And this is an ongoing process, but it has taken 
slightly more vigorous shape at this point in time. Efforts are being made to look at these 
programs where the bottom line, in fact, can be very tangible in a defined time frame and 
prioritize a few programs while others will see a pushback unless we can quantify their impact 
on our profitability in a defined time frame. 
 
Lastly, all this vision and growth as exhibited in the numbers will not be possible without the 
wholesome participation of the entire Astra family. Efforts are being devoted towards training 
our workforce, upskilling them, equipping them with newer skillsets and ensuring that Astra 
becomes a place where the professional vision of our employees finds fulfillment in an 
environment that challenges the employees to reach newer heights and also provides them the 
platform to deliver on them. 
We can address these issues in detail as we go about, but happy to hand it over to back to the 
floor.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have two questions. The first one is on the EBITDA margin in this quarter. So, if I look at 
EBITDA margin, it is very healthy, possibly the highest EBITDA margin ever. Now it has a 
very low proportion of exports, only at 20% and of course, the space execution has picked up 
significantly in this quarter. So, just wanted to get an understanding of what is the proportion 
of exports is that we can expect in FY '25. Will it be closer to 20, 30 or I mean, higher than 
that, and also the space execution if you could highlight? That is the first question.  
 
I have the second question. I can ask it together. So, in the last call, you indicated that, you 
know, the final trials of SDR are scheduled in January and February. So, just wanted to get an 
update on that. These are the two questions.  
Management: 
SDR. I think the final trials of SDR are pushed to June, July, but things are moving positively. 
Coming back to the first question, in terms of the proportion of export sales in the next year 
projections, I think export sales will be close to about 20% to 25%. 
Amit Dixit: 
So, that means this kind of margin that we have made this quarter 28 and 28.5 or something, 
that margin could be maintained, or we should expect it to come down a bit?  
Management: 
We should be able to maintain in a one-year cycle. Quarter-on-quarter, I do not want to 
comment, but we should be able to maintain this on a yearly basis.  
Amit Dixit: 
No, I am asking only on a yearly basis. So, we should be able to maintain.  
Management: 
Yes, we should be able to maintain. Yes. 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
Sir, just wanted to know on the Sukhoi upgrade, what is the status and how, yes, just wanted to 
know that. The question is on the Sukhoi MKI upgrade, what is the status of the government 
and again, how many players are competing for that?  
Management: 
In fact, the status is the same like what we mentioned in the earning call that the upgrades, you 
know, the DRDO is planning to upgrade both radar and EW suit. Towards that they started 
releasing some subsystems in EW suit and whereas radar they are ready to finalize the 
configuration. Hopefully, they finalize in the next couple of months’ time frame and once they 
get this thing, probably they will start floating tenders.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
But sir, has the radar supplier been confirmed or is it again yet to be decided by the 
government?  
Management: 
So, the information what we have is basically in principle they have given clearance to DRDO 
to build the radar and budget is yet to be allocated I guess, but as such, you know, the 
configuration is being finalized at DRDO. So, not sure exactly how they are proceeding it, but 
as of now DRDO is trying to build the radar and they will try to identify industry partner to do 
that.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
And how many players do you think would be competing on this and will this be a transfer of 
technology, or will it be just a showcase of technology for players?  
Management: 
I said you know this is too early to comment on that and unless they finalize the configuration, 
we cannot comment on this. As far as the industry is concerned, as you know, there are about 
two to three industries in this race and more may come. It all depends on what kind of 
configuration DRDO finalizes.  
Niraj Mansingka: 
And last question on the timeline. Any thoughts of yours when it should be decided by the 
government? Any timeline thoughts you have that when the government should be deciding or 
when do you think is the ultimate timeline decision should be made? 
Management: 
We don't have any information on this.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Santanu Chatterjee from Mount Intra Finance Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Santanu Chatterjee: 
My first question is on, sir, major opportunities on your different platforms which you have 
already depicted in your quarter 2 presentation, but strangely this time around that in this latest 
presentation it is missing. In different platforms you have depicted in FY '24 major opportunity 
size is more or less 4,000 crore. 2,060 crore is from radar segment and 2,000 crore from the 
system itself. Can you explain, sir, or can you give some kind of guidance that what is the 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
present status of those orders or when this kind of opportunities from different platforms get 
converted into the form orders?  
Management: 
Yes, there are various platforms which we indicated in the presentation. I am not sure whether 
it was included or not this time, but you know, it is the same as the last quarter, not much of 
change. We have our presence in Uttam, which is going for production. As you know, HAL is 
producing radars. 50% of the quantity we have marked for the indigenous version that is Uttam 
wherein we are supplying AAAU.  
 
And then second is the upgradation or LCA Mark 1. That is LCA Mark 2 also DRDO is 
planning to go for radar. In that also, we are likely to compete with other players. As one 
gentleman mentioned, about Su-30 is also coming out in near future wherein we have to 
compete with other industry players for the radar and EW segments. And in LCA Mark 1, we 
are also there in ASPJ pod jammer wherein we are the only source as of now for that pod unit. 
In that, we are supplying AATRU.  
 
And other platforms like AWC, which we have mentioned, AWC, which you know two 
programs have been sanctioned. One is called Mark 2 and another one is Mark 1A. We are 
there in both the platforms, we supplied originally the sub-systems for Mark 1 about 5 years 
back. Now Mark 1 is also being sanctioned. So, we are likely to expect a good amount of 
business from that.  
 
Similarly Mark 2, DRDO is finalizing the configuration soon. So, there we have a competition. 
We have to compete with other players. It all depends like, you know, how these tenders get 
results. But otherwise, we have good opportunities for us to work on this domain.  
 
And in the ground segment, we have various platforms like weapon locating radar and also 
TLR, which is a radar for the Akash version. And also, we are working for like QSM, and then 
other major programs called like you know, Akash-NG. These are all other programs which we 
have been supporting BEL.  
 
Then coming to the missile platforms, we are there in Akash and then Akash-NG as well as 
Akash Prime, then Astra missile and also in QSM, Akash-NG missile. In all these missiles we 
have subsystems. And as far as EW is concerned, we are there in more or less in, you know, 
many platforms which BEL is being produced like Shakti, Himshakti, Dharashakti, Varuna. 
All these platforms we have been supplying subsystems. And yes, that's all. These are the 
major programs in the defense sector.  
 
In space, we have our products for RSH which are in production right now. And we are 
expecting repeats for similar payloads in the near future. And apart from that, we are building 
our own satellite, you know, payloads as well as in the satellites to address this particular 
market segment.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
And in metrology, we supply automatic weather station and as well as remote terminals. These 
are all major projects which we have been supplying to IMD and all. The other one which we 
have not covered is Doppler weather radar, which we supplied to IMD and also ISRO. We are 
working in various frequency bands. So, far more than 15 have been installed and 
commissioned. Yes, these are all some of the major programs which I think we have 
highlighted in last earning call.  
Santanu Chatterjee:  
Thanks a lot for your elaborate information about those programs. But what I am looking for, 
sir, in FY '24, you have given a specific timeline that within FY '24, what kind of major 
opportunities can emerge from those sectors. Like, you have mentioned over there that from 
BEL, Arudhra, medium power radar or from DRDO, long-range radar, LRSM radar. And as 
you have mentioned right now, AEW&C, 11 airborne early warning and control radars. The 
order you have envisaged to the tune of 2,060 crore within FY '24. So, I am actually asking 
that what is the present status and whether you are getting those orders and how much is 
actually convertible into the form orders? 
Management: 
Yes, again it is that 2,000 crores or less. As I mentioned, we are likely to book 1,300 crores 
worth of orders for FY '25 and which covers Arudhra, then AEW&C program and also the 
long range radar, which we are trying to get from DRDO. 
Santanu Chatterjee:  
And another last one. And sir, from system itself, you have also mentioned over there that 
from Indian Armed Forces, you were envisaging a more or less 2,000 crore order in program 
like counter unmanned aerial system. What is the current status of that program, sir?  
Management: 
Yes, as Mr. Atim Kabra had mentioned in the initial remarks that our counter drone radar is 
almost ready, and the internal trials are going on. We are likely to launch this product in the 
next quarter. We have form RFDs, RFIs on hand and most likely by FY '26, we may conclude 
some of the contracts for this particular system.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijit Mitra from Aionios Alpha Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Mitra:  
I have a couple of questions. First of all, regarding the AEW&C Mark 1A, I think next week is 
expected AON. So, what can be the potential order value that you will be bidding for, or will 
this be a straight or this will be like a nomination tender for you? 
Management: 
We don't want to comment at this stage in this forum, Mr. Abhijit. I think, this is a bit 
confidential. So, we wanted to keep this information with us.  
Abhijit Mitra:  
No worries. And 1,300 crores of order inflow guidance for FY '25, you mentioned 3 projects. 
Those 3 projects will be like what 60-70% of the total 1,300 crores or it is like a long tail, or I 
mean? 
Management: 
Yes, actually out of 1,300 crores, close to 1,000 crores from these major programs, defense and 
electronic warfare put together and the rest is from space and metrology sector.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Abhijit Mitra:  
And just to understand the revenue guidance of 1,000 to 1,100 crores, what kind of execution 
are you factoring in, in terms of projects? Which are the major projects which you feel?  
Management: 
Yes, FY '25, as we have given guidance of 1,000 to 1,100 crores, in that the major projects is 
like one is that Arudhra, we have taken one 20% of the contract for the execution and the other 
programs which we already have orders on hand, that contains subsystems for various 
programs and also a few radars like, HiSAR, ADS radar, MRTR, these are all contracts which 
we already received in this current year and then which are in the execution phase.  
 
So, similarly in electronic warfare, we have received close to about 150 crores worth of orders 
which we are going to execute in the next financial year. Similarly in the telemetry missile, 
about 140 crores. In exports front, I think close to 150 crores we are planning to execute in the 
next financial year.  
Abhijit Mitra:  
Sorry, I missed your last statement. In the air force, you mentioned what? Sorry. 
Management: 
Exports 250 crores plus.  
Abhijit Mitra:  
250 crores. Got it. Also, just to understand, you raised money in May and June. So, why have 
interest costs gone up in this quarter?  
Management:  
Basically, you know, you have to look at the break up for that. It is not entirely the expenditure 
incurred on interest. There is another accounting treatment as per the accounting standards. 
The advances received from the customers, if they are outstanding for more than one year, we 
have to make a provisional entry in the books of accounts as interest payable to interest 
payable and advances and credit to a deferred revenue account, which is required as per the 
accounting standards. That entry constitutes about 9 crores out of the 10 crores or 20 crores 
whatever is there. Otherwise, my interest costs for the working capital borrowings should 
actually come down compared to the corresponding quarter of the previous year.  
Abhijit Mitra:  
And the increase that you have applied in the advances because of some slow moving orders 
or?  
Management:  
 No, no. See, there is an accounting standard where if the advances from the customers is 
outstanding beyond 12 months period, then we have to make a notional entry in the books of 
accounts. We have advances received both from the export orders and also a couple of DRDO 
labs and SAC. So, those advances are outstanding for more than one year. Though as per the 
contract we are not liable to pay, as per the accounting standards, it is mandatory. And hence a 
notional entry is booked in the books of accounts.  
Management: 
There will be a reversal eventually.  
Management:  
Reversal as and when the contracts are executed, and the advance is nullified.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Abhijit Mitra:  
And this will be a recurring picture from now on or what kind of provision yearly that you are 
looking for? 9, 10 crores yearly provision or?  
Management:  
It all depends what kind of advances are going to outstanding the books of accounts. We have 
to wait and see.  
Abhijit Mitra:  
Last question. Any supply chain challenges which you are facing now which might impact the 
margin profile or execution next year you feel? 
Management:  
Little bit, little bit are there, one or two critical thoughts, but otherwise, to a large extent, it got 
resolved. 
Abhijit Mitra:  
So, those Gallium Nitride and all those things have not started to materialize in a way which 
could impact? 
Management: 
No, no, there is not any impact. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ketan Gandhi from Gandhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
In opening remarks, you said something about satellite integration. Can you please throw some 
more light on that, exactly what we are planning to do there?  
Management: 
We are building a satellite for the Earth observation satellite, based on a particular 
requirement. And there, in fact, the payloads for that particular satellite is being already made 
by our space unit in Hyderabad. This new facility, which we have initiated in Bangalore, is 
going to be an integration of the complete satellite. So, that addresses the Earth observation 
satellite and also in the future, all kind of a communication satellite we are planning to build in 
that particular facility.  
Ketan Gandhi: 
So, more or less, we will be in the role of system integrator. Is it my understanding right or we 
are into subsystems in there?  
Management: 
We are basically a system integrator, and we are building our own system using our 
subsystems. Whatever payloads we have been developing for ISRO, using that we are trying to 
build our own satellite and we are going to supply it to the users. We are not going to operate, 
and we are not going to emerge as the operator. We are only going to build, against contracts, 
we are going to build satellites.  
Ketan Gandhi: 
And sir, in Akash-NG program, what value addition we are doing? Is it the seeker or some 
kind of microbial subsystems apart from the older version?  
Management: 
See, this Akash-NG seeker is DRDO designed seeker, wherein BEL, I think they are 
manufacturing it. We have components in that, micro components. Apart from that, we have 
one more component which is going to replace the imported transmitter. So, that is one of the 
major subsystems which has flown in the recent trials, and which was testified successfully.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Ketan Gandhi: 
So, we are alone there, right? Nobody, no competition there.  
Management: 
We have one more player, one more player here. As of now, we have one more company is 
there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Abhishek Poddar from HDFC Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
Sir, if you could elaborate more on the LCA Mark 2, whether we will be involved in the design 
phase itself or our role will come later on?  
Management: 
Well, I think DRDO will design the radar and then after that, I think we will start participating 
in that program.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
So, we would get a production order. We would not get a development order. Like that, is it?  
Management: 
Yes, actually the development orders, like, you know, also gets a development contract and get 
production orders.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And we would be competing to even get that development order. So, how many players would 
be there and what are the scope of work that we could be getting?  
Management: 
Right now, I can't comment how many companies are going to compete in this, but yes, 
definitely we have a competitive edge compared to the others, as we have been involved in this 
similar class of radars and all. But beyond that, I am not in a position, I cannot tell you about 
how many companies are going to compete in this.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And sir, there was a big AON which was, you know, DAC had approved in November like it 
was 2.3 lakh crore and there was a new scope which was included, let's say, 97 LCA Mark 1 
probably is new. So, if I look at the presentation in terms of opportunity size, which you had 
shown about 7,000 crores till 2028, shouldn't we assume that that should also increase because 
of the new AONs coming in? How to think about that?  
Management: 
Yes, actually, to be frank, yes, when we are given that figure, overall figure, this 97 was not 
included and this 97, like, you know, it's the additional thing for the 7,000 crores what we have 
mentioned. But at the same time, if you look at some of the programs are likely to get delayed 
beyond FY '28. So, we are taking it as a buffer for that.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And when you share that presentation, you mean that the total potential is 25, where our 
mandate could be 7,000 or so? So, in the presentation, when you are showing the market 
potential for your products till 28, there are two slides, one shows 24,000-25,000 crores as the 
total opportunity and another is 7-7,500 crores. So, your sense there is that the total market size 
would be 25 or so and your wins could be about 7,000 or all.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Management: 
Yes. So, this total addressable market is around 25,000 crores what we indicated and again is 
that, you know, we are likely in that we have mentioned about some of them are 
interoperability in nature and some of them are in limited competition and few of them are in 
open competition. So, in all three categories put together, we have given about 8,000 crores 
around order pipeline, order book for this next four years timeframe.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And sir, in Brahmos, would you be present anywhere like in seekers or transmitters, you 
know?  
Management: 
No, we are not in Brahmos seekers. Only telemetry we are there in Brahmos, which is, of 
course, the quantities are very less as compared to the seekers, but telemetry we have been 
supplying and there is another product called Altimeter, which they were importing all along. 
Now this recently our product has been tested in lab and I think soon they will go for flight 
test. Once it gets approved, I think we will have a good number of Altimeters for future 
production.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And just on the margins, last question for me. Your EBITDA margins are about 29 and PBT is 
about 24. So, when you said next year is 15 to 18, this quarter would have something 
exceptional in 28% EBITDA margin. I missed it if you have already answered it, sorry.  
Management: 
See, you know, these margin movements on quarterly basis is very dynamic. It all depends on 
the specific products that are being executed in that particular quarter. Therefore, on a yearly 
basis, what we have mentioned is about 16 to 18% that PBT levels.  
Abhishek Poddar: 
And that would assume the export mix at 20-25%?  
Management: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Niraj Mansingka from White Pine Investment 
Management. Please go ahead.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
Sir, what role would we be playing in AWACS project for the government?  
Management:  
What is our role in AWACS program?  
Management: 
Well, we supplied, you know, RF and microwave components in the AWC program for the 
primary radar, like TR multimodule unit, antenna beam forming unit. These are all few 
products which we have supplied for the AWACS program in the past. And the next program 
also, you know, we are there in the race.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
Any thoughts on what is the size of that next program and when can it be implemented?  
Management: 
Well, it's not in our hands, though the project was sanctioned long time back and AWC Mark 2 
RFBs will be out soon. I think that's what we expect from DRDO. And then Mark 1A, I think, 
may take another year time frame. 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Niraj Mansingka:  
But, sir, in the AWACS, has the government finalized how many they will make, or it is just 
not clear right now?  
Management: 
No, it's clear that actually Mark 1A, I think, is about six numbers have been cleared and I think 
they are going ahead. 
Niraj Mansingka:  
But that order is not yet out, right?  
Management: 
Orders are not out.  
Niraj Mansingka:  
So, how many players would be competing for that in the AWACS components?  
Management: 
See, let's not get into too much of specifics, but as I said, we are into primary radar 
subsystems, as well as we have few subsystems for the secondary radar. So, overall, our 
contribution in the radar segment would be around 40 to 45%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipulkumar A. Shah from Sumangal 
Investment. Please go ahead.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
So, just one clarification. Our order book is inclusive of our joint venture with Rafael or that 
order is not included in it?  
Management: 
Which order book you are referring? That 1,813 crores which we have mentioned is stand-
alone.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
Yes, it is standalone, or it is inclusive of our joint venture?  
Management: 
Yes, it is standalone.  
Management:  
No, no, it is standalone.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
So, what is the order book of our joint venture with Rafale?  
Management: 
It is about 540 crores for joint venture.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
It is a 50-50 joint venture, right, sir?  
Management: 
Yes.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
And sir, my second question is regarding the BTP versus BTS. So, can you comment on the 
margins in both the segments and what is our revenue share in terms of percentage from both 
segments?  
Management: 
See, in BTS usually this is the main area for our operations where we take the business from 
the users like DRDO and other labs to develop the subsystems and all. So, that is the BTS 

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
which we have been working for the last 30 years right from components to the systems. And 
whereas in BTP, we are taking up these orders to fulfill the offset obligations from the foreign 
players.  
 
And in BTS case, usually our margins depends like competition and also based on the business 
volumes and size of the business. So, usually it operates between we work with 40-45% and 
whereas in BTP, again, we have got two categories in that. One category is where we have a 
more value addition, which includes the debugging of failures and kind of a thing. And the 
other one is pure like assembly and testing area where we have low margins. There value 
addition is less. But in the other category of BTP which we have been working where the 
margins are little higher is about 20-25%.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
So, in our revenue share, what should be the percentage of BTS and what should be the 
percentage of BTP?  
Management: 
Now, actually, this next year FY '25, as we mentioned, our overall exports would be around 
22-23% around that. And in that, the BTP will be close to 18%.  
Vipulkumar A. Shah: 
So, domestic is 100% BTS?  
Management: 
Yes, domestic is 100% BTS.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Colonel Sarjeet Yadav from Mount Intra 
Finance Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Col. Sarjeet Yadav: 
Just one question, in case you can give some color on the space opportunity. As I understand 
that as of nowadays, one product which is a SAR payload, any other opportunity we see? And 
in how much time do we see it getting commercialized? This is the question, sir.  
Management: 
Well, we are working on that SAR payload. We got technology transfer from ISRO, and we 
are trying to build payload based on the technology. Right now it is in the optimization phase. 
May take two more years for us to build this particular payload and to offer to the radar 
imaging satellite programs.  
Col. Sarjeet Yadav: 
So, any other product in this space segment that which we are targeting, sir? 
Management: 
Yes we have a few clients who are working over this kind of remote sensing satellites. We 
have been discussing with them. So, I think, probably, we are in a position to offer a solution 
to them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
S. G. Reddy: 
Thank you, gentlemen, for your participation, and I look forward to see you again at the end of 
the fourth quarter. Thank you very much.  

 
Astra Microwave Products Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Astra Microwave Products Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
