RP tec 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
04 March, 2024. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Listing Operation Department 
National Stock Exchange of india Limited {NSE} 
BSE Limited 
05"™ Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
20th Floor, Phiroze Jeejecbhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E} 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Mumbal- 460 001 
Subject: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet held on 29" February, 2024 
Ref: RASH! PERIPHERALS LTD (“the Company” } 
Scrip Code: BSE- 544119/ NSE- RPTECH 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule lil of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as 
amended from time to time, enclosed herewith the transcript of the Analysts/Investors Meet held on 
29" February, 2024, for the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
The 
same 
will 
also 
be 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the. 
Company at 
https://www.rptechindia.com/investor 
ae 
: 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and oblige. 
Thank you 
FOR RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
Le 
5 fo 
aN. 
HINAL TEJAS SHAH 
SOX 
(Company Secretary & conse Officer) 
Membership no.- FLO869 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Regd. Office: Aristo House, 5th Floor, 
NS Phadke Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra — 400089, India 
+ Tel: +91-22-6177 1771 
| Fax +91-22-61771999 + www.rptechindia.com 
| CIN: U30007MH1989PLC051039 

 
 
 
“Rashi Peripherals Ltd. Q3FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPAL PANSARI -- MANAGING DIRECTOR, RASHI 
PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH GOENKA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
MR. HIMANSHU KUMAR SHAH –CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER- RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
MR. NAVIN AGARWAL – VICE PRESIDENT (ACCOUNTS & 
FINANCE), RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
MS. HINAL TEJAS SHAH – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rashi Peripherals Limited Q3 FY'24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes. Thanks, Darwin. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q3 FY'24 Results 
Conference Call of Rashi Peripherals. 
We have with us senior management, represented by Mr. Kapal Pansari – Managing Director, 
Mr. Rajesh Goenka, CEO and Mr. Himanshu Shah, CFO. 
Now, I hand over the call to the “Management for Initial Comments on the Quarterly 
Performance as well as Nine Months FY'24 Results,” then we will open the floor for “Question 
and Answer Session” after the management initial speech. Thanks. And over to you, sir. 
Kapal Pansari: 
Thank you, Aniruddha. Good evening to everyone and thank you for joining in. I am Kapal 
Pansari – Managing Director of Rashi Peripherals. 
Thank you for joining in and it is my pleasure to start our very first Presentation of Rashi 
Peripherals Limited Q3 2024 Results. We had an overwhelming response two weeks ago with 
share subscription demand beyond our expectation and we thank everyone for the confidence 
relayed upon us. 
Now, to begin with our call, I would like to start our first Presentation with a brief “Overview”: 
Rashi Peripherals Limited is one of the leading and the fastest growing national distribution for 
global brands in India for ICT products, in parlance, we call IT products in the country. What 
we have created is that in about 33, 34 years of our operations, we have grown at a CAGR of 
23% for the last 20-years. During this journey, we have also created one of the largest distribution 
networks in the country with presence in 50-cities with service center, with warehouse, with 
sales office and with entire branch operations. 
What is different and unique about us is that we are a 360-Degree approach company which does 
pre-sales, sales, post-sales and warranty solutions, all 360 deg. operations. We work with some 
of the best global technology brands. To name a few like NVIDIA, Intel, AMD, HP, Lenovo, 
ASUS, etc., 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
And today, we are proud to say that we are a distribution company for more than 52 brands 
across this segment. Our product portfolio ranges right from Rs.200 of a pen drive up to artificial 
intelligence machine that cost an average ASP of more than a crore. And we have one-stop-shop 
for all the needs of the IT hardware products. 
Our business is divided into two verticals. One is called Lifestyle and IT Essentials. (LIT) which 
is our tradition and the base of the organization. 
And the second business vertical is Personal Computing, Enterprise & Cloud Solutions, (PES) 
which is far newer where the growth of the organization comes maximum from. 
What is unique also is that with this presence in 50-cities, we cater to more than 680-locations 
across the country, servicing more than 8,400 customers in this geography. 
Our Board of Directors comprises 50% the founding family, Mr. Kishan Choudhary and Keshav 
Choudhary along with Suresh Pansari and myself, Kapal Pansari. And 50% of the board is 
comprised of independent directors, Mr. Dandiwala, Mr. Anand Ladsariya, Mr. Drusthi Desai 
and Mr. Prasad Mamidanna, who have rich experience in the field of law, management accounts 
and operations. 
Our key management personnel, Mr. Rajesh Goenka, who is the CEO, is here with us for more 
than 20-years in the organization, Himanshu – our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Navin Agarwal 
– Vice President (Accounts & Finance), followed by Hinal – our Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer, our auditors are Deloitte and Pipara as joint auditors, and we own a credit 
rating of ‘A' with a positive outlook from CRISIL. 
I now hand over to Rajesh Goenka, our CEO to take us through the Business Highlights and 
about the Organization Forward. 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Thank you, Kapal. So, this is Rajesh Goenka – CEO at Rashi Peripherals. I am with the Company 
for more than now 20-years. 
We continue to lead the momentum and not only the leading, but also the fastest growing 
distribution company in India in the ICT space. And as Kapal mentioned, I think our core success 
story goes beyond our reach. Currently, we are physically present in 50-cities through which we 
bill in 680-towns of India. That's the kind of penetration we have. And this is duly supported by 
our business relationship with 52 top global marquee brands, some of the names, Kapal also 
mentioned. 
And here I also I want to highlight specifically one of our core strengths. Rashi Peripherals has 
a very unique proposition of more than 10,000 products, starting from a Rs.400 pen drive to an 
artificial intelligence machine which costs more than a crore rupee. All this is ably supported by 
our ERP infrastructure. Again, we were the initial companies in the country to implement SAP 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
and right now our entire infrastructure runs on SAP HANA. As a result of this, we have been 
able to consistently deliver good financial performance in last 34 years of our existence. 
Needless to mention here, I want to highlight that our co-founders, Mr. Suresh Pansari and Mr. 
Kishan Choudhary, they are both Chartered Accountants and they started Rashi Peripherals in 
last 34 years. So, we get rich inputs from them, especially in view of their chartered accountancy 
background. 
As a result of this, friends, we have been winning awards virtually every month of this year. We 
won the “Var India's best Value-Added Distributor Award in 2023.” Also, I am very happy to 
share that we recently won the “Samsung Knox Global Award for Asia-Pacific and Europe.” 
And similarly, we won some awards from eBilling, Optoma, Intel and so many other companies. 
Coming to the topic of current business, while we just went for IPO on 14th, it is just 15-days, 
so not too many things to speak, but I would like to summarize in a few points: We have delivered 
a very good consistent double-digit growth both in three months-to-three months and nine 
months-to-nine months. Our nine months-to-nine months growth is 12% and Q3-to-Q3 revenue 
growth is 21%. In the last few months, we have added new brands and verticals namely, 
Viewsonic and Any Desk, one is more hardware, another is more software and services which 
we have started recently. 
We have added some new product categories like Samsung Gaming Monitors. We are now in 
Samsung Gaming Monitors distribution, and I am also happy to share with you that we have 
now started promoting Google Pixel Watch in India, which you can see it available across the 
country. 
Further, as the business grows, we continue to innovate. We continue to expand our 
infrastructure. Currently, we have all now implemented CRM across west India, which means 
that all our sales people, more than 150 sales people in West India, they have all the data live on 
their palm. So, it's a SAP CRM that we have implemented and next few quarters we will keep 
on expanding to other regions. 
CSR and Environment is very core to our heart organization philosophy. So, all our 50 branches 
are e-waste collection centers. Anyone and everyone can walk in at any of our 50-branch offices 
and he can give e-waste may not be brought from Rashi or anywhere else, it can be any e-waste. 
Currently, as we speak, we have already collected some 600 Kgs of e-waste and this drive 
continues. 
So, that is all I wanted to speak on the business side. Over to our CFO. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Hi. Good evening, friends. This is Himanshu Shah – CFO of Rashi Peripherals Limited. I would 
like to start with the “Financial Highlights of the Quarter December” which we have just 
declared today. 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
On a quarter-on-quarter basis as compared to Q3'23, on operating revenue we have grown by 
21% and on nine months-to-nine months basis, we have grown by 12%. 
On EBITDA and PAT on three months basis quarter-to-quarter, EBITDA has grown by 3.35% 
and PAT has declined by 11.26%. All of this is impact of the revenue nature of one of our 
subsidiaries which is quantum wise and significant but the revenue swings there on either side, 
so the impact is that, otherwise on standalone basis on nine months month consolidated basis 
PAT has grown by 2.44% as compared to nine months of the corresponding previous period. 
EBITDA again on nine months-to-nine-month basis has grown by 15.48% and revenue has 
grown by 12.47% on nine months-to-nine months basis. 
Coming back to standalone because that is the major portion of our results: 
Operating revenue has gone up by 17% on a quarter-to-quarter basis on a standalone basis and 
11.8% on nine months-to-nine months basis. EBITDA and PAT stands growing at 20.26% on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis and PAT at 13.61%. On a nine months-to-nine months basis on a 
standalone basis, EBITDA has grown by 15.06% and PAT has grown by 4.75%. 
Our dependency on the top-five vendors on standalone basis remains in the range of 68% to 
70%, improving in the current nine months by little of 2%. 
That is the financial highlights from our side. Now we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first question from the line of 
Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Since this is your maiden call, Kapal, can I request you to please call out the growth drivers that 
we should expect or anticipate in FY'5? 
Kapal S. Pansari: 
I think what we can only mention right now is that our CAGR for the last 20 years average is 
23%, even pre-COVID times also our CAGR has been 20%. So, I think that is a good indication 
of our aspirational numbers. All we can say is that we have a solid business plan and portfolio 
to keep on growing. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Rajesh ji, could you call out, is there any seasonality to the business where 1st Quarter is strong 
and the rest of the quarters are slightly weak? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Absolutely. So, I always say that the September quarter and March quarter, there is always a 
competition between the two because September quarter is an online and consumer quarter and 
March is a commercial corporate quarter. So, sometimes September quarter is higher, sometimes 
March quarter is higher, other two quarters are more or less similar, the lowest quarter happens 
to be October, November, December. So, September quarter and March quarter we see very high 
peaks. 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
From a gross margin perspective, if I look at your 3Q data, the gross margins are quite weak as 
compared YoY. So, could you just call out what is driving that? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Gross margins, it's a factor depending upon the combination of sales as Rajesh ji mentioned, two 
verticals, LIT and PES. So, the combination that the PES takes a growth driver seat, there are 
lesser margins on the PES. However, we ensure that our mix is optimized on an annualized basis 
and nine months-to-nine months will be a little pre-early to judge the trend for the year. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Your OPEX cost on nine months basis has come down significantly. So, is this an optimal OPEX 
cost with the infrastructure that you have built sort of how should we look at what kind of growth 
is possible 
Himanshu Shah: 
So, overall OPEX cost, the major impact if you see on nine months to nine months basis, there 
was a FOREX loss impact in the comparable period which has come down significantly because 
last year the FOREX movement was used and this year currency was little like comparatively 
very stable So, that is one major impact. However, on the business side or the operational side 
of the financials are concerned, our ratios are more or less in the operating range, and we keep 
on driving the economies of volume, getting reflected in the efficiencies of our operations. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Patil: 
My first question is on scope for distribution expansion. We send that we have reached to 50 
cities and catering to about 680 locations. So, I just wanted to understand what is the scope that 
we have for further growth into the distribution network because it seems to be the key driver 
for growth. And also, I presume that the best invest we have kind of a strong contribution coming 
from, but the Eastern region I presume is likely to have lower contribution. So, what are your 
thoughts on the same? And similarly, what is this kind of path that we are likely to follow for 
growth into the non-metro regions? Another thing that I would like to have an answer on is that 
the share of the third player that is Lenovo seems to have reduced a bit. So, could you please 
share some thought on the same? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Nilesh, I will try to answer one-by-one. If I miss a question you can repeat. So, as far as growth 
is concerned, so Rashi Peripherals again, history is that we generally believe 50% organic and 
50% inorganic. So, in the existing businesses, we try to increase our market share. That's our 
first growth engine. The second growth engine is to add some new products and new brands. I 
mentioned Viewsonic Any Desk, Samsung Gaming Monitors, that's part of the second strategy. 
And the third strategy is, can we continue to expand our business beyond the cities? So, right 
now as we speak, we are at about 680-towns. It's a continuous process. We keep on expanding 
more city coverage and same more partner coverage. So, currently we have 8,400 partners or 
customers. So, a mixture of these three has enabled us to sustain our growth momentum and we 
are very confident to sustain. So, that's the first answer. The second is, as far as the region is 
concerned, the good thing with Rashi Peripherals is, we are equally balanced in all the four 
regions of India. First and foremost, I want to clarify to everyone that at Rashi Peripherals, we 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
do not have a regional structure. Every state is a region. So, in Rashi, we have 21 regions. 
Northeast being the one region. And that's one of the reasons that we are able to do very high 
level of focus and that's another reason that our penetration in terms of partner coverage product 
is far higher. But to answer your specific question, even if I do reverse calculation and do 
between Southeast, Northwest, we are equally balanced in all the four regions proportionate to 
the business opportunity. Typically East, the business size or the IT demand is roughly about 
12% and Rashi business is also around 12%, 13% even in the east. So, we are at par Pan-India 
depending on the demand and consumption of the IT products and solutions. What was your 
third question if you can repeat so that I don't - 
Nilesh Patil: 
My question was about the share of Lenovo. 
Rajesh Goenka: 
So, what has happened is post-COVID, all PC brands growth has little bit slowed down, whereas 
other businesses the growth trajectory is higher. So, relatively, there is a gap, but things are 
turning around and in the coming quarters you will see that we will be back on track even with 
Lenovo. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Another question that I had is that you have entered into new products into this quarter. So, just 
wanted to understand what kind of opportunities these products do have? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
So, this is just the beginning and when it is the beginning, then obviously, the size and scale is 
very small. But as we progress, we are hoping that the opportunity will be big. But a simple 
answer for understanding is I mentioned Samsung Gaming Monitors. So, you can understand 
the gaming industry in India is growing rapidly. Second, I mentioned about Viewsonic, LMD 
right now on highways and every office and corporate, we see large format displays. Again that 
demand in India is shooting up. So, we wish to become a substantial player very soon. 
Nilesh Patil: 
My last question is you mentioned about 23% revenue CAGR for the last 20-years. So, is it fair 
to assume that we will continue to outpace that number going forward for FY'25? 
Kapal S. Pansari: 
So, this is Kapal Pansari. I would like to take this question. If you look at historically, we have 
grown at 23% CAGR for 20-years. Recently, during the COVID period, the IT demand for work-
from-home, learn-from-home zoomed substantially to grow by almost 25% year-over-year. So, 
in two years, the IT market overall grew from an average of about 10 million units of PCs to 
about 14.5 to 15 million units of PCs. Obviously, with such high growth and market opening up, 
there is some balance and correction in the market because these growths are not sustainable for 
the industry. And therefore, if you look at 2023 numbers of IT industry has degrown by about 
20%. Despite the degrowth, if you look at our financials that we have grown during these two 
periods by about 50%, which is twice the growth of the market, and in a year of degrowth by 
about 20%, we have maintained our revenues. So, our endeavor is always to outpace the market 
growth in the organization, point #1. Point #2, in the last six months, we have seen that the uptick 
and the demand for PC and IT products has picked up momentum and will continue. I think the 
bad days for the IT industry are over and the refresh cycle for PCs that were bought during the 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
COVID will now start coming back into the market. And therefore, this growth will take some 
time to catch up to the same trajectory, but that is only market-driven. So, we cannot predict how 
fast the market will catch up or how slowly will this continue to persist. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, this first up, I think the IPO proceeds that we would have got about Rs.326 crores, we were 
planning to repay the debt. So, have that been repaid and what is the outlook on the interest cost 
going forward now? 
Himanshu Shah: 
The first answer is we have repaid the Rs.326 crores worth of debt as projected in our object 
clause and like our entire debt was in the form of working capital limits from banks which were 
at an interest rate of averaging around 8.25% to 8.5%. So, we'll be saving interest portion on that 
front. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, annually we might save about 27, 28 crores, right? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Yes, so after tax will be the impact, little less 25%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I am talking about the interest cost that. This would have happened somewhere around mid-Feb, 
right, sir? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Yes, so we have repaid it like later part of the last week. 
Deepak Poddar: 
20% to 25%? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I think in one of the earlier participants you mentioned that whatever CAGR we have seen in 
last 20 years of 23%, that is the aspiration going forward as well in terms of CAGR, right? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Yes, but Kapal also explained that two COVID years, there was a very high demand, then post-
COVID one year the demand was minus, but we have still doubled our growth as compared to 
market, and currently the market is in the reviving stage, so for that nine months we are right 
now at about 12%. So, you can see things are improving. 
Deepak Poddar: 
In terms of the kind of business we are in, in terms of distribution, so what's the margin range 
that we aspire for or would want to see as a steady state basis irrespective of the product mix or 
how do we see that? 
Himanshu Shah: 
This industry is of very matured margins and EBITDA level is more relevant for our industry 
and we expect around 2.5% to 2.7% of EBITDA in a longer run perspective. Shorter run as I 
mentioned, the GP again is a factor of mix of sales and adding new verticals and all. So, those 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
will give a range of deviation but not that very significant to have an impact on financials either 
side. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, on steady state 2.7% would be EBITDA margin we generally look at, right? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But generally the kind of business we are in, it's more of a volume game, right, I mean you we 
want to increase your brands and kind of scale up your revenue. So, that's how I mean maybe 
some of your peers in this industry or in this distribution business would have scaled up. So, 
what are our strategies to kind of scale up our revenue over the next five years? I mean some of 
the drivers you mentioned were inorganic as well as organic and you want to expand 
geographically or expand partners. So, just wanted to know in more details these points that you 
highlighted? 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, thank you, Deepak ji. Our business, as you rightly mentioned, it is a working capital-driven 
organization. And the way this business works is that in distribution, we rely on our creditors to 
supply us on credit and they evaluate our books stringently, our performances, etc., to assign a 
credit limit based on that. The second component, while we buy them goods on credit, we hold 
inventory across the geographies of 50-locations in 62 to 63 warehouses and then we sell to the 
customers on credit. Please remember that I mentioned that Rashi Peripherals is a B2B 
organization, and we have mapped credit facility of all our customers. So, almost 99-plus 
percentage of our businesses usually happens on credit. This entire cycle translates to a net 
working capital, cycle of inventory and debtors minus our creditors. Over our 33 years of history, 
the net worth of the organization was built based on profits flowing back into the organization. 
There has never been a history to raise capital in any form. Two weeks ago was our first event 
of capital infusion by way of IPO where our network has almost doubled. Apart from this 
network that is deployed in the working capital, we use debt prudently to grow the business and 
to infuse higher growth. While we do this debt, our debt-equity ratio prior to the capital infusion 
was around 1.5x. And this debt payment enables us to grow our equity base and leverage in the 
future for growth of the organization. So, Himanshu, what is our working capital cycle for the 
organization? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Six to seven times in a year, so 54 days. 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, Deepak ji, when I say that 54 days is our working capital cycle, that means on every capital 
deployed, we are able to rotate that same capital six to seven times in an annual basis. So, with 
the current capital infusion, you can estimate the potential of the organization that we can grow 
upon. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Absolutely, absolutely. I mean I think from 600 crores, 326 crores you would have repaid, so 
220-230 crores is what you would be infusing around in the working capital and if I multiply by 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
7 times, so ideally, 1,400, 1,500 crores kind of incremental business that it can generate, right, 
in a particular annual year? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Reasonably. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But in terms of peers, I mean, do we look upon for someone, I mean is Redington the kind of 
growth that they have seen we want to also follow the same suit in our division in our segment 
and would like to reach that kind of scale or this market is a little different and those kind of 
skills are not possible for us to achieve? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Rashi Peripherals is more niche into more run rate business; more consumer and commercial 
business and we are less into enterprise business where large back-to-back deals happen. So, we 
are not yet there. So, imagining, very, very big revenues could be a long distant dream. But as 
we are repeating again and again that last 20 years, our CAGR has been 23% and last year we 
did 9,300 crores of revenue. So, you can estimate the growth momentum that we will have in 
the coming years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
If I have to see your historical numbers, I see that the 1st Quarter of FY'24 saw a big jump in 
your EBITDA margins as well as in your profits, bottom line. So, what was the reason for that? 
I think what I see is that 3.7% EBITDA margin with Rs.50 crores of PAT if I derive the number 
from the data you have given? 
Himanshu Shah: 
So, again, it's a factor of sales mix and the operational efficiencies, they're in the volumes if ISP 
products are sold more and it gives operational efficiency also more. 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, to give you a further perspective about how do you should see our margins is that last year 
in FY'22-23, our Q1 usually contributes to about 25% of the business followed by Q2, which 
ranges about 30% to 32% of the business, Q3 is the lowest at about 20% of the business and the 
remaining obviously in the Q4 number that we achieved. Now, during these periods, Q1 is 
normally the business as usual, Q2 is dependent heavily on the large format retail and online 
businesses because of this festive period sales on online is higher where online sales our margins 
are a few percentage lower. On Q4 basis, which is the second largest or the largest, what Rajesh 
mentioned that there's a fight between these two quarters, our Q4 is usually the corporate 
business and the larger businesses due to IT budgets, due to depreciation advantages, there are 
certain investments on the IT front where these margins get balanced off and our general trade 
business happens much larger than during that happens in Q2. So, on an annualized basis, these 
margins average out. So, quarter-to-quarter, there's always a variation of highs and lows. 
Deepak Poddar: 
But the margins can also be so volatile? 
Himanshu Shah: 
Within the quarters, as they compensate each other because it's a running account business. 
However, on an annualized basis, the volatility is not much because this, as I mentioned, this 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
industry is of very matured margins and the very finely defined associated risks. So, beyond that, 
if anything comes up, it gets compensated within the system. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Chanakya with Markets Chanakya. Please go ahead. 
Chanakya: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, you mentioned this FOREX volatility that had caused the 
OPEX to come down. So, is this an ongoing phenomena and what percentage of the total 
expenses are in, is it like your total purchase in FOREX and we have to pay in USD, if you can 
throw some light on that first? 
Kapal Pansari: 
Out of the overall distribution revenue that we have, about 40% of our revenues is dollar-based 
businesses where we import from the factories where our global technology brands don't have 
logistics setups in the country. We go through the process of importing, doing custom clearance, 
complying with various customs and import laws, and they are all on credit. So, 40% of our 
business has FOREX exposure to the organization, balance 60% is local rupee purchases 
wherein either they will have factory or the brands have themselves imported in India and 
through their logistics they invoice to us. So, there we do not have any FOREX exposure. It is 
the direct import where we have the FOREX exposure. The way it works is that normally we get 
about 30 to 45 days of credit from these brands, and we hold inventory on an average of about 
50 days of inventory on our books. And during this course, our payables are after the due date 
of the purchases. So, therefore we have the flexibility of repricing it into our equation. So, give 
you an example, that right now the FOREX is hovering somewhere about 83, our costing is 
above 83. So, we do repricing of our products. The reason we are able to reprice it because we 
have B2B, we are not retail, so therefore the market is driven based on an MOP which is Market 
Operating Prices and not based on fixed prices. So, we have a tendency and capability to increase 
our pricing in case the dollar appreciates or depreciates both ways. Now the impact that happens 
of FOREX is that while we have repriced it, the FOREX expenses come on our P&L statement, 
whereas our pricing and the impact comes on our operating margins and operating revenues. 
This is one part of the portion. The second part is, as we reprice our inventory and the due dates 
are closer to those dates, there is a natural hedge in the organization for the inventories at hand. 
Apart from this, we do have a hedging policy also, where we hedge anywhere between 20% to 
40% of the overall dollar exposures at any given point in time depending on the view of the 
FOREX movement. 
Himanshu Shah: 
So, just to add to Kapal ji this thing, the FOREX loss which is shown in the other expense is a 
requirement of Ind AS to be shown there. However, as we mentioned natural hedge is there 
wherein we recover this loss through the repricing of goods, which gets reflected as revenue not 
as FOREX income, because there's no cascading impact on the document of that, the repricing 
is done based on the normal movement of the currency. 
Chanakya: 
First of all, if I have to reiterate, it's 40% of costs I would say is impacted by FOREX and we do 
have a natural hedging policy or we are able to increase or decrease the prices and they cover it. 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
But, are there more chance where we miss this hedging and it has come into our P&L or it does 
impact us in past 20-years the history that you have? 
Himanshu Shah: 
No, there are no such instances of that, because as we mentioned earlier also, we implemented 
SAP in 2005, which gives us visibility online… or all the operations are on SAP. So, we keep 
close track on these movements and the inventory movements. Secondly, our credit terms with 
our suppliers and to our customers net of each other in terms of 30 to 45 days and our inventory 
investment is 50 days. So, there's always inventory in hand wherein which allows us scope to 
pass it on. And just to avoid any mismatch in the cascading effect, as we mentioned on hygiene, 
we have 20% of the dollar exposure. So, in the past, there are no such losses suffered on 
FOREX…no material sufferings. 
Chanakya: 
My next question is relating to seasonality. So, I get the point where you're telling me that the 
September quarter is a festive quarter in India, Diwali, billion day sale and the March quarter is 
specifically to the corporates. Now, it's kind of a retail versus corporate, right. So, what are the 
corporates that we cater to if you don't mind me asking? I am not asking for names, but if you 
can give me that these are listed big companies or maybe banks who wish to change IT 
infrastructure or they would wish to buy new laptops for the hiring that has been done, or the 
perceived hiring, so is it somewhere related to the employment that is created in the economy 
plus the renewal? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
I want to clarify to all our listeners. First and foremost is that Rashi Peripherals is a B2B 
company. We do not sell anything direct to an end customer or a corporate. However, our 
business model is very simple. We have three horizontal lines, customer segments whom we bill 
and then they in turn build to an end user. So, the first is general trade stores, typically a IT store 
in Lamington Road or Nehru Place or Richie Street or SP Road in India. So, there are more than 
about 8,000 small and large stores and offices is what we  bill. Second, we bill to the organized 
modern trade, so with the likes of Croma, Reliance, Vijay Sales, Bajaj, Girias, all this. And third 
is again since we are a B2B company, we sell to Appareo, we sell to Flipkart and then they in 
turn sell to the end customer. So, our direct billing to end customer is not there, but it is routed 
through these three broad customer segments and then there are further classification. But we 
have a separate enterprise vertical which works with large enterprise, which works with 
government to create the funnel, to create the BOQ and all that, but ultimately the potential and 
invoicing is done through a intermittently partner because we are a B2B company. 
Chanakya: 
Just to get the hang of the business model, so you use the term Croma and you name the brand. 
So, if the Croma sales are increasing in a particular segment, that would directly a lot cheaper, 
right? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
It will be an advantage, not affect if Croma business increase - 
Chanakya: 
Yes, yes, in a positive way. 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
Rajesh Goenka: 
Positively, yes. 
Chanakya: 
So, now I come to the level of debt. What is the optimal level of debt that we foresee in the 
coming future considering the 20% CAGR that we have achieved in the past and we target in 
the future? 
Himanshu Shah: 
So, as an internal discipline, the optimal debt for this kind of business where the working capital 
is in the driving seat, 1:1 is a discipline which we would like to have and aspire for, and that also 
that gets built up as and when the business increases. 
Chanakya: 
One request. If you could mention a debt-to-equity levels in your investor presentation… a pretty 
good job for the first time I think.  
Kapal Pansari: 
Yes, so we will add in our investor PPT original, we had 1:1.5 times debt-equity ratio. 
Himanshu Shah: 
With this equity raise, it will come down initially, and as the business increases or the growth 
happens, optimize structure as I mentioned. 
Chanakya: 
So, we spoke about organic plus inorganic opportunities that the company is targeting. Organic, 
we do understand that exploring new markets, capturing market share, etc., If you could throw 
light on inorganic growth opportunities, what would be the ideal scenario in this industry? 
Rajesh Goenka: 
So, inorganic means getting into new products, new brands and new verticals and some of the 
examples I already mentioned I can add on that that Rashi Peripherals has two new verticals 
which we set up in the last three years; the first was the enterprise vertical where we are 
promoting solutions of server storage and artificial intelligence machines; second is we started 
embedded vertical which is also called as semiconductor vertical now. There we have 
distribution partners for companies like Micron, which has already set up a fab in Gujarat, 
NVIDIA, Intel and many other companies. So, that is the inorganic growth with new products, 
new brands, new verticals is what we are aspiring. The second thing I mentioned organic, is 
more within our existing businesses we continue to increase our market share. So, some of the 
products that we do every year, we keep on increasing our market share so far, so that Technopak 
report says that in the component industry Rashi Peripherals has the largest market share in the 
country. While on the same subject, sometimes same product we have two brands or three brands 
who are not competing with each other, but they are complementing with each other. So, say for 
example, audio product, we may have a brand which is at say sub Rs.10,000, the second brand 
could be between Rs.10,000 to Rs.25,000, and the third brand could be Rs.25,000 to a lakh or 
even more. So, it's a combination also. So, we call it as organic growth and inorganic growth. 
This is our core fundamental for our sustained growth trajectory. 
Chanakya: 
We are talking about standalone numbers here, but I mean the consolidated numbers would 
include a subsidiary and what would be that subsidiary because I couldn't find the annual report? 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
Himanshu Shah: 
So, we have two subsidiaries, one in Singapore where we have 75% holding and the other one 
is into cloud computing solution, that is in Jaipur, and we have 51% shareholding there. As far 
as numbers are concerned with respect to turnover asset or PBT, those are insignificant 
subsidiaries which are less than 5% and 1%, it's like that. So, those doesn't come under the 
referral instructions however the financials gets consolidated. 
Chanakya: 
On the e-waste centers, do we have a revenue model for electronic e-waste or something internal 
Revenue model? 
Kapal Pansari: 
There is no revenue model. As I said that, that is for green and environment awareness. Since 
we are also selling IT products, all our 50 warehouses, branch offices, we have made it as a 
collection center and everyone can come and give any waste that he wants free of cost, then 
taking it to the central, going for disposal, everything is done by us. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, two, three questions from my side. One, in between, there was a proposal to ban the imports 
of laptop and manufacture or assemble the laptops within India. Now, obviously that rule seems 
to be postponed, but in case that rule comes up in let's say FY'25, so what will be the company 
strategy at that point of time, whether you will do some inventory holding or how will the 
company operate at that level? 
Kapal Pansari: 
Just to clarify this import license rule is not postponed or cancelled, it is there and it was effective 
from 1st of November. However, the government did only two things. One is, to all official 
distributors they have issued license. So, while we speak, we already have a license and there is 
no hassle in importing the goods. Second, of course, because of the PLI Scheme, PLI 2.0, local 
manufacturing was already there for IT products, but now that has further enhanced, and it is 
only helping us to get faster deliveries. So, there is nothing to worry about. Local manufacturing 
is also happening and import as required is also happening without any glitch. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Secondly, what is the portion NVIDIA as a brand for us and how do you see this business moving 
forward, let's say in FY'25 and FY'26 also? 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, I want to mention that Rashi Peripherals is the oldest and the largest distribution partner of 
NVIDIA. We have been doing for more than double-digit years NVIDIA business, one. Second 
is, yes, currently our business size of NVIDIA vis-à-vis the overall revenue is small; it is a low 
single digit. But yes, now you know everything from the media, every day we get to here, so 
obviously business grows, we will also grow. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Lastly, on a region wise basis, East, West, North, South, which is the region which is driving 
more growth or metros versus the smaller cities or urban versus rural, if you can give more color 
on the growth rates for the company in nine months? 

 
Rashi Peripherals Ltd. 
February 29, 2024 
 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, basically as I explained earlier, we do not work region-wise, we work on state-wise. So, for 
us, across the India, growth is almost uniform, but every region has its own seasonality, but I 
can only share that non-metro business for us is growing faster than the metro business. So, top 
eight cities we take as a metro, all other cities we take as non-metro. So, the growth in non-metro 
is relatively higher and that's where Rashi Peripherals has an advantage because we are very 
uniquely present with office, warehouse and service center, all three put together in 50-cities of 
India. 
Rajesh Goenka: 
To the participants on this call, I would just like to mention that one of our independent directors, 
Mr. Prasad Mamidanna has resigned w.e.f. 29th February 2024 and we will soon be intimated to 
the stock exchanges and we will soon be looking for another independent director on our board. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, thank you so much for having a patience hearing, good questions. This was also our first 
experience. So, we hope to continue and improve not only our performance but all our outputs 
and inputs that we can give you. Thank you so much on behalf of Rashi Peripherals Limited. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
