 
 
 
8th February 2024 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (Scrip Code: FSL) 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 7th February 2024 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 7th 
February 2024 for the meeting of Board of Directors held on 7th February 2024, for your 
information and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally signed by 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED  
Q3FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL” 
FEBRUARY 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
MR. PANKAJ KAPOOR 
HEAD STRATEGY & IR 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Firstsource Solutions Limited Q3 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded.  
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani – MD and CEO, Mr. Dinesh Jain – CFO and Mr. Pankaj 
Kapoor – Head of Strategy and Investor Relations to provide an overview on the Company's 
performance followed by Q&A. 
Please note that some of the matters that we will discuss on this call, including the Company's 
business outlook are forward-looking and, as such, are objects known and unknown risks. These 
uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what the Company has mentioned in its 
prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual reports that are available on its website. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you and hello everybody. Thank you for taking the time to join us today to discuss our 
“Financial Results” for the third quarter of FY24. My name is Ritesh Idnani, and I am the CEO at 
Firstsource.  
I will start today with an update on the progress we have made during the quarter on various 
initiatives under the “OneFirstsource” framework that I had detailed out in the last earnings call. 
I will then move to discuss our quarterly performance and outlook for FY24.  
The OneFirstsource framework defines our blueprint for the strategy refresh across the 
organization and is aimed at driving top quartile revenue growth with improvements in margin 
over the medium term. During the third quarter, we have made meaningful progress across 
several of these initiatives.  
Let me start at the outset by detailing our efforts on simplifying the organization design and 
realigning the leadership team: 
As I had mentioned in the previous call, we have streamlined the organization's structure along 
four go-to-market business units to remove overlaps, establish clear accountability, and ensure 
faster decision-making. So, North America now has three broad industry verticals. Venkatgiri 
continues to head our Healthcare and Life Sciences business. We hired Vivek Sharma during 
the third quarter to head our Communications Media and Technology verticals with additional 
responsibility for the North America Banking and Financial Services verticals as well. Vivek has 
had an impactful career running sales globally at Infosys BPO and I am excited to have him with 
us. He will also oversee our build-out in the emerging geographies such as Australia and New 
Zealand. Europe remains a geographical business unit for better synergies across verticals and 
continues to be headed by Rajiv Malhotra.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Our service portfolio is now aligned into six capability units to identify wide spaces in our portfolio, 
build adjacencies, and improve client experience. Ashish Chawla, who built a strong EdTech 
practice for us from scratch, has taken over as the leader of our CXN consulting capability units. 
Arjun Mitra continues to lead our world-class collections practice. Back-office, which is typically 
domain-specific, is integrated to the respective market units. Besides these mature service lines, 
we are also seeing significant demand coming from emerging services such as Trust and Safety 
and Data and Analytics.  
With the organization redesign largely over, the businesses are now moving rapidly in putting in 
place specific plans around the priority areas they have identified to drive growth in their 
respective businesses and building the next level of leadership to support their sales efforts.  
Next, let me talk about our progress in bringing technology into everything we do. We are 
institutionalizing the process of evaluating how we can leverage technology in every proposal 
that we are participating to have a wider engagement with our client base and increase the share 
of wallet as well as the share of transaction and outcome-based commercial models. You will 
recall our deal win from ETS announced last quarter where we are engaged for both ops and 
technology services. We are currently engaged in several such discussions for similar tech and 
operations deals in both Europe and North America.  
We are also expanding actively our partner ecosystem and have recently hired a leader to drive 
technology partnerships across the organization. He will also work on improving our existing 
services and developing new ones to support businesses in achieving higher growth. We believe 
that the quality of our client portfolio and our market leadership in chosen verticals are truly 
differentiated, and we continue to double down on our efforts to amplify the Firstsource brand 
amongst different constituencies, including industry analysts and advisors. We recently hired 
Aniket Maindarkar as our Chief Marketing Officer to lead our efforts in this area.  
The passion and commitment of our workforce is our superpower, and we want to make 
Firstsource a great place to work for our employees and be an employer of choice. In Q3, our 
ongoing commitment to enhancing the employee experience within the OneFirstsource 
framework remained a top priority. We successfully maintained high employee engagement by 
conducting personalized interactions, doubling the one-on-one sessions, including 70+ town 
halls and several skip meetings. This concerted effort resulted in a trailing 12-month double-digit 
reduction in our attrition in Q3 even as we doubled our hiring to over 1,800+ candidates per 
month. We are also focusing on automation and deploying technology internally to improve our 
hiring process and make it more efficient and effective for new joiners. We also continue to work 
on a skilled refresh across levels and functions and expand our leadership training and 
development programs. There was a close to 25% increase in the average learning hours across 
our employee base during the quarter. 
Finally, we remain laser-focused on optimizing our cost and driving efficiency. We have identified 
specific tracks to work on such as right-stopping the execution model, right-shoring of both 
production and support headcount, optimization of overheads, adoption of automation and AI 
tools to reduce time to deployment and improve speed to competency and benchmark our 
current contract commercials.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
We are seeing a strong interest amongst our clients for our revamped go-to-market strategy and 
our increased engagement with them, especially to structure large transformational programs. 
We are also doubling down on reinvigorating our sales engine to build the foundation required 
for achieving consistent revenue growth over the long term. Our combined deal wins in the last 
two quarters are 30% higher year-on-year, and we exited Q3 with the highest ever pipeline in 
the history of the Company. This has encouraged us to left shift our investment plans. We intend 
to fund these investments mainly through internal cost optimization and efficiency as such, while 
the interplay of various puts and takes can have impact on our margins in a specific quarter, we 
expect that to be in a narrow band and we remain confident of a structural improvement in 
margins over the medium term.  
In summary, we continue to believe that the discontinuities caused by the macro and technology 
shifts are opening opportunities which Firstsource is very well positioned to take advantage of, 
given the quality of our client portfolio and our market leadership in our chosen verticals. I am 
pleased with the progress we have made in Q3 in these areas we have identified for a strategy 
refresh. I am also encouraged by the early signs of this in our deal pipeline as well as the 
enthusiasm amongst our employee base that gives me confidence in achieving our target of top 
quartile revenue growth with improvement in margins over the medium term.  
Q3FY24 Financial Performance 
During Q3, our revenue grew 6.1% year-on-year and came in at INR16 billion. In US$ terms, the 
growth was 4.8% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter at US$192 million. In constant 
currency, our revenue grew 3.4% quarter-on-quarter after staying flattish over the first half of 
FY24. This is in line with our previous commentary in Q2 of a growth acceleration over the 
second half of FY24. EBIT margin was 10.7%. This is down about 60 basis points quarter-on-
quarter from Q2 FY '24 normalized EBIT margin, but higher by about 134 basis points versus 
Q3 of last year. Our net profit was INR 1.3 billion and our diluted EPS was INR 1.84 for the 
quarter.  
Let me now talk a little bit about our deal wins: 
Deal Wins 
We continue to participate actively in both the cost optimization as well as the process 
transformation agendas of our clients. We are also actively hunting for sole source opportunities 
both in our existing portfolio of clients as well as a new set of logos. The success of our strategy 
is evident in our deal wins in Q3, which was the highest in the last three years. Let me highlight 
a few notable deal wins: 
• 
I am pleased to inform you that we have been selected by one of the top five banks in the 
UK, one of our longstanding clients for a large transformational deal. This would be one of 
the largest deal wins for Firstsource in the last five years and underscores the importance 
of the relationships we have built and the value Firstsource delivers to its clients. It's also 
testament to what we are trying to do on the cross-sell and up-sell side.  
• 
We also won additional business from a leading utility Company in the UK, another existing 
client to provide core customer support. 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
• 
We continue to expand our footprint in one of the leading media and entertainment 
companies by adding new complex service queues.  
• 
Firstsource won additional business from one of the large North American telecom and 
media companies globally, another existing client, to provide account management 
services. 
• 
We expanded footprint and wallet share in one of the top five health care insurance 
providers in the U.S. for providing claims processing services. 
• 
We also further strengthened our relationship with a large managed Healthcare Company 
in the U.S. with additional business for customer support and claims processing. 
• 
We further strengthened the multi-decade relationship with one of the largest managed 
Healthcare and insurance companies in the U.S. with additional business for providing 
clearinghouse support services. 
• 
And finally, we were selected by a leading online real estate player to provide support for 
its property management services business.  
While the overall demand environment remains conservative, we stay focused on creating value 
for our clients and remaining disciplined on execution. Concurrently, we are continuing to work 
on scaling new sub-segments in our chosen set of focus verticals and selectively expanding our 
offerings to adjacent verticals.  
Let me now provide you a deep dive into our Q3 performance and outlook for each one of our 
industry verticals: 
Vertical commentary 
A. Banking and Financial Services 
In the 3rd Quarter, our BFS vertical was down 3% quarter-on-quarter and 5% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms, primarily due to softness and business volumes. As you know, this 
vertical comprises three broad sub-segments for us: mortgage, collections, and customer 
experience.  
Mortgage 
Our mortgage business was down sequentially and year-on-year due to the market cycle. While 
the broader demand remains sensitive to changes in mortgage rates both in refinance and 
purchase business, we continued with our efforts to weatherproof our portfolio by expanding our 
footprint in servicing, reverse mortgage and adjacent sectors of real estate.  
We had notable success, as I mentioned earlier, with a leading online real estate player, which 
selected Firstsource as a strategic partner. We had also secured a significant size new campaign 
from a reverse mortgage lender, another existing client.  
And finally, our efforts to bring in technology interventions into our sales propositions in the form 
of advanced automation and Gen AI is also attracting encouraging interest from customers.  
Let me turn my attention to the collections side of the business: 
 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Collections 
While our collections business was marginally down, that was primarily because of the growing 
shift in execution to offshore. Our focus here has been to increase our footprint both 
geographically as well as expand into other industry verticals beyond Financial Services to telco, 
utilities, Healthcare and retail.  
We are also working to shift our execution to offshore or nearshore, and we have made steady 
progress on all of these initiatives in Q3. For instance, in one of our large clients in the segment, 
our service footprint has expanded into credit card and back-office apart from the core loan 
collection business.  
During the quarter, we also went live at one of the largest European banks where we are working 
with the collections business in the UK.  
We added multiple new clients in the segment during the quarter as well as expanded our 
execution capacity in Mexico where we are servicing five collections clients from them. We 
expect growth to recover in Q4, even though the seasonal lift-up that we typically see is likely to 
be muted this year due to the reduced share of third-party collections. 
Customer Experience (CX) 
As you know, we are one of the largest CX providers in the banking and Financial Services 
vertical leveraging our healthy mix of locations for voice and messaging services to drive 
efficiency and deliver meaningful outcomes for our customers. We are seeing excellent demand 
from banks that are diversifying both their overall retail banking and commercial banking portfolio 
with market improvements.  
Emerging segments 
And last but not least, we are making steady progress in our efforts to broad base our portfolio 
in the banking and Financial Services side in areas such as risk and compliance, financial 
crimes, fraud, and auto finance. Overall, we continue to expect modest growth in this vertical in 
Q4.  
B. Healthcare 
In the 3rd Quarter, our Healthcare vertical was up 3% year-on-year and 5% quarter-on-quarter 
in constant currency terms.  
Payer 
This was driven by the payer segment, where revenue grew met the single-digit on a year-to-
year basis and double-digit sequentially, led by ramp-ups across clients. While the 
macroeconomic environment has been relatively stable for health plans, they continue to explore 
more opportunities for cost optimization and acquisition to drive member expansion. We are 
seeing opportunities to partner with them to provide disruptive propositions to help them be more 
competitive and relevant to their member base across the entire value chain, whether it be 
enrollment claims, billing, appeals and grievances, etc. We are also in advanced talks for a few 
large, structured deals in this segment, including a couple of sole-source transactions.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Our strategy to focus on strategic accounts is playing well. We had two large deals in this space 
in Q3 from our existing clients that I have already mentioned. We also added a couple of new 
logos in this segment in Q3. We expect ramp-ups in these deals, which should reflect in healthy 
revenue growth in the fourth quarter as well.  
We continue to also focus on building out our BPaaS offerings, and during the 3rd Quarter, we 
hired a dedicated person to drive our build-out strategy in this area. We are also seeing 
encouraging traction on Gen AI, where discussions are moving from POCs to live projects.  
Provider 
Revenues in this segment were stable sequentially and marginally higher on a year-on-year 
basis. Our focus here is to improve profitability by driving offshoring, as well as widening the 
service offerings. We have seen an uptick in the number of discussions with clients for offshore 
revenue cycle management. Our first such win was in Q1 of this year that's scaling up well. We 
have had multiple additional wins and are currently in conversation with several clients in this 
space. The current wave of technology-enabled disruption is providing an opportunity for us to 
take share from traditional revenue cycle management players who largely build a people-based 
business. 
Overall, we expect good growth momentum in the Healthcare vertical in the fourth quarter as 
well, largely driven by the payer segment.  
C. Communications, Media, and Technology (CMT): 
Our CMT vertical grew 10% quarter-on-quarter and 2.6% year-on-year in constant currency 
terms, driven by ramp-ups across multiple clients, offsetting the drag from the onshore to 
offshore transition underway in our top client.  
As you are aware, our client portfolio in this vertical comprises some of the leading names and 
global brands in telecom, digital media, EdTech, consumer tech, and the E-commerce space. 
We have a sharp focus on three core segments: growing our B2C support, building our B2B 
presence, and systematically investing in building our capabilities and expanding our client base 
in the born-digital new-aid segments. We are encouraged by the progress thus far and the 
traction we are seeing with our pipeline conversions. 
Our engagement with ETS is also scaling well. In October, we went live with our first global 
capability center for the EdTech vertical in Hyderabad with multi-disciplinary skills in the areas 
of assessment operations, data analytics, and emerging tech. We continue to expand our 
footprint in the university and EdTech provider space globally with solutions that help transform 
all facets of the learner experience from admissions to graduation.  
We also expanded our partnership with a marquee consumer tech Company in training their AI 
tool, leveraging our AI Ops framework. In Q3, we also added another consumer tech Company 
as a client supporting their AI research team in localization of their chatbots.  
We are seeing healthy momentum in our telco business where we had multiple wins, not just in 
our top client, but we also added additional lines of business with our top client in North America 
and adding three new logos in the telco space in the quarter.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Overall, we expect a healthy momentum in this vertical in the fourth quarter with ramp-ups in 
recent deal wins.  
D. Diverse 
And finally, I will round off with a quick word on our diversified vertical, which mainly comprises 
the energy and utility space. It grew 1.5x year-on-year and 14% quarter-on-quarter in constant 
currency terms. We continue to see a strong demand in the energy market, even as we make 
fresh inroads in our client base in this vertical.  
Geographical Commentary 
In terms of geographies, the U.S. was up 6% year-on-year in constant currency terms, while 
Europe was flat mainly due to the optical impact of on-site to offshore shift in our top client. 
Sequentially, we had a well-rounded growth with the U.S. growing 3.3% quarter-on-quarter, 
while Europe grew 3.6% quarter-on-quarter.  
We expect the growth momentum in the U.S. to be continued to be led by the Healthcare and 
CMT verticals. Growth should be higher in Europe, where we are working with a dedicated focus 
on client acquisition across all verticals, as well as investing in beefing up our sales team.  
Operations 
On the people's side, we added a total of 1,994 new colleagues in Q3, bringing our total 
employee base to 25,947 employees at the end of December 2023. This is the highest net 
addition in the last 12 quarters and is across geographies. As you may note, we have added 
16% to our base over the last two quarters, and this, in some sense, reflects our strength of our 
executable order book. The trailing 12-month attrition for the quarter was 33.8% at offshore and 
43.3% at onsite, compared to 36.1 and 44.8% in Q2. We expect these metrics to trend down 
further in the coming quarter, though at a more moderated pace, helped by improved outcomes 
of our employee value-related interventions.  
Progress update on GenAI 
And finally, to give you a progress update on the Gen AI side, we continue to make solid progress 
on our Gen AI initiatives. Our library of use cases expanded to over 130 cases across industries 
that can be used to jump-start conversations. We have completed over 35 proof-of-concepts 
during the quarter. We are focusing our efforts on pre-built co-pilots that can be quickly integrated 
to live engagements. We are working extensively also to elevate our existing platforms and IP, 
leveraging AI.  
Recognitions 
And finally, on the awards and recognition side, I am proud to report that we achieved a score 
of 62 in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index in the very first year of our participation. This places 
us in the top 96 percentile, and amongst the top five within our peer group that includes both 
India-listed scale IT services companies as well as global BPO providers.  
Guidance 
In summary, I am pleased with our performance in Q3 of FY24. Our healthy order bookings 
during the quarter, as well as a good deal pipeline, sets us well for Q4. With nine months of the 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
fiscal now over, we narrow our expectation for constant currency growth in FY24 to be between 
0.5 to 1.5%, and our normalized EBIT margin to be at the lower end of the 11 to 11.5% range.  
With that, let me turn the call over to Dinesh to give you a detailed color on the quarterly financials 
and related matters. Dinesh? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh, and hello, everyone. 
Let me now walk you through some of the financial details; 
Financial Performance 
• 
Revenue for Q3FY24 came in at INR15,966 million or US$192 million. This implies a year-
on-year growth of 6.1% in the rupee term and 2.8% in constant currency terms. I am happy 
to report that we have returned to the year-on-year growth in constant currency terms after 
contraction in the previous fourth quarters due to the portfolio changes in our Mortgage and 
Healthcare businesses. 
• 
For the nine months of FY24, cumulative revenue was INR46,658 million or US$564 million. 
This implies a YoY growth of 4.5% in rupee terms and flat in constant currency terms.  
• 
We reported operating profit of INR1,709 million in Q3FY24, up 21.2% over Q3FY23 and 
translate to EBIT margin of 10.7%, up 134bps on year-on-year basis. This is down around 
60 bps sequentially from 11.2% we reported in Q2FY24, adjusted for a few one-time 
charges.  
• 
As you know, we rolled out our annual compensation hike and promotion in Q3. We also 
saw higher costs related to ramp ups in some of the recent deal wins. We were able to offset 
this partially through cost optimization and efficiency gain resulting in the net impact of only 
60 bps in Q3.  
• 
For the nine months, our operating profit was INR5,132 million or up 34% over nine months 
FY23 and translate EBIT margin of 11%. Adjusted for one-time charge in Q2FY24, our EBIT 
margin in 9 months was 11.2%.  
• 
Tax rate was 20% for the quarter and 19% for the 9 months which is within the range which 
we guided between 18 to 20%. Profit after tax came in at INR1,287 million or 8.1% of the 
revenue for the quarter.  
• 
As you will recall, we have other income of INR598 million in Q3FY23 on account of a 
change in the fair value of the liability for purchase of non-controlling interest and also the 
contingent consideration on the acquisition. Adjusted for that, our net profit in Q3FY24 was 
up 18.5% year-on-year basis.  
• 
For the 9 months, profit after tax was INR3,812 million. This is higher by 42% on a year-on-
year basis after adjusting for the other income in the base.  
• 
DSO came in at 62 days versus 66 days in the Q2. You may recall, we had called out that 
the spike last quarter was mainly due to delay in collections, most of which have been now 
subsequently collected. As a result of this and of course higher revenue, our cash flow from 
operations improved significantly in Q3.  
• 
We stepped our CAPEX during the quarter to INR275 million as we prepared the execution 
infrastructure to fulfill the recent order wins. We have added new sitting capacities in 
Bangalore, Mumbai and Philippines during Q3. We continue to invest in creating additional 
capacity given the strength of our deal wins.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
• 
We also use some of the cash generation to retire both working capital debt as well as the 
long-term debt during Q3. Our net debt stands at INR4,398 million as of December 31st, 
2023, versus INR6,653 million as of September 30th, 2023, which implies a reduction of 
INR2,255 million during the quarter.  
• 
ROCE for 9 months is 15.3% versus 13.4% for FY23.  
• 
Our cash balance including investment stood at INR2,556 million at the end of the quarter.  
• 
Our hedge book as of December 31st, which as follows: we have coverage of GBP 59.5 
million for the next 12 months with an average rate of 105 to pound and coverage of US$82 
million with an average rate of 84.4 per US$.  
I am pleased to share that the Board of Director declared an interim dividend of INR3.5 per share 
on the face value of INR10 per share same as last year.  
This is all from my side. We can now open up floor for the question. Operator, over to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead.  
Manik Taneja: 
I just wanted to pick your thoughts on a couple of things. Some of your peers as well as you 
have spoken about softer volumes compared to the initial client volume estimates that customers 
typically tend to provide through the course of calendar year 2023. Are you still seeing that play 
out or there is some amount of stability on that front? That's question number one.  
 
The second question that I have is that some of your peers have spoken about insourcing that 
they have seen in a couple of instances. Are you seeing any signs or discussions around this 
front at any of your clients?  
 
The third question was a clarification question. We have seen several leadership reinforcements 
over recent months, where are we in that journey now? Would be great to get your thoughts on 
that. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Manik, for the question. Let me try and address the questions one after the other.  
                                           The first question that you had was in terms of what we are seeing in the macroeconomic 
environment itself, client spend, volume so on and so forth. Let me just start by saying we still 
see the macro duality in some sense still playing out. What I mean by that is on one hand, while 
clients remain cautious in the uncertain macro environment, we also find that they are actively 
moving on programs where they see opportunities for meaningful cost optimization not just by 
leveraging outsourcing and offshoring but by reimagining the process itself and bringing in 
elements of technology including AI and automation. We have seized that opportunity and 
continue to engage with both our existing clients as well as exploring new logos with solutions 
that create value for them. So, that duality in my mind is likely to continue either which way.  
 
The second question that you had was related to the insourcing side. Actually, let me just take 
a step back and share with you how I see this trend in a larger context. The narrative for 
insourcing or global capability constructs in the last 12 months has moved from pure cost 
arbitrage to co-location and co-innovation. And here, there is a little bit of a paradox on one 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
hand. Between 200 to 250 new centers are being established every year across various GCC 
hubs. Out of these about 55 to 65% are de novo. That is the enterprise is setting up their own 
centers, but the rest are provider assisted. And the newer provider supported global capability 
centers even in an in sourced environment our focus around collaboration, around cutting-edge 
tech and proxies, but what we're also seeing is a growing number of clients who are exploring 
divestitures of their offshore capital. In fact a number of such cases today is almost 5x of normal 
years and even more than what we saw post the global financial crisis. Part of this has to do with 
the impact of higher interest rates on working capital and thereby expensive debt servicing which 
is pushing companies with global capital footprints to consolidate and divest to free capital itself.  
The other part has to do with the advent of AI and the uncertainty around its impact making 
companies rethink their entire strategy of deploying large pools of resources on their roads. As 
Firstsource what we are trying to do is to position ourselves to take advantage of both these 
trends. We've created a comprehensive playbook when clients want to in source that has 
components of design, build and operate in partnerships with real estate firms, global talent 
agencies, and legal and regulatory advisors. This makes it easier for us and clients to get off the 
ground quickly and reap the benefits of colocation and co-innovation. We've also set up a team 
to focus on divestitures, especially in sectors we operate in and the geographies we operate in 
or on our radar itself.  
So, we think a combination of both of those allows us to take advantage of either the insourcing 
flat setting up for global capability centers or on the other hand it allows us to take advantage of 
what might play out in terms of captive divestitures itself.  
The third question that you had was related to the leadership and the off design and so on and 
so forth. We've rolled out the new org. structure effective from first of Jan. Portfolio alignments 
as I discussed in my initial commentary at the market and capability unit levels have happened. 
We're now firmly in execution mode. Having said that look there are still areas where we continue 
to explore the right talent. We'll keep making interventions as and when we see a requirement 
itself. 
Manik Taneja: 
If I can pick your thoughts on one more question. You spoke about both an interest and push 
from our end to sincerely we drive more offshore delivery across some parts of our vertical 
service offerings. What is driving that because historically the kind of work that we used to do in 
certain segments say for example on the provider side those used to be typically onshore 
delivery because of compliance or because of regulatory reasons. So, is there something else 
that we are trying to sell now on both healthcare as well as possibly on the collection side? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let's talk a little bit about the healthcare segment itself. So, on the provider side I do expect that 
the buildup of enrollment will be gradual over the next 9 to 12 months, but on the provider side 
what we have focused on is on broad basing our portfolio. We are quite excited right now by the 
offshore revenue cycle management market where we believe that the current wave of tech led 
disruption is providing an opportunity for us to take share away from traditional revenue cycle 
management players who have largely built a people-based business.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Similarly, on the payer side our strategy to focus on strategic accounts is playing well. We had 
good wins in this space in the third quarter and we see a very healthy pipeline as well. Therefore, 
we expect good growth momentum in the healthcare verticals in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jalaj from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jalaj: 
I wanted to pick your brains around the conversations around the highest deal wins. Could you 
talk a little about quantification of the numbers or the order book, how it does look like? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
We do not get into specifics around the numbers yet in terms of the deal wins or the size of the 
pipeline itself, but what I want to talk a little bit about is the pickup in our deal wins that you see 
whether it's in terms of the fact that our deal wins in the third quarter were the highest in the last 
three years or the fact that we exited third quarter with the highest ever pipeline in the history of 
the company. It's simply the result of the rigors that we've brought in our engagement with all 
our clients. What we are doing differently now is to participate more proactively in both the cost 
optimization and the process transformation agendas of our clients.  
                                           We're actively hunting for sole source opportunities, both in our existing portfolio of clients as 
well as the new set of logos. And we are finding clients responding favorably to our efforts which 
is therefore then translating into the strength of our deal wins and pipeline. What you also will 
see is in terms of profile these deals are across the board. In example, in Q2 we had a large 
deal in the EdTech sector which was essentially a new logo. In Q3, we got a deal from our large 
financial services plan which was one of our existing customers in space.  
This kind of stuff in some sense is reflective of how we are going to market and the fruits of the 
rigors that we're deploying in the process how that's yielding results for us. 
Jalaj: 
And one last question maybe so you touched upon the top quartile growth, so what sort of peers 
are we comparing the growth rates to? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, that's a good question. I think what I would do is when we come back in at the end of Q4, I 
will be providing more detailed commentary in terms of what the top quartile revenue growth will 
be as well as talk a little bit about what those numbers would look like in terms of either the 
revenue side or in terms of margin itself because a lot of this is not just about the current quarter 
or the near term, but it's also about how we are building a business for the medium to long term 
itself so that we can continuously outperform itself. 
Jalaj: 
And one last question if I may. So, when do you expect the BFS vertical to pick up per say seeing 
the basically the discussions with the clients we are having right now and any sort of 
improvement in terms of operating leverage and since we are spending a lot in the terms of 
technology and seeing the growth in top line, so when do we expect it would reflect? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me talk a little bit about the financial services vertical and then talk a little bit about the 
margin side.  

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
                                           If you look at the growth that we're seeing today in our financial services portfolio, we won a 
large deal for instance with an existing client in the UK which is in the financial services space 
and that in some sense reflects resilience in what we're seeing in the portfolio itself.  
What we are also seeing as a secular scheme which we think bode well for us is where clients 
are increasingly looking for service providers who offer an integrated capability across front office 
and back office so that they are truly end-to-end from a domain standpoint. This actually plays 
well for us because we are one of maybe a handful of providers who have that end-to-end 
capability; most players end up over investing on one area or the other. 
If you look at the mortgage space in particular the trajectory for 2024 suggests, based on all the 
commentary that I'm sure you read as much as I do that there is likely to be an easing of 
mortgage rates which should increase the refinance demand.  
What we are however doing though and this is this is more important than anything else, we are 
deeply engaged with our clients to help them build a search readiness playbook with the right 
mix of people and digital / AI intervention and as we have been broad basing our service portfolio 
we are not just talking to the mono liners in the mortgage space, but we are talking to mid-tier 
regional banks as well as broad basing our portfolio beyond origination to servicing and HELOC 
and other segments of the real estate sector.  
We are also seeing growth in our Fintech space and our collections business is a great hook 
there to land in the Fintech spaces as well as especially if you take a lot of the BNPL players in 
the segment. A lot of them are dealing with the large collections portfolio and our world-class 
leading capability in collections certainly is helping in that regard. So, there are a number of 
things that we feel good about in the context of our current capabilities and how they’re geared 
up for the financial services space itself.  
Now the question that you had related to margins and what we end up seeing. One of the things 
that I talked about right upfront in the context of our commentary is we are investing in building 
a deal funnel as well as refreshing our sales engine. Our intent is to fund these investments 
mainly through internal cost optimization and efficiency gains and while we may see minor 
impact on our reported margins in a specific quarter itself, we remain confident of a structural 
improvement in our margins over the medium term. The fact of the matter is, I mean, if you just 
take two data points into account, we had the largest set of deal wins last quarter and we also 
exited the quarter with the highest pipeline ever in the history of the company.  
Just put those two things in perspective. It means that when these deals land and we hire people, 
there is a cost of growth that's going to come about and that's going to be playing out in a quarter 
itself. Now while we try to optimize for that through internal cost optimization and other efficiency 
initiatives that we are constantly working on, it could still result in a blip on quarter-to-quarter 
basis.  
Our intent is to make sure that we're building a resilient and durable business with margin 
improvement over the medium term. So, that's probably the way to think about it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha from AMSEC. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Shradha: 
Two questions here, Ritesh. First is you've indicated kind of increased offshoring trend in certain 
segments of businesses like Healthcare and Collections. So, do you see this as a risk to revenue 
just like we saw 300 bps to 400 bps headwind to revenue in FY24 because of higher offshoring 
from our top client in CMT vertical? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
No, I do not see this as a risk. What we are seeing is two sets of things. On the one hand, we 
are seeing a propensity to move offshore and near shore in some of our clients potentially being 
an opportunity where we can take additional volumes from them. We're also seeing the 
amenability on their part to look at that part of the business from an offshore standpoint benefit 
us.  
As we broadened our portfolio on the provider side as an example and we started playing in the 
mid-to-back end of the revenue cycle side a lot of that work gets done offshore. So, naturally 
there's a tendency to move to work offshore as opposed to otherwise. We feel good about it if 
anything else between the locations that we have today in the mix, our ability to service whether 
it's our healthcare clients or our collections clients, our location makes across onshore, near 
shore and offshore positions us really well and actually in a way having locations in country in 
the US and UK in our minds it's going to be a net positive over the long run medium to long term. 
Shradha: 
But from a more near-term perspective getting into next year, do you see this more as a 
headwind? I'm talking more from a near term perspective. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
No, we don't see it as a headwind. 
Shradha: 
And secondly while you've narrowed your guidance band for FY24, the ask rate CQGR still is 
very wide from 2% to 6% to get to the top end and the low end of the guidance range. So, at this 
point in time just wanted to check your comfort on whether you are more comfortable being at 
the lower end or at the mid end given the fact that you don't expect the usual seasonality in the 
collections business that plays out every year to happen this year? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Look I will only say this we do not specifically provide guidance on any specific quarter. So, I'm 
not going to comment on the math that you just provided. But having said that let me just reiterate 
the following: we had a good set of deal wins in the last two quarters that are in various stages 
of ramp up as we speak. You can also see this in the net headcount addition numbers as well 
as the facilities build out that we're doing. We feel good about where we will end up at the end 
of the quarter and for the full fiscal itself on the back of that. So, our purpose of narrowing the 
band was to give you more color as we approach the end of the quarter itself as you start looking 
at where we might end up for the full fiscal itself. 
Shradha: 
And just one more question, I think you indicated that we did see some decline in our mortgage 
business and this has come after 2-3 quarters of stability that we had seen in the previous 2-3 
quarters. So, could you just highlight what exactly happened because if I recall well, you had 
indicated that if kind of reached the bottom in mortgage revenue. I mean most of your clients 
have reached that the bare minimum of mortgage revenue that they can be at. So, from that 
perspective would we not be expecting a gradual ramp up each quarter? 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Look, I am not too perturbed about what you might see as a marginal drop quarter-on-quarter in 
the business itself in the mortgage business as you are aware that business is down in the high 
single digits for us as a percentage of revenue, number one.  
Number two, we feel very comfortable with the deal wins that we've had in this space and the 
ramps that are happening as we speak. We also continue to have an active pipeline in the 
mortgage side and our leadership position in this space augers well for what's coming down the 
pie. So, if nothing else actually we are playing on offense out there. We have created a search 
readiness playbook which we think boards well for as and when the Fed chooses to relax interest 
rates as well. So, overall, I wouldn't read anything into what you might have seen as a minor 
aberration one quarter to the next. 
Shradha: 
Any quantification around how much does mortgage contribute to overall revenue now? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
We're not getting into specifics of numbers, but what you can see is that it's not material enough 
that it should matter to the portfolio and that's the bigger point that I want to highlight out here is 
I think again as in our endeavor to build a business which is resilient and durable, we want to 
make sure that we take some of the macro discontinuities away from the way we're growing the 
business itself. That's the reason why we're continuing to broad base our portfolio. That's the 
reason why we feel that how we are putting the foundational blocks in place sets us up well for 
top quartile industry growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
My first question is on deal wins, so just want to understand which segment and which geography 
is driving this growth. And second thing is regarding growth in being 30% for first half and when 
headcount growth being 16%, is it fair to assume that between ACV and TCV. ACV growth is 
more or less similar to head count while TCV is growing much more faster? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me respond to the first part of the question which is where have we seen the deal wins 
itself. The deal wins are broad based across industry sectors. So, we've seen that across 
industry verticals and across geographies. So, if you look at growth that we are experiencing 
both in the US and Europe and in the European markets, we see the deal wins playing out. 
Similarly, we also see the deal wins playing out across financial services, healthcare, 
communications media tech as well as our diversified portfolio itself.  
I don't want to specifically comment on the TCV, ACV math because deals have different 
timelines. They're not necessarily drawn out in the manner that you might have been drawing a 
conclusion out there. What I think you should take away is the fact that we've had two 
consecutive quarters of meaningful headcount addition and that in some sense is a reflection of 
the strength of that executable order book itself. So, the very fact that we are adding headcount 
supported by the fact that the deal wins continue to go up and last quarter was the highest deal 
wins that we've had as well as the pipeline that is there. I think these are all I would think as lead 
indicators in terms of how it's likely to play out from a revenue standpoint as well. 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
On similar line basically our deal wins tend to be very strong, but in a scenario where mortgage 
volumes comes back, that will be more discretionary and still not captured in this deal wins? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, it's a good question. I'm going to give you two different perspectives.  
                                            A lot of the independent mortgage companies that might be there, the mono liners who only 
specialize in mortgage, a lot of them may still be looking for a capacity in terms of how they ramp 
itself. As and when the origination volumes do come back, I would expect that it won't be 
discretionary, but they're looking to potentially build out the business for what's likely to play out. 
I mean, sometimes these things are in a cycle. The next cycle that ends up playing out where 
interest rates are coming down creates a market move towards maintaining a certain threshold 
of people to support that volume itself. What I do expect is, the way we are preparing ourselves 
and what is resonating with our customer base is the fact that we can provide a combination of 
a people plus technology solution a nonlinear capability to help them ramp up to what might 
come down the pipe.  
Let me give you an example of that. Take underwriting, which is one of the key areas in the 
mortgage value chain itself, the ability to have a digital underwriter as an example. Leveraging 
AI along with the human in the loop is going to be a differentiated capability for organizations to 
ramp up as volumes come back and I think these are the kinds of opportunities that we feel very 
good about. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh: 
Couple of questions. First, in collection business, you indicated we are not expecting usual 
seasonality in Q4. So, can you help us understand what is changing in the business or why it is 
not happening usual seasonality, but you indicated obviously growth to happen, but not the 
optics seasonally which we usually see.  
Second question is about top client, top client did well this quarter despite off sources. So, just 
want to understand what led to it and whether it is because Q3 is generally higher volume quarter 
for that client whether it is usual seasonality or something more to it? 
Third question is about the EBIT margin, now it is down 60 bps and we alluded to some of the 
reasons like salary high promotion, ramp up, but obviously there is an offsetting factor of  
significant offshore shift. So, considering all these factors put together it seems revenue is 
growing broadly in line with the way you expected, margins seem to be lagging. So, if you can 
provide some sense around how one should look at? 
And one question on other income side last quarter we indicated that non-controlling interest 
related and contingent reversal largely behind, but again this quarter we are seeing some 
movement. So, whether this is the last quarter, or do you expect it to continue? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, let me start by talking a little bit about the collections for business itself.  
                                           First and foremost, we continue to see significant traction in our collections business across first 
party collections, third party collections and legal collections. It's a world class capability. We 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
continue to add significant clients as well as consolidate our position with several of the top 
banks that we are the number one collections provider for. We've added several new clients in 
this space particularly in the Fintech side as well. When I talked about the fact that the 
seasonality in Q4 may not be as much as what we typically see, we still expect the strength of 
what we've seen on the headcount as well as the deal wins itself should bode well in terms of 
what reported growth should look like in general.  
Related to the top client, we don't typically talk about a specific client itself and what played out 
there, but what I do want to say is that we continue to actively engage with all our large clients, 
and we are continuing to seek and gain new business from them. So, I think you're going to see 
that as a secular theme just by virtue of the engagement that we are seeing with them itself. I'm 
going to give a headline message on the EBIT and then I want to call Dinesh to comment on the 
EBIT and the other income side.  
One of the things to bear in mind is that we are investing in building our deal funnel as well as 
refreshing our sales engine. We are continuing to fund some of these investments mainly 
through internal cost optimization and efficiency gains and therefore while on one hand we may 
see minor impact one quarter to the next on a reported margins, we do believe in the medium 
term this business is set up for a structural improvement in margins itself. 
So, on one hand, you may see cost of growth playing out in a particular quarter, but I wouldn't 
read much into that. So, I actually think from that perspective we're still very much on track for 
the guidance that we provided last quarter as well as what we reiterated at the beginning of my 
commentary for the current quarter of where we will end up on the EBIT margin side. So, we will 
still be in that 11% to 11.5% range that we had talked about as well. Dinesh, you want to add 
anything further to that. 
Dinesh Jain: 
No, I think you're right. I think most of the efficiencies are also part of the overall operating margin 
which we are showing, and I think the cost of increments are higher; it's almost 120 to 130 basis 
on account of increments and promotions in Q3 and once you offset with some of the efficiencies, 
the net is 60 bps. 
And Dipesh on other income, you're aware that last year we had two of the acquisitions where 
the contingent consideration did not got paid and that were part of the other income. So, you can 
see INR60 crore was the other income in the Q3 last year which in Q3 of the current year is a 
much smaller number of around 13 crores and is more on account of one of the transaction in 
the mortgage businesses. 
And going forward we don't see any major other income coming in the coming quarters. There 
will be a last trench in March 31st, but the number will be very small. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
On the BFSI front since we are still kind of a seeing a cut down. So, when we say that we want 
to grow into leader quadrant, do you think outside of this vertical it would be practical, or you see 
a lot of hope in revival in the growth for this vertical as well going into FY25? 

 
 
 
Firstsource Solutions Limited 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Let me just break this down into different areas where we are seeing the demand. So, we do 
believe that BFSI will continue to grow and be a meaningful part of our portfolio itself. The work 
we do on our customer experience side today across a bunch of banks and Fintechs and so on 
and so forth is certainly something that is differentiated, and we believe that that allows us to 
keep expanding and taking a share in that space itself. 
Our collections capability is world class and also differentiated because there's nobody else in 
the market who has that end-to-end capability across first party collections, third party collections 
and legal collections powered by a digital collections platform that we bring to bear from an IP 
perspective.  
Third, if you look at the specific processing capabilities that we have built along different asset 
and liability lines in the financial services space whether it's mortgage, consumer loans, the 
deposit side of the house specific capabilities around KYC, AML, financial crimes, fraud, etc. We 
believe that all of these areas continue to grow at a rapid clip itself.  
Our ability to bring all of these capabilities under one roof to customers creates the opportunity 
for us to build a story in all the markets in which we operate. Therefore I feel that we have a full 
arsenal of capability, we have a lot of the clients base that is there and our opportunity, if I go 
back to the one first source framework that I talked about, is how do we continue to just cross 
sell and upsell into these accounts itself and that that to me is the piece that we are working hard 
on and we're seeing some good green shoots of the same. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as a last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
back to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments. 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you all firstly for joining the call and for your questions.  
                                           I just want to close out with a few final points. I'm satisfied with our progress on the strategy 
refresh under the OneFirstsource framework. We're seeing a very strong interest among clients 
for our revamped go to market strategy and we're engaging actively with them especially to 
structure large transformational programs. As you can see this is reflected in our deal wins in 
Q3 which were the highest in the last 3 years even as we closed the quarter with the highest 
ever pipeline in the history of the company. 
We're also executing well and our headcount addition in Q3 was the highest in the last 12 
quarters. This has boosted our confidence in the medium-term growth outlook and as such we 
are bringing forward some of our planned investments. We intend to fund these investments 
primarily through internal cost optimization and efficiency gains and while this may have a minor 
impact on margins in any specific quarter, we remained confident of a structural improvement in 
our margins over the medium term. That's all from our side. We look forward to interacting again 
with you in the next quarterly call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
