eK <« KSOLVES 
Emerging Ahead Always 
Date: 07.03.2024 
  
To 
Listing Compliance 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai — 400051 
Mumbai — 400 001. 
 
 
 
  
Subject: Transcripts of Investor Con Call dated February 29, 2024. 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
BSE Scrip Code: 543599; NSE Symbol; KSOLVES; ISIN: INEOD6101015 
Dear Sir/Madam 
Pursuant to the abovementioned Regulation, please find enclosed herewith the transcripts of the 
Investor Con Call held on February 29, 2024. 
You may also find the transcripts on company’s website at https://www.ksolves.com/investors 
This is for your information and records. 
For Ksolves India Limited 
Ksolves India Limited (Formerly known as Ksolves India Private Limited) 
Registered. Office.: 317/276-Second floor, Lane No.3, Mehrauli Road, Saidulajab, Saket, New Delhi-110030, 
Corporate Office: Parexl, B-4, 1st Floor, B-Block, Sector 63, Noida-201301 
Telephone No: 0120-4983851 Email Id: cs@ksolves.com Website: www.ksolves.com 
  
CIN: L72900DL2014PLC269020

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
 
Ksolves India Limited 
 
Q3 & 9M FY24 
 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Ratan Srivastava - Chairman and Managing Director 
Manish Gurnani - Chief Technology Officer 
Umang Soni - Chief Financial Officer 
Kirti Sharma - Business Development Head 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and I welcome you all to the 
Investor Conference Call of Ksolves India Limited. Today on the call 
from the management we have with us Mr. Ratan Srivastava, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Manish Gurnani, Chief 
Technology Officer; Ms. Kirti, Business Development Head, and Mr. 
Umang Soni, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business, 
performance highlights for the quarter that went by, the growth plans, 
and the vision for the coming year. Post which we will open the floor 
for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you, Vinay. So good evening, everyone. First of all, Vinay 
thank you for doing all the arrangements for our first concall. So this 
is our first concall. So I can understand that investors are here to know 
about us and about the business and about the numbers. And as part of 
my understanding that as I stated that this is our first call, so in first 
part, we will divide this concall in two part or three part I can say. 
That first part, we will focus on what we do, what is our business. 
Second part, we will cover the numbers and third part, the question 
answer. 
 
So now we are going to start from the why Ksolves? Manish, can you 
go to the next screen? Okay. So we have around 490 people and we 
are listed on NSE and BSE both three and a half years before. We are 
Odoo Gold Partner. We have a partnership with the AWS. We have 
partnership with the RedHat. We have partnership with the Salesforce. 
We are a world partner of Salesforce also. This year, we have awarded 
by Nasscom, by Dun & Bradstreet, and then the most prestigious 
award we have got by the ET, the MSME year of the award. And then 
we are CMMI3 certified company. A part of this, we are ISO certified 
also. Manish, go to the next slide. 
 
Now I'm coming to the business strength and strategies. Business 
strategies, first thing is that, the revenue from multiple geographics, 
we are not, I can say that depend on one country. We have a business 
from so many countries. We are covering most of the business from 
the North America, Europe and a few other countries. We have 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
experienced, promoters and management expertise. In Board, we have 
people from the prestigious colleges, and they have experience and 
they have a great experience. And our management, for example as 
CTO, he has a vast experience in technology. 
 
Customer satisfaction, I can say that customer satisfaction and revenue 
from longstanding customer relationship. We have so many customers 
who are working with us, since long time, and few of them are even 
working with more than five years, six years, okay. And we have, I 
can say that the business is diversified across several verticals. We are 
not dependent one vertical. Scalable business model we have. So this 
is our strength and strategies. Next screen, Manish. 
 
The optimal utilisation of the resources. So we always try to increase 
the utilisation of the resources. How we can add skills so that we can 
get a better rates from the customer. We try to invest in infrastructure 
and the technology. For example, we are focusing on the AI/ML, and 
the Generative AI, which is right now, every customer is asking for 
the AI/ML developers. We focus on the efficiency. Efficiency means 
how we can increase the output from the developers and it happens. It 
is possible only when we provide them a proper guidance and proper 
training. 
 
Expand our current business relationship. We do regular calls with the 
customer, existing customers. So to know that if they have any other 
requirement, if they are planning for expansion and they are looking 
for other vendors and they don't know that we have that capabilities. 
We try to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees. I can 
say that this is the most benefit, we have received. We have got after 
launching the IPO when we made this company public. Now we can 
get easily good skilled employees or skilled freshers from the reputed 
colleges, because we have now brand. I can say that this is the 
additional benefit or the main benefit, when we became the public. 
Next, Manish. 
 
Way forward? How we are looking the way forward? Definitely 
hybrid delivery model. After Corona, I can see that people are not very 
much interested to come daily office, but definitely they are coming 
2x to 3x in a week in office. And flexible model means they are 
coming by 10 o'clock or 11 o'clock in the morning, and they are 
leaving by 4 o'clock in the evening so that they can avoid the traffic. 
But this is the hybrid delivery model. Some people are working from 
the home. If they are experienced people, then we are giving them this 
liberty, but definitely we are not compromising with the quality. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
 
And I can see that benefit of this hybrid delivery model is directly 
reflecting in the output. They are giving us better output because they 
are getting the flexibility. We are targeting the enterprise customers so 
that we can get long-term projects, long duration projects. We are 
trying to maintain hyper revenue growth path, increasing revenue per 
employee. As I stated in the last sheet, that in by changing the 
technologies, from one technology to another technology, and 
definitely technology should be evolving. Then in that case, we are 
able to increase the revenue per employee. 
 
Product innovation, we have invested our time and energy to develop 
some products also. In Odoo, we have developed so many products, 
and one of the product is very successful. And that has generated 
around ₹1 billion revenue in last three, four years. And also, we have 
developed one application, a big application is Salesforce. For that 
Salesforce application, Salesforce has invited us for events so that we 
can showcase our capabilities. We are attending the webinars, events 
now, okay. We are spending money to attend the events. We are 
sending our people to other countries or other states even in India to 
attend the events for the branding, and I can see the direct impact of 
this event participation. Recently, we have done one event for AI/ML 
and we can see that queries are coming. Okay. Next, Manish. 
 
Growth drivers, I have already explained you the increased utilisation, 
smart investment. As I said that smart investment means, some 
product development, hiring resources, maintaining always bench so 
that we can provide resources if we are getting any new requirement 
from the customer. Tech partnership, I have already explained you that 
we have a multiple partnership, with so many customers like RedHat, 
AWS, Odoo, Salesforce. Client relationship, I have already explained 
you. Next, Manish. 
 
Ksolves has developed the performance testing new vertical, the last 
quarter and I can see that right now definitely, we are trying to 
convince the customers that why performance testing is important for 
their product. Performance testing means the load testing. How much 
any application can bear the load, bear the traffic. So this is very 
important when, application grows. Next, Manish. 
 
Ksolves' capabilities, testing, experienced experts we have. We have 
industry leading tools and methodologies. Our support is excellent. 
Our data driven insights and recommendations, we have agile and 
scalable approach. Next, Manish. Umang, can you explain this? 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah. Thanks, Ratan, and thank you everyone for joining the call. So 
as you all know that we are a very shareholder friendly company, 
since listing. And in the recent financial year '23-'24, we have paid 
around ₹14.50 per share as interim dividend, and which roughly 
comes around to ₹17 crores, ₹18 crores. And if you see our sales 
growth, yeah, we have maintained a good sales growth from ₹55 
crores of last nine months of FY '22 to ₹78 crores in current nine 
months. And same goes with profit also. ₹17 crores profit was in last 
nine months of 2022. And in current nine months from April to 
December, it's ₹24.76 crores. So roughly, we have maintained a 40% 
year-on-year growth in sales and net profit. Manish, next slide. 
 
And now coming to dividends, so yeah, we have been a high dividend 
paying company and we have paid around 90% of our free cash flow 
as dividend to our shareholders. And as a percentage of EPS, we have 
paid around 74% of our EPS as dividend to our shareholders. And you 
can see the ratios here, ROE, ROCE, all these are industry bidding. 
Next? 
 
Now coming to geographical presence, so we have presence all over 
the globe. Our clients are majorly situated in North America, Europe, 
Australia, and India. So if you basically divide between export and 
domestic, so it's come around roughly around 81.5%, which is our 
export sales, and 18.5% roughly comes to our domestic Indian 
customers. And out of that, major focus of an international business is 
in North America, which comes to around 66%, and Europe comes to 
7.5%. So that's roughly bifurcation of our revenue based on the 
geography. Ratan? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So we are, you can say that the service-based company, our revenue is 
coming from the services 97%, and from the products we are getting 
3% revenue. And in future, even I can say that we will be majorly 
focused on the service-based company as other big giants are focusing 
on the services. Definitely, we will develop some products, but it will 
just to train our existing resources to migrate into the new technology 
and maybe sometimes it will help us to generate some revenue. But 
yes, the major focus will be the services. And services is divided in 
two part, development and consulting. So development means, 
suppose if any customer has existing product, then we start direct from 
the development. And if suppose any customer is coming from the 
scratch, he has a requirement, but he does not know that how to do 
this and what technology he should do. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
Then in that case, we start from the consultant and then consulting, 
then we provide them the development also. In product, we have 
managed services, we have Odoo and we have Salesforce. Next? 
Technology verticals, Manish will explain you. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
So to start so we are highly focused on two niche areas of technology, 
specifically AI and Generative AI. People other companies might have 
started looking into this, but we have already developed solutions onto 
this. For example, for Generative AI, we are working with a very 
major Fortune 500 client to Telecom, and we have built with them, 
intelligent ChatGPT like solution, which can help them in managing 
their site operations. So the challenge is that when you set up these 
sites, you have these heavy manuals that technician needs to go 
through. 
 
What we have done is we have come up with a solution wherein all 
those different type of document, those different manuals, they are fed 
into a ChatGPT like model, and that model now can behave. It can 
answer any technician's queries. So this is one of the biggest use case 
for Generative AI that we have recently delivered. And the other one, 
again for Generative AI only. So this is again for a very major 
manufacturing company, which is into fluid management. So what it's 
an industry leader. So what we have to know what there is, so when 
they build these heavy machines, these machines internally have 
smaller parts. 
 
All those parts need to be quality controlled. Then they need to 
verified that the that is all correct. So all those quality reports, they 
need to be verified. This is all being done manually so far. This was 
all being done manually. What we have done is we have worked with 
them, and we are coming with a solution which will do this automated 
by Generative AI based models. So you have a quality test report. You 
use that report. You feed that report to that model. That model will 
read that report. It will sort of understand what that report means. And 
based on the answer, it will say that this quality report is passed or not. 
 
Then coming to another use case, for AI, this is again for a very major 
telecom giant, telecom company that we have done. For them, what 
we did is to we have built them a solution which can auto detect any 
modem before it is about to fail. And we have implemented that 
solution as a very nice dashboard, which shows which areas can have 
some problems. So now the technicians can proactively look at that 
dashboard, and then they will know where the problem can happen. So 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
this is a predictive plus, prescriptive AI solution that we have 
developed for them. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Prediction and prescription. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Right. Then coming to another major area that we have is for Big 
Data. So for Big Data, we are working on for one of our very big 
European customers. And we have used Apache and NiFi, an open 
source technology to move terabytes of data across different type of 
databases. These database could be SQL, could be NoSQL. We have 
developed custom processors, which do all of this job for them. 
 
Then for another so for, we also worked on a government project, 
wherein we built a microservices based solution, which can manage 
close to 120 million users at any time. So we have built, Ksolves has 
developed that portal for government, and that portal is able to take a 
load of close to 110 million to 120 million users. This is all very high 
end technology. 
 
Another area that we have worked with the government on the same 
project was, so they needed to process close to millions of different 
type of documents. So they are close to different, they are almost 30 to 
40 different categories of document. So earlier, what was being done 
was that you have to create a separate process, separate flow for each 
type of document, where you had to create 40 different type of flows 
in Big Data to manage those different type of documents. 
 
We work with them, and we have designed a solution which is built 
on Big Data technology called Apache Spark, which allows them to, 
so now it has been built like an engine. You do not need any more if 
you have any form that you need to process through that, it is all 
completion driven. You do not need to code anything. It is all you can 
do your work in let's say and accept. And that form says the document 
will be processed by that engine seamlessly. So this Spark engine, this 
Spark-based solution was also developed by Ksolves. And this engine 
can process close to millions of files with 100s of records each. So 
effectively, billions of records can be process through this engine. 
 
Then coming to other areas, so all these technologies, right, they work 
any Big Data or AI/ML, right, they need a very good DevOps 
architecture and DevOps design also. What DevOps means is you 
need to manage all these systems which are processing these huge 
amount of data. Those systems should be robust. Those systems 
should be scalable. Today, if I've got, let's say 100, let's say today, that 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
system is able to manage 1 million users. Tomorrow, if I have, let's 
say 120, let's say maybe 1 million to 2 million extra users, that system 
should be automatically scalable. It should scale on its own. So that 
part is all being managed by Ksolves DevOps team. Then with 
Salesforce, Salesforce is a CRM, which is used across all over the 
world, right? 
 
Ksolves has almost 100 plus Salesforce developers, certified 
developers, certified architects, and we have been doing a lot of 
services-based development in Salesforce. We are providing engineers 
to other, some of the big, big companies who need Salesforce 
developers who design and develop their applications. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Big and small companies, they have the idea. They want to develop 
their product, so we are providing them our certified engineers to 
develop their product. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Right. So then, maybe moving to next slide now. So this is the 
services tool. Essentially, what all I explained about, right? The details 
of that is explained over here. So like I mentioned about AI and 
Generative AI, right? The tool that we use, we work on computer 
vision. We work on NLP. We work on deep learning, right? Similarly, 
for Salesforce, we work on like Salesforce development as well as 
Salesforce consulting. We do Salesforce migration. We do Salesforce 
integration with other third-party applications. 
 
We have our own Salesforce product Lead Manager Ninja also 
deployed onto the Salesforce App Store. Then in Big Data, some of 
the technologies that I mentioned is, Kafka, NiFi, Cassandra, Spark. 
And in case if you sort of search in Google for Cassandra and NiFi 
development company in India or NiFi development company in 
India, you will see that Ksolves is coming in the top. 
 
We work across clouds. So again, the same for enterprise technology, 
it is more linked to Java, Microservices, Spring. And then for DevOps, 
we work across all the clouds as well as circle some technology 
specifically DevOps. I'll then skip to the next? Yes. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So basically, we have a team, which is divided in two part. One 
is this staff augmentation. The another is the project based model. 
Project based model is again, divided in two part. One is T&M, and 
one is the fixed cost. So overall revenue is divided in, I can say the 
overall revenue is coming through three different category of 
developers. Staff augmentation, T&M, and fixed cost. So our major 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
revenue is coming from the T&M, and then fixed cost, and then the 
staff augmentation. 
 
Next. Service process. Then whenever we start any project from the 
start from the scratch, then definitely start from the requirement 
gathering. After the requirement gathering, we start the development 
plan. Then we ensure that whatever we have delivered, it should have 
the good quality. And then after the good quality, once the project is 
stable and then customers start getting the revenue, then they ask for 
the new features and the maintenance for the existing features. 
 
Next. This is Dashboard Ninja, which I have already explained you 
that this is one of our top selling product, which has generated around 
more than 1 million revenue in last three years, and it is running 
number one on the Odoo App Store since last three years. 
 
Next. This is the Clientele. Basically, in the Clientele, if you will see 
these customers are the mostly U.S. based customer, but as I stated, 
and Manish also explained that few companies for them, we are 
working by using Generative AI or AI/ML or the Big Data, they have 
requested that not to request their name. We said that. We don't have 
any problem. And I think that every so many companies are doing the 
same thing. 
 
So as Manish said that Fortune 500 customer, you will not see their 
name. But, yes, they are Fortune 500, and they are telecom-based 
company. 
 
Yes. Next. Business analysis, industries. Actually, we have divided 
our business into that how many industries we are serving. So first is 
IT and services, e-governance, BFSI, marketing, health care, 
manufacturing, retail, Edutech, and telecom, and some others. 
Revenue by business units, product is we can say that I told you all it, 
this thing that 3% is coming from the product and 97% is coming from 
the services. 
 
And we have, again, explained here that how much revenue is coming 
from the health care manufacturing. We can cover this in the question 
and answer now. Next. Umang? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah. So this is our revenue breakup as I already stated. Typically, 
divides our revenue in domestic and export. So you can say 82% was 
export and around 18% is domestic revenue. And again, here we see 
the geographical revenue breakup, of which North America is the 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
leading one. Around 67% belongs to North America, and 7% Europe, 
7% around rest of the world, and around 18% belongs to Indian 
customers. 
 
Yeah. Next. So this is basically the revenue by geography that I 
recently stated in a pie chart, and this is our technologic bifurcation of 
our revenue. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Next. Quarterly highlights. Yes, Umang. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah. So as you see our quarterly performance, and we sent FY'23 
quarter three. Year-on-year, the revenue growth was 38.3%, and our 
PAT increased 44.7%. And if you compare it with previous quarter, 
which is September '23, our revenue from operations have increased 
from 9.4%, and PAT has increased 8.6%. And we have maintained an 
EBITDA or OPM margin of around 40 plus percentage altogether in 
all the quarters. Next. We are done everything. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So all done, Umang? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah. That's pretty much. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So, Vinay, I think we have covered all the points. We can start 
the question-and-answers. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. Sure. Manish, can you end the presentation. Thank you. We'll 
take the first question from the line of Ravi Kumar Naredi. You can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
Thank you very much. Are you able to listen me? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Go ahead, Ravi. I think he got disconnected. Anybody who wishes to 
ask a question, use the option of raise hand. We'll take the first 
question from Lalit Rai. Lalit, you can go ahead. 
 
Lalit Rai: 
Yeah. Hello. Good evening, everyone. So one, firstly, we would have 
-- you did mention that now we have some large clients as well. There 
must be a huge number of small or mid-sized companies as well. 
People who are not so well versed with the latest technologies coming 
up, a lot of the time, not even aware of what they should be really 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
implementing at their end. So is it the case that a lot of them approach 
you with a kind of problem and where you have to, what you 
implement, right? 
 
So right from at your end, thinking about what is the right fit for them, 
identifying the right tools, then implementing it, and also maintaining 
it for them over time. Is that how it works for most of the clients? And 
is that the reason why we have margins which are significantly higher 
than what we see elsewhere in the IT space? So it kind of becomes a 
blend of a lot of consulting as well. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So thank you, Lalit. Yes, I can say that margin is related to this, but 
first of all, I will explain you that, yes. You are correct. Whenever any 
customer come to us, we try to understand that what kind of solution 
will be fit for his requirement. For example, there are two, three 
clouds, Google Clouds, AWS, and Azure. And the fourth option is that 
in-house. In in-house means she does not want to go for cloud? 
Because of -- suppose any bank is coming. For example, bank is 
coming, and they're very much concerned about the data. 
 
So in that case, we study their requirement, and we suggest them that 
which cloud will be good for them, which technology they should use. 
For example, PHP, Java, .NET. Same thing they can do. But it is not 
necessary that in every requirement, PHP will be fit. In every 
requirement, Java will be fit, and in every requirement, .NET will be 
fit. So we suggest them the technology. We suggest them the servers, 
what kind of servers they should use. And based on that, we start the 
project. Yes, it definitely affects the margin. 
 
And margin, you have raised the question about the margin. So I will 
say that margin is high because we are working on the complex 
technologies, which is not I can say that available at this rate at our 
level companies. For example, AI/ML, Big Data, Salesforce. So for 
these technologies, rates are high, and that's why margins are high. 
AI/ML, right now, hourly rate, I can say, what we are getting at this 
moment, $31 per employee, per hour. Am I correct, Umang? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
And at the same time, for the Odoo, which is not I can say that, at that 
level were AI/ML, or Generative AI stands. For Odoo, we are getting 
$17 per hour. In sheet, you may see that we are getting revenue higher 
than AI/ML with Odoo. But in future, you may see that the revenue 
generated by the AI/ML is higher as compared to the Odoo. Because 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
we have started moving there. And yet, I have covered all the things 
which you have asked, or I missed anything, Lalit? 
 
Lalit Rai: 
You have covered, Ratan. Thank you so much for that. Also, the 
second question was around just trying to understand the evolution of 
these guys, right? So Salesforce is there and Odoo is there. So one is 
San Francisco, U.S. based company. The other is a Belgium company. 
So these guys probably came up and developed technologies over 
there. They had some of their own implementers. And then, around 
them in that geography, they would have developed an ecosystem of 
other people, smaller companies who were supporting their 
implementation or maintenance because they alone couldn't have done 
that. 
 
So is there a very large opportunity in the sense that, initially, most of 
their ecosystem evolved around the western geographies and where 
billing rates would be very high, maybe going from $70 to $120, $130 
per hour kind of billing rates. And now, we are able to come in and 
learn these technologies and implement them for the clients and 
wherein we are able to -- as you mentioned, at the higher end, even 
when we are doing AI based product, Udhaar Pay also, we are able to 
offer at prices as low as $31, whereas in the west, from what I read 
online resources are very, very expensive way above $100 an hour. 
 
So does that become a big pull? And so while we may see Salesforce 
and Odoo as they become and Salesforce already is very, very large. 
So as they become very large and they kind of be mature and we have 
seen sales courses growth come off from the 40%, 50% kind of CAGR 
or you earlier, it was even higher, and now it's in the teens. But so we 
have that tailwind that Salesforce and Odoo are still growing and 
growing well. 
 
And at the same time, you will have this shift, which can happen in 
terms of this outsourcing opportunity where you are competing with 
people who are operating at 5x, 6x your billing rates. So you will 
always have a great value proposition, and therefore that part of the 
business can keep shifting here. We are still very small in terms of 
size. So does that mean that for many years because of this equation, 
we will continue to see an above industry kind of growth rate? And 
we've been clocking phenomenal growth rates, and congratulations to 
you for that. But can we sustain these, what seem to be pretty high 
rates of growth? 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So, Lalit, you have asked so many things in one question? But I will 
try to cover each and everything. So first thing that, right now I'm in 
Sydney. And today I was in a Salesforce Tower at Sydney for event. 
And I was able to clearly see the difference, what market Salesforce is 
focusing and what market Odoo is focusing? So at this moment, the 
market with Salesforce is focusing is I can say that it's higher as 
compared to Odoo. So rates are definitely higher for the Salesforce 
and as compared to Odoo. 
 
Right now, if you will search on the Internet and if you will see the 
revenue generated by us in the Odoo, you can see that maybe we are 
one of the top 10 vendors in all over the world, and if you will see the 
revenue for Odoo. But Salesforce, we are still working, means we're 
behind with so many people. 
 
But definitely, we are moving forward. We are adding the capabilities. 
One year before, we were silver, then this year, we became gold, and 
then next year, we may have some good news. So that is the difference 
between the Salesforce and the Odoo, but we will always want to have 
our bread and butter. Everything. Means, I have started this company 
with the PHP technology 12 years before. This still, have that PHP. 
 
I don't leave anything, but definitely, my focus is more on the latest 
technology. As I said that AI/ML, Big Data, Salesforce, because that's 
how I am able to retain my developers, my employees. I have people 
who are working with us more than five years, six years, seven years, 
eight years, nine years, 10 years. Reason, I always keep changing the 
technology. I always try to work on the latest technology so that I can 
work on, I can get complex work, and I can get higher rates, and I can 
give them the higher salary. So that is the reason, I'm able to work on 
this technology. 
 
And margin, now you're talking about the margin. I would like to be 
conservative. So what I see that for this year and for next three years, 
this year, I would be able to maintain 37% plus minus 2%. And for 
next three years, definitely, it will be industry beating if everything 
goes well. 
 
Lalit Rai: 
My question was more around, so there was one more element to it, 
which was around growth rate. So this whole price arbitrage or cost 
arbitrage for the client, where we are able to offer billing rates of $17 
to $31, right? And whereas in the west for similar work, the billing 
rates would be $70 to well upwards of $100. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
So in our space, on the cloud side and on the side of, so we've already 
seen all this play out for the larger companies, right, and for TCS and 
Infosys and HCL Tech, et cetera, in the pre-cloud era, right, which is 
now saturated and which is why we are seeing growth rates plateau 
out. But on the Cloud side, are we seeing so this opportunity of 
offshoring, is there still a long way to go which will ensure that we are 
able to sustain very high rates of growth for many years to come? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, I've been again try to give one example. Three years before or 
what we are doing right now. Three years before, what rates we were 
getting and right now what rates we are getting. There's a huge 
difference. Because the expertise level got increased. And the question 
which you are saying, that that, I would be able to maintain. Sorry, 
Manish. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
Let me take that. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. 
 
Manish Gurnani: 
So see, definitely, what it will depend for number one, it will depend 
from different technology. If you're talking about AI/ML, yes, we 
would have sustained that highlight, because AI/ML is going to grow, 
what we see. It is a growing technology, and we are sure that we will 
be able to maintain that. 
 
If we talk about, let's say, what about Cloud. right? What Cloud was 
10 years back and what Cloud is today, right? The rates will definitely 
different, correct? How that difference, how that matters to us is the 
onshore rates will always be high. You will not get AI/ML engineers 
at the same rate, what you are getting in India, right? This definitely 
plays in as a positive for us, because we get. See what we also wanted, 
we are still, I would say, a small player compared to these big force, 
right? But what we want is we need, we have a team which is capable 
to work on these high end technologies. All they need is some projects 
wherein we can demonstrate that capability. So keeping these rates 
help us get those projects. And once we have worked with the client 
and delivered these projects, the option opens up for other projects 
also, which is what we are seeing. So I will give you an example, 
right. 
 
We started work with one of our U.S. clients for this AI/ML, right. We 
started small and today that client has given us almost double the work 
of what they had earlier, what they were earlier giving. This again, 
that same telecom giant, that I earlier mentioned in network. They 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
started with two AI/ML resources. Today, we have got almost double 
or triple of that. And that is the way that we start small. But once we 
get in the project, right, people are able to see the capabilities of our 
engineers, and then they're able to have more confidence on us, and 
then they are able to give us more work relative to that. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See Lalit, basically what I understand means, still we are a small as 
compared to big names you stated. So if any customer come to us, first 
they want to see our capabilities. And once they start seeing our 
performance, then they start asking for more developers, then they 
start giving us more work. In that way, we can say that with the same 
customer. We start from for example, 3,000 and in next six month, we 
end to the 15,000. So they keep adding the resources. They keep 
adding the work. Once they start seeing our performance, our work, 
our culture. So this is what I have observed and what I'm seeing here. 
 
Once we will have the brand and the name in, okay, then maybe they 
will start opening all the cards in one time. But right now, they are 
very careful. Okay. They start from the small assignment, but they 
keep adding the works. I can give you one example. There's one 
customer who was I can say that nine months before, he was giving us 
a $80 to $100 per month, but right now he is giving us $30,000 per 
month for AI/ML. And our customers are mainly the small cap 
customers. They have the fund. They have the idea, but they do not 
have that much of fund where they can hire developers from the big 
companies. But they want to work on the complex technologies. So 
they come to us. They start from the small things, and then they grow. 
 
Lalit Rai: 
Sure. Thanks a lot, and I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Ravi Kumar Naredi, since he had 
got muted last time. Ravi, please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
Yeah. Well, you had just given the reply. We will grow more than 
industry leverage. So what is the growth of industry first? And what 
visibility you are having for next two to three years? And instead of 
paying so much handsome dividend, can you go for buyback like TCS 
and INFY doing? And how many employees we have added in 
financial year '24? And what is our attrition rate? These are my 
questions. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Four questions you have asked. Attrition rate? 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
Yeah. 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
How many employees we have added? And two questions, that what 
will be the numbers in next three years? And fourth, where we are, 
what we are expecting or what we are means, as we said that the 
industry beating. So what we are saying. 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
Yeah. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So definitely, I will stick on that point. Industry beating means 
because companies who are at our level. And maybe little higher than 
us. So industry beating means we will be better than them for next 
three years, first answer. Second answer is that this year, we will try to 
have a growth of 37 plus minus 2%. Third the number of resources the 
total hire this year. Right now, I do not have exact number, but I can 
give you the number in the last three months is, it is around 30 to 40 
resources. If you can drop me the email, I can send you the total 
number of firing in last one year. Okay. And attrition rate, Umang, I 
think it is 19%. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yes, 19%. 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
Ratan, what is the growth of industries? Can you quantify in the 
percentage term? You are doing excellently good job. That is not a 
second thought. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I think 25% to 30%. 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
25% to 30%. And one more reply you had not given about buyback 
and the dividend. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I will think about this, but currently I will keep giving the dividend. 
 
Ravi Kumar Naredi: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Darshil Jhaveri. You can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Hi, good evening team, and thank you so much for taking my 
question. Firstly, congratulations on a great set of results. So just 
wanted to ask like, as you said like AI is maybe we are getting nearly 
2x the rate of other what our services are. As AI grows, will it be said 
or assume that a margin could also become substantially better, or 
does AI have so you say we'll have a proposed increase in our costs 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
also. So I just wanted to go for margin trajectory. And like I think, be 
it the 40% consistently or maybe even go higher? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Margin, I said that I will not give you the number for the next three 
months, three years. It will be in distributing. And for AI/ML, I would 
like to be conservative. But for AI/ML, definitely we can see that the 
huge scope is huge demand is there. 
 
And right now, we are not able to fulfil the demand. So that's why we 
are hiring the people from junior to seniors. Even in the market, not 
enough capable resources are available. So we need to train people 
first. So because the requirement which we are getting from the 
customers, it is not simple. It is not something like that you just have 
people from the market AI/ML engineers, and you can. You need 
really experts. 
 
As compared to other technologies, this technology is really very 
complex. They should have excellent mathematics knowledge. They 
should have excellent logic. So rates are high because demand is 
tough. So that's why I'm saying that right now, it is the double net we 
are getting from the other technologies. And in future, as we will 
grow, as we will add more capabilities in AI/ML area, we will 
definitely get a better rates, better revenue from the AI/ML. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay. And I just wanted to know like how does our service contracts 
and everything? Do we have annual contract? Or how does that just 
pay off? Like, do we have an order book? Or how does just explain 
the whole system of that? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See, we have almost for all the customers. We have the contracts for at 
least six month, three to six month. And for some customers, one year. 
We have the contract. And for some customers, which who are 
coming just for support packages, mostly they are coming for the 
Odoo. So they just come for the one month or two months. So for 
those kind of customers, we do not have agreement. But for other 
customers, definitely for most of them, we have the agreements, right, 
Umang? 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
So what would be that currently like as of date, what would be that 
odd agreement? What would be odd value? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang, can you answer on this? 
 
Umang Soni: 
Sorry. Darshil, can you repeat? 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Sure. Like as mentioned, we have a lot of contracts. Some are for one 
month, some up for three to six months. So what would be maybe the 
value of those contracts that we have currently? Like in terms of that 
our good visibility for us, like, currency, right? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
See whenever we are ending any quarter. So I can say that almost 80% 
to 90% customer, we can see that they will be us with for the next 
quarters. 70% to 80% on customers. And then in the next quarter, we 
have again targets and we keep we add more customers. In that way, 
we are growing. At least 70% to 80% customers, I can see that they 
are with us for long-term. With every quarter when we are ending the 
quarter. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay. So just one last question. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Again I will give you one example. Suppose if I'm ending quarter ₹28 
crore for example. And if I'm starting the new quarter, I will have to I 
should have an idea that from where I'm getting, I'm going to start and 
what will be the pipeline. So I can see that I am able to start from this 
little bit 5% up, 10% up, or 10% minus, okay, from the same point. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay, and just a last question in terms of any kind of risk that you see 
like, we want to provide a good number. Like, do you feel that some 
kind of micro or macro risk that is new per se that something that the 
industry can face? Like anything, but there's maybe a demand 
constraint or supply constraint maybe something that you can, see? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Honestly speaking, my honest answer will be that the demands which 
we are getting right now, we are not able to fulfil that because of the 
resource crunches, good resource crunches, experts. So I can see that 
demand side is high as compared to the supply. Supply means 
problem is the supply that we are not able to fulfil all the 
requirements. Sometimes their requirements are very complex. 
Sometimes we do not have that kind of resources available in the 
market. So demands are still there in the market. I do not see any 
crunch for the demands. Problem is on the resource side. So that's why 
we keep hiring people. We are trying to maintain the bench. 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Darshil. We'll take the next question from Saurabh 
Sadhwani. Saurabh, please go ahead. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. Ratan ji now you are looking at 
onshore model for company so are you feeling that your contract size 
and contract duration is going to increase and second how are margins 
going to get affect because of this? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
First of all, since last two years, I'm trying to have resources onshore. 
But I'm not sure that I should say fortunate or unfortunate, but 
situation in other countries like U.S., Europe is not good right now. 
They are trying to reduce their expenses. So they are increasing the 
outsourcing. I can give you one example. Latest happened. He has 
released his CTO, and he said that he wants someone from the India 
because he can reduce his cost. And it happened 2x, 3x in last nine 
months. So they want to decrease the cost. I'm not saying that onshore 
development, going to be close or what? But demand is now less for 
onshore. They are getting the same kind of quality. India is growing. 
People are working very hard. The availability problem means I can 
say that people are available almost anytime. 
 
So what they are seeing that, if they are getting the quality, if they are 
getting the availability, then why they should not have people 
offshore? So I tried many times to put resources on-site, but every 
time what I was getting response from that, Ratan, same thing if I'm 
getting from the India, same qualities, same support. Then why 
unnecessary, it is the expense. 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
But do you plan to open sales offices in other job office like America 
and Europe? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I have sales office in U.S. Okay and in last nine months in Ksolves, 
almost six to seven or eight people have got the business visa. Because 
after Corona, it was completely stopped by the government. And what 
I have observed for company like us, people who are meeting to the 
customer, they should be good in technology too. Not only the sales. 
Because we are targeting mostly or you can say that most of the 
customers are the small cap customers. So they want someone who 
understand their problem as well as they can provide the solution also. 
Means, as I think someone asked that consulting also, what consulting 
and development? 
 
So onsite sales, hiring a salesperson, I hired. But somehow, it could 
not be successful at this level because people were, when people 
started asking the technical things, somehow it could not execute. So 
what is happening right now, I'm traveling most of the time, U.S., 
Australia, or whatever. Because I have the technology background. I 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
have the business understanding. And from the next quarter, few more 
people for example, Manish is getting the Visa. Our Delivery Head 
got the Visa. So many people have, our Business Development Head 
is going to get the Visa. They will start traveling because they have 
the business sense plus technology knowledge also. 
 
They can provide the consulting as well as the solution. So right now, 
it is not a good idea. But when we will grow, definitely, we will have 
or we should have sales office or salespeople in other countries. But at 
this level, it is unnecessary, I can say that expense. 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani: 
Okay. Thank you, Ratan. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we go to the next participant, I have a request on 
the chat. Ravi Sharma, can you go ahead and unmute and ask your 
question, please? 
 
Ravi Sharma: 
Thanks, team for allowing me to ask the question. Ratan, thank you 
for explaining all the things. First of all, congratulations to the team. I 
just have one question, that what is the typical average project 
duration and revenue? Means, what is the typical average, project 
duration around six months? How we retain how the revenue is from 
them? Do we have a long lasting contracts or a short-term contract? 
Exactly how Ksolves working is? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
I will give you few examples. I will try to give you examples. I can 
give you answer in one line also, but I would like to give you some 
examples. I have one customer who have started with $3,000 10 years 
before. Right now, he is giving us $125,000 per month. And it is a 
long lasting, right. But still I can say that it will continue. It will 
continue. 
 
Another example is that five years before, I have started with one 
customer. That customer is into the real estate, and they have started 
from 16,000 per month. And still they are working with that, and the 
current billing is 60,000, 16,000 to 60,000 per month. So we have so 
many customers who have started with us with small amount of work 
and money, but now the money per month is increased and the amount 
of the work also increased. And they have product, which they can say 
that, see they will never stop the adding features. They will never stop 
the maintenance of the existing features. 
 
For example, you have e-commerce application. So it is not something 
that you have deployed that e-commerce application on server, and 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
you will forget the person who has done the deployment. You will 
have to keep that resource to maintain the server. You will have to 
keep that resource to add the features. You will have to keep that 
resource to add new features, maintain new features. So I can see, and 
I can feel that whenever any project is start, most of the time it is a 
long duration. Only thing is that the project start from the small 
amount, small work, and gradually it increased. It increases. 
 
For example, if any project is starting this month maybe from ₹3,000, 
₹1,500. After six month, I can say that there's 70%, 80% chances that 
customer will be with us, and the amount of the work will increase, 
the amount of the money will increase, because we always try to 
understand that what else he is looking a part of the existing business. 
 
I will give you one more example. If that person is asking to 
implement the ERP by using the Odoo, it means he has the application 
for Odoo. He has the ERP to maintain his inventory. But at the same 
time, he will have application to sell his SKUs or inventories, which 
will be definitely developed into another technology. So we suggest 
we try to know that what he is using to sell his project, his product. He 
is coming to manage his inventory, but definitely, he's selling his 
inventories through some other technologies. 
 
And then maybe he may have a requirement to manage the huge data. 
For example, huge products, number of products, or he wants to have 
an idea that in which month, which product he should have in 
inventory. He does not want all the products in inventory all the time. 
So for that thing, he may have a requirement to implement the AI/ML. 
So in that way, we try to keep understanding his business. We try to 
keep suggesting that how he can increase the business. 
 
I can give you one example. I met with one person in U.S. few months 
back, and he came for the Odoo ERP. I said that, so are you 
maintaining all the products in your warehouse? He said that's yes. I 
said that, so how much you have data? He said that for last 20 years, I 
have the data. I said that, it means you have the data that in which 
month, which item people are asking. He said that, yes. Then I said 
that why you are not applying the machine learning? In that way, I 
have generated the machine learning work also. Work got increased, 
business got increased, revenue got increased. So that is the way we 
increase the work with the existing resource. And that is the reason we 
have so many customer who are working with us since long time. I 
hope I have given you the answer. 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
Ravi Sharma: 
Thank you, Ratan. This is what I wanted to know, actually, that, yes, 
we are retaining the customers. Once we are having them and then we 
are retaining them, this is what my agenda was to have a look on it. 
Thank you, Ratan. Thank you for the explanation. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, Ravi. We'll take one more question from chat by Mr. Harsh. 
What would be the percentage of consulting revenue out of the service 
revenue? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
It is tough. Right now, I don't think that I have that data handy, but 
most of the time we provide the consulting, before starting the 
services. Most of the time because customer with the fresh, most of 
the time come with either they come with fresh requirement or they 
come with some problems with the existing projects done by some 
other vendors. Then we understand, then we provide them consulting 
that what should be the exact technology, what should be the exact 
solution, and then we start the development. Most of the time, 
consulting is the part of the services. 
 
Moderator: 
The second question is, would it be possible to give a breakup of the 
revenue? How much of it would be from time and material contracts? 
How much of it would be from fixed price. And how much of it would 
be from staff augmentation? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang has. Umang, you can go ahead. 
 
Umang Soni: 
Yeah. So round, you can say, 8% is from staff augmentation, and 24% 
is fixed cost, and rest is T&M which comes to around 65%, 66%. So 
major of our revenue comes from T&M then fixed cost, and very less 
of it is from subcontracting or staff augmentation. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
And in future, we will increase the revenue from the fixed cost, then 
T&M, and then the staff augmentation. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Anil Kumar. Anil, you 
can unmute, please. We'll move on to the next participant, Aman 
Agrawal. You can unmute, please. Yeah, Anil, please go ahead. 
 
Anil Kumar: 
Yeah. Okay. So thank you. Thank you for taking the question. So, 
Ratan, I wanted to understand like, how is the revenue visibility for 
the coming two, three, five years probably down the line? How do you 
see this company growing and going? And obviously, you have told 
about the margin somewhere near 37% plus minus 2 would be the 
EBITDA margin, I believe? 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
 
The other question is, you have discussed about the pipeline, though, 
but I would like to understand, like as you said, like, you are not hiring 
people in the answer. That's a good point. That's a cost saving for us. 
But are you kind of creating a big bunch of people from India who can 
basically pitch those clients either through VCs or through in-person? 
Some person may be required in-person, but majority can be done 
through VCs as well. So how is that growth looking like? How is that 
pipeline that can grow? I mean, because if that grows, then only 
revenues will grow and then, eventually the business will grow. 
Obviously, you would have thought of, but I would like to, I mean, 
have your puts -- you put this, put colour on this. So that we get an 
understanding and visibility on this? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Can you come your question one-by-one? I will be here to answer 
you. 
 
Anil Kumar: 
Okay. So how is the need looking like for probably next two, three, 
five years? I mean what will be the growth percentages that we can 
expect? Obviously, the markets or the economy will be ups and 
downs? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
So as I stated that this year, it will be 37 plus minus 2%. For next three 
to five years, definitely, it will be in distributing. I'm not giving the 
number right now. But as the companies who are at our level are little 
higher than us, definitely, will be better than us. Definitely means if 
everything goes well. As we are doing, considering the past 14 
quarters, I assume that we will be better. We will have industry 
beating. Second question your… 
 
Anil Kumar: 
Can we expect something in the range of 40s? Because that is the -- be 
your historical growth has been phenomenal. So can we expect that in 
the range of 40s? And also, like I think in 2022, you had said like, you 
will achieve ₹250 crores of revenue. So is that, intact? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
₹250 crores in how many years? 
 
Anil Kumar: 
I think it was by '27 or so. In five years that you had told that. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Considering the current growth, if everything goes well, I hope that 
we would be able to manage this. Hello? 
 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Are you done, can you hear us? I think there's a problem in his line. 
We'll take the next question from Aman Agrawal. Aman, you can go 
ahead, please. 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
Very good afternoon, Ratan, Umang and Manish. And first of all, 
congratulations, your whole team, and a big applause to you, having 
maintain a very good operating efficiency and good margins. So first 
of all, I have three questions. So one is, as you said about this, you 
create a product in the Salesforce also. So can you give me, just some 
brief or as elaborate on this product and its market demand. Like, you 
create I did two products there, and with your presentation? This is my 
first question. 
 
And the second question is, you said that you maintain a hybrid 
delivery model. So this is there. Secondly, I saw in your financials. 
Like, there's a certain increase in rental offices expenses also in like, 
from ₹62 lakhs to ₹69 lakhs. So and your company is doing very 
great. You have great cash flows. So don't you have any plan for 
permanent establishments in the organisations rather than just might 
temporary because it may would affect on your deviation also if you 
create a safe and increasing capital? 
 
And my third question is, can you elaborate, like, if you -- you are 
doing very great with the sales, but still any plan, collaboration, or 
partnership in respect to AI sales for the incoming next five year with 
the amazing trend or opportunity like semiconductor sector or any 
growth like this is having growth in next ticket, like, we can see now? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Okay. So I think your first question was that you want to know that, 
something about our product, right? Salesforce and Dashboard Ninja. 
See, Dashboard Ninja is something which generate the reports about 
your sales, about your revenue, everything. And this is completely 
customised solution, based on your requirement. You can customise it 
on yours. Definitely, you may have some time need help from the 
Ksolves. But it will be very, I can say that, rare. 
 
If you have a technology knowledge, then you can customise it very 
easily. Salesforce product, we have developed, the name of that 
product is Lead Manager. Do you want to say anything? 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
No. No. No. I'm just -- you continue. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Lead Manager Ninja, which is a kind of SMS and WhatsApp sending 
application. You can send multiple 1,000 or millions of SMS or 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
WhatsApp messages to your customers. For example, suppose you 
have an e-commerce application. You are the owner of any e-
commerce application, and you are selling your products on-site, on 
online. You want to send them offers. You want to update them about 
something good. You want to update them or good or some news. In 
that cases, you would like to send them messages and WhatsApp 
messages and normal SMS. This application is providing that feature. 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
Is it in health care or something? Did it also include… 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
You can use it anywhere for health care, for e-commerce, for 
anywhere. Even for example, suppose you have 500 friends and 
relatives, and you want to manage everything through Salesforce. 
Then you can have a few licenses, or maybe you can start from one 
license, and then you can start sending them SMS and WhatsApp 
through this application. What is the benefit? You will say that this 
mobile application is already providing you this feature. You can 
manage the history. You can import. You can export. Whatever. You 
can change the system from here to there, there to here. So means you 
can track the history. You can search any particular content. So that 
kind of facility, it is providing. You can schedule the messages. 
 
So it is already few companies are doing the same thing. But what we 
are adding in this product, we are adding a data privacy feature. Okay. 
Means, we are providing them the data privacy. Means, we are saying 
that you create your own account on the third-party, for example, 
Twilio. We will not have access. You will just integrate, and you will 
have all the data. It is your data. So data privacy and the support, 24x7 
times support and less cost. 
 
Your next question is that rental office. Rental office expenses 
definitely increased, and it will increase. Because people have started 
coming to the office, and we are also encouraging them to come office 
so that we can create a positive environment, and we can create the -- 
we can train the freshers. It help us to train the freshers. It help us to 
create, to train the resources who does not have expertise in that 
particular technology, and someone has that knowledge, but that 
person is not available in the office. 
 
So now people have started coming to the office, but definitely, it is 
not five days and eight hours in a week, 40 hours in a week, but they 
are coming twice, thrice in a week. Permanent office, definitely, at this 
moment, I will never take. Because it comes with several restriction. 
First thing, expansion is not easy. Suppose right now, if I am, buying 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
an office for 100 people, and next year, if I want to increase the team 
size, either I will have to buy a new office, then it means I will have to 
-- managing the office expenses will get increased unnecessary. 
 
Better is that if I will move to the new office with bigger size. And 
you can see that these days, so many big companies are moving to 
smart works. I'm not going to take the name, but so many big 
companies. They're going to smart works to expand the business in 2 
tier, 3 tier cities rapidly. And same thing we are doing. We have 
managed offices in Indore. We have managed office in Pune. We have 
managed office in the Noida. Maybe we will go to the move, in bigger 
office in Noida, in bigger office in the Pune, and it is very easy 
because we do not have any obligation with, we do not have any 
boundation with that particular landlord. 
 
Your next question was the semiconductor thing. We will focus only 
on the software development services. We're not going to move into 
embedded semiconductor or any other domain until, unless we are not 
big. And I don't think that in next three to five years, we are going to 
like something that. 
 
Aman Agrawal: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Aman. We'll take the last question for the day from 
Abhinav Shrivastava. Abhinav, you can go ahead. 
 
Abhinav Shrivastava: 
Thank you and good evening, everyone. As I can see, Ksolves is 
working with many clients, but I need to know, what is the average 
client age in Ksolves? 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Umang, can you answer this? 
 
Umang Soni: 
So, as Ratan already stated, typically, client comes with a small 
amount of work and a small assignment and a small amount. So 
typically, on an average, if you see the average client, that is stay with 
us, it's around and recurring revenue. So it's around three to five years. 
 
Abhinav Shrivastava: 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Since that was the last question for the day, I would invite 
the management to give any closing comments before we end this call. 
 
Ratan Srivastava: 
Thank you, Vinay. I think this was my first con call. So this is I can 
say that I do not have enough to say. Definitely, next two months 

Ksolves India Limited (KSOLVES) 
Investor Conference Call 
February 29, 2024 04:00 PM IST 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
went, I will have, next quarter result, I will have more to discuss. But 
thank you to all the people who have joined this call, who have asked 
questions with me. Maybe for some questions, I could not reply you 
properly. In that case, you can send me email, ir@ksolves.com. I will 
definitely, give you the better answer if you're not happy with the or if 
you could not get the proper answer. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you to all the participants, and thank you to the management 
for this call. You may all disconnect now. 
