 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 9th February, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code:533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 5th February, 2024 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 18th January, 2024 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 5th February, 2024. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
Manisha Saraf
Digitally signed by Manisha Saraf 
Date: 2024.02.09 17:38:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited” 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. R. K. BAHETI – DIRECTOR -FINANCE & CFO 
MR. MITANSHU SHAH – HEAD -FINANCE 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VP -FINANCE 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3FY24 
Earnings Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have with us today Mr. Pranav Amin – Managing Director, Mr. 
R. K. Baheti – Director-Finance & CFO, Mr. Mitanshu Shah – 
Head -Finance and Mr. Ajay Kumar Desai – Senior VP-Finance. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R. K. Baheti. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Thank you. Good afternoon. I thank everyone to join our 3rd 
Quarter Results Call. 
Straight away, I will go to “Financials”: 
During the quarter, our total revenue for the Company grew by 
8% to Rs. 1,631 crores. EBITDA also moved up and is Rs. 269 
crores, which is 16.5% of sales and net profit grew by 48% to Rs. 
180 crores. 
During the 9 months period cumulative up to December 2023, our 
revenue grew by 11% to Rs. 4,712 crores. EBITDA is Rs. 697 
crores which is 15% of sales and grew by 22%. Net profit is Rs. 
438 crores, it grew by 42% versus Y-o-Y. Before considering non-
recurring items of corresponding period. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
EBITDA and net profits are not exactly comparable with the 
previous year corresponding number as almost Rs. 64 crores and 
Rs. 180 crores of cash expenses and Rs. 14 and Rs. 37 crores of 
depreciation has been expensed out in Q3 and 9 months 
respectively for new manufacturing facilities which you are aware, 
were earlier capitalized. So from 1st of January 2023 onwards, 
we have started charging off all expenses to P&L.  
Our gross margin stayed at around healthy 70%.  
EPS for the quarter before non-recurring items is 9.18 per share 
versus 6.76 in the corresponding period last year. 
“Cash Flow and Borrowings”: 
The Company generated a healthy cash flow of Rs. 652 crores 
over 9 months period December 2023. After meeting its CAPEX 
as well as working capital requirement, net cash inflow was Rs. 
309 crores, which was used in paying dividend and repayment of 
borrowings.  
The gross borrowing is reduced to Rs. 575 crores, as compared 
to Rs. 686 crores on December 22. The Company has about Rs. 
156 crores of cash in hand versus Rs. 146 crores last year same 
period. 
I will now hand over the call to Pranav for discussing both “India 
Business and the International Generics”. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you, Mr. Baheti. 
Despite the muted demand in the antibiotics and respiratory 
market, the India business grew by 9% to Rs. 596 crores.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Specialty 
therapies 
performed 
better 
than 
the 
market. 
Gynaecology, gastro, antidiabetic and ophthalmology therapies 
outpaced the market growth.  
We performed relatively better than the market in antibiotic and 
respiratory segments on a higher base in the previous year Q3.  
New launches continue to do well with promising future launches 
across key segments.  
Animal Health had a fantastic quarter and this is business that's 
been doing very well for us. It grew by 32% during the quarter. 
Coming to the “International Business”: 
We had a very satisfactory quarter with exceptional growth in the 
ex-US generics. The US business also grew 9% on the back of 
11 launches. The US business is looking better right now with new 
facilities already commercialized. As they ramp up, we will get a 
lot of operating leverage and cost improvements are also on track. 
There is no further large CAPEX needed for the international 
business and we will have only maintenance CAPEX as well as 
some API expansion, including in therapies such as GLP-1 and 
debottlenecking. 
The API business has been very strong for us over the last couple 
of years. The de-growth this quarter was due to lower offtake from 
a few select customers since it's getting lumpy. I expect another 
quarter or two maybe weaker, and then  we should be back to our 
regular growth rate that we demonstrated in the past.  
R&D expense was at 7% of sales at Rs. 114 crores for the quarter. 
As we have been saying in the calls in the last couple of years, 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
our goal was to bring this down and we are constantly optimizing 
this and improvements are on track.  
We filed 5 ANDAs during the quarter and cumulatively end up 
filings at 257.  
We also received seven approvals and launched 11 products.  
We should launch about 5 products in the next quarter as well. 
The U.S. generics business grew 9% to Rs. 474 crores for the 
quarter.  
The ex-US grew by 32% to Rs. 272 crores, and the API business 
degrew by 11% to Rs. 289 crores. 
With that, I would like to open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Rashmi 
Shetty from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
One question on the other expenses, excluding the R&D, the 
other expenses were pretty low and my assumption is that last 
time you all said that Rs. 60 crores to Rs. 70 crores we are already 
expanding new facility costs. So is there any one off included in 
this or it is basically because of the cost improvement program 
and what are those cost improvement programs and whether this 
number will be sustainable or not in the future? 
R. K. Baheti: 
 I didn't understand your exact numbers but  what we have said 
is R&D we will keep it at around Rs. 500 crores for the year and 
we are on track. We have already started charging off all the 
expenses from new facilities which were earlier being capitalized 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
and numbers are in line, they are the numbers which somebody 
can take as a base. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And in your US business, what kind of price erosion we are 
seeing? Whether, we have already done 20 launches in nine 
months and I think that was the guidance. Any more launches are 
we expecting in quarter four? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes,  2-3 things. One, it's tough to say on the price erosion in the 
market because it's a factor of multiple products. Generally, it is  
little lower than what we had last year, but it still exists. It's product 
to product. It can range anywhere between 5% to 30% depending 
on the incumbent who comes into the market. But it's  little better. 
So we don't comment on, it's very tough to give a number for the 
price erosion. As regards new launches, yes,  we will continue 
doing it. And then my opening statement, I said that we will launch 
about at least 5 products in the fourth quarter. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sir how many products? Sorry, I did not take it. 
Pranav Amin: 
At least 5. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And what is the guidance for FY25 for the launches? 
Pranav Amin: 
We haven't given guidance, but I expect at least 10 to 15 
launches. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And last question is on tax rate, what should we take it for this 
year because 9 months because of the deferred tax, the tax rate 
has come down. So if you can give that and what should we take 
it for next two years? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
R. K. Baheti:    
 Tax is a computed number on profit for the purpose of taxation. 
We'll get some coverage on impairment losses etc. And that's 
how the tax rate is looked. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sir, any number would you like to share for FY25? Is it that we 
should take 17%-18% in FY25? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Yes, that's right. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
The normalized tax, right? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai 
from HSBC Securities and Capital Markets India Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: My question is again on R&D. So looking at nine months number, 
you are very much in line with your earlier guidance of Rs. 500 
crores or below. So how should we look at your R&D approach 
ahead? Because obviously you are optimizing R&D costs, but 
how will you build up pipelines for US? And you can also talk 
about the kind of products where you are spending the majority 
of your R&D focus as of now? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes,  if you see our broad R&D spend; we don't give a segment-
wise break-up, but I can give a flavor of where we are and where 
we intend to be. About 5-7 years back it was only OSD. As we 
went on, today, if you look at it, we have OSD, the APIs at the 
chemistry bit, we have injectables, Derm, we have Ophthalmic, 
these are the broad areas that we are spending on. What's 
happened is OSD as a percentage of the total mix has come 
down, Derm has come down because Derm, the portfolio that we 
wished to do, we've done a bulk of that portfolio, so Derm has 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
come down quite a bit. Those are the two areas where we've seen 
a reduction, where we've seen either flat or gentle increases on 
the chemistry side and the injectables as we build up a more 
portfolio of injectables. And injectables will continue growing 
moving forward, injectables and Ophthalmic. 
Damayanti Kerai: So OSD, Derm, as you said, has come down in a way that you're 
giving or optimizing costs here and spending more on newer 
growth areas like injectables. So as of now, can you just give us 
some indication, say, out of 100, how much is Derm plus OSD as 
a part of your pipeline and how much is the newer? 
Pranav Amin: 
 As I said, we don't give this breakup because it keeps changing 
and it gets lumpy also, so we don't give this breakup of segment 
wise R&D spend. 
Damayanti Kerai: And Pranav, did you mention in your opening remarks that you 
are focusing on or you are working on GLP-1 drug also? If yes, 
can you comment a bit more about it? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes that's an interesting area that is there. The P-4, the launches 
are still a little away but these are interesting APIs and 
formulations. We have got peptide capability as well. Hence we're 
looking at entering the segment, we started it so we can get some 
of the filings done and we'll see how it goes. 
Damayanti Kerai: Filings you haven't started like it's in development right now, but 
you are targeting most of the opportunities. And my second 
question is on your utilization on the newer plants, so in your 
press release saying like you will be seeing better pickup or better 
supplies from the new plants in coming quarter. So, like how much 
you have covered the space so far in terms of utilization for new 
plant? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Pranav Amin: 
Utilization still, again, you have to peel through the layers to see 
the utilization. In certain areas, we are doing pretty okay and bulk 
of them we are still quite low and we'll pick up as we go along. 
The way I anticipated is Ophthalmic, we should be near  practical 
capacity utilization in another 6 months, our Vial line should be 
okay in another 6 months. On the Oncology injectable side, we're 
seeing good pickup. And the two areas where we will have some 
capacity and it will take a little longer, but that's okay, that's just 
the nature of the business because these are late expiring 
products is on the OSD side of the oncology and on the PFS side 
of the injectables. 
Damayanti Kerai: Sorry, which part of injectables? I didn't get you. 
Pranav Amin: 
On the PFS, pre-filled as a capacity utilization. There are some 
products which will more than take care of the cost if we get those 
launches, but I am talking about on the capacity utilization. 
Damayanti Kerai: And for next year, you said 10 to 15 launches in the US, so I 
assume with these kind of launches, like 25 this year, if you do 
like another 5 in fourth quarter, and then in 25, you're targeting 10 
to 15. So that should be reasonably picking up your plant 
utilizations, right? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, absolutely. What's happened with launches this year is we 
gradually get market share. And with the new launches that come 
next year, we'll help. Apart from this, we also have some CMO 
opportunities we're pursuing for some of the lines. So those have 
also helped with the plant utilization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anushka Vora 
from Vimana Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Anushka Vora: 
 I had a couple of questions, I've just recently started tracking the 
Company and I had a couple of questions. The first one was 
amongst all your geographies, will the ex-US be a major growth 
area going forward? 
Pranav Amin: 
The ex US, we have a little different strategy. And if you see the 
last few years,  I see CAGR is about 15%.  We've been growing 
pretty well in these territories. The large territories that we 
participate in, and we participate through partners is Europe, 
Canada, Australia, Brazil, South Africa. These are the big ones 
that we do. And we've done pretty well in that. And that we'll 
continue growing as a territory. 
Anushka Vora: 
And my second question is around the API business. So how is 
that API business performing from the realization and a margin 
point of view? And how do we see this realization going ahead? 
Is this majorly going to be volume driven? 
Pranav Amin: 
The API business has been a pretty good business for us. In the 
last 4-5 years, if you look at the CAGR, it must be about 11% to 
15%. So slowly and steadily going, we have a very good quality 
of API business. By that what I mean is we have a good bunch of 
customers all over the world and we have done pretty well. I 
anticipate moving forward this business will also continue 
growing. A quarter or two maybe a little lower, a little slower 
because we have some big business which are  little lumpy, which 
comes once every 3, 4, 5 quarters and that's what causes a big 
bump. So a quarter or two maybe a little lower and start increasing 
it again. API business is a good margin business for us. It's a 
decent EBITDA, decent margin for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from 
DSP Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Chirag Dagli: 
Just, you know, you've launched about 11 products in the 3rd 
Quarter. Overall, over the last 2 years, you probably have about 
30 odd products launches and typically you've said that you 
gradually build up market share. In how many of these that you've 
recently launched is your market share still suboptimal where you 
think you can go up? 
Pranav Amin: 
 it's not always a question about market share, it is a question of 
what price you get in the market. Just pure market share doesn't 
make sense. You don't want to burn up your capacities only to 
sell at cents. So it really depends. If we don't have a target market 
share that we get into, we want to see where we can make the 
most money. Yes, there are some products that are a little lower 
than the market. But I do know as time goes by, we may get 
opportunities in them. But you are right, we do go a little slower. I 
don't have a set figure for you. But Yes, we could do better in 
some products. It depends on what price and all. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And this $57 million a quarter kind of a number that we've done. 
Is this like absolute base Pranav or is there still anything which 
you fear can be lost in terms of pricing etc? 
Pranav Amin: 
This is the new base. See there's no sartans, there's no huge 
chunks of that in the business anymore. Few small one-time 
opportunities which you get every quarter so that continues. So it 
is the base and if it's going to even moving forward, I anticipate 
this would be the new base or like 54, 55 could be the new base. 
But I can't predict that because it really depends on the next guy, 
some new incumbent comes and will break this, actually drop the 
prices even further, then we may walk out of the business.  As of 
now, this is the base, it seems. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Chirag Dagli: 
And just from an environment standpoint, any new thoughts that 
you have for the US market in terms of what's changing, whether 
we are better placed or do you still continue to think that? 
Pranav Amin: 
Good question, Chirag. the US market is looking a little better 
compared to where we were, two years back, a year and a half 
back. It is looking a little better. There is still, being a good supply 
partner still being valued in spite of the price erosion that you see. 
And it's just that we have all the items in place, all the things in 
place, be it the front end, which looks for opportunities, the back 
end which can respond to the opportunities. So it's looking little 
better. Having said that, the returns are down compared to what 
they were 3-4 years back, hence a lower R&D spend on the US 
side. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. Have we got any long term contracts? 
Pranav Amin: 
In the US generics? 
Chirag Dagli: 
Yes. 
Pranav Amin: 
No, we haven't gotten into any of that because we're looking at it 
to see if it makes sense. While principally a long term contract 
would make sense, but I think one must read the fine print and 
we're evaluating those if it makes sense for us. 
Chirag Dagli: 
But competitors are getting long term contracts, you are still 
evaluating. Is the way to think about it? 
Pranav Amin: 
We have evaluated it. I don't like some of the fine print, hence I 
haven't jumped into it. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar 
Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So just on the US business again like at this base business 
of $57 million, so would we be profitable or like at a breakeven? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes  the US business is profitable. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Domestic being a legacy business, I'm assuming it would 
be in the range of 25% EBITDA margin, overall. 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't give a breakup of EBITDA margins. I don't think we've 
ever given it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Bharat Celly 
from Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Just wanted to understand on US generics. So, have we seen any 
growth in the US volume business? 
Pranav Amin: 
On the volume business side, yes, we are seeing an increase in 
the volumes of the business that is there.  On a nine-month basis, 
we definitely have compared to last year. 
Bharat Celly: 
And since you mentioned that you are still not clear on taking a 
new contract, so what is the particular reason for that? Is it 
surprising part or is it holding you back? 
Pranav Amin: 
Let me just backstep a little bit. And this is a question that Chirag 
asked earlier. What is happening is that some of the buyers are 
trying to get into a long-term contract. Right now, in terms of long-
term contract, a lot of them have approached us. We are still 
evaluating, we are still negotiating with them because one has to 
read the print, right? As a Company, we have to see in the long 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
run what is beneficial for us and where the liabilities could be and 
that is why we're just waiting and watching. We don't want to jump 
into it as yet. 
Bharat Celly: 
And sir, when we talk about US market, how do you see from the 
new launching perspective, when you launch a new product, what 
sort of price erosion you see? When the price erosion for the 
incremental new products is very high, how do you see it? 
Pranav Amin: 
 Price erosion is tough to say. It depends product to product. So 
an incumbent may come and we've seen one product recently 
where we were there, the market was settled and new person 
came and it dropped at about 40%-50%. So you can see that kind 
of erosion also. But generally, it depends on who the competitors 
are, what the volumes are, what the shares are. It's very tough to 
comment on that. 
Bharat Celly: 
So I am asking ex of our R&D expenses, our other expenses has 
actually gone down by Rs. 20 crores sequentially. So is it because 
of some cost control measures or there is something else which 
is leading to this and how should we see it going forward? 
R. K. Baheti: 
No, I don't think so. Everything is normal in business. I don't think 
there is any particular reason for any impact. Maybe in pharma  
Q2, there's some higher promo expense than Q3. Probably that's 
the only difference. 
Pranav Amin: 
Mr. Baheti, the other thing is, there's a little bit of saving on the 
RM and the sourcing side. I think that may be reflected. 
R. K. Baheti: 
No, that’s not part of other expense, Pranav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishesh who is 
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Vishesh: 
I've got two questions here. First, could you please quantify the 
overall revenue from your new facilities in the whole for, let's say, 
Q3 of financial year 24? 
R. K. Baheti: 
No, we don't give product wise details, some of the facility wise 
details. That's very difficult to provide. 
Vishesh: 
And sir when can we see a good operation taking place regarding 
the new facilities, like operating leverage? 
Pranav Amin: 
When do we expect to see operating leverage in the new 
facilities? 
Vishesh: 
Yes. When can you see? 
Pranav Amin: 
I think someone earlier asked a question about capacity utilization 
in the new facilities. Now the new facilities are all operational. The 
capacity utilization right now is pretty low and what I meant by 
operating leverage is as we go along, and as we have more 
product coming out, we have more opportunities and that will 
raise the operating leverage and costs will come down, your 
unabsorbed overheads will come down. That will help operating 
leverage, which will ultimately reflect in the margins of the 
Company as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishabh Dugal 
from Fino Wealth Financial. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh Dugal: 
 I have just one question. My question is, will the US business, 
will it be naturally driven by better product mix or what will it be? 
Pranav Amin: 
 The US business, what will happen is, as you get the number, as 
you have broader portfolios, you have more products getting into 
the market, that is right. One of the reasons why we made these 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
investments into new capabilities, such as injectable, peptides, 
oncology, is incremental competition there is much lesser on the 
OSD side. And also on this, as you go towards more complex 
products, you will hopefully see lesser price erosion and bigger 
product opportunities. That's the way we approach in the US 
market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. R. K. Baheti for closing 
comments. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Thanks. As you all know, it's a pleasure to interact with all of you 
and we will continue looking so quarter after quarter. Thank you 
very much for joining again and see you next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
