 
 
 
SPARC/Sec/SE/2023-24/080  
January 15, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Limited,  
Market Operations Dept. 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,   
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: NSE:                                                           SPARC; BSE: 532872 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Investor’s call on PROSEEK Program held on January 6, 2024 
   
Please find attached herewith a copy of the transcript of the Investor’s Call on PROSEEK 
Program held on January 6, 2024 
 
The aforesaid transcript shall also be available on the website of the Company.  
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd.  
 
 
Kajal Damania 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
KAJAL 
DAMANIA
Digitally signed by KAJAL 
DAMANIA 
DN: cn=KAJAL DAMANIA, 
o=SPIL.COM, ou=SPIL, 
email=kajal.damania@sparcmail.co
m, c=IN 
Date: 2024.01.15 14:14:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
“Sun Pharma Advanced Research Company Ltd. (SPARC) 
Transcript of Investor Call held on January 06, 2024 
Update on PROSEEK Program”
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANIL RAGHAVAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. JAYDEEP ISSRANI – HEAD BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, CORPORATE
COMMUNICATIONS & INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SPARC Conference Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Jaydeep Issrani. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Jaydeep Issrani: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is 
Jaydeep Issrani, I head the Business Development and Investor Relations at 
SPARC. On behalf of SPARC, I welcome you to today's call and appreciate you 
for taking the time out on a Saturday evening to attend the call. 
I'm joined by our CEO, Mr. Anil Raghavan and the senior management team 
at SPARC. 
Anil will walk you through the presentation, which we have shared earlier. 
And after his presentation, we will open the call for questions. 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that our discussion today includes 
forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties 
associated with our business, hence the actual results may be different from 
those projected in the presentation today. I will now hand it over to Mr. Anil 
Raghavan for his presentation. Over to you, Anil. 
Anil Raghavan: 
Thank you, Jaydeep. Good evening, everybody. Good morning or good 
afternoon if you are joining internationally. Thank you for taking this call on 
short notice. 
I have four key objectives for this call. I wanted to provide an update on the 
Vodobatinib Program. I want to set up our immediate priorities going in 2025-
2025 financial year for Vodobatinib particularly after the data events that 
we're expecting. And also want to provide some perspective in terms of how 
to look at this program in balanced way. We've spoken about the opportunity 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
extensively in our investor call earlier this year. Also, want to give a sense of 
some of the risks in the program that are or customary to this kind of 
programs. Finally, and probably most importantly, this is an opportunity to 
answer any questions that you may have before we go into a quiet period on 
the interim analysis. 
So, with that, let's move to Slide 3. We have a recap of the status of the 
program. We have touched upon some of this in our earlier call. Vodobatinib 
PoC program, it's called PROSEEK completed its enrollment target last year 
around October of 2023. Our target was 506 evaluable patients, we ended up 
with 513 patients globally. And the interim analysis as communicated earlier 
is planned with 85%- 86% of patients. That's the enrollment cut off was May 
of 2023. So, we have 441 patients going into this interim analysis and that is 
planned for late March-early April of 2024. As we communicated earlier, the 
broader organization will be blinded, not just a broader organization, the 
external ecosystem or investigators and others who are participating in the 
trial will also be blinded because we'll still have around 70-odd patients in 
different stages of treatment and protecting the integrity of status in those 
patients is an important consideration for the trial and also for the regulators 
in different countries. In that sense, we are committed to maintaining the 
blind and protecting this information to ensure that we don't induce 
unnecessary bias in conduct of the trial. 
The design of the program we have covered that in many earlier 
conversations, but just to give a very brief overview, it has two doses of 
Vodobatinib 168 patients in each arm 384 mg on the top dose and 192 mg on 
the lower dose against the placebo arm. As we have spoken about in the past, 
MDS-UPDRS Part-III is the primary endpoint. We have a host of secondary 
endpoints and biomarkers which are mostly exploratory. And the study also 
has Part-II long-term extension study, where patients are on the drug for 
another forty weeks, that's roughly around 10-months. So, the patients on 
Part-A and Part-B combined are for almost 80-weeks and those patients go 
through this 80-weeks period without any symptomatic therapy. So, that's the 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
design of the program and I have already talked about some of the milestones 
like interim analysis in April. The full top line data for PROSEEK is expected in 
August-September of 2024, that's when we will have full disclosure on the 
data. 
Now, moving on to the next slide, has a listing of our near-term priorities post 
availability of data from PROSEEK. The primary objective in 2024-25 financial 
year is to ensure that we move on to the next phase of development without 
a phase lag if we're fortunate to have positive data in line with expectations 
of the hypothesis. That requires several steps, most importantly, an 
agreement with the regulatory agencies globally in terms of the nature of 
registrational studies required. So, that would happen during the end of 
Phase-II consultations with USFDA and other important regulatory agencies 
globally. And we hope to do that in short order after the August-September 
data readout. 
And in parallel, we will be continuing the long-term extension study of 
PROSEEK. And as soon as we have clarity in terms of the nature of the 
registrational studies required, we hope to initiate the pivotal Phase-III 
programs globally and our strategic intent would be to minimize that lag 
between end of Phase-II and initiation of Phase-III. And we will also be using 
this time right from the availability of interim analysis data to explore and 
execute a partnering strategy so that as we move into late stage development 
post PROSEEK we can do that with a partner who we may be going with for 
commercialization of the asset. 
And as I said, the regulatory agreement is an important element in triggering 
this and it is not just about additional clinical studies required, we may also 
require additional pre-clinical studies, particularly toxicity studies, and also 
additional steps to be taken for ensuring manufacturing our business, 
particularly given the size and potential of this drug. 
So, let's go to the next slide, when we met you in the last quarter of 2023 for 
our annual investor’s update, we have spoken extensively about the program, 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
the potential of the hypothesis and its implications on the standard-of-care in 
Parkinson's disease and also more broadly about the possibilities of diseases 
driven by alpha synuclein and in the outer rung of possibility, diseases that 
are driven by other proteins impacted by oxidative stress and Abl-linked 
activation. 
We have spoken about the opportunity clearly. We thought that it is 
important given some of the communication and coverage that we are seeing 
on this drug and recently it's important to also highlight some of the risks 
which are inherent in programs like these, especially in translation programs 
in neuroscience. So, we want to highlight three-four major risks that you may 
want to keep in mind as you kind of think about these programs. 
One is the translatability of animal models in diseases like this which we have 
seen. These animal models built with intent to mimic the underlying 
mechanism and create the manifestation of disease which can be addressed 
with the drug. While they are fine from a science standpoint, their true 
validation will come, when programs which are developed with these models 
go on to clinic and get validating clinical data and go into market. 
In diseases like Parkinson's, we haven't seen significant clinical translation in 
the long-term, especially in disease-modifying therapies which are designed 
to bend the neurodegenerative arc. So, we are one of the early companies 
which is trying to translate the oxidative stress pathway and therefore these 
models carry a certain level of risk and it is important to keep that in mind as 
you evaluate this program. 
A couple of other risks that I want to highlight: 
One is about target engagement and dose. If you've been following this 
program, we have used the top dose in our animal model that is 45 mpk as a 
marker for deciding our dose for the Phase-II clinical program. The max brain 
exposure associated with the top dose in animal studies which is the most 
efficacious dose in animal study. And in early clinical studies, we matched that 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
exposure in Parkinson's patients CSF, which we believe is a good proxy for 
levels in the brain. So even though the translation process is sound, this field 
clearly lacks a target engagement marker because we cannot open the brain 
and see what happens. So, there are challenges in terms of clearly getting 
appropriate doses in humans. So, there is a certain level of approximation that 
is done by extrapolating animal data that may create certain level of risk 
which needs to be factored in. 
The third point that I want to highlight is the reproducibility of early clinical 
proof-of-concept studies as you think about repeating dose results in later 
stage clinical setting. And typically, if you look at companies which are doing 
early proof-of-concept studies and they're more smaller pilot studies and 
much of this risk comes from inadequate powering of early studies. And that 
we have tried to address some of that in the design of the PROSEEK trial. 
PROSEEK is the Phase-II program. It is an extensive study with 500-plus 
patients which is powered at around 80%. So, in that sense, even though we 
have tried to address some of the translation risk i.e. some of the risks 
associated with reproducibility of early-stage clinical results in late stage 
clinical programs, that is still a risk in the sense that it needs to be reproduced 
in the larger study in Phase-III setting. 
And the last point is which will require extensive additional work in terms of 
Phase-III programs and resourcing that and actually executing that in a timely 
manner. 
We have also in the earlier presentations talked about the opportunities for 
Vodobatinib beyond Parkinsons disease and that would require additional 
preclinical and clinical work and we are in the process of doing some of that. 
These are mainly in two buckets, which are driven by alpha synuclein like lewy 
body dementia and MSA. 
So, I was talking about additional indications for Vodobatinib which would 
require additional preclinical studies and clinical studies and some of those 
studies are currently underway. You may know that we have been working 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
with Georgetown in investigator-initiated trial to explore this program in 
smaller proof-of-concept study for lewy body dementia. We're also working 
in early stage preclinical work in Alzheimer's disease with this mechanism 
with academic investigators. So, there is additional work that needs to be 
done to fully explore the potential of this program in other indications and 
other diseases, but also in other settings in Parkinson's. If you look at the 
design of Vodobatinib PROSEEK trial, we're looking at early stage Parkinson's 
patients who are pre-symptomatic that those are patients who are very early 
in their disease process and before they get into symptomatic therapies like 
L-Dopa. If you demonstrate disease modification or bending of the 
neurodegenerative arc in the setting, clearly, there is justification for 
exploring this program in other settings in Parkinson's disease like the 
combination of symptomatic therapy. Both these settings that would require 
additional studies. 
Success on PROSEEK would be the beginning of an exclusive journey, which 
would then validate the program in the early setting, it should be our first 
registrational program, but also it will initiate a significant number of 
opportunities outside, but all of that would require an additional investment 
and additional exploration from a pre-clinical and clinical standpoint. 
That takes me to my last slide. I just wanted to highlight a few market-related 
risks here in this slide. We have seen in a recent coverage on Vodobatinib 
which in our view captures some aspects of the program not all aspects of the 
program comprehensively. So, for investors who intend to price in 
Vodobatinib's potential to their decisions and deliberate analysis of the 
potential of the program both from a sales standpoint and also extension into 
other possibility standpoint along with an understanding of cause and risk, 
and also time-to-market, it's important before you take those calls. In a 
setting like this early-stage biotechs go into data events like these, there is 
significant risk of price volatility. And that is somewhat magnified in the 
market like in the absence of informed analyst coverage, which looks at these 
programs carefully. So, when you look at reporting that is coming in, we urge 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
you to take a balanced view on the program which balances both the 
potential of the program as well as the risk of the program.  
And finally, I want to reaffirm our commitment to this area. We're going to 
see significant data coming from this program in the rest of this year with 
interim analysis and also in the final analysis. That's going to teach us a lot 
about c-Abl’s role in neurodegeneration and teach us about how the 
moderation of stress pathway is going to have a role in treating 
neurodegenerative diseases. And there is a significant number of possibilities 
in this data that you can have clear validation of this hypothesis. You can also 
have a clear debunking of this hypothesis, but there's also a lot of gray space 
in between. So, this data we're looking forward to contextualize in what we're 
going to learn and then finding ways to move forward with continuing 
exploration of this program. Not just in this area as in this hypothesis, we also 
want to reaffirm our commitment in the neurodegenerative disease. In fact, 
if we go back several years that was the bet that we have taken in that 
neurodegeneration in spite of conventional wisdom going the other way, we 
believe that the neurodegeneration is an area is maturing from a science 
standpoint and that has also been validated recently with several transactions 
happening in this space. So, we will continue to be interested, continue to be 
excited about making a dent on these difficult diseases in the 
neurodegenerative spectrum. So, with that, I will conclude my comments and 
open up this call for the questions you may have. Thank you very much again 
for attending this call on short notice. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the first 
question from the line of Ketan Gandhi from Gandhi Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
In the November 2nd presentation, you indicated on Slide 19 that 
approximately 87% of the eligible patients enrolled in part-II from part-I. 
However, in current presentation, there is no update. Do you have any update 
on that, sir? 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Anil Raghavan: 
That is true, 85% to 87% of eligible patients who are completing part-I of the 
study are eligible for continuation into a phase and long-term extension 
study. We don't have additional data. That trend continues. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
Do you interpret the rollover rate to part-2 as indicative of patients positively 
embracing the treatment or is it possibly as a result of patient not 
experiencing the desired improvement, what is your thought process on that? 
Anil Raghavan: 
It's very difficult to conclusively say that because we have significant number 
of patients on placebo. Even if they're not improving, they may want to access 
the drug in the long-term extension settings. There are a lot of motivation 
that patients are feeling better and they may want to continue. If patients feel 
that they're not feeling better, but they may be on placebo and they may want 
to transition to drug. So, there are significant number of different motivations 
that may be driving that conclusion. So, while it maybe encouraging, but it's 
difficult to draw any definitive conclusions based on that. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
On Slide 5, under the section, “Expanding Evaluation of Vodobatinib” it is 
mentioned that SPARC would explore initial registration in an early treatment 
and naive setting. Can you throw some light on regulatory pathway post the 
announcement of PROSEEK top line data in August '24, whether we would go 
for regulatory approval or we would go after Phase-III, can FDA help us in 
getting approval post EoP2? 
Anil Raghavan: 
So first let me give you a little bit of context to this statement in this 
presentation, which would explore initial registration in early treatment naive 
setting. And that is the most logical way to plan a registration like for this 
program. The patients who are coming into PROSEEK are early-stage patients 
who are treatment naïve from L-Dopa and symptomatic standpoint. So, if 
you're getting a positive readout from that trial, the least risk option from a 
registration standpoint is to repeat those studies and reproduce those results, 
which would become the basis of registration. The intent of that statement is 
that early or the initial registration setting would be a repeat of what we have 
explored and studied in PROSEEK. Now, the second part of your question is 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
“in terms of what would be an actual registration program and regulatory 
ask,” that is subject to the discussions that we need to have with the 
regulatory agencies. We are going to have end of Phase-II conversation as 
soon as we have data. And there are very many possibilities. I mean, 
traditionally, the agencies would require two additional Phase-III studies and 
that's the classical ask in these kinds of settings. But there are also other 
possibilities of like factoring into a registrational package in some form or 
fashion, but that is all strategies that would require validation and agreement 
with the agencies around the world and we intend to do that as soon as we 
have data from the PROSEEK program. So, final shape on the registrational 
package can only be clear after we have these discussions with the agency. 
Ketan Gandhi: 
Is my understanding right that we will be starting partnership program 
between interim data analysis and the top line data between that period? 
Anil Raghavan: 
That is true. We expect to initiate conversations with the potential partners. 
We may not be able to conclude that before a final data disclosure in August 
- September, but we intend to kind of use this time to engage and create 
interest and work towards a partnership as we kind of get to September. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ishita Jain from Ashika Stock 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Ishita Jain: 
Hi, Anil. Thanks for the update. Appreciate this reiteration of the risks 
associated to drug development. My first question is so our enrolment 
concluded in October 2023. Was the enrollment timeline as anticipated or did 
we face any challenges in recruiting? 
Anil Raghavan: 
Your voice is a bit muffled. I couldn't hear you. 
Ishita Jain: 
My question is that our enrollment concluded in October 2023. Was the 
enrollment timeline as anticipated or did we face any challenges in recruiting? 
Anil Raghavan: 
So, if you remember, we started this program even though technically in 2019 
the actual dosing, started in early part of 2020. Exactly when health systems 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
around the world started shutting down because of the pandemic. The initial 
couple of years have been rough for the program because most of the 
hospitals were not seeing patients in-person in hospital settings, and many of 
our endpoints require practitioners, assistants at site. So, in that sense we 
clearly have seen slower than anticipated in the first part of the study, but it 
has clearly picked up in the last 18-months or so, which helped us to conclude 
this program, almost in line with the revised timeline. We did a revision of the 
timeline during the COVID phase. So COVID induced certain delays. But other 
than that, in the last 18-months to a couple of years, the program has been 
tracking to the plan. 
Ishita Jain: 
 What I'm trying to understand is that if we go into Phase-III, what would 
mean Phase-III in terms of phase and then enrollment concerns in Phase-III, 
is that significant, I mean, obviously not withstanding existing drug 
development concerns? 
Anil Raghavan: 
I won't be able to comment on the actual size of the Phase-III program. There 
are a significant number of statistical considerations that will go into defining 
that size and it will also be informed by the data that we are seeing in PROSEEK 
in terms of the doses that are effective, what is a registrational dose that we 
want to carry and the effect size that we are seeing in the Phase-II setting. So, 
there are a lot of variables which can only be informed by data from the 
PROSEEK trial. I won't be able to clearly indicate the size of the Phase-III 
program. We expect to maintain the momentum that we had in the later part 
of PROSEEK in terms of recruitment going into the Phase-III program. Because 
we have relationships with the investigators across and the other service 
providers in this ecosystem, and we understand this space probably better 
than when we started off. So, I think we are confident that we can maintain 
the momentum that we had in the second half of this trial from an actual 
recruitment rate standpoint, but actual size of the program in terms of 
number of patients that would be required is a function of where we land 
with PROSEEK is difficult to extrapolate that now. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Ishita Jain: 
I think I'm not sure if you already mentioned it and did I miss it, but meeting 
with the agency would only be post final data, right, there would be no agency 
meeting with interim data? 
Anil Raghavan: 
Yes, the agencies would require completion of the trial and data from the ITT 
population before we can have the end of Phase-II meeting. 
Ishita Jain: 
You mentioned that we may require additional preclinical studies. What kind 
of studies would these be, I mean I know it would be around efficacy, 
concentration of drug in brain or I mean checking for a specific biomarker, 
what kind of additional preclinical studies would be required? 
Anil Raghavan: 
So, there are several toxicity studies, which are standard expectations in the 
registrational package, to give you an example, carcinogenicity studies, is a 
standard expectation in the registrational package. And there may be 
additional clinical trials like drug-drug interaction studies or other toxicity 
studies in preclinical settings. So, there are a part of customary expectations 
in a registrational setting in both preclinical studies and certain additional 
clinical studies. Clinical studies are not major clinical studies, but they are the 
studies which explore safety endpoints. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Could you please make some comments around the IP estate around 
Vodobatinib, do you have a drug substance patent, till how long does it run, 
etc.? 
Anil Raghavan: 
I don't have the exact dates in front of me, but I can indicate that he 
compensation of matter and the regulatory compensation for the 
development time, we will go into late second half of 30s from IP coverage 
and we may also have some additional patents which are covering this space 
in the method of treatment patent and also potentially formulation patent. 
So, we are confident that we may go into late second half of 2030s for sure. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Moderator: 
We'll take the question from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sir, just a couple of points. So, while the end of Phase-II discussions with the 
FDA would happen only after the final data, but trying to assume that with 
the interim data analysis, whatever the readouts that we would have, the 
same would be shared with FDA as well, and that may be useful in whenever 
we have the final discussions, this would be something like a pre-read or an 
advance discussion item that is shared with them? 
Anil Raghavan: 
We do not have current plans of sharing the interim analysis outlook, I mean, 
the data with the agency. Our next planned interaction with the agency on 
PROSEEK data would be post full data disclosure in September of '24. 
Tushar Bohra: 
In the November interaction, you had mentioned with regards to my question 
only, about two or three drugs, especially in the case of Alzheimer's, where 
FDA has shown inclination for a faster registration pathway. Is it fair to assume 
that a similar pathway is potentially one of the options for SPARC as well as in 
PROSEEK trial is large enough and pivotal enough that FDA may in one of these 
situations have that as an option that this can itself be used as a registrational 
study? 
Anil Raghavan: 
If I answer that, it would be speculative, I mean because it requires the 
agreement with the agencies, but I want to highlight a couple of points. We 
have a significant number of endpoints in PROSEEK, both clinical endpoints 
and biomarker endpoints. The possibility of an accelerated approval would be 
based on how the data comes in where all the chips fall. Especially, I mean if 
you look at the precedents in Alzheimer's or ALS recently, they have used 
conditional approval pathway which was based on validated biomarkers in 
those areas.  Alzheimer's because of the tracers and data because of the 
validation of neuronal death marker called neurofilament light had 
significantly more clarity in terms of the correlation of these biomarkers with 
clinical outcome. So, we may see similar trends and similar correlation in 
PROSEEK, but in the field at the moment we don't have validated markers like 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Alzheimer's had going into those events. So, in that sense there are some 
challenges inherent in the indication, which kind of differentiates with AD or 
ALS setting. But, there may be possibilities and I think it is highly speculative 
from our part to indicate that as a possibility at this point, because it is a 
function of what we see in the trial and also how the regulatory agency is 
reviewing that. 
Tushar Bohra: 
In previous discussions at one point I think we mentioned that there is a 
backup compound to Vodobatinib that we are looking at potentially for 
Alzheimer's as well. And I think in a previous discussion in November it was 
highlighted that Vodobatinib can also work for Alzheimer's, the alpha 
synuclein pathway if I get that right. So, which one is it? It's maybe a bit early, 
but just to understand the thought process, whether it is Vodobatinib itself 
that we may look for Alzheimer's also at some point or is there another 
compound maybe a similar domain that we may look for Alzheimer's? 
Anil Raghavan: 
I think if we continue to see preclinical data coming in the expected lines, we 
think Vodobatinib can be explored in Alzheimer's disease with activity seen in 
mechanistic studies in vitro in IPSC-derived cell, we have seen proteins like 
activated or phosphor-tau, A-β 40 and 42 moving in a positive direction with 
Vodobatinib. So, this mechanism of cAbl inhibition may have legs in diseases 
which are driven by other proteins other than alpha synuclein, and that is a 
key part of the data that we have already presented and disclosed. And that 
is what gives us the confidence to look at these other indications like a beta-
driven diseases or ALS. But from actual strategy standpoint, we have spoken 
about this in the past. We have a backup program for Vodobatinib. There are 
additional assets in that package, and we may develop an additional backup 
compound which will give us a longer IP life from a composition of matter 
standpoint of additional indications. So, we may choose to develop a backup 
compound in all the indications driven by other proteins. 
Tushar Bohra: 
On the Parkinson's, beyond PROSEEK, assuming that we need to do a Phase-
III trial, how prepared are we for launching the trial, I mean, typically phase 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
two to phase three, there is a decent lag in a number of programs, because of 
lack of preparedness on the trial design or regulatory clarity or even funding 
clarity for that matter, assuming we have a very strong positive data on 
PROSEEK and we are required for another trial, how well prepared are we, 
have we already started working in that direction, sir? 
Anil Raghavan: 
There are multiple components to that question. If you look at various 
different variables of preparedness from a late stage, one is what to do in 
terms of regulatory and scientific clarity about the nature of our registration 
trial, pivotal program that we want to have, and activities that we need to 
obtain that clarity, and then an ability to kind of design a trial according to 
those expectations and execute that. And there's a competency and scale-
related aspect which is substantial in a Phase-II to Phase-III because kind of 
competencies that you require and the scale that you require in Phase-III 
setting maybe somewhat different from a Phase-II program. As you rightfully 
pointed out, resourcing expectation is significantly more in the Phase-III 
because you may need to conduct multiple global trials to complete the 
traditional Phase-III package. So, on all these accounts, we want to address in 
the next few months and we already started working on some of the aspects 
thinking about what could be the nature of the Phase-III program from a 
science standpoint and also try to put together a sense of the capability gaps 
that we want to bridge and also the extent of resourcing that is required. So, 
we are actually doing some of those regulatory activities as well. But, we can 
only get full steam once we have clarity from PROSEEK both from the data 
standpoint and also induce certain ability to discuss this more openly and 
transparently with the other players that we need to discuss this with, for 
example, for resourcing. It's a nuanced answer. Yes, to the extent that is 
possible now, but we are extremely aware of the extent of work that needs 
to be done and it will all get in focusing those data in September. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sir, even in the eventuality that two outcomes, one where unfortunately let's 
say we don't get the relevant data outcome in PROSEEK, and two, where we 
have a very strong outcome and the trial goes through well and maybe we go 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
through to a registrational study, in both these situations also, in any case, 
you will do a trial for Vodobatinib for a symptomatic setting, right, in 
combination with L-Dopa and the existing regime, so that Part-In any case, 
you would be already working on some kind of a trial setting which is 
something any which ways do? 
Anil Raghavan: 
No. So, let's look at the spectrum of possibilities that can come on the 
PROSEEK trial. On the positive side, you can have a full validation of the 
hypothesis data in line with the design expectations of the trial. On the other 
end, you can have a full rejection of the hypothesis, in the sense that going in 
assumption about this mechanism producing a certain level of difference on 
the trajectory in neurodegeneration was not correct. So, there can be a 
rejection of hypothesis and there can be a host of possibilities in between, 
that is, it is working in patients with a certain disease severity or it is working 
with the patients who may have morbidity in the data as a background there. 
So, there are a lot of other possibilities in terms of that gray area between a 
full rejection and a full validation. The question was pertaining to the full 
rejection of the hypothesis if I understand it rightly. In that case, we don't 
believe that there is a justification for exploring this program further in any 
setting because it rejects primary mechanistic hypothesis. But, in all the other 
possibilities, whether it is full validation or validation in parts in different 
settings, that's difficult area. We think there are possibilities to move forward 
with an appropriate registration package. 
Tushar Bohra: 
I was just wondering that if the trial is successful as well, then as you said that 
you would look at Vodobatinib for the extension of the entire Parkinson's 
program, so that Part-In any case you would already be working on, right? 
Anil Raghavan: 
That if the program is successful. If Vodobatinib is proving, is validating the 
cAbl hypothesis in PROSEEK, then there is justification in extending this to 
other settings in Parkinson's disease. If it is slowing down the trajectory of the 
disease, then it can be a companion for L-Dopa and slow down late stage PD, 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
or you can think about exploring this condition. But, if it is not slowing down, 
then there is no basis. That's the point I was trying to make. 
Tushar Bohra: 
But if it is slowing down or if it is having some reaction, but maybe not 
sufficient enough to meet the trial design, in that case, is there still a scope or 
a reason to study it in symptomatic setting? 
Anil Raghavan: 
We have to take a close look at the data at that point. What we are indicating 
is that you're seeing a trend, but you may not be meeting statistical 
significance because the trend is not as strong as we initially thought. We will 
take a close look at that trend and take a call based on the data that we're 
seeing. But that is the possibility. I don't want to reject that possibility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jigar Valia from OHM Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Valia: 
Sir, if you can help understand the administrative interim approach versus the 
full interim? And while you still maintain that there might be a requirement 
for proper Phase-III and would certainly go with a partner approach and there 
would be challenges in terms of getting a leeway on the Phase-III. So, would 
want to understand with regards to the administrative and is there a slight 
possibility that it may be thought for a Phase-IV direct, so we're in a full phase 
this thing happens, but post approval? 
Anil Raghavan: 
The difference between the interim analysis or administrative interim 
analysis, the full data set is the number of patients who are going into, we 
have 441 patients going into the interim analysis in end of March or early 
April, and 513 patients going into the full data set, which would happen in 
early September next year. So, essentially, we will have practically all of the 
clinical endpoints and many of the biomarker endpoints in interim analysis, 
but not all, some biomarker endpoints would require additional time. So, we 
will have all endpoints, the primary endpoints, all the secondary endpoints 
and all the biomarker endpoints as part of the final in September, while we 
may have a substantial subset of that in the interim analysis. Substantively, 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
those are the two differences -- the number of patients and also the extent of 
data from an endpoint standpoint. Your second question is tricky, in the 
sense, I don't want to get into speculative realm. There are possibilities in 
terms of the nature of registrational expectations from different agencies. 
But, me giving a guidance in terms of what is possible at this point is 
dangerous in the sense that it is subject to significant change based on data 
and how the regulatory agency is going to see that data. So, I would refrain 
from taking a position in terms of what could be a possible registration 
package till we have those discussions with the agency. 
Jigar Valia: 
Sir, other is, since the additional patient subtypes now would require 
additional investment time, if you can help understand the partnership 
approach, would it be only for the Parkinson's disease right now or would it 
also try to cover the additional subtypes? 
Anil Raghavan: 
We are getting into this partnership process with a certain level of openness 
in terms of the kind of partnerships that we want to have. We would like to 
have a relationship which maintain some level of participation in both 
development and also commercialization of this program, plus some flexibility 
in terms of additional indications retained within SPARC. But, at the same 
time these discussions can take a life of its own once you get into them. So, in 
that sense, we are open-minded in terms of approaching our partnership 
strategy. Our baseline expectation is that we will continue to retain some level 
of role in development and commercialization, but in actual nature of 
partnership would be a function of what we are going to see in this process. 
But, we will explore that fully post the interim analysis data in March. 
Jigar Valia: 
To understand, since the partnership is going to be for the PD perspective, 
etc., would you be looking at funding for any other programs or I mean only 
this would be a priority until this is settled? So, you also have the fundraise 
approval, etc., those in place apart from the partnership what we could get. 
Anil Raghavan: 
I don't want to throw a hard line and say, partnership would only be for 
Parkinson's disease. One of the objectives for a partnership or one of the 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
drivers for seeking a partner is to expand the program aggressively. So, in that 
sense we would like to leverage both the resources and also competency 
muscle of larger partners in terms of fully exploring this program in 
Parkinson's and also in other indications. But, how we actually carve out those 
different spaces in terms of ownership and extent of deletion is a function of 
the discussion. So, we don't have a set view that the partnership is only going 
to be for a limited PD setting and SPARC would continue to resource 
everything else, that's not the intent at least going into this process. 
Jigar Valia: 
Just a hypothetical this thing is that, god forbid, in case of a negative outcome, 
will it remain open to pursue the CML indication given that this would be only 
-? 
Anil Raghavan: 
Yes, we already have clinical proof-of-concept for CML and it would require 
an additional study, we have some clarity in terms of what the study is and 
then we have to take a decision that SPARC will invest additional resources 
into conducting those trials or whether we need to see the partner today. 
That's the call that we can take once we have clarity on the data. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
If you're not going to share the administrative interim analysis with pretty 
much anybody like you said, what is the purpose of this administrative interim 
analysis? 
Anil Raghavan: 
On a question that we just had, we spoke about the partnership strategy and 
one of the key objectives of the interim analysis is to engage with the 
potential partners early on so that we can try and minimize the time that we 
require post the full data in September. So, it is not correct that we are not 
sharing this with anybody, we will share this with the potential partners under 
CDA at an appropriate level with a limited number of potential partners, that's 
the expectation at this point. 

 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Jaydeep Issrani: 
Thank you, everyone for taking out time for today's discussion. We now end 
the call. In case you have any follow-on questions, you can reach out to us on 
the e-mail and the numbers provided on our website. Thank you again. Have 
a nice weekend. 
Anil Raghavan: 
Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SPARC, that concludes this conference. 
We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
