SUPREME PETROCHEM LTD 
Regd. Office: 
Solitaire Corporate Park, Building No. 11, 5th Floor, 167, Guru Hargovindji Marg, 
Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai-400 093. INDIA 
<0 : 91-22-6709 1900 Fax - 022 - 40055681 0 CIN : L23200MH1989PLC054633 
Website: www.supremepetrochem.com • Email: 
corporate@spl.co.in 
Ref: CFNCS/86/AGM_33/2023-2024 
December 21, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
1 st Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Script Code - 500405 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, 
Mumbai _ 400 051 
Scrip Code - SPLPETRO 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Supreme Petrochem Ltd 
('The Company') 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & 
Disclosure Reguirements) Regulations. 2015 ('Listing Regulations') 
Please refer to our letter dated December 12, 2023, wherein we had informed you that the 
Company is conducting Virtual Conference Call with investors/ institutional analysts of the 
Company on December 18, 2023. 
Please note that the said conference call as scheduled was held at 03:00 PM (1ST) on December 
18, 2023. In this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, please find attached 
Transcript of the call with investors of the Company. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For SUPREME PET 
1$090012015 
ISO 140012015 
1$0450012018 
BUREAU VERITAS 
Certification 
UKAS ~!tO~ 
~1~DIAN CUSTOMS 
.·:'o.\·,Oll"E 
.••. r,\' 
\1\~\(;nlF"1' 
008 
Certificate No. INAAACS7249C2F228 
DEOKI 
NANDAN 
MISHRA
Digitally signed 
by DEOKI 
NANDAN MISHRA 
Date: 2023.12.21 
15:24:21 +05'30'

Supreme Petrochem Limited 
Management Meet Virtual Call 
December 18, 2023 
Aditya Khetan: On behalf of SMIFS Institutional Desk, we welcome you all on the virtual 
meeting of Supreme Petrochemicals. From the Rakesh Nayyar side, we have Mr. Rakesh Nair, 
CFO of the company and also D N Mishra, who is a who is the General Manager legal and the 
Company Secretary. 
From the participant 
side, we have various 
MFS and PMS 
representatives, and we will introduce them one by one during the Q&A session. I would now 
like to hand over the call to the Rakesh Nayyar and post their brief commentaries on strategy 
and growth prospects, we will devote more time on Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Nayyar: Thank you, Aditya. Good afternoon to all of you. To begin with, let me first 
give a brief overview of the company. Supreme Petrochem was formed as a joint venture 
between the Supreme Industries and Rajan Raheja Group, and it started operations in 
October 1995. The company is a leading manufacturer of polystyrene and we have a market 
share of exceeding 50% today. We are also the largest exporter of polystyrene from India, 
with customers in more than 100 countries around the globe. To widen our spectrum of 
styrenix, we entered into expanded polystyrene in 2006, and since then we have also become 
the market leaders in this segment as well. The other products of range of the company 
includes compounds and masterbatches and extruded polystyrene or XPS extruded insulation 
board of polystyrene uh, which helps in promoting green buildings movement in India. We 
are now further increasing our product range by going into manufacture of ABS through the 
mass ABS route and we have entered into a licensing agreement with Versalis of ENI Group 
Italy for the production of same. Our total capex on all the schemes which we have completed 
in this year and going forward in the next two years is around 1200 crores, and the same is 
being funded from the internal accruals and our cash reserves. On the schemes we have 
already completed this year, our brownfield expansion projects for enhancing the existing 
polystyrene and expandable polystyrene capacities at Amdoshi and Maharashtra, and also an 
expanded polystyrene at our plant at Manali in Tamil Nadu. The company's effective capacity 
now stands for polystyrene is 300 thousand tons per annum and for EPS is now 110 thousand 
tons per annum, and the phase one of the mass ABS project is moving as per schedule. When 
all these schemes are complete, the company, at almost 80%, or 75 to 80% capacity utilization 
at the current market prices, we should see a top line increase of around 3000 plus crores. 
Now I think, gentlemen, you can ask me questions. 
Aditya Khetan: We will start with the question-and-answer 
session. Anyone from the 
participant side would like to ask a question, so they may raise your hand and will take 
forward your questions. We will wait for a moment till the question que assembles, and then 
we'll take forward the questions. We'll take the question. The pt question is from Sukhbir 
Singh, he's an individual investor. Sukhbir you can go ahead. 
Sukhbir Singh: Good afternoon, sir. Mv question is that what would be the Capex for FY 24 
and FY 25? 

Rakesh Nayyar: Out of the 1200 crores, we have uh, till date incurred around 500 crores plus 
and the balance 700 crores is to be incurred by the 2025 or so as the phase one and the phase 
two will be here, so by March 2026, the full amount would be spent. 
Sukhbir Singh: Okay, sir. Is there any increase in the debt in the future? Any plans for raising 
debt in the future? 
Rakesh Nayyar: As I said, that all capex is being met from the internal accruals and our cash 
reserves, so we have no debt and we as of now, no plans to raise any debt. 
Sukhbir Singh: Ok sir. And my second question is, can you please provide us the outlook 
regarding the extruded polystyrene? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Sorry I couldn't get you. What do you want for the XPS, sir? 
Sukhbir Singh: How is the current demand going on and in future? 
Rakesh Nayyar: It is all dependent on the how the concerned people are with regard to the 
green buildings and environment. Using this not only makes one's living comfortable, but also 
helps in reducing the energy bills, and which indirectly means that the reduction in the C02 
emissions and other things. So, the currently individual users are very rarely or very minimally 
using it, I would say, though, despite our many roadshows and marketing, maybe that people 
don't want to spend money initially, but the institutional investors and the government 
projects, they are all using it now and I think that as the word-of-mouth catches on, this 
product would grow substantially and manifolds rather. Particularly in the extreme weather 
conditions, this product is of great use, be it winters or be it summers. 
Sukhbir Singh: Ok, thank you so much and my last question is about the mass ABS outlook, 
like our expansion is on track to commission according to you how is the competition in this 
segment which is increasing like ENOS is also putting up a plant? BPL is also like expanding. 
Can you please provide us some guidance towards it? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Yeah, we are aware that both are expanding now. They have made 
announcements, but then there is enough scope and enough demand in the country and it is 
growing also for all the players there is enough import happening so there will be import 
substitution happening in the country. 
Sukhbir Singh: Ok, sir. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. 
Aditya Khetan: Any other participant can raise their hand and can ask the questions. Yes, 
Lakshminarayanan Sir, you can go ahead with your question. 

Lakshminarayanan: Yeah. Thank you. Hope you can hear me. I just want to understand what 
is your volume mix by different product segments EPS, XPS and what is the capacity in that 
now? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Can you repeat your question and introduce yourself. 
Lakshminarayanan: My first question is can you just give me the volume outlook in terms of 
your sales by different product segments you have, which is expanded polystyrene and 
extruded polystyrene and any other product and what is the capacity expansion that would 
happen in these specific product segments in the future. 
Rakesh Nayyar: The demand for polystyrene this year would be low I would say the growth 
in demand, particularly because the appliances market has been low till now. The demand 
from the appliances market, and we expect that the market should grow by only 4 to 5% this 
year only. As far as EPS is concerned, we expect the market to grow by 8% or so that is the 
initial estimates here. If the unless the demand from the appliances sectors grow in the 
coming months, then maybe it will change. And what was the second part of your question? 
Lakshminarayanan: And what about extra extruded polystyrene XPS? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Extruded polystyrene should grow around; I suppose again 8 to 10% this year. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Okay, and what will be your volume in these in these segments right 
now? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Our effective as I said, it is effective but not the installed effective because 
there are various product mixes happen within in one product, also there are various grades 
and there are heavy grades and others. So, the effective capacity as per our product mix for 
polystyrene is around 300,000 tons now and for EPS is 110,000 tons. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. And, I mean, couple of years back, there was, uh, you know, I think 
LG Polymers left the market, right now, is that entire market came to us in terms of their, you 
know, whomever they were selling to? 
Rakesh Nayyar: No, there are imports happening, there are imports have gone up and also 
Styrenics is there, so the Styrenics is also have got the increase in their market share also. So, 
it is distributed between all the imports, between the Styrenics and us. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. And, have you looked at pricing globally, how it is shaping up for 
this right now? 
Rakesh Nayyar: The deltas right now are low globally and which a few years back or rather in 
the year 2021-2022 and 2022-2023, they were very healthy deltas which have now come back 

and they have now currently, because of the global scenario and environment, the deltas are 
currently low. 
lakshminarayanan: 
Ok, I mean, what is.the band you think it will it will operate at? 
Rakesh Nayyar: The normal Delta for general purpose polystyrene is around 175 to 200 
dollars and HIPS it varies between 250 to 300 dollars. That is the very normal standard deltas 
for the normal standard grades of polystyrene, and we expect it should bounce back to these 
are better than these levels now once the global external environment, 
particularly the 
Middle Eastern environment currently and all that, that settles down. 
lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And from an import point of view, how much of, you know, ABS is 
being imported? 
Rakesh Nayyar: As per the information we have the imports are in the region of 130 to 140 
thousand ton currently. 
lakshminarayanan: 
Got it, and for us as a company, I mean, what are the financial metrics 
you look at whether I mean, you must you look at I know you look at ROE and RaCE, and but 
how do you look at EBITDA per ton? What is your thing you would like to operate in at a 
company level at an EBITDA per ton? 
Rakesh Nayyar: We also look at like any other company would look at it, there is no other 
difference in that. 
lakshminarayanan: 
My question is that revenue may not be the right indicator because 
revenue is not in your hand it is to an extent, but what is more important is the at the EBITDA 
per ton you actually do not as a percentage, but EBITDA per ton as an absolute. 
Rakesh Nayyar: In refinery refining business you never do percentage business, the same 
applies here also. 
lakshminarayanan: 
My question is EBITDA per ton in absolute number? What is the band you 
are in and what is the thing you like? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Sorry I won't be able to divulge that number to you. 
lakshminarayanan: 
Ok, yeah. And in over the last five years, how that number indexed has 
actually increased. 
Rakesh Nayyar: Sorry. 
lakshminarayanan: 
Now, if I look at the EBITDA per ton, Absolute EBITDA per ton was 100 5 
years back, let's say 2018 or 2019 and how much does that reference It has moved up? 

Rakesh Nayyar: This all again I said it depends on the global deltas, If global deltas have 
jumped up in the last two years, our delta has also moved up, so that is really not a 
comparison because everything is linked to the global markets today and currently the global 
deltas are low, so the Indian deltas are also low. 
Lakshminarayanan: Right, ok. One last question, see when you look at efficiency metrics of 
your organization, what is the efficiency metric you look at? Just to understand, you know, 
theoretically what you look at? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Efficiency is that our cost of production and our call should be the lowest and 
the quality should be the best, and our quality is good that is why we are present in so many 
countries globally. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. That's very helpful, sir. Thank you so much. 
Aditya Khetan: Anyone else from the participant side? Yes, sir. 
Rakesh Nayyar: I would request that any participant to comes to ask question, you must 
introduce himself who is he? And from where is he? Because the gentleman who was there, 
I asked also. Who is from where is he? Which mutual fund? But that answer was not. 
Lakshminarayanan: Sorry sir, I think I put it in my display name, I thought it would be visible. 
My name is Lakshminarayanan. 
I manage Tunga Investments, which is an alternate 
investment fund. 
Rakesh Nayyar: Okay. Thank you. 
Lakshminarayanan: Thank you sir. 
Aditya Khetan: Anyone else from the participant side would like to ask a question, they may 
raise their hand. 
Chockalingam: Hi sir this is Chockalingam from ICiCI Prudential Asset Rakesh Nayyar. So just 
wanted to understand on your Capex plan you know, how much is pending and over what 
time frame? 
Rakesh Nayyar: We have spent about around 500 crores till now, and around 700 crores is to 
be spent over the next two years. 
Chockalingam: And typically, what would be the asset turns that we are looking from the 
products that we are getting into. Is it better than the old one or how should we think about 
it? 
Rakesh Nayyar: No, ABS is absolutely a new product. We are not there even ... , and mass ABS 
is not there in the country. 

Chockalingam: 
Correct. So how should we think about the asset turns? Is it higher than the 
existing you know polystyrene. 
Rakesh Nayyar: So existing polystyrene is an old plant now, but as far as this is concerned as 
I said that at 80% capacity in the beginning itself, I said this, that the once all these schemes 
are over, including our brownfield expansions, so our top line at current prices should go up 
by more than 3000 crores. 
Chockalingam: Okay. Sorry I missed that part, I joined in late, apologies for that. Yeah. And is 
the IRR in these kinds of projects, is there a certain, I'm sure there must be a hurdle rate at 
which you would be kind of considering capex, Is it in the teens or about 20% that you typically 
would work with? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Something internal issues. So, I can only say that the, we look at, As for your 
consumption is concerned, a simple cash payback is should be less than four years in these 
cases. 
Chockalingam: Ok, and in terms of the, you know, ABS in the new products that we are kind 
of coming in, over, what time frame do you think we will be able to start exporting or is it 
initially import substitution and then eventually at what point in time do you really think you 
can start to export and at what scale do you think? 
Rakesh Nayyar: India has sufficient demand currently, even after the somebody else in the 
previous question asked even after the other two players expanding their capacity, there is 
enough scope in India, and India is also becoming a kind of an export hub for all appliances 
and electronic products including not only the phones, but the computers and laptops and 
other devices, two wheelers and electric vehicles are again going to boom in India, so they 
are growing, I think that there will be enough demand in India itself going forward there, if 
required, we will export but that our capacity of initial capacity of 140 thousand tons should 
get be consumed in India itself. 
Chockalingam: And just a sense of how big the Indian market currently today is in terms of 
tonnage sir? 
Rakesh Nayyar: The Indian market today is closer to 275 thousand tons as of last year, that 
was the estimated numbers we have. 
Chockalingam: Okay. Understood, and in the space that we are expanding, would we have 
more land for further brownfield expansions? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Yeah, we have enough land there. 
Chockalingam: Ok. Up to what size can we go with current infrastructure? 

Rakesh Nayyar: We can increase our substantially our growth there. We have enough land 
there. 
Chockalingam: Ok, understood. Thank you, sir. 
Aditya Khetan: Anyone else from the participant side who would like to ask a question, they 
may raise their hand. 
Manan Shah: I'm Manisha from ICICI Prudential Asset Rakesh Nayyar. Just one question on 
the ABS product. If you could just help us, the differences in spreads between mass ABS and 
the and the other technology. What is the difference between the two? 
Rakesh Nayyar: I won't say that there is any difference as far as the end selling prices would 
be. It is a difference between the cost of production there should be, because the utility costs 
this is a continuous process whereas the earlier the suspension grade processes which are or 
the emulsion grade processes which has been historically or conventionally being used, there 
you have a various process which is batch processes. You make high grade rubber, you 
produce sand separately and then there is a compounding done and other additives are added 
at the compounding stage, so that's kind of a three stage, four stage process. Secondly 
because they all are at multiple locations, so that of course adds to the cost as well whereas 
this is a continuous process, so that helps in the conversion cost is certainly better here or 
lower as compared to the emulsion grade ABS. 
Manan Shah: And any ballpark range as to in maybe in percentage terms or absolute terms, 
how much are those spreads can be the delta between mass ABS technology and emulsion 
ABS? 
Rakesh Nayyar: I won't be able to tell you that at this stage, because once you unless and 
otherwise we are actually, I told it is as far as our collaborators are concerned, that the energy 
process required in the emulsion grid is almost two times to two and a half to three times 
more than what would be required in this stage. So, but then absolute numbers would be 
really known to us once we are into it. The magician given to us by our collaborators. 
Manan Shah: Majority of the difference in cost structure would be largely on account of the 
power and fuel cost. That would be the right understanding? 
Rakesh Nayyar: The operating cost, the manpower cost, all those total operating costs in a 
continuous process would be absolutely lower because if you are producing HIPS at once, 
place other place you are producing sand, you have to transport it to the third place. 
You have a third place set up separately, so all that adds to the manpower conversion cost, 
transportation cost, but in a continuous process that is not there. 
Manan Shah: Ok, sir. Thank you. 

Aditya Khetan: Next question is from Mehul Bhatt FM of Oyster Rock Capital. Sir you may go 
ahead. Hello, sir, you may go ahead with your question. Ok, till then, we'll take the next 
question. We will take the next question, which is a follow up from Lakshminarayanan Sir, 
from Tonga Investment, sir you can go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
In terms of extruded polystyrene, we were the first company to get in, 
right? so what has been the what kind of competition specs you have in that particular 
market? 
Rakesh Nayyar: We are the only player, so there is no competition as such. It is only that the 
utilization actual users. The challenges have been there that to market or rather to publicize 
the product and for which we have done many efforts were taken by us rather, I would say 
that we, I think, spent more money on the marketing efforts than the actual capital cost, 
maybe over the years and that is why because nobody was aware of this product in India and 
today, at least in the CPWD this is a recognized product and the all the government projects, 
it is a recognized project product, all the institutional buildings or the educational institutions, 
hospitals or the commercial buildings at least they have started using it now. This product 
was used through our contractors. Even in the new Parliament House, we are told that this 
product has been used in the other government buildings this product is being used now. It 
is now the awareness has come, but it is more on the institutional side and the individual uses 
as is still very low. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it, and extruded polystyrene is less than I mean less than 2% of our 
revenues now, right? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Yeah. That's right, got it. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
In terms of capacity, you mentioned that you have effective installed 
capacities around 300 thousand ton per polystyrene and 110 thousand ton EPS. Where is the 
number two and number three players in this in terms of capacity? 
Rakesh Nayyar: PS currently is the Styrenix is now the because LG is temporarily closed and 
so the third player is Styrenics. Styrenics, I don't know the exact installed effective capacity of 
theirs, but maybe as per the market numbers, they could be around 75,000 tons should be 
their current capacity, which I think they have also made some statement that they, they may 
be increasing it to some numbers. 
Lakshminarayanan: And the total Indian market is around four lakh tons, right? The total 
market for India in terms of the tonnage of polystyrene, is how much? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Last year it was 315 thousand tons or so there about. 
Lakshminarayanan: Ok, and of which imports are 130 to 140 k. 

Rakesh Nayyar: No, that is for ABS I said. I never mentioned any import numbers or 
polystyrene. 
Lakshminarayanan: Ok, and polystyrene what kind of imports are there? 
Rakesh Nayyar: I think it was close to 70,000 tons or so last year or 75,000 maybe that is the 
number. Exact numbers of imports are again are something which is all collected numbers, so 
I won't say that the I have the numbers. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
In terms of polystyrene, if you look at domestic market, what is the 
industry to which it caters? What is the industry mix to which it caters to? 
Rakesh Nayyar: You're talking about polystyrene? 
Lakshminarayanan: Correct, sir. 
Rakesh Nayyar: The polystyrene caters to the appliances segment. It caters to the stationary, 
it caters to the writing pens, then it is packaging, medical disposables, dairy then disposable 
food wares, household items, then it is used for the glass like clear sheets, which is used in 
the construction. It goes into shaving products, toys, water purifiers, wall clocks, even beads 
and bangles are made out of polystyrene, when Christmas embellishments globally are all 
made from polystyrene. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And when you look at expanded polystyrene is that the use 
similar? 
Rakesh Nayyar: The expanded polystyrene is more used for packaging and insulation food 
packaging also then cold storages and then in construction that is used. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And typically, how many clients you would have, I mean, how many 
parties you would be supplying to would it be in the range of 50 to 100 or it will be even more 
or even less? 
Rakesh Nayyar: More than that. 
Lakshminarayanan: Got it. And how does pricing happen in this? 
Rakesh Nayyar: I said everything is all linked in one way or the other way, indirectly to the 
global prices and then all your local factors come into play there, and then the grades you are 
supplying. 
Lakshminarayanan: Sorry I didn't here you that, please repeat it. 

Rakesh Nayyar: I said it is linked indirectly to the global prices but then you add all the 
domestic factors into those for the standard grades and for the other normal premium grades 
and the value-added grades, the premiums are added onto that. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
One last question, there are some things related to anti-dumping on 
polystyrene, and there is some news during 2020 and it wasn't clear, so can you just help us 
understand where do we stand? 
Rakesh Nayyar: That was recommended by the Directorate General of Trade Reliefs but then 
it was not implemented by the Ministry of Finance. 
Lakshminarayanan: Ok, got it. Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Aditya Khetan: Next question is from Mehul Bhatt sir, fund manager of Oyster Rock Capital. 
Sir, you may go ahead now. I believe we have lost the line of the participant. Sir, meanwhile, 
like I was having, some questions are like, onto the value-added grade side what is the current 
mix today? I believe earlier you had mentioned that it was around 35 to 40%. 
Rakesh Nayyar: It remains there only. 
Aditya Khetan: Ok and, sir, is there any target in mind like by FY 26 or 27? 
Rakesh Nayyar: No, as the demand grows, we will also grow. So, I can't really there is we have 
already there in the range of 35 to 40. Now currently some of the segments are low this year 
and the particularly so the demand there also slows down. 
Aditya Khetan: On to our business of expandable polystyrene, as compared to our traditional 
business of polystyrene, how much is the difference in spread? Like suppose if polystyrene 
business; .. 
Rakesh Nayyar: That is the different business, that is a processing kind of a business, so there 
is no comparison between these two products and as far as the margins, prices, selling prices, 
these are sold by square meters that is sold by tonnages, so these are different things, so 
there is no linkage to that. 
Aditya Khetan: Ok, and onto the polystyrene side also, we were hearing some news that there 
are some polystyrene ban in some countries which has been implemented so does that what 
the demand .... 
Rakesh Nayyar: For what ban have they implemented. 
Aditya Khetan: Polystyrene ban in some of the countries has been implemented. 
Rakesh Nayyar: So we have not heard such things, maybe for the somewhere, if they have 
said that you will not use it for the disposable glasses or dispose like in India, everything is 

now disposable one time use products are stopped, so that could be the thing for some other 
country, like one time use product of carry away food packaging or anything may have been 
stopped, but then as far as food goes, polystyrene is the safest product for the food contact, 
all dairy products, all yogurts, all ice creams are packed in polystyrene because it is considered 
to be the safest for food and medical disposables like test tubes that is all polystyrene then 
Aditya Khetan: Ok, got it. From the participant side, if there are any questions, we may take 
that ahead. Anyone has any questions they may like ask the questions directly. Yes Sukhbir 
Singh, you may go ahead with your question. 
Sukhbir Singh: Thank you, sir, for the opportunity again. Actually, I have one question relating 
to the styrene monomer price. So, can you please provide us like what is the current trend of 
it? 
Rakesh Nayyar: Current prices in the last few months has been in the range bound only and 
current prices are close to $1,050 or so. 
Sukhbir Singh: $1050. Ok sir, so in the near in the near future is there any further, like incline 
or drastic change according to you? 
Rakesh Nayyar: As I said, it has been now moving for the last, April to June quarter was the 
one where it saw a big fall but then post from mid-July onwards, it has been range bound $50 
up or down, but that has been in the range in which it is moving. 
Sukhbir Singh: Ok sir. Thank you so much sir. 
Aditya Khetan: Anyone else from the participant side? Any questions? You may go ahead with 
your question. From the participant side, anyone having any question or we'll have to wind 
up the call then. 
Rakesh Nayyar: Yeah Aditya, I think no one has any questions now. 
Aditya Khetan: Yes, I believe no one has any questions as of now. 
Rakesh Nayyar: So, thank you, gentlemen. Thank you very much. 
Aditya Khetan: Thank you, sir, for your time for the call. 
