 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLCO56696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 214 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Monday, January 22, 2024 
Ref:  Our earlier intimations under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 196 dated 
January 9, 2024 (‘Intimation’) and NSE & BSE / 2023-24 / 211 dated January 22, 
2024, titled as ‘Outcome and Audio call Recording of investor/analyst call held 
on Monday, January 22, 2024’ 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimation and Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached 
transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Monday, January 22, 2024, for the quarter and  
nine months ended on December 31, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website. 
 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q3FY24.pdf (persistent.com)  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: As above 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2024.01.25 
17:02:14 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 32 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
THIRD QUARTER, FY24 ENDED DEC 31, 2023” 
January 22, 2024 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Persistent Systems 
Earnings Conference Call for the Third quarter of FY24 ended December 
31, 2023. We have with us today on the call Mr. Sandeep Kalra - Executive 
Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Sunil Sapre - Executive Director 
and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi - Head of Investor 
Relations. Please note, all participants’ lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
management’s opening remarks. Should you need any assistance during 
the conference call, please raise hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the 
screen.  While asking questions, request you to please identify yourself and 
your company and please note this conference is being recorded.  I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Kalra. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, Moderator. Good Morning and Good Evening to all of you 
depending on where you're joining from. I would like to start by wishing 
everyone a very Happy New Year 2024 and I hope the New Year has started 
well for all of you. We sincerely appreciate your taking time with us despite 
today being a holiday for most of you. Before discussing our financials, I 
would like to highlight two significant recognitions we received during this 
quarter. First, we were named the most promising company of the year at 
CNBC TV18’s India Business Leadership Award. Second, Persistent was 
included in three major Capital Market indices - the MSCI India Index, S&P 
BSE 100 and S&P BSE Sensex Next 50 Indices. These recognitions are a 
testament to Persistent’s strong fundamentals, growth potential and 
competitive edge in the global technology services market as well as an 
unwavering commitment to creating sustainable value for all stakeholders 
while maintaining high corporate governance standards. 
With this, let me now start the update on our quarterly financials. I'm 
proud to share with you that we crossed the US$ 300 million mark in 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
revenues in Q3, clocking US$ 300.55 million representing a growth of 3% 
sequential quarter-on-quarter and 13.7% on year-on-year basis. In Rupee 
terms, the growth for the quarter came in at 3.6% quarter-on-quarter and 
15.2% on year-on-year basis. On a constant currency basis, this translates 
into a growth of 3.1% sequentially. 
Coming to EBIT, our EBIT margin for Q3 came in at 14.5%. The EBIT margin 
expanded 80 basis points quarter-on-quarter despite the impact of 
furloughs, aided by higher utilization, cost optimization measures 
undertaken in Q2 and lower travel cost. Sunil will provide more color on 
the EBIT margin movement later in this call. We remain committed to our 
goal of improving EBIT margins by 200-300 basis points over the next 2-3 
years. 
Now coming to the order book for the quarter, the Total Contract Value 
for the quarter came in at US$ 521.4 million with TCV of new bookings 
being US$ 277.4 million. We crossed the US$ 500 million TCV mark for the 
first time, reflecting a healthy pipeline conversion. The Annual Contract 
Value component of this TCV is US$ 392.1 million, of which the ACV from 
new bookings contributed to US$ 182.9 million. As most of you may be 
aware, 79% of our business comes from North America and we typically 
see higher quantum of renewals in the December quarter, leading to 
substantial increase in renewal ACV and TCV numbers in this quarter. This 
corresponds to the end of financial year for most of our customers in North 
America. While the demand environment remains fluid, our focus on 
account mining and large deals were key factors that aided our healthy 
order bookings in Q3. Please note, as always, these TCV and ACV numbers 
include all bookings, small and large, renewals as well as new bookings 
across existing and new customers. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
Now coming to the client engagement sizes, let me give you some color on 
our performance across client engagement sizes. We witnessed healthy 
growth among client buckets with our Top-5 customer revenue up 2.1% 
sequential quarter-on-quarter, Top-10 up 2.4% sequential quarter-on-
quarter, Top-20 up 4.7% QoQ and Top-50 up 3.4% sequential quarter-on-
quarter. Our Top-50 customers, a portfolio of our market relationships, 
delivered a secular growth of 3.4% in Q3, which is better than the overall 
revenue growth of the company in the quarter, and reflects our continued 
momentum. 
The progression of our customers across engagement size categories 
continues, with a total of 176 customers in the greater than US$ 1 million 
bucket in Q3. I am happy to report the entry of new customers in the US$ 
1-5 million and US$ 20-30 million buckets, which have the potential to 
scale up further in the upcoming quarters. 
In terms of the geographical breakup of our revenues, from a geography 
perspective North America revenue grew by a healthy 3.6% quarter-on-
quarter in USD terms, ahead of the company average, while India revenue 
grew by 6.8% quarter-on-quarter. Europe revenue and the Rest of the 
World revenue declined 2.8% and 15.1% quarter-on-quarter, respectively, 
although on a much lower revenue base. 
Coming to the people front, at the end of Q3 our total headcount stood at 
23,336, an increase of 494 from Q2. 75% of this headcount increase is 
attributable to increase in lateral headcount, while majority of the 
remainder is owing to the fresher hiring. We've added a total of roughly 
400 freshers in Q2 and Q3 of this year. The blended utilization for the 
quarter came in higher at 81.5% as against 80.6% in Q2, as we continue to 
focus on increasing utilization of our existing employee base, while adding 
lateral hires to augment for critical assessments. Trailing 12-month 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
attrition for the quarter came in at 11.9% compared to 13.5% in Q2. As you 
will notice, our attrition has come down to a comfortable band over the 
past few quarters. Nonetheless, this decline should be seen in the context 
of general moderation in hiring across the sector, slow down in sector 
growth over the past several quarters as also from the positive outcomes 
from our employee value-related interventions. 
Now moving from operational metrics to certain strategic highlights from 
the quarter. A lot of you are interested in the progress that we have made 
on Gen AI, but before I get to that, let me give you an update on how we 
have been playing in the overall AI realm over the years. As you would 
remember, Gen AI is just one form of advanced AI and the market for AI 
and Persistent’s capabilities in AI span across a longer duration of time and 
are much more expansive than just Gen AI. Since its inception three 
decades ago, Persistent has been a frontrunner in solving complex data 
challenges, while navigating the evolving landscape of AI. Our journey with 
AI started in 1990s with our partnership with the then technology leaders 
on engineering database products and their implementations. Our early 
partnership with IBM Research Labs and SPSS, a company later acquired 
by IBM, enabled us to work with the world's leading enterprises in solving 
the critical business challenges using the latest data and AI techniques. Our 
AI capabilities came to the full fruition in early 2000s with us setting up 
Analytic Centers of Excellence for our marquee customers and taking on 
end-to-end responsibility across data integration, data profiling, data 
processing, model preparation and model maintenance and calibration. 
As AI technologies kept unlocking newer possibilities, we continuously 
engaged in niche projects such as early detection of lung cancer and 
chronic kidney diseases, automation of sanctions screening, processing 
trade finance, autonomous enterprise insights to just name a few. This 
paved the way for our deepening relationships with leading hyperscalers 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
such as Microsoft, AWS, Google as well as data technology providers such 
as Snowflake and Databricks. among others. In each evolutionary stage of 
AI, from descriptive to predictive and now Generative AI, Persistent has 
gathered a treasure trove of insights and experiences and customer 
relationships while working with the technology leaders. Today, our Data 
and AI business is pretty robust and is powered by over 3,000 data 
engineers and experts working across a range of mission-critical customer 
engagements. 
With this background, let me also give you an update on the latest in GenAI 
at Persistent. For the last 12 months-plus, our team of AI practitioners, 
researchers and senior leaders have been strategically adapting and 
actively participating in the rapidly evolving GenAI space, while being 
guided by industry thought from the domain. While our current 
engagements in GenAI are modest from a revenue perspective, there is a 
clear indication from our customers that this trend is on the cusp of a 
significant shift. I am excited to share that we are already witnessing the 
green shoots of large-scale opportunities at the convergence of AI, Data, 
Cloud Computing and Automation. 
Let me now share some examples of recent engagements on GenAI. In the 
BFSI sector, we are collaborating with a Fortune 500 Financial Services 
company facing challenges due to a complex collection of thousands of 
analytics reports developed over the years, leveraging a multitude of 
technology stacks. This complexity was a significant barrier to efficient 
data analysis and decision making, not to mention the cost sprawl that 
happened due to the use of multiple technology stacks. Our team 
undertook a comprehensive migration project. utilizing our proprietary 
GenAI-powered report migration tools. This innovative approach enabled 
us to transition these reports to a unified modern technology stack 30% 
faster and with significantly higher accuracy than traditional, manual 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
migration methods. It not only streamlined operations, but also allowed us 
to identify and rationalize unused reports, reducing costs associated with 
legacy technology stacks. As a result, our client can now access and derive 
insights more efficiently and cost effectively. 
Similarly, in the Healthcare space, we are engaging with a global healthcare 
company that needs to revamp its data management and AI initiatives to 
become more agile and innovative. We are building a strategy along with 
the client that includes launching an internal marketplace for their users 
to consume and share information, establishing an AI Center of Excellence 
to explore new business use cases and automating data consumption and 
product development through expanded data fabric, while propagating 
safe and ethical AI usage. These initiatives aim to unlock the full potential 
of data and AI and drive innovation and achieve strategic growth objectives 
across the organization. 
In keeping with our innovative spirit, we recently launched an innovative 
GenAI-powered Open Source Maintenance Service, a pioneering solution 
in our industry. The service targets both enterprise software as well as 
enterprise IT organizations and utilizes advanced GenAI technologies to 
ensure that an organization's open source software remains current, 
incorporating all necessary patches, bug fixes and the latest software 
releases. Each of these engagements and offerings have the potential to 
be multi-million, multi-year deals replicable across organizations. We 
strongly believe that AI will be a driving force, driving significant 
productivity in engineering transformation and enterprise modernization 
and this will also spawn off much more downstream work through the 
need for improved data quality. 
Now, coming to the Analysts Recognitions related to GenAI. I am pleased 
to share with you that Persistent has been recognized as GenAI market 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
leader in the HfS Horizons: Generative Enterprise Services, 2023 report. 
This accolade is a testament to our rich heritage and digital engineering 
and data proficiency along with the early adoption and leadership in the 
domain of GenAI. It is a recognition of the clarity and boldness of our vision 
and a strong endorsement from our customers and hyperscaler partners. 
We were recognized by the Everest Group in their PEAK Matrix assessment 
as a Leader for Talent Readiness in the Next Generation IT Services, 
reflecting our team's preparedness for next-gen technology challenges and 
our comprehensive learning and development initiatives focused on 
cutting edge skills including GenAI, cybersecurity and overall  data domain. 
We were also named a Leader in Everest Group’s Data and Analytics 
Services for Mid-market Enterprises PEAK Matrix Assessment, 2023, 
acknowledging our substantial investment in next-generation technologies 
including dedicated AI Labs and our strong partnerships that enhance 
cloud capabilities and our commitment to delivering business goals. 
Now coming to the updates on our hyperscaler partnerships. Keeping up 
the momentum on our hyperscaler partnerships, we announced a strategic 
collaborative agreement with AWS earlier this quarter to accelerate GenAI 
adoption. Through this alliance, Persistent gains an early access to AWS 
GenAI resources to build proof of concepts to help clients achieve tangible 
business goals. Adam Selipsky, the CEO of AWS, spotlighted our 
achievements in his keynote at the Annual AWS Reinvent Conference, 
underscoring the strength of our partnership and our dedication to 
enhancing developer productivity. 
Coming to our other investments in GenAI - to accelerate our co-
innovation with our customers and partners, we marked a new milestone 
this quarter with the launch of state-of-art GenAI Studios across US, UK 
and India. These innovation hubs serve as a playground for Persistent, our 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
customers and our partners to lead at the forefront of AI technology and 
creativity, while shaping the future of industries together. 
Last but not the least, I'm excited to announce the appointment of Praveen 
Bhadada, one of our distinguished leaders and my current Chief of Staff, to 
spearhead our GenAI business portfolio companywide effective 
immediately. In his new role, Praveen will unify our overall AI initiatives 
including GenAI across the organization under one umbrella, giving us the 
power to synergize across industries and will focus on propelling our 
growth trajectory in the same. With this strategic pivot towards AI-
powered Digital Engineering and Enterprise Modernization, our endeavor 
is to be at the forefront of AI revolution and deliver unprecedented value 
to our customers across the industries that we service, and also have a 
leapfrogging of our capabilities and service offerings powered by AI across 
our service lines. We will continue to highlight the progress on this topic in 
the subsequent quarters. 
Now coming to the management updates. In-line with our growth 
aspirations, we continue to add muscle and fortify our management team. 
We welcomed Dhanashree Bhat as our Chief Operating Officer. With her 
over 28 years of experience, Dhanashree will further strengthen 
Persistent’s operations to ensure client success. She will be responsible for 
Talent Supply Chain, Delivery, Excellence, Learning and Development, 
Enterprise Risk Management, IT and Facilities among other. Prior to joining 
Persistent, Dhanashree was the Chief Delivery Officer of Communication, 
Media and Telecom vertical at Tech Mahindra. 
We also welcomed Barath Narayanan as our Head for Global BFSI Business 
as well as the Europe geography. Barath comes with over 24 years of 
experience and brings to us deep experience in managing large P&L  units, 
shaping and winning large deals, managing consulting businesses and 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
delivering complex programs that drive growth and profit. Prior to joining 
Persistent, Barath was heading the Digital and Cloud Business globally for 
Wipro. 
Coming to the ESG and administrative updates - as we continue our 
journey on our commitment to be among the best-in-class for our ESG 
endeavors, I am glad to report that our Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment S&P Global score has moved from 47 to 60. On the Scope 1 
through Scope 2 emissions, our aspiration is to become carbon-neutral by 
2025 and towards this, we are working on sourcing 100% of our electricity 
consumption from renewable sources. Our efforts are now towards net-
zero carbon emissions, much ahead of the stipulated timeline 2050 set by 
United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 
On the facilities side, we inaugurated a new office in Kochi, Kerala in 
November 2023 as part of our continued efforts to reach out to locations 
where our employees are based. We also expanded our presence in our 
New Jersey office in the US. 
In summary, we are pleased with our performance in Q3FY24 in a 
challenging business environment. I would now like to invite Sunil, our 
CFO, to give a detailed color on the quarterly financials and related 
numbers. Sunil, over to you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Thank you, Sandeep, and good morning and good day to all. Thank you for 
taking time to join us today. Wish you all a very Happy 2024. Sandeep has 
shared some business outlook, let me now walk you through the financial 
performance for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 
The revenue for the quarter was US$ 300.55 million, the growth of 3% 
quarter-on-quarter and 13.7% YoY. Revenue for the quarter in rupee terms 
was ₹ 24,982 million, reflecting growth of 3.6% quarter-on-quarter and 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
15.2% YoY. For the nine months the cumulative revenue is US$ 875.2 
million, with a growth of 14.9%. In rupee terms, the revenue for nine 
months is ₹ 72,311 million, reflecting growth of 18.6%. 
Coming to sequential growth for the quarter – at the segment level, 
Healthcare and Life Sciences grew by 16.6% quarter-on-quarter, Hi-tech 
and Emerging Verticals grew by 0.1% quarter-on-quarter, while BFSI 
declined by 0.7% mainly on account of furloughs. As you know, seasonally 
Q3 of the year is impacted by furloughs. The overall impact on the margin 
was 60 basis points during the quarter due to the furloughs. 
There is an increase in onsite effort mix which we will observe, which is 
due to initial phase of the ramp up of the deals won in the previous 
quarter, which is also reflected in increase in sub-con expenses. The impact 
on margins due to the higher onsite mix was about 60 basis points. So, 
these margin headwinds were more than compensated by margin-
accretive composition of IP revenue, which contributed 80 basis points, 
higher utilization, and lower travel expenses, each contributing 30 basis 
points and SG&A rationalization in Q3 coupled with benefit from 
headcount optimization undertaken in Q2, contributing the majority of 
remaining improvement in margin of 60 basis points. 
Attrition continued to decline in-line with industry trend, with TTM 
Attrition at 11.9% as compared to 13.5% in the previous quarter. With this, 
the EBITDA margin for the quarter was 17.7% as against 16.8% in the 
previous quarter. EBITDA for nine months period stands at 17.6% vis-a-vis 
18.1% for the comparable period last year. 
Depreciation and Amortization was 3.1%, same as in the previous quarter. 
The increase in amortization in absolute terms is due to amortization of 
software used for internal systems. We have been working on 
strengthening these to support the increased scale of operations. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
The EBIT came in at 14.5% as against 13.7% in the previous quarter. EBIT 
for nine months period stands at 14.4% viz-a-vis 14.8% for the comparable 
period last year. 
As I mentioned in the earlier quarter, we have invested in sales and 
marketing and there is an increase in G&A expenses due to more 
employees working from office. 
The Treasury Income for the quarter was ₹ 181.08 million as against ₹ 
166.28 million, mainly on account of improved cash flow. Forex gain was ₹ 
80.9 million as compared to ₹ 83.7 million in the previous quarter. Profit 
Before Tax for the quarter was ₹ 3,893 million at 15.6% as against 14.8% 
in the previous quarter. ETR was 26.5% as compared to 26% in the previous 
quarter. 
PAT for the quarter was ₹ 2,861.3 million at 11.5%. YTD PAT for nine 
months was ₹ 7,782 million at 10.8%. Excluding the one-time expense in 
Q1 on US$ 1 billion milestone celebration, PAT was 11.3%. EPS for the 
quarter was ₹ 37.83 is against ₹ 35 in the previous quarter. 
RoCE for the quarter was 29.3% as against 30.2% in the previous quarter. 
RoCE is based on trailing 12 months EBIT. The operational capex for the 
quarter was ₹ 321.32 million. 
Cash Conversion for the quarter continued to be good at 101% of EBITDA 
and OCF up to EBITDA for nine month period ending December 31 stands 
at 0.71 vis-a-vis 0.60 in the corresponding period last year. 
Total, cash and investment on books is ₹ 18,472 million at the end of 
December as compared to ₹ 15,693 million at the end of September. The 
DSO came in at 66 days, same as in the previous quarter. Forward contracts 
outstanding at the end of December was US$ 240 million at an average 
rate ₹ 84.04 per dollar. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
Couple of other updates for this quarter - as you know, Q3 is usually the 
quarter in which we declare interim dividend and I am pleased to share 
with you that the Board of Directors declared an interim dividend of ₹ 32 
per share for FY24 on the face value of ₹ 10 per share. This compares to 
the last year's interim dividend of ₹ 28 per share. It is our endeavor to 
maintain consistent dividend payout ratio while we augment our growth 
through capability-led acquisitions. In order to make it more convenient 
for shareholders to participate in Persistent stock, the Board of Directors 
has also recommended to the shareholders the resolution to split the face 
value of shares from ₹ 10 per share to ₹ 5 per share. This will be subject to 
shareholders’ approval, which will be processed in due course. 
Thank you all and now I hand it to Saurabh for covering deal wins and 
awards and recognitions. Saurabh.  
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you, Sunil. I will now talk about key deal wins for Q3 by industry 
segments. Let me begin with Software, Hi-tech and Emerging industries, 
our largest vertical. Persistent was selected by one of the leading providers 
of remote work tools for collaboration and IT management to transform 
its Salesforce-based applications, connector factory and IT Service 
Management under a managed services model. This is a US$ 50 million-
plus TCV deal and it is another major successful event for our Private Equity 
channel. Persistent was selected by a leading publisher to establish a 
greenfield IT setup and provide managed services over a 5-year period. 
This entity is a newly formed organization as part of a carve-out done by a 
leading private equity from a global media conglomerate. This is another 
case study of Persistent’s established framework for carve-out 
transactions, which leverages Persistent’s intelligent IT operations 
framework and components from hyperscalers and leading technology 
vendors. Persistent was selected by two of the hyperscalers as a strategic 
partner for the development and support of their connector development 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
programs. These deal wins are special because they provide us access and 
partnership with the next-generation tool development programs of these 
hyperscalers including in the Generative AI domain. 
Coming to Banking, Financial Services and Insurance, Persistent was 
selected by one of the largest US banks to develop and maintain its 
applications across domains such as Capital Markets, Payments, Treasury 
and Customer Support. This is a US% 50 million-plus renewal deal where 
Persistent is also a beneficiary of vendor consolidation. Persistent was 
selected by a leading Canada-based provider of financial technology to 
credit unions for developing and supporting the core banking platform, 
which will be rolled out to more than 40 credit unions. As part of the 
engagement, Persistent would also manage the cloud and security 
operations of the customer. Persistent was selected by a large global 
financial conglomerate to modernize its security operation center for its 
American operations including providing a holistic view of security posture 
to the top management. This is a managed services engagement with 
complete ownership with Persistent and has the potential to be replicated 
in other geographies for the customer. 
And, finally, within our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical, Persistent was 
selected as a strategic partner by leading analytical instrument company 
to engineer their key product suite including building data analytics 
capabilities for the chromatography platform, instrument support 
solutions and algorithms for micro array images. This is a large renewal 
deal with one of the largest healthcare customers for us. Persistent was 
selected by a Fortune 500 scientific instrumentation company to 
undertake, upgrade and migration of the database for its clinical research 
group, while ensuring regulatory compliance in the US and Japan. 
Persistent was selected by leading pharma contract research development 
and manufacturing organization for development of Artificial Intelligence-

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
led drug discovery platform. This platform will accelerate drug discovery 
process from molecular design to preclinical candidate selection by 
creating a central, reusable repository for quick decision-making for 
compound synthesis and biological evaluation. 
Now moving on to the awards and recognitions for the quarter from 
leading analyst firms. Q3 saw us get continued recognition from industry 
leading analyst firms and associations. To mention a few, Persistent was 
recognized as the only provider to win in four different categories in the 
Star of Excellence Awards based on voice of the customer. The ISG Star of 
Excellence Awards, part of the ISG Provider Lens Research Program, is the 
premier industry recognition program for the technology and business 
services industry. These awards recognize exceptional client service 
experience and serve as a benchmark for measuring client-centricity in our 
industry. 
Following were the categories in which Persistent was recognized - 
Persistent was recognized as ISG Star of Excellence Universal Industry, 
Persistent was recognized as ISG Star of Excellence BFSI Industry, 
Persistent was recognized as ISG Star of Excellence Healthcare and 
Pharmaceuticals Industry. 
And finally, Persistent was recognized as ISG Star of Excellence Cloud 
Native. Additionally, Persistent was recognized as a Breakthrough 15 
Provider in the Q3 2023 ISG Global Index for the second consecutive 
quarter. 
Moving on from the ISG awards, Persistent was recognized as a Leader in 
IDC MarketScape Worldwide Software Engineering Services 2023 Vendor 
Assessment. Persistent was recognized as a Leader in the Zinnov Zones 
ER&D Services and Digital Engineering Services 2023 Report for the 11th 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
year in succession. Persistent was recognized as the Best Enterprise 
Services Vendor of 2023 by Constellation Research. 
This completes the section on key wins and awards and recognitions. With 
this, I would like to conclude the prepared comments and would like to 
request the operator to open the floor for questions.  
Operator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for 
a few minutes until the question queue assembles. We request 
participants to restrict to two questions and then return to the queue for 
more questions. Please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the 
screen to ask questions.  
Okay, the first question is from Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, good morning. Can you hear me? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yes, we can.  
Sandeep Shah: 
Yeah, yeah. Congrats on a good execution. Sandeep, just wanted to 
understand entering into 2024, any signs of recovery in a discretionary, 
small-size, faster-converting deal wins in terms of client discussion, 
starting some of the projects which are put on hold in any of the verticals?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Look from our perspective, yeah, that discretionary spend we are seeing 
some green shoots, but I wouldn't say that the environment is any 
significantly different from the last few quarters. Most of our growth, if 
you see, is coming from the proactive efforts that we have had in our 
existing customers and new, and these are longer-range deals that we are 
in. So, I wouldn't say necessarily that we are seeing too many green shoots, 
there are some green shoots, we'll let that time pan out and see how this 
goes from a discretionary perspective. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Thanks. And Sunil Sir, looking at the margin walk which you have 
provided with subcontracting cost and furloughs together impacting 
margin by close to around 120 bps, is it fair to assume furloughs may 
reverse in the fourth quarter and we can exit the fourth quarter with a 15% 
EBIT margin? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah. So, as I mentioned, the increase in subcontractors is on account of 
the ramp up in the recent deal wins and this will continue for some time 
before the offshoring starts.  So, you're right directionally.  We are working 
towards multiple levels to improve EBIT margin and that's the effort to 
continuously improve the EBIT margin from here on. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, will come in the follow up. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sandeep. The next question is from Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi, good morning to the leadership team. I hope I'm audible? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yes. 
Manik Taneja: 
So, couple of clarification questions. Sunil, the first question is for you.  
When I look at our segmental performance, what we see is that through 
the course of last three or four quarters, our segmental margins on the Hi-
tech side have been coming off with the exception of this particular 
quarter. So, what is explaining the movements in terms of segmental 
margins given the fact that in the past, we renegotiated the deal at the 
large customer, which was to step up the margins for the business and also 
the second question is basically clarification on this large ramp up, is this 
largely to do with the Healthcare business, which was a deal that you won 
on the Healthcare Payer side in the prior quarter? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yes, Manik.  So, the answer to the second question is yes, that is what it is, 
but it is also not just that one deal, there are some other deals as you would 
recall, we had announced in the earlier quarter, which are also ramping 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
up.  Coming to segment margins, what you mentioned about the Hi-tech 
margins, basically it is a function of three areas. Hi-tech is an area where 
we have the larger ISV business, which includes the top customer. There 
are IP-related revenues that are coming over there, not just in the large 
customer, but also in our Accelerite portfolio and there is also the recent 
trend where we have seen carve-out kind of deals, right.  There is also 
certain portion of IP revenues over there. So, the margin is a function of, if 
there are partner IP revenues coming in that, the margin conversion on 
that is lower and in this quarter, particularly, we had good accretion in our 
own IP revenues because of which the margin on the Hi-tech side is higher 
this quarter. So, it's a portfolio of customers we carry and the deals in every 
quarter may have you know relevance to the way margins pan out. But 
overall if you see the gross margin is steady and we have been able to 
improve the EBIT margin. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Manik. The next question is from Ravi Menon. 
Ravi Menon: 
Congratulations on a really good quarter. One question is on the 
Healthcare side.  If I look at your breakup of customers, it looks like there 
is now pharmaceutical companies, payers, providers, and clinical research 
organizations, is this a change from the whole scientific instruments and 
medical devices focus that you've had maybe three years back, are most 
of these new customers? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Ravi, good observation.  So, if you look at our Healthcare portfolio, we have 
had good footprint in the scientific instruments, medical devices, that was 
the leading segment for us, which used to contribute a lion’s share.  We 
did have pharma customers, providers at scale. Providers is where our 
Salesforce business dominates in the US compared to our competition. 
What has happened is, there have been some good accounts super-sized 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
in all these domains and we have invested heavily in the payer domain and 
some of the larger wins we are getting are additionally in the payer 
domain. So, now it's a very well-balanced portfolio across scientific 
instruments, medical devices, pharma where we play mostly on data 
analytics and the specialty pharma on the Salesforce front, providers 
where we are leaders based on Salesforce and other CX initiatives and 
payers, where our next generation development capabilities as well as 
data analytics is playing out. So, now yes, it's more diversified and scaling 
in all of this. 
Ravi Menon: 
I also see that you are beyond the top-10 customers, the traction 
continues. So, can you explain also that you're seeing some wins from your 
Private Equity channel. Anything else that you could call out, some of these 
customers their potential to take them to the top-10? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah. So, good question. So, if you look at the mix of the wins that we have 
had, so as we have grown from being a US$ 500 million organization to a 
billion-dollar organization, as we have grown our capability significantly 
along with the addition of leadership teams and so on, we are now being 
invited to the much bigger bids. So, today if you look at the wins that we 
are having, they are against the top-5 in India, the big-5 across the globe, 
and so on and so forth. So, the revenue mix, the client mix is changing, and 
to your point, some of these customers have the propensity to absolutely 
become among our top-5, top-10 customers, and you will see the top-10 
customer mix changing in terms of the names moving in there, the quality 
of customers moving in there over a period of time. 
Ravi Menon: 
Yeah. One last question on the SG&A side, you used to have about 20% of 
your revenue as SG&A and now it's down to 16% or so. Do you think there 
is a further leverage possible? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah. So, good point. Let me answer a few more things along with this. 
There have been a few questions alluding to the margin side of it before 
and all of this comes together. So, if you look at the sales and marketing 
side of it, if we look at our investments in sales and marketing, we have 
brought in a significant rigor to sales and marketing. We have over-
invested in sales and marketing as well in absolute terms, if you look at it. 
If you look at year-on-year comparison, not just quarter-on-quarter 
comparison, we may be at a higher level in terms of SG&A from a year back 
and part of it, whether it is direct SG&A investments, part of it are 
investments which are in enabling things which enable our sales to be 
much more productive, whether it is in our capability-build around the 
Private Equity side, capability-build around our AI, and GenAI side, 
capability-build more deeper into certain parts of our cloud infrastructure 
and security and so on so, all of them are enabling the growth and there is 
definitely further leverage on the SG&A side as we go along. 
Now, let me also take this opportunity to answer the broader margin 
question before everyone asks us the margin question in different forms 
and shapes. We have said very clearly, we will increase our margin from 
200 to 300 basis points between now and the next two to three years and 
I do want to recognize the mistake on one of the earlier calls I had said 150 
to 200, our intent is 200 to 300 basis points, I want to clarify. Now, let me 
build it up for you before everyone asks the same question. If you look at 
our utilization today, our utilization is at 81.5%. If you decipher that 
utilization into two distinct buckets, the laterals that we have and the 
people we hired from the campuses who are yet to become productive 
and these are, I'm talking of the volume hiring that we have done two years 
back. That hiring is yet to be productive more than 64% of what it was. Our 
laterals are running at 85%, so as a company we have the propensity if we, 
look forward to in charge utilization up from 81.5%, slowly up to 83%, 84%, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
and 85%. For each percentage of utilization going up, there's 30 basis 
points of margin that we release at the PAT level. So, keep that in mind 
that's one part. We talked about the SG&A leverage.  So, we have invested 
significantly in our SG&A and not only SG&A in terms of sales folks, but if 
you look at the leadership hires that we have brought on board, in the last 
one to two quarters, those are leaders that will kick in, in high gear as we 
move along. They don't have the impact on the current quarters, they're 
just settling in, but as we move into the next financial year, we will have a 
leverage of it. 
Then, again if you look at things like our facilities and so on and so forth, 
there is certain amount of leverage that will come in because we invested 
in certain facilities. You would have seen many announcements in India 
and outside and as we see our revenue growing, all of those is going to kick 
in.  It is not going to necessarily increase in line with the revenue part, not 
to mention the amortization that we have from the earlier M&A that we 
have done, as our revenue increases that also gets defrayed over a larger 
base. So overall from a margin perspective, we are reasonably sure and we 
have initiatives inside the company where we will incrementally, whether 
it is next quarter or the next few years move up. Now, obviously in certain 
years, when the macro is soft, we will not press that trigger on margin 
improvement that hard. If you look at the current year, we wanted to make 
sure we come in first on the top end of the growth quartile and then comes 
the margin initiative and as the economy stabilizes, the focus will move 
and it will always be cross-balance with growth being the first priority. So, 
with that, back to you moderator. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Ravi.  The next question is from Karan. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Karan, we can't hear you? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
Karan: 
Hi, can you hear me now? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Karan: 
Okay, great. Again, obviously congratulations on a fantastic quarter and 
looking forward to see what comes ahead. So, I just wanted to dig a little 
bit into the GenAI pipeline and let me start with a basic question, which I 
know you won't answer, but I'll try it anyways and then I'll ask just one or 
two sort of follow up questions to that, which is, is it possible to get to sort 
of US$ 100 million of revenue from GenAI in the next two to three years, 
just in terms of size, scale, and scope. Of course, there's no kind of firm 
guidance for anything, but just in terms of how big it can be and I guess 
that's part of that my question would be, can you add some color on just 
the size of the pipeline in the sense that how many of your 176 clients have 
some kind of POC related to GenAI and then related to that, what 
percentage of the POC's are leading to production and we've seen surveys 
where actually the vast majority, more than 50% of POC's will enter 
production, so actually the technology works broadly and I think 
everybody understands and realizes there's a lot of POCs out there, but 
they have an uncertainty around what that conversion rate will be, but the 
leading indicator seems very strong. So, if you can just add some color 
there? I know a lot of questions there, but whatever you can answer. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, the first question, can GenAI lead to US$ 100 million business 
over the next two to three years? Look, anything is possible and so GenAI 
is one form of AI and look, GenAI cannot be implemented beyond POC till 
the time you have an enterprise-wide wherever use-cases you are trying 
to put, clean data available to you in very simple terms and if you have to 
do that, GenAI you should look at it as a tip of the spear. For us to be able 
to deliver to any enterprise and for any enterprise to be successful in 
GenAI, it will spawn off many different initiatives, which will involve data 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
engineering, data cleansing, many other things. So, GenAI in absolute 
terms just as a simple use case, we'll have many other things. We will put 
all those things together, can it lead to US$ 100 million business for us over 
the next three years, absolutely the answer is yes. Now, we'll let the time 
pan out and we are not going to get into that conundrum of now report 
your GenAI revenues like people used to do digital revenues and so on.  I 
think GenAI is going to be mainstream in everything that we do in next two 
to three years. So, keep that in mind as well. 
Now, second part, of the 176 customers, how many POCs are we running? 
Today, if I was to look at overall at Persistent, there are more than 75-plus 
POCs that are running on GenAI in different formulations. How much of 
those will get to production, we'll see how that flows in. Today, any 
boardroom, whether it is ours or our customers, there are discussions on 
GenAI and that spawns off initiatives and CIO organization, CTO 
organizations, the business leaders are given the mandate to go and 
experiment with GenAI in their own fields and that's what is leading to 
those POCs and that's what is also leading to the collaborative agreements 
that we have with Amazons of this world, the Googles of this world, 
Microsofts of this world to go and do more POCs, so that we can unlock 
the aperture and people look at different possibilities. Very hard to say 
how much of those 50%, 100% what will lead to production, but over a 
period of time, it will definitely lead to good amount of revenue uptake.  
One last thing, I'll say on this, not everything will lead to GenAI.  GenAI is 
one form of AI, which is easy to use and so on, but also keep in mind, the 
bills on GenAI can very soon go up for enterprises and there are alternate 
forms of AI which are available, not everything needs to use GenAI as a use 
case and we have been doing that for many years. That's why in my 
prepared comments, I also referred to. So, we are very positive about AI 
being there in every part of Persistent service lines, digital engineering, to 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
Salesforce implementations to the cloud infrastructure, security and so on, 
and you will see us announce many more initiatives in the next three to six 
months. Back to you, Moderator. 
Karan: 
Thank you.  Thank you so much. 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
So Sandeep, there is a question on the chat related one on GenAI, where 
Gaurav Rateria is asking us have we been part of discussion in helping 
clients save costs somewhere else by becoming more productive and 
channelizing those savings in these GenAI initiatives? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah, so, look, every enterprise or every enterprise software company at 
the end of the day their ability to spend, if I may say so, their expense 
budget or their pot of gold is only limited. So, when a number of people 
are looking to forward-looking initiatives and this is nothing new, this has 
been happening for long. People aware and reduce the spend in business 
as usual and take that to more next generation initiatives, in this case it is 
GenAI and there are other ways also people are looking at us to help them, 
whether it is enterprise software companies or enterprises right from 
developer productivity. Now, looking at their own implementations of 
developer productivity tools like Microsoft GitHub Copilot or AWS Code 
Whisperer to many other things that we bring to bear with our IP like 
report rationalization tools and there are many things that are there on 
cost reduction and taking that money to see how we can impact the 
revenue side it or customer experience side of it using GenAI.  So yes, there 
are many initiatives. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we will take the next question from Abhishek. 
Abhishek: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and wish everyone a Happy New Year and 
congrats on a good quarter. Again, a related question to the topic we are 
discussing. So, Sandeep, there was a comment about an increase in the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
cost of ownership of software products in one of the industry analysts call 
last week related to GenAI spend. So, first question is on that topic is are 
you seeing an increase in product engineering spends because you have a 
very strong relationship with software product companies and 2nd, is 
there a trend in terms of because of that spending we will see a 
moderation in non-AI related spending including cloud migration-related 
spends? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes.  So, we are talking two different things here. See, the second part that 
you talked about the cloud migration and so on. So, that is much more 
relevant in the enterprise world because a number of enterprise software 
companies are today more and more cloud native in their new product 
development and a number of them who are there from the past have 
already moved their legacy products to the cloud. Now, as far as the spend 
on GenAI is concerned in enterprise software, is there more adoption of 
that and broadly AI, yes it is and everyone is trying to control their budgets, 
moving money from where they can squeeze on the business as usual 
support side of it to doing feature enhancements using GenAI, doing 
copilots, doing other things from a CX perspective, customer support 
perspective, and enterprise software and so on. So, yes there's a 
movement and we are gainers of that and it's early in the game. It's not 
just that today GenAI is accounting for majority of our growth, but GenAI 
and AI over the next few years will definitely account for more and more 
revenues for us. 
Abhishek: 
Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Abhishek. The next question is from Dipesh. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Dipesh, we can't hear you yet. 
Dipesh: 
Yeah. Can you hear me now? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes, please. 
Dipesh: 
Can you hear me now? Okay.  Two questions. First about the Private Equity 
genre, I think now last couple of quarters, we have seen couple of 
successes in Private Equity channel.  So, can you just help us understand 
what we are doing differently, which works well for us and any specific 
action we have taken which drives success? Second question is about 
revenue composition change. We don't report service mix, so just want to 
get sense, let's say three years back, kind of what we used to do, how has 
it evolved in three years and if you can help us understand how you expect 
it to evolve in the future?  Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, I'll take the first question, second I'll let Sunil answer. So, from a 
Private Equity channel, if you look at it, we have been developing this 
channel for the last 4-4.5 years and we have hired people who understand 
this channel and so our Private Equity channel is housed with folks who 
have worked for Private Equity or worked in companies that have serviced 
Private Equity. On one side, we are mapping to strategic Private Equity 
folks like accounts. So, look at them as accounts we manage at the highest 
level. On the other side, the capability at the end of the day, it's all about 
the capabilities that you bring to bear. So, we understand what a Private 
Equity firm needs and what their portfolio companies need. So, we are 
partnering with Private Equity right from the stage when they're evaluating 
deals. So, we have certain tools, techniques, methodologies that we have 
perfected on that.  We help them analyze companies, the platform, so right 
using from our digital engineering capabilities to analyze the platforms 
that these companies that they're trying to acquire the majority of those, 
their hypothesis on engineering effectiveness, the capability to cost reduce 
using different levers and innovate using the forward-looking technology.  
So, we are right there when they are evaluating deals to the time the deals 
are brought in and there is work to be done if it is a carve-out. We have 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
more and more become a carve-out specialist where we have tools, 
techniques, methodologies to de-risk the transition services and so on. So, 
across the Private Equity spectrum, right from pre-diligence to diligence to 
the value realization once a company is acquired to even the exit, we have 
a very clear set of service offerings and those are well proven along with 
the IP assets that we have built to deliver these. So, that's what is 
differentiating us and increasingly making us the preferred partner for all 
these large Private Equities as they go and you have seen number of our 
wins come from that.  Now, Sunil. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah. Dipesh, so in terms of the services and IP-led revenue composition.  
If you want to understand the growth profile, yes, both the parts of the 
business have been growing and if you take a period of three years, the 
only thing that has moved is the large deal that we had, which we discussed 
the end of 2021. So, that's the only period when the IP-led revenue had a 
bump up because of that contract, but otherwise on our own whatever 
accelerators, our own IPs in the Accelerite portfolio and the new work that 
we have been doing in multiple areas where we are able to bundle our own 
solutions to customers   
Dipesh: 
No, sir I was not looking for that service, right. I just broadly understand 
the change services composition of revenue, how it has changed, let's say 
earlier we used to have very large Salesforce skewed kind of revenue. So, 
over a period of time how broad based that revenue mix is changing? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Fine, let me take that question, Dipesh. So, if you look at our services mix, 
so and I alluded to that earlier in the call as well, as we have grown from 
being a firm which was US$ 500 million to a firm that is beyond a billion 
dollars now and we have also built capabilities. whether it was building 
more capabilities right from our cloud native and the digital engineering 
side, where we are, we have always been very differentiated. We have 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
built on capabilities on those. We have added on application, 
maintenance, and support capabilities the ASM part of it. We have built on 
the cloud part of it in terms of doing the next generation infrastructure on 
the cloud, cloud ops and so on. We've built significant capabilities on data 
side. So, what all this brings together is when anyone is looking for at one 
of the, let's say Fortune 1000 companies looking at doing an RFP and 
wanting to bring one or two challengers in the mix as they look at their 
current providers, we are definitely being involved and that is where if you 
look at some of the larger wins we have won against the top five in India, 
the top five globally, and so on and so forth.  So, the services mix is 
changing towards, a lot of people think Persistent is discretionary.  I would 
tend to believe Persistent is lot more non-discretionary today than what it 
was three to four years back. So, from that perspective, long-term deals 
across these segments, stickier revenue, annuity revenue that is the kind 
of services mix that we have built over the last few years and that's where 
we are going while not losing the sense ethos of making these 
differentiated. Even our AMS, the application maintenance and support, 
we bring a lot of tools to bear. A lot of AI is what we are infusing in that. 
So, it is the next generation ops, the next generation development, and so 
on that is what is there, but the mix is definitely there. 
Dipesh: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dipesh.  The next question is from Chirag. 
Chirag: 
Hello. Congratulations on good set of execution in challenging times. So, 
Sandeep, what's our M&A outlook for next two years? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, if we look at our M&A strategy, it has been built on small tuck-in 
acquisitions, which are based on the capabilities that we want to enhance 
for geographical footprint that we want to acquire. So, we keep evaluating 
deals. Obviously, we have to make sure that the deals have the right fit 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
both from a technology, cultural, and the valuation standpoint. From our 
next one to two years, we'll be focused on deals on the cusp of AI, 
cybersecurity, in terms of going into verticals, micro verticals within 
Banking Financial Services, Healthcare Life Sciences, and finally from a 
geographic perspective, tuck-in acquisition in Western Europe from a 
revenue/customer acquisition perspective because Europe is one place 
where we do want to scale up in terms of our revenues and the delivery in 
Eastern Europe. So, those are the broad contours and we are on the 
lookout for good targets and if anyone on the call has anyone anything to 
refer to us, please let us know and Saurabh also leads our Corp-Dev. 
Chirag: 
And just one follow up, vertical wise in AI offerings, which vertical you feel 
we will get more revenue acceleration once client look for more deals in 
AI-related areas? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, our point of view is this is going to be a secular adoption of AI. Having 
said that, Healthcare Life Sciences has usually been a laggard in terms of 
adopting new technologies. We do believe Healthcare Life Sciences 
followed by BFSI will be the way we will see the percolation, but we'll let 
the time pan out and then there are several use cases like Contact Center 
Optimization using GenAI and so on, which are agnostic of all the verticals.  
So, there are certain horizontal propositions and there are certain vertical 
propositions. 
Chirag: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, just one question on Hi-tech vertical. This quarter was a little slow. So, 
if you could share your outlook on that vertical and if you could split it 
between, say top client and the rest of the Hi-tech, how should we look at 
it going forward? Thank you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So, Mohit, as you would have seen, our top client declined a little bit in this 
quarter and it was a planned decline based on particular large program, it 
has a profile where we had a certain amount of revenue going up and then 
it has a certain tapering. So, that is what caused a little bit of perturbations 
on the Hi-tech vertical and if you look at the Hi-tech vertical, that has been 
a very strong vertical for us for growth and so small blips will come here 
and there because of one or two things and December being the quarter 
where there are furloughs, there were some minor things there as well, 
but nothing to worry there. If you look at our overall growth, we've said 
that in the past, it'll be led by Healthcare Life Sciences and Hi-tech followed 
by BFSI. So, that's where it is. 
Sunil Sapre: 
So, operator, can we take the last question?  We are coming to the end of 
the slot. 
Moderator: 
The last and final question is from Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes please. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yeah. Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Sandeep, just one question from 
my side. You just mentioned AI cybersecurity is probably the focus areas 
for M&A, but as you mentioned that if you look at our profile at more than 
a billion dollars today, do you believe those traditional areas of let's say 
ERP or let's say BPO, which are kind of white spaces for us, would you also 
be looking to expand your portfolio with them as we become full-service 
companies and as you mentioned, we get attracted to, invited to more and 
more large deals, wouldn't our, let's say, I mean I wouldn't say inferior, but 
let's say lesser-capability in those domains hamper our chances to win 
those deals? Any thoughts on that in terms of growth and whether organic 
or inorganic that you're looking at? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, Vibhor, valid questions, but look at it this way. We are a billion-
dollar company in a much, much bigger market. As far as the ERP side is 
concerned, number one, there are many more, much more mature players 
in the market and second, I would tend to believe ERP basically plays the 
role of a system of record. There's much more that can be done on top of 
it in terms of systems of engagement and that's where we play. So, there 
is, if I am given US$ 100 in investment, I wouldn't want to go after a red 
ocean, I would want to build on our capabilities and there is enough and 
more market there. Same for BPO, where we play in the BPO realm is we 
go and disrupt the BPOs. We go and disrupt the BPO using technology, 
using GenAI, AI, and so on making BPOs much more effective, reducing the 
opex on the BPOs using technology, and that's where we have enough and 
more to do. Now, in terms of larger deals, when you go to large enterprise 
customers, they don't usually go with one single provider. So, they go with 
a mix of providers even if they're going with large or bunch of disruptors 
and so there is a way to partition the deals in a way where everyone brings 
their strength and the biggest strength that we have is on forward-looking 
technologies and that is where there's a significant amount of addressable 
market for years and years to come. So, we'll stick to our knitting, we'll 
bring AI into it, we'll bring differentiated capabilities much ahead of our 
larger peers and midcap peers. So, that's where our focus is at. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much for taking my questions and wish you all the 
best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Let me try and close this call. The key message that I want to leave with 
our investors today is that we have delivered top quartile revenue growth 
for the last 15-plus quarters. Now, we are looking at good deal bookings 
converting into revenues going ahead despite a difficult macro 
environment. We will continue to operate as a strategic partner to our 
customers and enable them to drive their key business imperatives.  We 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
are positive on our growth prospects going forward, although we are 
cautiously optimistic on the macroenvironment. Nonetheless, we will 
watch these developments and will ensure that we remain relevant to our 
customers. We once again thank you for your participation and we thank 
our 23,300-plus team members, customers, and partners for their support 
in our growth. We look forward to giving you an update in three months 
from now. Thank you. 
Sunil Sapre: 
Thank you. 
Saurabh Dwivedi: 
Thank you. 
****************************************************************************** 
