 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
(Formerly known as Mahindra CIE Automotive Limited) 
CIN: L27100MH1999PLC121285 
Corporate Office 
602 & 603 Amar Business Park, Baner Road, Pune - 411045, India 
Tel: +91 20 29804622 
Registered Office 
Suite F9D, Grand Hyatt Plaza (Lobby Level), Off Western Express Highway, Santacruz (E), Mumbai, India - 400055 
Tel: +91 22 62411031 I  Fax: +91 22 62411030  I  website : www.cie-india.com  I  Email: contact.investors@cie-india.com 
SEC/2024/43 
22nd February, 2024 
 
Sub: Transcript of CIE Automotive India Limited Q4 CY2023 Post Result Conference 
Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our letter dated 12th February, 2024 in respect of 
advance intimation in relation to Q4CY23 Results Conference Call, please find enclosed 
herewith transcripts of the said call held on 20th February, 2024. 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company i.e. https://www.cie-
india.com.   
Kindly acknowledge the receipt and take the same on the records. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For CIE Automotive India Limited 
 
Pankaj V. Goyal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A 29614 
Encl: as above 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532756 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
 
NSE Scrip Code:  CIEINDIA 
PANKAJ 
VIJAY 
GOYAL
Digitally signed by 
PANKAJ VIJAY 
GOYAL 
Date: 2024.02.22 
19:10:39 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“CIE Automotive India Limited Q4 CY-23 Results 
Conference Call” 
 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANDER ALVAREZ – CEO, CIE AUTOMOTIVE 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. K. JAYAPRAKASH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. VIKAS SINHA – SENIOR VP (STRATEGY), CIE 
AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. OROITZ LAFUENTE – BUSINESS CONTROLLER, 
CIE AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SWAPNIL SOUDAGAR – DGM STRATEGY, CIE 
AUTOMOTIVE INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BASUDEB BANERJEE – ICICI SECURITIES  

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to CIE Automotive India Limited 4Q CY23 
Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Hi thanks. Good morning, good afternoon as per locations to all the participants thanks to CIE 
India Auto Limited Management for giving us the opportunity to host the Call. 
We have here in the call the senior management represented by Mr. Ander Alvarez – CEO, Mr. 
K. Jayaprakash – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vikas Sinha – Senior VP Strategy, Mr. Oroitz 
Lafuente – Business Controller and Mr. Swapnil Soudagar – DGM Strategy. So over to the 
senior management to take over.  
Vikas Sinha: 
Thanks, Basudeb. Good morning, all. I welcome all of you on this call, as also Mr. Ander 
Arenaza, our CEO. We will present CIE India results for Q4 CY23 and full year CY23. I'll refer 
you to the presentation that we have uploaded.  
Let me begin with an “Overview” of the Company and if you refer to Page #5 of that 
Presentation, it shows the legal structure of the Company: 
In CY23 the name was changed to CIE Automotive India. Sale of the subsidiaries of CI Forgings 
Germany namely, our truck forgings business in Europe was completed in October 2023 but was 
effective from 1st July 2023. All the German forgings operations assets and liabilities were 
categorized assets and liabilities held for sale and classified as discontinued operation. 
Pages #6 and #7 of the same Presentation provide a bird's eye view of our Company: 
CIE Automotive India is a large, diversified auto components group with presence across many 
processes, product lines, locations and customers.  
We now start with Results of the India Operations for Q4 CY23 on Page #10: 
The quarter was a mixed bag from the market point of view. Tractors suffered a double digit 
drop versus the same quarter last year. Trucks were negative and light vehicles showed modest 
growth. The bright spot was the two wheelers which after struggling for the last few quarters 
showed robust growth. Sales at INR 13.9 billion were 4% higher year-on-year, largely in line 
with weighted average market growth. The India operations achieved an EBITDA margin of 
16.5% in Q4 CY23 versus a recurrent EBITDA margin of 15.7% in Q4 CY22 and an EBITDA 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
margin of 16.7 in Q3 CY23. Please note that the recurrent EBITDA margin of 15.7% in Q4 
CY22 is calculated after deducting a one-time profit of INR 378 million on land sale in that 
quarter. The Indian operations continue to retain EBITDA margins in spite of uneven market 
growth.  
On Page #11, we have the Q4 CY23 Results for our European operations: 
Sales of INR 7.3 billion in Q4 CY23 are same year-on-year versus Q4 CY22 and slightly higher 
than Q3 CY23 sequentially. While European production grew 7% in the quarter, this was largely 
due to Eastern Europe, production in western Europe grew merely by 3%. As explained in earlier 
calls Metalcastello is experiencing a decline since last 2 quarters due to drop in the US market. 
Both these factors have led to stagnation in sales figures in Europe in this quarter on a year-on-
year basis. EBITDA margin in Q4 CY23 was 16.9% versus 14.5% in Q4 CY22 and 17.2% in 
Q3 CY23. As energy costs stabilized, EBITDA margins have consolidated around 17% and 
EBIT margin is around 13%. On Page #12, we see the consolidated CIE India Q4 CY23 results. 
Consolidated sales were INR 21.3 billion, which was 3% higher year-on-year, EBITDA INR 
3.54 billion and EBIT INR 2.76 billion, both of which were roughly same year-on-year and EBT 
of INR 2.45 billion which was slightly lower. Please note that EBITDA, EBIT and EBT numbers 
of Q4 CY22 include an amount of INR 378 million on the one-time profit on land sale, so the 
last year numbers are higher because of this land sale.  
The full year CY23 Results for our Indian Operations are on Page #14: 
Sales increased by 5% versus CY22 to INR 55.3 billion. Automotive market growth in India in 
CY23 was uneven across segments quarters and customers. Light vehicles grew reasonably but 
two wheelers and tractors were underwhelming. The first quarter was good followed by a muted 
second quarter but the festive season was encouraging. The performance of our key customers 
was also mixed with some suffering negative or flat demand growth. We had reported last year 
that all the business verticals were expanding capacity. There was a delay in ramp up of some 
of these orders especially at CIE Hosur and aluminum verticals and this impacted our sales 
growth. We have positive expectations from these orders in C ’24. The EBITDA margin of 
16.7%, EBIT margin of 12.8% and EBT margin of 12.2% are all higher than CY22. EBITDA 
and EBIT were higher year-on-year by 10% and 12% respectively. Going ahead we expect to 
regain growth momentum in India while incrementally improving margins.  
On Page #15, we have the Full Year Results of CY23 for our European operations with sales of 
INR 32.8 billion. There has been a 10% growth vis-à-vis the whole year C ’22, largely in line 
with underlying market growth. Q1 CY23 sales growth was strong but the rest of the quarters 
were very weak. Positive exchange rate impact was offset by steel price increases. EBITDA 
margin in CY23 was 17.8% versus 14.5% in CY22, EBIT margin 14.5% versus 11.4% and EBT 
margin 12.2% versus 10.9%. EBITDA and EBIT were higher year-on-year by 35% and 40% 
respectively in absolute terms. While the market forecasts in Europe are muted we are quite 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
optimistic about our European business which has high margins, high returns and very good cash 
generation.  
On Page #16, we have the CY23 Consolidated Results of CIE India: 
Sales were INR 88.1 billion which is a growth of 7% versus CY22. The EBITDA margin was 
17.1% versus 15.4% in CY22, EBIT 13.4% versus 11.8 and EBT 12.2 versus 11.6. As explained 
earlier the EBITDA EBIT and EBT margins and numbers for CY22 include that one time profit 
from land sale which I've repeated quite a few times. The consolidated PAT in CY23 is INR 
11.25 billion versus negative INR 1.36 billion in CY22. The CY23 PAT includes profit from 
discontinued CFG operations that I had explained earlier of INR 3.275 billion. Adjusting for this 
the recurrent consolidated PAT in CY23 was INR 7.976 billion at 9.1% of consolidated sales. 
Likewise, the adjusted consolidated PAT for CY22 was INR 6.75 billion after adjusting the loss 
of INR 8.475 billion from discontinued operations and the gain of INR 378 million from land 
sale in India. Thus, recurrent PAT in CY23 grew by 18.4%. As we said the recurrent consolidated 
PAT in CY23 is INR 7.976 billion. The recurrent PAT in CY22 was 6.735 billion and this is the 
growth of 18.4% and this has been achieved when the sales have grown only by 7%. So even in 
a year of uneven sales growth across geographies, market segments and customers CIE India 
has delivered an impressive bottom-line growth.  
On Page #18, you will see our abridged Consolidated Balance Sheet which shows the healthy 
state of CIE India. Return on net assets is 21.3%. The first time we have crossed the 20% mark. 
Return on equity is 18.8 and ROE of continued operations is 13.3. Net financial debt is negative 
INR 8.2 billion, so net financial debt is negative. 
The cash flows are shown on Page #19. The Company generated operating cash flows to the 
extent of 60% of consolidated EBITDA. Growth CAPEX was INR 2.9 billion, 80% of which 
was spent on projects in India. Overall CAPEX was INR 4.57 billion, which is 5.2% of 
consolidated sales, which is in line with our norms. Overall cash flow generation was INR 9.7 
billion, but this includes cash received from the CFG sales process of INR 3.76 billion.  
The Board of the Company recommended a dividend payment of Rs. 5 per share giving approval 
in the AGM scheduled later in the year. This is double the payout made in the last 2 years. 
Section 3 of our presentation outlines our strategy. 
A combination of the following principle sets us apart from others namely: 
• 
Make operations world class, diversify customer base plant locations and 
technologies, invest in a disciplined manner, continuously improve stability, 
decentralize plant management and focus on ESG. 
• 
Diversification is key to our aspirations. In India we are present in seven technologies, 
four market segments and more than 50 customers out of which (+20) of those 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
customers are with annual sales of more than INR 500 million or 50 crores. This not 
only enables us to manage the volatility in sales at some of our anchor customers, but 
the portfolio approach helps us in protecting margins. 
• 
Our disciplined approach to capital expenditure is encapsulated in a few key guidelines 
and that is outlined in the presentation. We focus on improving productivity levels at 
our plants through a variety of projects namely, optimizing plant layouts, automating 
machines and material handling, improving cycle times, eliminating unnecessary 
operations and manning and digitizing data capture. 
• 
Teams from CIE Automotive global help with know-how transfer, the success of our 
strategy can be gauged by the consistent improvement in performance over the years. 
• 
Our EBITDA margins, PAT, free cash flows and return ratios are quite close to CIE 
automotive's global benchmarks. The key thing is consistency is what we aim for.  
The next section analyzes some long-term trends in the automotive industry and how we 
gain: 
As climate change takes center stage electric vehicles or EVs are gaining traction. The pace of 
this transition to EVs is varying widely across regions and segments and we are in that stage of 
uncertainty right now. We have developed a comprehensive strategy for EVs and a selection of 
products that we pursue in the EV space under four categories has been shown in the 
presentations. Companies are increasingly expected to mine their carbon footprints and thus 
there is a push for localization. Near-shoring also helps minimize supply chain bottlenecks. As 
developed nations seek to meet stringent CO2 reduction targets, some polluting processes like 
steel and aluminum castings are migrating to emerging ones. Lightweighting and safety are two 
key themes in the industry. The former will lead to a push towards materials like aluminum 
forgings and castings and composites, all three of which are focus areas for us. The transition to 
EVs, lightweighting and safety all require components with higher precision, closer tolerances 
and better quality. And this is where we think we can score. We think all these issues could lead 
to more opportunities especially in India.  
The next few pages of the presentation; present market statistics and forecasts from relevant 
sources followed by the Results submitted to SEBI in the prescribed format. 
The CIE India team is confident that it can utilize future opportunities and face future challenges 
with agility in order to meet the shareholders expectation of sustainable growth and profitability. 
Thank you very much. I've taken a bit more time than usual so thank you for that and now we 
proceed to Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital.   

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
A couple of questions from my side. One is on the EU business. Given that outlook for industry 
is expected to be muted for next few years, how should we build in for EU business revenues 
given the changes which are happening in the industry particularly towards hybrids and EVs, 
would there be content increase led growth or we will be largely mimicking underlying industry 
growth in EU? 
Vikas Sinha: 
So, for Ander’s benefit Jinesh, I'm just summarizing so what he's asking is that the market in 
EU, the industrial market and also the automotive market is expected to remain not grow going 
forward. And then there are also changes like move towards hybrids and EVs. So, in that context 
how do we look at growth in Europe? Are we talking about stagnation or are we talking about 
increase in content per vehicle etc.?  
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes, you are right. This is Ander speaking. The evolution of the European market for the next 
4-5 years will be flat. It will be stagnant market in the automotive sector, mainly they expect 
2%-3% drop for 2024. And the remaining years, the absolute volume of car production will be 
around 17 million cars per year. That is the expectation. On top of that in 2023 we had the 12% 
of electric vehicles and this percentage of electric vehicles will go growing, probably a little bit 
slower than expected because there was a huge expectation of an exponential growth in the next 
years. This seems that it's not going to happen. Probably the electrification will go slower than 
expected after at least 2-3 years of delay. That is what we all expect. And regarding CIE Forgings 
what we had this year, regarding the growth of our business in Europe you saw that we had this 
10% growth. The forging sector grew 16% and the gear sector, Metalcastello business had a 
drop of 6%. And this was mainly due to the export of off highway components that we are 
producing from Italy to US. So, the US market in the off-highway business is now in the bottom 
side of the cycle. So, the average is 10%. But you see that the performance of the different 
technologies or the sectors is different. For the future what we are now seeing is that our new 
order book is really interesting. We are getting important businesses, both in the forgings and in 
Metalcastello with a huge weight of the electric vehicles in this year for example, in the forgings 
73% of our new orders were electric vehicles and in Metalcastello 51% of the new orders were 
electric vehicles. So, what we will see in the next years will be a transition from internal 
combustion engine components to electrified components for different customers. So, what we 
expect is in that flat scenario or flat volume flat evolution business, with the increase of the 
electric vehicles we expect to maintain our business. So, we see our future stable. And I think 
we are doing our job properly and we are accomplishing the transition in an organized and solid 
manner. So, we expect to keep this business in the near future in a stable way according to the 
market evolution.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Just to clarify, are we indicating that we are not expecting any material increase in content as 
EV share in our business increase? Is that the right understanding?  
Ander Alvarez: 
Our EV share will increase for sure. As I told you that the new orders are coming majority from 
the EV sector. But what we can expect at the same time is that the internal combustion engines 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
will start the decline. So, I think our aim is to balance both reduction and increase and maintain 
or even increase a little bit our business in the future. But the expectation is that we will be able 
to make this transition smoothly.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And secondly does this include any further ramp up in aluminum forging in Europe or that will 
be over and above what we are talking about stable revenues?  
Ander Alvarez: 
You know that we already got certain aluminum forging projects that we are now launching with 
different customers. We also got a very important steel forge component but for the battery pack 
for one important commercial vehicle customer. So, that all these projects are being developed 
and both aluminum forging plus steel forging for the commercial vehicle battery packs we will 
see good growth in that sector in the future.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And one last question is on the cash of Rs. 8.2 billion. So how much of this would be in India 
and how much of this would be in Europe? As a follow up question on that in case if we acquire 
something in India, can we access cash which is lying in Europe or given the taxation policies it 
might be difficult to access that? 
K. Jayaprakash: 
So Jinesh the europe cash is all in that loan amount which is about 45 million is the Galfor. And 
I don't know if you saw the stock exchange, we are getting rid of the debt in Mexico by Galfor 
investing in debt. So that cash will knock off the debt in Mexico of about 50 million European 
dollars. About moving money, we'll be left with very little cash in Europe in the immediate, of 
course the businesses are cash generating. So, we will have to find a solution around how to get 
the money for acquisitions in India. We are working on that. As of now Jinesh, we don't have a 
solution which is tax efficient. India has as you can see from the balance sheet the standalone 
balance sheet something like 7 billion in cash in India. So, we are adequately cashed in India if 
we need to go for an acquisition. So, I don't see an immediate challenge there. But you're right 
we still need to figure out how to get tax efficiently money from Galfor. Immediately we have 
found a solution for the immediate but for the long term yes, we still don't have a solution. It is 
tax efficient.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund.   
Mahesh Bendre: 
Earlier we used to guide that based on the market growth we'll grow 5% higher than the market. 
So, whatever the blended growth of the market we will be 5% higher than that. So, what is the 
current quarter, the performance as far as this guidance is concerned and going forward what is 
the outlook for this?  
Ander Alvarez: 
Let's say that our business this year this last quarter grew about 5%. And the weighted market 
grew 3.9 something like that. So, we were slightly higher than the market growth this quarter. 
But you are right that we are below this 5% higher sales that were expecting. There are several 
reasons for this, the limited growth that we had in this quarter mainly. And I would say that the 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
main reason is that the delay of some of our main big projects that we were launching in our 
different plants, especially in Bill Forge, that we had these electric vehicle businesses for Europe 
that has been delayed as you all know and also in the aluminum business where we get nominated 
for several electric vehicle components and those projects have been delayed. So, we are not 
concerned at all because of these delays. I mean it's just normal delays because of the new 
technology entering and there are certain challenges for the customers to launch these projects. 
Sometimes it's related to the market but sometimes it's related to the supply chain that is not well 
organized yet. But we are receiving feedback from the customers that this growth will come in 
the next quarters. So that is one of the reasons especially in India and regarding Europe, the drop 
is coming from the Metalcastello business that I explained in the last two quarters we had a drop 
because of the cyclicality of this business for US and also as you know in US, we have the 
elections at the end of this year and all the big infrastructure investments are stopped until the 
new president is elected. So that we are now in a transition period and waiting for this. But as 
the order book during all this year has been really good and we are now launching also additional 
projects, we will see the growth and the recovery coming soon. So, in my opinion it's just a 
transitory situation because of different reasons. But I think the market is solid. The evolution, 
the new projects are also coming. The interest from the customers is also very high. So, we will 
see this growth trend to recovery again.  
Vikas Sinha: 
And Mahesh just to add to what Ander just said, there are two other factors which of course 
that's a part of our business context in which we operate. One is of course the steel price decrease 
this year was pretty much affecting the revenues a big amount. Also, the transition from old 
Scorpio and Bolero to new Scorpio and Bolero where we have a very large stampings business 
with M&M. And that was the difference which both of these you will not see much of that in C 
‘24. So of course, as I said that's a normal part of the business context in which we operate. But 
these two factors unfortunately have added to the various delays that Ander talked about in 
CY23.  
Ander Alvarez:  
And it's also important to highlight that in 2022, we had a growth of 28%. So, we went much 
higher than let's say the market. This year we have this 7% growth that is more or less aligned 
with the market with the comments that Vikas made about the raw material decrease and also 
the certain important projects that are now changing. So overall I think that this is just a transition 
moment that we are now accomplishing. And in the near future we will see again growth coming 
back to our business.  
Mahesh Bendre: 
Delay at ramp up at Bill Forge and aluminum business, was that because of the client or is it 
because of our limitations that we could not scale? 
Ander Alvarez: 
No, it's just the delay from the customer point of view. I mean we are waiting we are ready. We 
have all the investments and all the machinery ready to start and there is a delay from the 
customers. They have their bottlenecks, not in our Company it's in other bottlenecks. And we 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
are waiting for them to solve these bottlenecks and to start the delivery. They promise us that 
we will start soon delivering at a big level.  
Mahesh Bendre: 
So, this is for export order?  
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes, it's export order. Export order for electric vehicles.  
Vikas Sinha: 
So, it's a mix. Export orders for electric vehicles is what Ander said. We have also talked about 
in aluminum is EV orders for domestic. So, some of these EV projects is what we are observing. 
As you see in the initial remarks, we were talking about how some of these EV projections are 
less rosy compared to what it was only six months back. And we are seeing that effect in delays 
in some of the ramp-up of some of the EV projects. That's just an observation. As I said that's 
really part and parcel of the business context that we operate in and we expect those to start 
going up again this year.  
Mahesh Bendre: 
Is it possible to share for CY23 what was the export from India?  
Vikas Sinha: 
Exact number, we'll have to check. 
Ander Alvarez:  
13% or something like that. No, we will give it to you now, we are calculating but it's between 
11% to 13%.  
Mahesh Bendre: 
Once these orders get sorted out do you think this will go up significantly, maybe 20% maybe 
over next 2-3 years?  
Ander Alvarez: 
Yes. What we see is in certain technologies we will see this export rate go up. Clearly in the 
casting division the gears are also growing and probably the forgings will grow also. We see a 
lot of demand from the customers to export the components. But you know that with all these 
geopolitical difficulties with the logistic bottlenecks that we have had in the Red Sea and so on 
there is a mixed view on the customers. And probably you know that our preferred route is the 
local to local where we can deliver in each region the products that we produce in each region.  
Mahesh Bendre: 
Last question from my end. So, for this year is it fair to assume that domestic business will grow 
5% higher than our blended market?  
Ander Alvarez: 
I would say I am optimistic with that.  
Vikas Sinha: 
We don't make forward looking statements Mahesh but that's a guideline that we follow. Over 
the long term that's a guideline in India that we have always said that we follow. As I said CIE 
is very simple, we have very simple rules. Like we said for investment, CAPEX is 5% to 6% of 
sales. So, for India growth this is the kind of heuristic that we have developed for ourselves 
(+5%) higher than the weighted average market. So, it is something that we try and deliver all 
the time. But to say definitely we will avoid definitive statements.  

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Mahesh Bendre: 
I'm just checking the guideline only. Just I'm holding last two-three quarters we have not been 
able to come out with this kind of….So I'm just asking whether we are holding up this long term 
guidance going 5% above the weighted average of the market. So, are we still holding it up or 
there will be change for the next year?  
Ander Alvarez: 
No, we are holding it. We hold it perhaps with a delay of one quarter or two, but I think in the 
midterm we will go for that for sure. We are quite optimistic on that. Also, we check that now 
the amount of export we had last year was 14% of our turnover. It's a little bit higher than last 
year.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Invest.   
Bharat Sheth: 
In our presentation on Indian slide, we have shown that we have approximately (+50%) clients 
and out of which around 20 are more than 5 crores or 50 million. So, there is a long tail end of 
(+30) customers which is not meaningfully contributing to the whole our sales. So, what are our 
plans to ramp up those products and generate what we are talking of growing higher than the 
industry rate?  
Vikas Sinha: 
Basically, the answer is in the question itself. So yes, we have opportunity to grow a lot of those 
customers and we are looking at growth. And that's why we said this portfolio approach works. 
Some of those customers will definitely become big and that is why we are confident that in the 
long-term market for us growth will be there.  
Bharat Sheth: 
But is there I mean this (+50) customers, how was the same number and (+20) more than 50 
million last year and how it has changed and exactly when do we think that we will be able to 
really grow the whole (+50) plus customer to more than 50 million run rate? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Over 50 million is a huge target in a B2B kind of business that is a very high base. All that we 
are trying to say that is we have a very robust portfolio approach. So, we have very good anchor 
customers. So, if you look at the customer pie also that we have presented later on, you will see 
we have very good anchor customers who are very large, and we also have a large set of other 
businesses who are emerging with us who we are trying to grow. So, between a mix of these 
anchor customers and this set of emerging customers, we are able to ensure both growth and 
profitability. That's the point. It's simply a portfolio approach that we are following here.  
Bharat Sheth: 
Meaningfully when do we expect those really to and where we may be having a different auto 
or two-wheeler tractor or MHCV? So, if you can say some color in which segment, they are 
sitting large by where still there a headroom is to grow.  
Vikas Sinha: 
There are lots of new customers that we have added in the last few years. We have talked about 
it in the past whether it is Hyundai, Kia, whether it is John Deere, whether it is Royal Enfield. 
There are whole set of such customers that we have added post Covid. If you look at our track 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
record from 2020 onwards, you will see that this kind of customer addition has accelerated 
during that period. Lot of export customers have been added also as Ander was talking about. 
So, to that extent who will ramp up, how much will they ramp up? That's exactly a question we 
can't answer. As I said some will ramp up. Of course, internally we keep looking at it. But the 
point that we are trying to make is this approach gives us stability both on growth and 
profitability. That's what we are trying to present.  
Bharat Sheth: 
And can you throw more export opportunity? Of course, we are always near shore kind of a 
thing but still we are around 11%-13% in ‘23. So next 2-3 years where do we like to see kind of 
our export of the total export from India? 
Vikas Sinha: 
So, it is 14% is what Ander clarified. Because both the domestic and export opportunities are 
growing. So as Ander explained, there are two sets of contending principles that are happening. 
You also have the localization principle that is working. And of course, as we explained even in 
our talk because of environmental norms, there is of course a movement from the developing to 
the emerging world in certain technologies, castings, aluminum. Over and above that we have 
forgings and gears where we have other export opportunities. So that was what Ander also talked 
about, these four businesses where we are targeting export growth and where we do see a lot of 
export opportunities coming our way in the next 3 to 4 years. So, it is basically steel and 
aluminum castings, gears and forgings in that order.  
Bharat Sheth: 
And would you like to give some kind of margin side? How do we like to see in ’24, India as 
well as Europe? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Europe margins are consolidating around 17% EBITDA and in India also it is around the same 
number. As we say we will keep on incrementally improving it. You know the CIE Global 
benchmarks are a little higher than that. So, our job is to keep moving towards those numbers as 
much as possible. But that's what we intend to do going forward. But exact as I said 2024, we 
will not give a sort of forward-looking statement on what the margins are going to be.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitish Rege from ChrysCapital. 
Nitish Rege: 
Just wanted a clarification, so could you please elaborate on these exports? So, is this new 
business or are we just moving CIE manufacturing from EU to India? And also, is this CIE India 
factory in EU or is this the CIE parent factory in EU? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, these are new opportunities largely. As I said it is in steel castings. Steel castings, we don't 
have any CIE factories in Europe in any case. So, we have forgings and gears. Some opportunity 
coming where we have a aligned supply chain between our gears business in India and Italy and 
we work together to supplying some of the customers. But that's a small part of the export’s 
opportunity. Please realize that CIE in Europe does very well on margins, so it's not as if are 
they are wanting on that aspect. So largely it will be new business.  

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Nitish Rege: 
And just with steel price deflation which you mentioned, shouldn't margins optically in fact 
increase? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Some impact optically will obviously be there. As there is an impact on revenues, there is an 
impact on margins also. Yes, there will be some impact.  
Nitish Rege: 
And calculating EBITDA margin in the normal way when we're not considering other income 
and revenue and considering other operating income, our EBITDA margin comes at 15.3 for 
CY23. So, what is the outlook on that? Because earlier were expecting an expansion in this 
EBITDA margin.  
Vikas Sinha: 
We calculate it on sales and that is the way we present it all the time. When we talk about the 
EBITDA margin of 17% that's on sales. That's the way we present the data, and you'll have to 
look at it from a sales perspective only, EBITDA by sales. And we have said that the CIE 
benchmarks are higher, and we would like to meet those benchmarks in the medium term. Again, 
a very simple rule that CIE follows. That's the rule that we are following as far as the margins 
are concerned.  
Nitish Rege: 
So, then you say the medium term that is what 2 to 3 years?  
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Priya Ranjan from HDFC AMC.   
Priya Ranjan: 
Just a couple of questions from Ander, since I think around 70% of the business is broadly now 
coming from India. So how much time do you spend in India? Because I think the Indian 
management or Indian team has when the Mahindra was declining you were saying Mahindra 
was declining that's why I am declining when Mahindra is growing you are saying probably, we 
are little bit moving ahead of Mahindra. So, what is happening with the Company? Either the 
consistency of the local management is not there, or their focus is not there or whether are you 
giving enough time to the local management or are you not taking cognizance of what is their 
underperformance in last 10 years?  
Ander Alvarez: 
I would say that the local management is doing fantastically well. We can say that we have a 
very solid, very professional, very well aligned local management and I rely 100% on their 
capabilities and their knowledge. So, we are a fantastic team working together and I'm spending 
approximately, I come to India every two months now. Next trip I will come in mid of April. 
So, we review operationally and otherwise we do it every month. We check any of the verticals 
of the Company here in India. We review with the management through teams in detailed 
manner. I think the management system is working. Everything is well structured. I think that 
the team is also well aligned and the ideas, the strategies and the alignment of the team is very 
clear. I'm really comfortable with that. Then the reality of the market. And sometimes some of 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
our customers did better than the others and some sectors are still depressed. For example, this 
year the tractor sector was a little bit depressed and also the two-wheeler except the last quarter 
was also affecting us. But the long term or the mid-term view is positive. On top of that we are 
getting new orders, and we are getting new projects. And the collaboration between the European 
and American CIE teams with the local teams is also improving. So overall I think that the 
integration of the Indian business in CIE is complete. I would say that we are now in better shape 
than we have ever been. So, I can only be very optimistic about the future of our Indian activity. 
It's true that we would like to have some more sales and more turnover. That is probably the 
only thing that we need this year. But as the projects are there and the customers are confirming 
and they are pushing and they are saying us that they will come for sure the growth will come. 
So, let's say that we are a very solid Company with a good management with all the customers 
also supporting us because they see a very reliable Company. That's the message that I was 
trying to give during all this year working together with the local teams we need to be a solid, 
reliable, good quality, good delivery Company. And in that sense, I think we are an outstanding 
Company in India. So, the customers will come, and the customers will appreciate this and they 
are already appreciating this in the market. So, I think that the management and the evolution of 
the Company will be positive. And in CIE we strongly believe that the growth in the near future 
will be mainly in India, probably the best country to develop the business will be India, in 
Mexico also because of the situation of the US is also another growth focus. But India and 
Mexico will be the winners in the next years.  
Vikas Sinha: 
Priya Ranjan, so just to add to that of course, Ander has talked about local management. I'll not 
refer to that. Now you talked about Mahindra. Please be assured that we are not neglecting any 
of our anchor customers. So, when we say that we are diversifying we are not diversifying at the 
cost of our strategic customers. Not at all. Whether it is Mahindra or Bajaj or Maruti or Tata 
Motors, we are extremely focused on supporting them in their growth process and we are 
actually growing with them. All the other effort that you see is not at their cost. That is something 
I need to clarify since you did mention that now we are trying to move away from Mahindra, we 
are not. We are just adding more customers as our capabilities grow. I will again refer you back 
to what Ander sometimes said just before COVID in 2019, as our capabilities grow. And he was 
asked that question about growth in 2019 and he said at that time that the more capabilities we 
have, the more we'll be able to grow and that is what is happening. So, the more capabilities we 
are generating we are able to attract more customers. But please be assured that we will never 
neglect any of our key anchor customers. We are extremely proud to work with them. All the 
names that I took and we'll continue to support them in their growth journey. As far as Mahindra 
growth this year is concerned, I did explain because of the old Scorpio and Bolero transition to 
new Scorpio-Bolero. And we know that since the old Scorpio- Bolero were old models, we had 
some outside stampings, external stampings which are all made in house now. That is causing a 
drop along with the RM drop which is significant. So that is causing a bit on the revenue side. 
But rest assured, we are very strong with our anchor customers, and we will continue to be strong 
with them and we'll continue to support them with whatever they ask us.  

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Moderator: 
Next follow up question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital.   
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, one is clarification on the margin, when we are referring to global benchmark, we are 
referring to 18% to 20% EBITDA margin? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, of course. CIE is roughly around 18% overall margin and publicly stated they want to go 
ahead of 18%. So, that’s the global CEO of CIE is on record talking about (+18) margin.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And second question pertains to the India business. So, when we are talking of EV related orders 
coming in, can you talk about how CY23 shaped up in that context? What percentage of our 
orders came from EVs, both for two wheelers and passenger vehicles? 
Vikas Sinha: 
As Ander mentioned, so in Europe, the forgings business of Europe was 73%, in gears business 
of Europe it was 50% and in India it was roughly around 15%. So, as you know lot of our orders 
in India are actually not ramped up as much. So that's, overall, the portfolio we are very 
comfortable because we already have a very significant and large portfolio in India already and 
which a lot of those we are actually waiting to ramp up.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And of the total order book say cumulative last 3 years, would it be fair to say EVs would be 
10%-12% of that order book as well? 
Vikas Sinha:  
in India?  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes.  
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, and more in Europe.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And the second question pertains to Mahindra. Now given that share of Mahindra has come 
down to 31%, just how should we look at M&M given that the new product side, we have talked 
about having lower content because of insourcing on stamping side. Going forward as we get 
more orders particularly on the born electric vehicle side, how would you compare content in 
born EVs versus the newer products which we had got for example Scorpio and XUV700 versus 
the older models like Thar and Bolero that way? So, can you talk about qualitatively?  
Vikas Sinha: 
Thar is new model, Bolero and Scorpio of course they're in a different league. We'll be slightly 
lower than Bolero and Scorpio but slightly higher than the other XUV500 and so on. So, we are 
very strong with M&M on their new releases both in auto and tractors. So, as I said we will 
support M&M, of course the content will not match what was there on the old Bolero and Scorpio 
but all that is being compensated by the number of models that M&M is releasing anyway. So 
that is not a problem because the list of M&M platforms is now very large, and we are there 
almost everywhere. So that is not an issue.  

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ander Alvarez:  
In fact, we are launching a new press line in May-June for Mahindra to increase our deliveries 
to them. So, in 4 or 5 months we will have additional capacity to cope with the additional demand 
coming from them. I think there will be growth also in Mahindra in the stamping division.  
Vikas Sinha: 
As I said last year there were a few things that worked against us, the transition. Now that almost 
two thirds is the new Bolero, new Scorpio, so that will not impact the growth and the RM is 
stabilizing. So as Ander said from a volume perspective, we are really not bothered too much, 
concerned. Let me not use the word bothered. We are very bothered. We are not concerned that 
we'll not be able to meet the growth requirements that we have in mind. So, CY23 was a bit of 
an aberration that way and we think we'll be back on track from a growth perspective. But having 
said that and this is in continuation to what Priya Ranjan had also asked, yes, on growth we may 
have underwhelmed a little bit this year. On profits we have grown as I said 18.4%, that we 
pointed out. If you look at recurrent PAT in CY23 versus recurrent PAT in CY22 on a 
consolidated basis, the growth is 18%. So, on every other parameter except growth, I think we 
have done extremely well. Whether you talk about our RONA and the way we calculate, I'm 
sure some of you calculate it slightly differently. But we have crossed in our estimation the way 
20% RONA consolidated figure this year. So, you look at our cash flow generations, look at our 
debt. So, if you look at it in a holistic way yes, we do accept, we have underwhelmed on growth 
but on every other parameter we have done extremely well. And even on growth as I said there 
were some factors that worked against us in CY23 and I think those will be corrected in C ’24, 
be it RM, be it the transition to the new models or be it the ramp up delays. So, you will see 
some changes let's say in the growth story. But let me emphasize other than that in CY23, we 
have done extremely well on every other parameter.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Just to clarify on this, you indicated that the content in Born EV models of Mahindra which are 
launching from next year, we will be having more content than the Scorpio and XUV700 but 
lower than the older models? 
Vikas Sinha: 
Let us not get fine. I'm just saying there are three classes. One is of course the newer models. 
XUV700 is in the newer models. Then there are extremely old models like Bolero and Scorpio. 
And then there are the intermediate models which are like the XUV500 and the rest which were 
namely 3-4-5 years back. So that is the difference. So, among the newer models, we have lower 
than the extremely old models but little higher than the intermediate models that we were talking 
about.  
Jinesh Gandhi: 
But any indication on the Born EV side, how it will be there given that those will be totally new 
platforms and new power trains?  
Vikas Sinha: 
Right now, not all of those RFQs have been fully settled. So let them get settled and then we'll 
have more of indication on what is happening. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS.   

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Pratik Kothari: 
One on Metalcastello, if you can highlight, last year I think we did €80 million. Where are we 
this year? How is the trend panning out? Are we seeing bottoming out of what we used to suffer 
in the US?  
Ander Alvarez: 
Metalcastello last year as I mentioned, we started it with the first two quarters with a very strong 
demand and sales. But in the third and the fourth quarter we saw an important drop because of 
the let's say cyclicality of this sector in US, especially our main customer Caterpillar. We expect 
to be at the weak volumes during the next couple of quarters until the revamp is coming in the 
second half of the year and especially after the elections in the USA. So, we think that is the 
evolution of our Metalcastello business in the next months. Also, we have to say that we had 
certain new projects with other customers, especially in the electrification field that are also 
delayed and the expected ramp up of these projects is delayed. So, we are waiting for that. So 
we are optimistic because these electric vehicle components that we are going to supply to the 
US are coming for sure, a little bit later than expected but we are waiting for the ramp up from 
the customers. So together with the growth again in the sector plus the new projects that we had, 
I think we will come back to normal the peak business when we were hitting the €80 million 
turnover in Metalcastello. So that's the recovery that we expect right now. We can be at a pace 
of around 60 million. So, we will see this recovery in the next quarters. So willing to get to that 
situation. And in the meantime, we are quite working internally to improve our efficiencies and 
to set up the factory and prepare the factory for the growth again.  
Vikas Sinha: 
So, Pratik because last year was not as bad for Metalcastello. So, it was a 6% drop compared to 
CY22, not more. So, if you look at earlier during the call Ander had mentioned, that in Europe 
overall this year we have grown 10%. The forgings business, which is roughly three fourth grew 
16% and Metalcastello grew or declined by 6%. That's the number. Because the first quarter in 
Metalcastello was quite good. And this year the run rate is say €5 to €6 million. But it was doing 
about 80 million or €7 million in 2022.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Then second question to Vikas. So, 12 months back our heuristic used to be for India business. 
India (+10) was where we were very comfortable and confident about. Obviously, those were 
estimates and guidance and future forecast and things didn't deliver this year. But it seems that 
our heuristic also has shifted from (+10) to (+5). So, anything to read into this? How to think 
about this?  
Vikas Sinha: 
No, 5 to 10 is what we used to say even then. Of course, it's good that you remember the higher 
range. But it is 5 to 10 is what we used to say. That's correct. Right now, given what we have 
done we are saying 5% at least to start off with. That's all. But we had always said 5% to 10% 
as far as the Indian market is concerned. Look again I'm reiterating, there are some factors that 
went against us. The raw material decline has been a very big factor this year. In fact, in Europe, 
it is higher than even in India. So that factor normally if it is 1% or 2% it's okay. It's a bigger 
number than that. As we told you about the shift in M&M where we have almost 1,000 crores 
of stampings business with M&M, 800 to 1,000 crores. And on that transition is happening from 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
the old to the new models. And therefore, growth is restricted there. So, if M&M auto sector 
grew 30% in CY23, we were not able to utilize that entire 30% of the growth and Priya Ranjan 
also asked that are we moving away from M&M? That's not the case. We were not able to match 
that 30% simply because of this transition from old to new. And our stampings business, which 
is a very large part of the M&M business. We are probably among the top stamping suppliers to 
M&M. So, these two effects if you take into account and of course, as I keep saying that's part 
of the business context. So, there is no point in fretting about it. But if I adjust for these factors, 
we have still met that 5% to 10%. But as I said that doesn't count because these factors are part 
of our business context. So, if you keep these in mind you will see that our volume performance 
is not as bad. We are not losing market share. We are not withdrawing from any customer or 
market, nothing of that kind. It's just that as I said as Ander said some of the orders didn't ramp 
up. There was this RM effect and there was this old to new effect in our largest customer and 
that's what has given that underwhelming nature to sales. As Ander said it's temporary, it will 
come back. Plus, as I said also, please look at the other parameters that we have done very well 
on as I said an 18% growth in PAT. For the first time in our history, we have crossed a RONA 
of 20% on a consolidated basis. Those are other things that we have done very well in CY23.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Just two clarifications, one we said we have 20 customers in India which contribute more than 
5 crores of business or 50 crores of business? We said total of 50 and okay 20 is 5 crores.  
Vikas Sinha: 
Yes, 5 crores is a substantial number to start off with. So, when you start with a new customer 
that's a good number to start with. Over a period of time as Bharat bhai was asking, he also asked 
that same question, when it is going to ramp up? Some of them will ramp up to much bigger 
numbers but not all. 
Pratik Kothari: 
And second, we said exports formed 14% of a business and it was 10% last year. So, it's a good 
40%-45% growth in exports that we observed this year. So, one are these numbers correct and 
what is driving this because this is a substantial change? 
Vikas Sinha: 
No, I think it won't be 10. I think it would have been 11-12 last year. We'll check the numbers. 
Yes, exports we do expect to increase but in select areas that Ander emphasized. Definitely in 
steel castings where you see this trend of castings moving away from Europe to other parts of 
the world. Therefore, you see a bit of that in aluminum castings. And of course, forgings and 
gears have always been strong in exports. When I say forgings that's largely built forge always 
been strong. So that will continue. So yes, there is optimism around exports but you also have 
to understand that there are other countervailing factors, the supply chain bottlenecks. So, there 
is a move towards near shoring, like vocal for local etc. So, as I said these are things that we 
keep observing. But yes, we are very expectant on exports in castings, gears, forgings and 
aluminum. Yes, it is 11% to 14%. That's the number. We are confirming that.  
Pratik Kothari: 
That's a substantial jump too.  

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitish Rege from ChrysCapital. 
Nitish Rege: 
Could you please elaborate on your inorganic opportunities now that we have close to 800 crores 
of cash? Also are we focusing on any particular segment capability which we want to get through 
this acquisition and which ones you're currently assessing? And what would be the optimal size 
of this acquisition?  
Vikas Sinha: 
No, optimal size that's the easiest to answer. We don't want it to be very big or we don't want it 
to be very small that it doesn't move our P&L. So, we do look at the two acquisitions that we 
have done were in the range of 600 to 1,000 crores of sales. So that we think is the optimal kind. 
But then it depends on availability. To your other questions where are we looking at, of course 
wherever there are gaps, we have always mentioned that, we would be looking at for example 
in areas which are getting more prominent with lightweighting. We mentioned in our talk about 
how lightweighting etc. are driving it. So, wherever that would be happening whether it is 
aluminum, whether it is plastics or even in some customer-wise if we can get access to newer 
customers. So, we will be looking at it. M&A, the way we look at inorganic is as a sort of 
complement to our organic strategy. It is not for growth purposes that we are attempting to do 
inorganic. We are attempting to improve our portfolio of capabilities within the Company. So 
that would be the idea. Of course, right now we are not at a stage where we can talk about. As I 
said inorganic is as much part of our day-to-day activities. But at this stage there's nothing 
specific that can be mentioned. We'll of course report it to the concerned parties when any such 
thing happens. But as I said we'll also be careful about the prospects of value generation. So, the 
pricing is also important. It is pricing plus the kind of capabilities that you know that the 
opportunity brings to us that would decide what we would do with inorganic.  
Nitish Rege: 
And just wanted to understand, what's the strategy with adding sunroofs to our portfolio? We've 
seen recently that peers like Gabriel have started doing sunroofs and we've been a late entrant to 
the India market. And CIE Europe already has this, so just wanted to understand the strategy 
there.  
Ander Alvarez: 
We have analyzed this sunroof business that you know that it's a global business that came from 
an acquisition that CIE did in 2019. This business is a centralized business. It's a Tier I and 
product driven business. So, what we saw is that all the development, all the R&D is done in a 
centralized engineering center. It is in Germany. And this business is a completely separate 
business inside CIE. It's not like part of our technological organization. It's just a specific roof 
system business and is managed commercially technically R&D as one unit. So, in this moment 
we don't see any reason to split this unit, from now on we will decide this unit will be independent 
in CIE. The name of this business is Golde. This is the new name that we are using for this 
Company and it is managed independently inside CIE. From now on will not be integrated in 
CIE India despite they have one production plant in India that is in the Pune area.  
Nitish Rege: 
We will not be looking at introducing sunroofs in the India business. 

 
CIE Automotive India Limited 
February 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Ander Alvarez: 
Not at all. Not in this moment.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments.  
Ander Alvarez: 
As usual thank you very much to all the participants for their questions, well directed questions 
and very clever questions. We hope that we answered properly, and we hope that you will 
continue to have faith and trust on our Company and the evolution of this Company. I would 
also like to thank all our team here as they are fully committed to delivering fantastic results. In 
the near future we will see this growth and these good results happening again. Thank you very 
much to all of them.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
Note: This statement has been edited to ensure quality 
 
