 
 
 
 
February 8, 2024 
Sc - 18133 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Q3 FY2024 Earnings Discussion/Conference call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with further reference to our letter sc no. 18089 dated January 17, 2024, 
enclosing herewith the transcript of the earnings/conference call for the quarter ended 
December 31, 2023 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on Friday, 
February 2, 2024. 
The transcript of the earnings/conference call is available on the website of the Company at 
www.tatamotors.com  
This is for your information and records. 
Yours faithfully,  
Tata Motors Limited 
Maloy Kumar Gupta 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
BSE Limited    
First Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai 400 051 
MALOY 
KUMAR 
GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
MALOY KUMAR GUPTA 
Date: 2024.02.08 18:27:18 
+05'30'

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Tata Motors Group  
Q3 FY24 earnings call transcript  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PB BALAJI – GROUP CFO, TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
MR. ADRIAN MARDELL – CEO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MR. GIRISH WAGH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, TATA MOTORS 
LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH CHANDRA – MD TMPVL AND TPEML  
MR. RICHARD MOLYNEUX –CFO, JAGUAR LAND ROVER 
MS. NAMRATA DIVEKAR – HEAD, TREASURY, IR, M&A, TATA 
MOTORS LIMITED 
 
Presentation 
  
 
Anish Gurav 
 
Good day and welcome to Tata Motors Q3 FY24 earnings call. With me today are PB Balaji, Group CFO, 
Tata Motors; Mr. Girish Wagh, Executive Director, Tata Motors; Mr. Shailesh Chandra, MD, Tata Motors 
Passenger Vehicles Limited and Tata Passenger Electric Mobility Limited; Mr. Adrian Mardell, CEO, Jaguar 
Land Rover; Mr. Richard Molyneux, CFO, Jaguar Land Rover and our colleagues from the Investor relations 
team. 
 
Today we plan to walk you through the results presentation followed by Q&A. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in listen only mode and we will be taking questions via the Teams platform which 
is already open for you to submit your questions. You are requested to mention your name and the name 
of your organization while submitting the questions. 
 
I now hand over to Balaji to take this forward. Over to you, Sir. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
P.B. Balaji 
 
Thanks, Anish. Firstly, welcome all of you for the earnings call. Once again, it is our pleasure to take you 
through the results of the quarter. If I were to leave one message with you as to how we see this quarter, 
we see this as one of consistent delivery - six quarters in a row and that gives us tremendous satisfaction 
that we are executing on our strategies in all our businesses. So that is probably the broad message I want 
to leave you with. Let us get into the details. Can I have the next slide, please?  
Safe Harbor Statement, standard, nothing delta here. I think from a product oﬀensive as well as other 
interventions, it continues to be an intense piece of action for us. We had almost 150 launches happening 
from the commercial vehicle side, multiple VCs. Very happy to say that the plant that we acquired from 
Ford, we are calling Sanand 2 has commenced production. In fact, we sold 900 vehicles out of Sanand this 
particular month. So coming through very nicely and done in a record one year's time period. We also 
introduced Punch.ev on the advanced Pure EV architecture, which I am sure Shailesh would love to talk 
about in his section as well as in Q&A that may come. And from a focus completely on building out the EV 
ecosystem, signed MOUs for almost 17,000 public charges and also started with the ﬁrst dedicated EV 
showrooms in India. On JLR side, the exciting Range Rover Electric has opened. We teased it earlier in the 
quarter and almost 16,000 clients have signed up in the ﬁrst 28 days and we decided that Nitra will 
produce electric vehicle by 2030 and Defender, of course, continues to win accolades across the board 
with a new set of awards on What Car? Being the Car of the year there. Okay, next slide.  
On numbers I think before I get into the details of the numbers, one clear call out. I see some confusion 
in the Twitter feed that is there. The TTL sale that we did, the proﬁts from the sale on TTL does not get 
recognized at a consolidated level because it is still a subsidiary of Tata Motors and its results are getting 
consolidated into TML, and therefore, it is only a shareholder-to-shareholder transaction. And therefore, 
in the minority interest, you will see a reduction in the minority interest number one. And number two, it 
goes via whatever the proﬁt is there is coming via OCI. So the PBT numbers that you see do not include 
TTL proﬁts in the consolidated books. However, in the standalone books, it is a company-to-company 
transaction in which case the proﬁt gets recognized there. That is just for abundant clarity. So going on to 
the numbers, on that basis, we had a 25% growth on revenues and an EBIT of 8.3%, up 390 bps and proﬁt 
before tax and exceptional items of almost Rs. 7,600 crores in the quarter and a free cash ﬂow of Rs. 6,400 
crores. More strikingly, on a YTD basis, just to show the consistency in performance, we have had about 
Rs. 3 lakh crores of revenue growing 32% on a YTD basis so far and we had a PBT before exceptional item 
of Rs. 19,000 crores up almost Rs. 22,000 crores over the previous year same time and almost Rs. 16,000 
crores of delta cash has come through. Due to this, the net debt is now down to Rs. 29,200 crores. Go to 
the next slide.  
And if I look at the source of revenue where it came from, out of the 25% growth, 18% came from volume 
and mix. Price contributed just 1.7%. Translation because a pound-sterling appreciated vis-a-vis the rupee 
that's giving us about a 4.5%. And from a proﬁtability perspective, JLR, CV, PV, all of them are positive, but 
JLR in particular - a standout in terms of absolute increase that you see there. The debt is now down to 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Rs. 29,200 crores, of which Tata Motors India is Rs. 3,500 crores and we are conﬁdent that this will go to 
near zero by end of this quarter in line with what we had guided. And JLR is now just GBP 1.6 billion, that 
is at Rs. 16,000 crores there, that should also get cleaned out in the coming ﬁnancial year. So we are well 
on track to deliver the reduction there. Just as a memo point, the last 12 months, we have reduced our 
net debt by almost Rs. 28,000 crores, so we are conﬁdent that the next 12 months, this Rs. 29,000 crores 
should get cleaned out. Next slide.  
Let me hand it over to Richard and Adrian. Over to you, Richard. 
Richard Molyneux: 
Okay, thank you. Yes, I will take you through the JLR results. So next chart, please. And it’s not often you 
get to present a chart like this, every metric up versus every comparator. And it goes to show that we are 
now consistently delivering in line with our commitments. So I will talk very quickly through the columns, 
left to right. So revenue, GBP 7.4 billion in the quarter, GBP 21.1 billion year to date. Those are both 
records for JLR. On a quarterly basis, we are up 22%, and on a year-to-date basis, we are up 35% versus 
prior year. EBIT margin has now doubled year-over-year. We are at 8.8% EBIT and 16% EBITDA and pretty 
much at 16% EBITDA on a three quarter cumulative basis as well. PBT at GBP 627 million is the best Q3 
we have had since 2016, and we are at GBP 1.5 billion just over for the ﬁrst three quarters. Cash ﬂow as 
well, GBP 626 million in the quarter is the best Q3 cash ﬂow we have ever had. And we're at GBP 1.4 billion 
cumulative cash ﬂow in nine months. So as I say, it’s not often you get to present charts like that. Next 
chart. 
 So this chart has some verbatims. I won't go through it in detail because all the points on it I will cover in 
the following charts.  So next chart, please.  
So this one shows our wholesales. Wholesales in the quarter at 101,000 units. That's 27% up year-on-year. 
And this is the ﬁrst quarter for some time where we have had wholesales, retails and production all over 
100,000 units. In terms of the graphs, Range Rover continues to succeed and our production capacity for 
producing these vehicles also increases. So we were running at 2,900 cars per week this quarter versus 
2,800 the previous week. Defender is down, but this is not any demand issue. We have had some supply 
constraints on engines which are common between Range Rover and Defender, so we biased the 
production towards Range Rover. So those are supply issues that will come back. There's no demand issue 
whatsoever in terms of Defender. Discovery and Jaguar, you can see there. I think interestingly the year-
to-date numbers, if you look at percent, Range Rover is up 29% year-over-year, Defender is up 46% year-
over-year. And even those vehicles which are slightly more mature in terms of their life cycle, the Jaguars 
and the Discoveries, are up 9% year-on-year. So even the really mature ones are up year-over-year. Next 
chart.  
I won't spend considerable detail on this either, as each region has its own slightly diﬀerent seasonality. I 
think when you look at the bottom part of this chart, it suﬃces to say that all regions year to date are up 
at least 17%. So what we have is a very consistent, broad-based growth across our client base. Next chart. 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
So this starts to look at the ﬁnancial walk, it takes PBT from a year ago to the GBP 627 million this quarter. 
Obviously, volume and the recovery of our ability to produce is the most signiﬁcant part of the variance. 
However, I think there is a little bit of a story to tell in relation to net pricing and contribution costs because 
those columns look quite diﬀerent to the ones that we presented in prior quarters. So it is getting a little 
bit more costly to acquire customers, particularly as we try to smooth our order bank in the future. So net 
pricing is still positive, but not as positive as it has been in previous quarters. However, contribution costs 
are not as bad as they were 12 months ago. This is largely a result of the fact that as the semiconductor 
sector has come back a bit more towards normality, we are not having to spend anywhere near the 
amount of money that we were spending this time last year on broker buys of chips. We've moved much 
more into long-term, stable, mutually beneﬁcial relationships with chip manufacturers. So that transition 
of having slightly less positive net pricing but more positive material cost is deﬁnitely reﬂective of a change 
in the industry dynamic. 
Structural costs are going up. I mentioned beforehand that FME which is our marketing expense and 
selling, that's essentially the same as VME. Those two parts together are us investing more in terms of 
demand acquisition than we needed to do in the past. Admin is also up. Over half of that is our digital 
transformation. FX largely, as would expect it to be, sterling strengthened considerably in the quarter and 
most of our operational FX was oﬀset by our derivative cover. So that is largely the message here, we are 
delivering in terms of volume, we're still net price positive and the serious inﬂation pain that we had this 
time last year is starting to ameliorate. Next chart.  
This takes our PBT to cash, actually GBP 627 million to GBP 626 million, so it is not a great deal of net 
diﬀerence. What is important here, I think though, is the cash proﬁt after tax column in the middle there, 
GBP 1.24 billion. That is also a record for JLR. Delivering that level of cash proﬁts does allow us to fund 
investment spending that is increasing as we move towards the delivery of our new BEV and electrical 
architectures. So delivery of that is important. Working capital was favorable in the quarter as we had 
higher volume. But if you note the row below, cumulatively our GBP 1.4 billion year-to-date cash ﬂow, 
only GBP 0.2 billion of that is due to working capital. Most of it is due to cash proﬁt after tax. Next chart.  
Investment. So investment GBP 862 million for the quarter. Our capitalization rate remains ﬂat at the 
same rate that it has been for the past two quarters at 63%. I think interesting in here is our engineering 
spend is up 3% quarter-on-quarter, but our capital investment is up 34% quarter-on-quarter. And that 
reﬂects the fact that we are now moving into the industrialization phase of all of our new vehicles. That is 
a later phase to engineering, obviously engineering ﬁrst, industrialized second. But it gives the indication 
that these vehicles are now well down the chute in terms of being delivered. Next chart.  
I will take you into a quick business update. So let's move ahead. So what's important here, I think, is this 
word “consistently”. If you look at our EBIT over the last four quarters was 6.5%, then 8.6%, then 7.3%, 
then 8.8%. We are consistently delivering strong and improving EBIT. And that's really important for our 
operating model because we are inevitably going to face challenges, some we know about and I am sure 
there's some we don't yet know about. We will have to keep focusing on the order book to make sure 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
that we build demand as the supply constraints ease. There will be supply constraints, be it natural 
disasters, accidents, constraints, as some of our suppliers ﬁnd it more diﬃcult to keep pace with our 
volumes rising. So we will see these things and we will see continued inﬂation, even if not in commodity 
prices and energy prices, there will be inﬂation, and there remains inﬂation in terms of labor costs, which 
we will have to manage and oﬀset. Red Sea is obviously an issue for us. It so far has not caused us serious 
concern. We have some suppliers that have also transporting parts the other way that we're also keeping 
a very close eye on. At the moment, it is not having a material impact on our business. Next chart.  
So I did want to give an update on our electriﬁcation journey as this is also something that we did at the 
same meeting last year. Bottom line is there is very little change. Range Rover is coming soon, followed 
by Jaguar and our EMA architecture, such that by the end of 2026, Jaguar and four landmark BEVs will be 
available. Two others will follow a little bit later. Partly is we do continue to see very strong demand, 
particularly for PHEVs. As a transition technology, PHEVs do seem to be taking an increasing share of 
consumer demand. So we are focusing on that a little bit more as a transition technology. But 
fundamentally no real change. And if you look at the right-hand side of that chart, BEV available on all 
models by 2030, a 100% sales, zero tailpipe emissions in 2036 and net carbon zero in 2039 remain exactly 
as they were beforehand. Next chart.  
This is the exciting one. The Range Rover Electric, our order bank and our waiting list is open and we have 
16,000 people that have already signed up to that waiting list. This car, it is a Range Rover ﬁrst, but it is 
electric. We are driving prototypes and what we're ﬁnding is that very, very powerful, but also quiet and 
serene BEV system. It is actually perfect for what the brand of Range Rover stands for. In many ways, it is 
going to be the ultimate Range Rover. It will be technically peerless. If you see on the chart, we have ﬁled 
more patents with Range Rover Electric than any other Range Rover before. It is got an 800-volt 
architecture. But it is not just technically peerless. It does what all Range Rovers can that others can't, 
such as wade through 850 mils of water. So we're really looking forward to this car. We are investing GBP 
70 million now in an underbody facility in order to produce the slightly speciﬁc underbody that vehicle 
requires. We are preparing. It is coming. It is going to be amazing. Next chart.  
So just looking ahead in terms of guidance. We expect our EBIT margin to be over the 8% number that we 
targeted beforehand. We expect investments to be around GBP 3.2 billion this year. And we continue to 
expect operating cash ﬂow to support under GBP 1 billion of net debt by the end of this ﬁnancial year and 
positive net cash in FY 2025. 
As it says, our priorities are to focus on brand activation, to continue to monitor and improve supply, and 
respond where the challenges emerge, and to continue to execute our plans ﬂawlessly. 
That's all I think I had to say at this point. I will hand back to Balaji. 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Moving on to commercial vehicles and the next slide, please.  

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
The market shares, particularly in the heavy and medium sections, are consistently gaining. On the 
heavies, fundamentally, products are performing much better than competition and very much meeting 
the needs of the customers. And hence you can see a consistent increase in market share despite 
discounts being wheeled back. And we are also seeing in the intermediates is what you see as MGV here, 
with the product availability starting to increase, we are seeing step up in market shares here as well. Light 
commercial vehicles, we do have a challenge. We are addressing it. It'll take a few quarters for us to get 
our act right, but we are committed to ensure this shape of this graph is turned as well. And passenger, 
as the orders start coming in, we do not expect any challenge on this front. Once school season opens up 
you should see this coming back again. Next slide please.  
On the ﬁnancial performance, 19% revenue growth, with an EBITDA now touching 11.1%. On a full-year 
basis, this EBITDA is now 10.4%, so very much well and truly double-digit EBITDA margin, a milestone that 
we set for ourselves has been secured and we intend to build on this. EBIT of 8.6% which is a 270 bps 
improvement and almost Rs. 1,700 crores of proﬁt in this quarter and Rs. 4,100 crores on a full-year basis 
so far. So CV clearly coming back from a ﬁnancial perspective in a very healthy space. Next slide.  
Source of where the money has come from, as on strategy, volume, mix and realizations. That's where it 
is. Investments in products and investments as the activity levels pick up on employee costs is the ones 
that you see there. 
Let me now hand this over to Girish to talk about the business. 
 
Girish Wagh: 
Thank you Balaji. So initially, let's look at the segment wise growth. We have seen a year-over-year growth 
in the truck, that is heavy commercial vehicles, intermediate light and medium commercial vehicles as 
well as the buses, in the last line. I think it is just the small commercial vehicle line which has declined 
year-on-year. I think quarter-on-quarter we saw a marginal decline in trucks as well as in SCV pickup. But 
as far as revenue is concerned, I think we had our highest ever revenue for third quarter at Rs. 18,538 
crores, surpassed our earlier highest in Q3 FY 2019. As Balaji mentioned, the market shares continue to 
move up in the heavy commercial vehicles and also in the intermediate and light-medium commercial 
vehicles as we continue on our realization improvement journey. I think on SCV pickup, yes, the market 
shares have disappointed us but I think we are on a longer-term journey here. I think we have improved 
the unit economics very aggressively and we are happy with the scale that we are in - in terms of the 
breakeven for this business and we are making a lot of structural transformation on the front end in this 
business to then gradually improve the volumes through a pull basis. Non-vehicle business, which has 
been our focus consistently over last eight quarters, continued to grow and grew by around 12% yoy. 
Some of the bright spots, I think in Q3 when we measured the customer sentiment index, a very good 
improvement in the tippers. Rest of the segments have kind of remained ﬂat which in a manner augers 
well for the business. On digital, I think we are continuously ramping up our activity, and in Q3, we had 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
20% of our sales leads coming from digital sources, from digital channels. And in small commercial vehicle, 
which is one of the important transformation we're doing, 23% leads came from digital and in vans and 
buses it was almost 28%. We introduced more than 150 variants in Q3, and with that, I think we are now 
positioned very well in all the product lines, in all the segments. As far as the commodity scenario is 
concerned, I think we saw some softening across the non-ferrous metals which was oﬀset by hardening 
in the ferrous metal prices. But I think we had a signiﬁcant push in cost reduction, and therefore, very 
healthy outcomes which in fact helped us to negate most of the cost increases that had happened when 
we migrated to BS6 Phase 2. Going ahead, we will continue to improve our realizations. So this is a track 
that we have taken, a transformative track and we'll continue to look at this. We will drive innovations to 
address some of the speciﬁc micro-segments. So while we launched 150 variants in Q3, we will continue 
to come up with newer products. We will continue to create demand by judicious mix of ATL, BTL and 
digital will keep on increasing quarter-over-quarter. I will speak about the electric vehicles on the next 
slide, but I think we continue to ramp up our eﬀorts in terms of generating demand and fulﬁlling the same. 
We will continue to increase our penetration in service and spares. In International markets, I think while 
the total industry volumes in most of the markets remain subdued, we are maintaining our market shares, 
and in fact, grown our margins signiﬁcantly YoY and we are also ensuring channel proﬁtability till the 
industry volumes come back in these markets. Next slide.  
On electric mobility, we now have, as of yesterday, more than 2,700 vehicles (ACE EV’s) now plying on the 
roads and we continue to gain traction in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. We are working on demand creation 
initiatives here so more than 500 fast chargers have been installed pan India. We are working with the 
ﬁnanciers on very innovative ﬁnancing solutions backed up by increased battery warranty, which is 
actually giving a favorable total cost of ownership comparison with respect to internalized engine 
combustion variants (ICE variants). We have been able to crack ﬁrst few deals in the municipal garbage 
collection application. So till now, we were focusing on last-mile distribution e-commerce. I think we are 
now getting into municipal applications also. The vehicles have been demonstrating signiﬁcantly better 
performance and reliability in the market compared with some of the other vehicles which otherwise are 
serving this need. We've also put up more than 150 EV dedicated support centers across the country, 
which are helping manage the health of all these vehicles proactively. Coming to our Smart City Mobility 
Solutions business, continues to grow strength from strength and now we have more than 1,200 buses 
deployed till December and total now more than 2,000 buses are operating, out of which 1,000 are as a 
part of the CESL tender 1 that we had won and we have delivered buses to DTC, that is Delhi Transport 
Corporation, Bangalore, as well as Jammu and Kashmir. Now our e-bus ﬂeet cumulatively has covered 
more than 110 million kilometers, delivering consistently more than 95% uptime. We have been 
consistently meeting the outstanding requirements across all the depots and we are working on improving 
energy eﬃciency with all these kilometers that we have under the belt now, which is therefore improving 
our operating economics in this business. We are also working with government and made a good 
progress on the payment security mechanism. There are few last issues, which are being solved with 
respect to the balance sheet with which I think we will get back into the new tenders aggressively. On 
digital businesses, pleased to inform that the ﬂeet edge continues to build momentum. Now more than 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
530,000 vehicles are on ﬂeet edge. We started the subscription modules which are very well received and 
we have more than 50% penetration in the trucks and buses in the subscription model. We've also seen 
the engagement times increasing month over month. The ﬂeet edge continues to give enhanced insights 
on operations, vehicle health, etc. to the ﬂeet owners. We have also completed integration of FASTag into 
the ﬂeet edge, with which a truck owner can seamlessly move from one FASTag to another. As far as 
further value-added products, we have launched now fuel eﬃciency consultancy in ﬂeet edge, which is 
branded as Mileage Saarthi, and there are two, three versions in this. The ﬁrst one being part of 
subscription itself and kind of do it yourself and rest are paid basis. On Freight Tiger, we are on our track 
to do the integration with Fleet Edge. The ﬁrst integration which is happening is the carrier matching of 
platform of Freight Tiger with that of Fleet Edge who have a native journey. On E-Dukaan, our online 
marketplace for spare parts growing leaps and bounds. I think it grew 4.5 times YoY. I spoke about the 
digitally sourced leads. We also have our online sales platform, very happy to tell you that we had more 
than 6,000 leads originated from this online sales platform. And we now have ﬁve financiers which are 
integrated on this platform. So that's the progress on the digital businesses.  
Back to you Balaji. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you, Girish. Moving on to PV, next slide please.  
The market shares, Vahan is now, the focus is squarely to drive that and that is yielding very good results 
for us. And we have this quarter delivered 14.6% share and now consistently for a few months have been 
number two in the country and we intend to sustain that. The other on the EVs as well as CNG, the 
penetrations of CNG, I draw your attention to now at 14%, EV at 12% and therefore, this is really delivering 
the CAFE compliance for us, against our calculated target of 118.9 g/km, we are trending at 93.8 g/km, 
and therefore, there's a signiﬁcant headroom that we have on the CAFE compliance piece. Next slide 
please.  
On EVs, of course the overall volumes continue to be strong, delivering almost 21% growth. This is not 
enough for us and we will be stepping this up further, as the new cars come in, the networks increase, 
charging networks go up. So the task on hand as far as EV is concerned, is squarely to develop the markets. 
And you would see us intervening in this in a complete 360-degree manner, which we'll be more than 
happy to talk about subsequently. Shailesh will be more than happy to elaborate on that. Next slide.  
On the numbers per se. The full year YTD so far delivering a 6% growth, delivered EBITDA margin ﬂat at 
about 6.1%. And I will tell you why it is happening that way. And as far as EBIT margins are concerned, 
operating leverage kicking in to deliver a 70 bps improvement. And even on the current quarter, we're 
now sitting at an EBIT margin of 2.1%. And the business is now almost Rs. 900 crores of proﬁts has been 
made this year. Next slide.  
 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
This is a very important slide in terms of how the PV mix is starting to play around. Obviously, as guided 
last time also, we do see signiﬁcant savings coming through in the variable cost line and hence you see 
that stepping up and therefore this is then translating into the PV EBITDA now nearing almost double-
digits. And on the EV EBITDA before product development expenses, we are now break even. And once 
we include the step up in product development expenses as new cars are getting created and will get 
launched in due course, you see the EBITDA sitting at minus 8.2%. But on an overall basis, we are still 
comfortable in terms of overall EBIT being 2.1% or Rs. 400 crores of proﬁt in the quarter. So that's how 
this is coming through. And as battery prices come oﬀ, you would expect to see the EBITDA excluding PV 
expenses to continue to keep inching up. And overall EBITDA destination is to take it to break even sooner 
rather than later. Next slide. Shailesh? 
 Shailesh Chandra: 
Yeah, thank you Balaji. Let me start with the key highlights of the industry. Rather I will start with the 
calendar year 2023. This was the calendar year where we saw that every quarter the industry posted 1 
million unit or more. And therefore for the entire calendar year 2023, the industry sold 4.1 million units, 
which was roughly 8% growth. Speciﬁcally in Q3, the wholesale volume grew by 9% year-on-year, again 
hitting a 1 million mark. There was a high level of discounting also that we saw in Q3 right from the festive 
season and peaking in the month of December. And I would say, this was mostly because the festive period 
was slightly below expectation, and therefore, there was a pressure of clearing the inventory in the 
industry. Vahan actually grew at 7%, which was 2% lesser than the wholesale growth of 9%. And that 
pretty much indicates the situation of why the stock was slightly higher, and therefore, the channel stock 
while it ended in December end to lower levels than what we had been seeing for last two quarters, but 
still it was higher than, say if you compare with the 1st Jan 2023 inventory. As far as PV-EV is concerned, 
Tata Motors performance, the calendar year 2023 was the third successive year of our highest ever sales 
and we touched 553,000 units. Unlike the industry, our Vahan actually grew by 15% as compared to just 
a 5% wholesale increase. And this, we did it deliberately because we wanted to go for a steeper reduction 
in channel stock to create a very healthy situation for us in Q4 of this ﬁnancial year. The focus on Vahan 
really helped us in ensuring that in Q3 we were ranked number two with a 14.6% Vahan market share 
which was nearly a 190 bps growth over quarter two. And this has happened because we also had a very 
strong performance during the festive period, unlike the industry where it was slightly moderate, I would 
say. Coming to bright spots in the industry, if you really see the growth rates in CY 2023 to understand the 
trend of diﬀerent powertrains, while the overall growth I said for calendar year 2023 for the industry was 
8%, CNG grew by 25% and EVs nearly doubled at growth rate of about 95% to 100%. And I think this trend 
is likely to continue. So companies with stronger portfolio in CNG and EVs will grow. Market is responding 
well to new launches. So we have seen that all the players who actually went for new nameplate launch 
have driven the growth better than the industry growth. Coming to Tata Motors. The bright spot for us is 
a very healthy channel stock, as I mentioned earlier, because we have taken a steeper correction of stock 
in quarter three and therefore, we have seen that in Jan 2024, which was last month, we did the highest 
ever oﬀ take at 53,600 in domestic market. There's a strong traction of the facelifted products and the 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
iCNG range. As you know that in Q3 and Q2, we launched Nexon, Harrier, Safari and also the Punch CNG. 
All these four products have sold the highest in Jan 2024. So there's continued traction for all these three 
products which is helping us go to a higher level of volumes. Launch of Punch EV has been taken well in 
the market and I think this is going to help us drive EV sales going forward. In Jan, we posted 69% growth 
as far as EV sales are concerned. We also launched the ﬁrst two TATA.ev exclusive channels in Gurugram. 
Very good footfalls we are seeing and these, we have a plan to expand this in the coming months. In the 
next 18 months, we believe that in most of the high- selling cities, we would have these exclusive channels 
and we plan to only sell EVs through these channels in the cities where we open this. Coming to challenges 
as far as industry is concerned, we had seen a very strong growth in FY 2023 of 25% which is likely to 
moderate in FY 2024 to about 8%, and therefore, we are seeing with this high base eﬀect, the FY 2025 will 
be slightly challenging with less than 5% growth rate is what we anticipate. As far as EVs are concerned, I 
think biggest challenge here is the pace at which the charging infra is growing. It is lagging behind the pace 
at which the EV adoption is happening. We have seen that the commodity prices have been stable in the 
past one quarter or so, but there is a risk going forward of this going up for certain commodities. So we 
are keeping very close track of that. For PV and EV going forward, our focus will be to maintain ICE market 
share with continued focus on the new models. We will be working on driving the penetration and 
expansion of electric vehicle market and there are speciﬁc initiatives that we have taken to fundamentally 
expand this industry through micro market focus. So we are focusing on about 15 to 20 cities and also 
leveraging the expanded range of products. With Punch launch, we have now four promising products in 
the personal segment so we'll be utilizing that. And given that the charging infra is crucial to the growth 
and expansion of EV market, we have gone for an open collaboration approach with all charge point 
operators as well as the oil marketing companies who are focusing on expansion of charging infra. So I 
think with these initiatives, we should continue to do well in future. 
Back to you Balaji. 
PB Balaji: 
Yeah, thanks, Shailesh. So at an overall level, let me step up the pace here. Go to the next slide please.  
The Capex spends, we are trending towards the Rs. 8,000 crores that we identiﬁed as a spend for the year. 
So we therefore expect that Capex to be funded completely out of cash proﬁt. So don't see a stress there. 
Next slide.  
This is what I guided, saying that Rs. 6,000 crores is spent so far, so we should be in the Rs. 8,000 crore 
zone for the year. Next slide.  
On Tata Motors Finance, the call out is the continued reduction in GNPA. The collection eﬃciencies have 
been trending well. Even January has been a good month for us. GNPA has now reduced to 6.5% and both 
the early delinquency as well as the roll forward rates are now performing well. And disbursals, of course, 
have declined 11% as the focus has been completely on building the quality. This will now start changing 
from now onwards. As the portfolio quality is ﬁne through prudent sourcing, we will now step up the ROA 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
by focusing on growth. But we want to do it in a prudent manner. At the same time, we will want to 
diversify the book further to reduce portfolio risks and digitalize the business for lower TAT. So the 
fundamentals of the business are strengthening, and therefore, we are now gradually stepped back on to 
the growth story. Next slide, please.  
So looking ahead, I think all three businesses are performing well and we continue to remain positive on 
that, and therefore, our Q4 should see an improvement because of the traditional seasonality. Q4 is 
normally the strongest quarters for us, new launches that are there in Shailesh's area and Girish's area, 
and of course, improving supplies at JLR, which Richard talked about. And therefore, we are quite 
conﬁdent of delivering on the deleveraging plans that we have laid out. And the priorities is there for all 
of you to see. The only delta which is compared to earlier, that is there is the whole focus on EVs to step 
up the market, develop the market and drive portfolio penetration to 15% plus from the current 12%. So 
products, charging infra, ecosystem and everything that Shailesh just talked about. So that's what we had 
to say.  
And we'll probably go into questions and the queue has already formed. So let me take the ﬁrst set of 
question, Just give me a minute, please. 
Questions and Answers session: 
Okay. Maybe the ﬁrst question. JLR, Richard, coming your way in terms of outlook. This is from Mumuksh 
from Anand Rathi. Can you share the outlook for the demand in the US and Europe? And how do you see 
this industry, the fact that the volumes are still below 2019, how do you see that performance around? 
And also a lot of noise around EV penetration slowing down in developed markets? How are you going to 
respond to that in your plans? 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah, let me take that. So, at the moment, certainly, we are not seeing any demand issues in the US. It 
remains extremely strong, Defender and Range Rover in particular are very strong brands over there and 
doing really well. Europe, I think, a little bit more stable, and we're probably keeping more of an eye on. 
EV penetration over the medium term, I don't think there's any change in the end game here. The speed 
as to exactly how and what the curve looks like to get there, I think there have been many predictions in 
the past that it would be a very S-curve focused transition, and now some of those are being tailored back 
a bit. Certainly most of the recent forecasts have come back. But it doesn't change our plans at all. We 
have targets for our sustainability, our CO2 emissions in 2030, 2036 and 2039. So we are not going to 
change our plans. I am sure in a year or so's time those forecasts around EV penetration will change again. 
But as I say, for us, we have our plans. We know our plans. We're executing our plan. 
 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
PB Balaji: 
Thank you, Richard. Next one, Girish, coming your way. Again, a question has been asked in diﬀerent 
forms. Demand in commercial vehicles, particularly for medium and heavies, as well as the small 
commercial vehicles. How do you see it? 
 Girish Wagh: 
Let me talk about a few macro factors ﬁrst. So I think if we trend the history for last ﬁve years, we see that 
the demand in billion ton kilometers has been growing every year and actually the fleet utilizations 
continue to be at good levels and there is a steady balance between demand and supply. The transporter 
proﬁtability actually remains stable. As I spoke in my presentation, the customer sentiment index is also 
quite stable, the freight rates are steady, but we have seen a YoY decline in volumes in Q3 to some extent 
and mostly in January. In the third quarter we have seen some drop in the government expenditure and 
also due to the elections in the ﬁve states, there was some impact and therefore, we do expect a pause 
in growth in Q4. And also, as you know, last Q4 was a very robust Q4 for us because of the transition from 
BS6 Phase 1 to Phase 2. So we do expect a single-digit kind of decline over Q4 of last year. Due to the 
general elections, we do see that the Q1 at least of next year should be a bit soft and when we meet next 
I think we will have visibility post that also. But this is a common phenomenon. Whenever there is general 
election we see an impact for around three to six months. But at a larger level, if you see, I think at an 
overall level, GDP growth continues to be strong, the capital expenditure by government continues to be 
strong, the infra push is there and this will therefore ensure that the CV demand will be there. Because 
whether it is ﬂeet utilization, freight rates, demand/supply balance, I think all these factors remain pretty 
steady. Now, within that, we have always seen that generally the medium and heavies have higher 
amplitudes, but this time we see that most of the segments seem to be moving together. So that's the 
outlook that we have for the demand. Balaji? 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Girish. Richard, this coming your way. I think two types of questions on the margins. One is gross 
margins have seen an improvement. Are these sustainable? Any one-oﬀs there? And what were the 
realized revenue hedges that you have? So one around gross margin. The other is around the employee 
cost at your end? The numbers have trended up a bit. Is there any one-oﬀs there, anything that you'd like 
to call out? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, sure. So let me deal with that. So, look, our gross margin, there is a little bit of seasonality in there, 
dependent on where we sell vehicles and what we sell. So in Q3, we had slightly higher mix in China and 
also slightly higher mix in terms of pure Range Rover i.e. big Range Rover. So I don't expect massive 
changes. But Q3 mix was more favorable for us than you would expect in an average year. The next 
question was about Employee cost. Employee costs. So, yes, there are some one-oﬀs in there. We have 
just concluded a deal with the UK unions, this is a two-year deal. The ﬁrst year is 3% base pay increase 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
plus a ﬁxed bonus for the employees. The second year is 3.5% plus also a bonus, but this time more 
variable to company performance. So some of the accounting for that deal has led to a bit of a one-oﬀ 
that we've taken in Q3. So that is one eﬀect that will reverse back out as we go through into the future 
quarters. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Again, staying with you, Richard, the UK government's electriﬁcation policy change, does that 
change anything on your plans, given their decision to delay ICE sales ban to 2035? 
Richard Molyneux 
As I mentioned before, no, it doesn't. We have our own targets. We will be net carbon zero 2039 and we 
will have all vehicles on BEV on 2030. So no UK government policy will change our plans. We're also 
obviously, for notes, a global manufacturer. And so UK is 20% or so of our business. 
PB Balaji 
Sure. Second one, just staying on the Red Sea shipping issues for a while, is there a challenge? What 
percentage of your shipments do you think will face this impact, both on the inbound as well as the 
outbound? 
Richard Molyneux 
So for us, in terms of outbound, we have 15% of our sales in China. Obviously, that goes through that 
route and a proportion of our sales in overseas. So overseas in the quarter was about 18% of our sales. 
Not all of those will now be forced to go around the Cape, but a proportion of them will. So we're keeping 
an eye on it. Look, at the moment, it is having a little bit of an eﬀect on us in terms of Q4. We obviously 
have more vehicles on the water than we would normally expect to have. I think the one that we're 
keeping an eye out is the sort of derivative eﬀect of that in terms of container capacity and shipping 
capacity and timing coming back from the Far East, where we have several suppliers. So no actual issues 
yet, but something we're keeping an eye on. At the moment, I'd say the impact of the red sea issues on 
our business up till this point are manageable. 
PB Balaji 
Thanks. Girish, slightly a diﬀerent kind of a question. Can you go back to the Freight Tiger acquisition and 
just talk about what beneﬁts you expect out of that? 
Girish Wagh  
Right. So I think, as we said in the last call, also, I think we are focusing on building digital platforms at 
scale with the purpose of reducing or eliminating the friction points and actually bringing eﬃciencies in 
the logistics ecosystem. Now, we already have a very powerful platform which is Fleet Edge. As I said, we 
have more than 0.5 million vehicles on this platform, and this platform plays in the trucking ecosystem 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
and is contributing signiﬁcantly in terms of TCO, that is total cost of ownership, and therefore, business 
proﬁtability improvement for our customers. The Freight Tiger, as we explained, is a platform which will 
scale up and operates in the logistics ecosystem and has a carrier matching as well as a trucker’s 
management system, transport management system as two platforms within. We are now focusing on 
integrating the Freight Tiger and Fleet Edge - 2 platforms which will connect the trucking ecosystem with 
the logistics ecosystem. Therefore, the customers of Fleet Edge will now have a native access to the 
logistics, and therefore, freight in the market. And the shippers on the Freight Tiger platform will have 
seamless access to the truckers. So this will ensure that both the sides of the continuum will actually have 
access to each other, and therefore, improve eﬃciencies. So with this, we believe that we can create a 
signiﬁcant value for the shippers as well as the ﬂeet owners as we integrate these two platforms going 
ahead. Balaji? 
PB Balaji 
Yeah, thanks, Girish. Shailesh, Sanand 2 with the capacity now starting to ﬁre, what is your magnitude and 
timeline for phase-wise addition of capacity there? 
Shailesh Chandra 
See, we have installed capacity of 300,000 in Sanand 2 and we can potentially add further 120,000 to take 
it up to 4,20,000. But as of now, I think 300,000 is what we are ﬁrst thinking of utilizing. We have started 
the production from 10th Jan onwards, and the target is that in the ﬁrst phase, which is this quarter, we 
would target about 20% to 25% production of Nexon from Sanand 2, and progressively, in the next six, 
seven months, we would completely shift the production of Nexon, both ICE as well as EVs, to Sanand 2. 
That's broadly the plan. We have already identiﬁed the products which we have to make in Sanand 2, and 
I think that is something which I would not like to disclose today. But that plan means that in the next two 
to three years, this will be completely utilized. 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Shailesh. Again, I will take that question – thought process on any other monetization 
opportunities there. Currently, there is nothing that we are actively working on. If and when something 
comes up, we will let you know.  So that's the set of questions. Let me move to the next one.  
I think Ben or Richard, this is coming your way. Post reporting, there were GBP 650 million due on 15 Jan, 
which I presume you repaid with cash. You have another GBP 500 million in the next 12 months. Any plans 
for debt once you achieve your GBP 1 billion target? 
Bennet Birgbauer 
Do you want me to pick that up, Richard? 
 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Richard Molyneux 
Yup, go for it. 
Bennet Birgbauer 
Yeah. Okay. So we did pay the EUR 650 million bond that matured in January out of cash. It is probably 
worth pointing out that we target obviously getting to net debt of GBP 1 billion or better by the end of 
March. Moving from GBP 1.6 billion at the end of December to that would mean that we'd be generating 
cash ﬂow suﬃcient to cover that. As far as next year, the next maturity that we have is a bond maturity 
of EUR 500 million in November. Again, we have said that we expect to get to net debt zero in FY 2025. 
So that would imply that we are generating suﬃcient cash ﬂow to also cover that. I think we continue to 
evaluate our funding plans when we might next come to market, but I don't really have any comments on 
that right now. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you, Ben. Moving again, staying with JLR for a while. On demand, order book, VME, basically saying, 
considering expectations of mild recession, would you expect the order book rundown pace at 10K per 
month or higher? VME, how much do you expect it to increase from the current 2.5%? And is there any 
cap that you are working with? And of course, when would supplies commence for Range Rover BEV? 
Richard Molyneux 
Okay. So let me try and take those. We started the quarter with an order bank of 168,000. We ended just 
under 150,000, so 19,000 oﬀ in the three months period. We have said before that our sort of pre-COVID 
natural level of order bank is about 110,000 and we would expect to sort of glide down towards that level 
over coming months. So I don't think there is any change in our plans as to how we manage that. We will 
start to focus, as I mentioned before, more on demand generation to make that transition smooth. In 
terms of VME, we are at 2.5%. I do expect that to increase over coming quarters but nowhere near the 
levels that we've seen from JLR in the past. Range Rover and Defender, in particular, continue to have 
really strong demand at extremely low, if not zero levels of VME. So, yes, I do expect it to increase from 
2.5% but not in leaps and bounds.  
PB Balaji 
Yeah. And Range Rover BEV? 
Richard Molyneux 
Sorry, Range Rover BEV, yes, with sort of c. 12 months from now they will be around. We are driving 
prototypes now and they are amazing. 
 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Shailesh, this coming your way. Tata Motors acquired this Sanand plant from Ford. The 
number stands corrected. There's also stamp duty to be added to this, roughly about Rs. 1,100 crores 
outflow. What are the additional Capex incurred to make this operational and how will the productivity 
be of this plant? 
Shailesh Chandra 
Yeah, I would not like to share the exact Capex number because it is, I would say, still work in progress 
given that we have ﬁrst only started with one nameplate. There are more nameplates to come. But 
broadly, if I have to give a ballpark understanding of what it means, the beneﬁt that we would have, if I 
compare it with a greenﬁeld of similar capacity and the nameplates that we have in mind, this investment 
would come down to about 40% to 45% of what we would have otherwise incurred for a greenﬁeld 
project. From a productivity perspective, this plant is highly automated, especially when I talk about weld 
shop, paint shop, speciﬁcally in these shops, I believe that the productivity would be better by 10% to 15% 
as a ballpark. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. Again, Richard, this is coming your way on JLR. Do you expect any release from working capital 
in Q4? And how do you see the marketing expenses developing for coming year? You've answered VME. 
Can you also talk about FME? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, of course. So I would expect a little bit of working capital in Q4. FY 2025, if you look at the cumulative 
four quarters of that year, I would not necessarily expect any cash ﬂow impact on working capital, certainly 
not a material one. Marketing expense is pretty much the same answer as I gave in terms of VME, VME 
and ﬁxed marketing expense combined is essentially the cost of acquiring new customers. And we do 
expect that together, VME and FME to increase marginally as we go start of next year, but as I've said, not 
in massive amounts. 
PB Balaji 
Yeah. So, two additional questions, again, BEV versus ICE margin, since BEV tends to be lower margin, how 
do you see this mix playing out in your overall portfolio? And second is, break evens, can you just comment 
on that? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yeah, sure. So we've spoken about the Range Rover Electric, and we should note we have a diﬀerent 
strategy to many in the industry. This is a Range Rover that is electric. An electric powertrain in a Range 
Rover is more powerful, more serene, more quiet than the ICE ones. Actually, to many respects, this car 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
is going to be the ultimate expression of what a Range Rover is. So if you look at it from that perspective, 
I don't think there is a reason to necessarily assume that the margins are going to be lower. So we have a 
diﬀerent way of approaching BEVs on our products and the interaction of what a BEV is with our brand, 
that probably puts us in a slightly better place than others. In terms of breakeven, I think we do expect 
that to increase a little bit over the next 18 months or so as our mix moves probably a little bit away from 
Range Rover and Defender towards some of our other nameplates. But I would not again say that it would 
materially shift. 
PB Balaji 
Okay. Staying with you, Richard, for a minute, two additional questions. 10% EBIT margin by 2026. Still 
comfortable with that? Is there any risks that you see to this target? 
Richard Molyneux 
Yes, we're not going to change our guidance in that. That's deﬁnitely what we are aiming for. There are 
always risks, particularly when you're talking about FY 2026, it is a way away. We don't know what is going 
to happen to geopolitics and to global demand, but it is still our target and nothing particular I want to 
note in terms of risks. 
PB Balaji  
Yeah, and the other one is eﬀective tax rate for JLR. Let me take that. Eﬀective tax rate in a quarter is 
normally volatile. Full year basis on a consol, we are still trending at about 22%. So that number seems 
realistic in terms of how you should plan your eﬀective tax rate for the company. 25% is a sensible number 
to go with. 
Question Girish, coming your way. How's the pricing environment for M&HCV? I think the demand 
environment you talked about pricing, can you talk about? 
Girish Wagh 
I think, as we have been indicating for past four quarters now, we continue to improve the value of our 
products, we continue to deliver more and more services using Fleet Edge and beyond. And therefore, I 
think we are in a very good position delivering higher value to the customer. And we remain focused on 
that. And with this, I think we are happy to keep on improving realization quarter-over-quarter. So I think 
that's the journey that we have taken and we will stay on that journey. 
PB Balaji 
Thank you. The other one on Tata Motors Finance. Can you also talk about the reduction in CV market 
share in Tata Motors Finance and the overall AUM of TMFL? I think the focus has been squarely on quality 
and ensuring that we get our act right on sourcing. So we have consciously not targeted the business on 
CV market share. And Girish and team have been very supportive to ensure that we have other financiers 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
coming up and picking up the slack. This, of course, going forward, now that we've got our business model 
right, sourcing strategies right, we will start building back our share as far as CV is concerned, but done in 
a prudent manner. And AUM for TMFL is fundamentally a mirror image of the view that we take on 
disbursements. So we should expect to see AUM also to pick up going forward. 
Then again on demand. I think we have already covered this point, so let me probably skip that. PV, 
Shailesh coming your way. In the recent budget, the PLI incentive allocation was only Rs. 35 billion. This is 
extremely small considering the entire auto industry will claim it. How do you see it? 
Shailesh Chandra 
I believe that Rs. 3,500 crore is suﬃcient, given that there are not many players who have been able to 
get the PLI certiﬁcate. And therefore, I believe, for us, we already have one product which has got the 
certiﬁcate and rest of the products, the work is underway to get the certiﬁcate. I believe that this should 
be okay as far as we are concerned. 
PB Balaji 
Okay. Again, Richard, this coming your way, a little bit more on Range Rover BEV, who's the target 
customer? And for this, what we are showing as people who are registering interest, can you say, are you 
taking any deposits from them? Is it to be treated as orders? How should one treat it? 
 Richard Molyneux 
Okay. So on the later part of that, no, we are not taking deposits and we are asking them to sign up to a 
waiting list. We do collect information in relation to that waiting list as to who those customers are and 
how they break down. I don't have the details to hand. But it is a mix, including a large number of people 
who drive electric variants of other OEMs. So we are anticipating quite some incrementality as a result of 
this and looking forward to delivering cars to those customers, as I say, c.12 months from now. 
PB Balaji 
Thanks, Richard. Coming from Chirag, I think the one on VME you already answered so I will skip that. 
Order book we have covered. So Girish, this is yours. How do you look at the tonnage growth versus 
volume growth in M&HCV in FY 2025 as compared to FY 2024? 
 
Girish Wagh 
Okay, let me take HCVs and MCVs separately. As far as heavy commercial vehicles are concerned, I think 
the transition to higher tonnage multi-axle vehicles which is the 48-ton and then beyond that to the 55-
ton tractor to a large extent has happened. And now most of the demand, which is amenable to these 
kind of vehicles, that is 48-ton and 55-ton has already happened this year, the other tonnage vehicles 
which are sold currently are meant for speciﬁc applications and they need to be in that tonnage node. 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Therefore, I think in my view the migration to a higher tonnage node has happened to a large extent. As 
far as volume projection is concerned for FY 25, as I mentioned, I think we will see some slowdown in Q1 
and probably H1, a pause. But after I think the new government comes in place and the investments and 
infrastructure capex starts again, I think we will see the next year H2 or Q2 onwards we will see a YoY 
growth again. Balaji? 
PB Balaji 
Yeah. Girish, the next one again with you. This is on small commercial vehicles from Amyn Pirani. Your 
India SCV market share has been impacted by weakness in the category of less than 2 tons. However, in 
the categories which are doing well, your market share remains quite low. Are there any product 
interventions that we can expect here? 
Girish Wagh 
Right. So let me answer it on two fronts. First of all, I think your assessment of the situation there is right. 
See ﬁrst of all, in SCV pickup, as we have done in other businesses, we are focusing on improving our 
ﬁnancials and unit economics very aggressively and I think I am happy that we have actually made a very 
good progress. It is a transformation that we are on to and we are committed to it. 
Now, coming to the volumes. Yes, the small vehicles has two categories, the SCVs and the pickups. And as 
you rightly put up, I think the SCVs are facing a challenge because the overall segment is declining. The 
main reason for this is with BS6 Phase 1 and BS6 Phase 2, there has been a signiﬁcant increase in the prices 
of the vehicles. And as we have seen globally, in both cars as well as commercial vehicles, I think with such 
kind of an increase, the smallest segment actually starts facing pressure. I think to address this, what we 
have done is, we have actually launched the ACE in gasoline variant, which actually comes at BS4 prices 
and BS4 total cost of ownership. So it is a completely new value proposition and we see a continuously 
increasing traction for this. So we are trying to build good traction for this product, improving the 
consideration amongst the customers, because it is gasoline and gasoline is seen as not suitable for 
commercial application. So this is the ﬁrst thing. Second thing, we are also facing a lot of ﬁnancing 
challenges for the smallest commercial vehicles, post COVID especially. And the ﬁrst time users are ﬁnding 
it diﬃcult to get higher loan-to-value ratios. Therefore, the down payment requirements are higher. And 
while we do get very good leads, I think the conversion rates are currently low. So we are working with 
the financiers to improve the availability of ﬁnancing here. And third, of course, as Balaji mentioned, I 
think with Tata Motor Finance coming back on track and being very healthy, I think we are working with 
them to see how we can start helping the ﬁrst-time users once again. So these are the things that we are 
doing in small commercial vehicles to increase its salience once again. 
Coming to pickups, I think your question is whether any product intervention is going to happen here. So 
in pickups, we believe that we actually have a very good product portfolio. In the intra-family, we have a 
very strong platform which has vehicles with all powertrains, whether it is petrol, diesel, CNG. And I think 
the focus that we have here is now to improve the awareness and be in the consideration set. See, in the 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
SCV and pickup category, we've always seen that there is a lot of brand loyalty because when customers 
buy this vehicle, it is a signiﬁcant purchase for them and their earning actually depends on this. So 
generally they tend to depend on a vehicle which has been there in the market for quite some time, and 
therefore, any new vehicle takes time to get established. So our focus here has been to improve 
awareness and be in the consideration set and start creating a brand pull. Towards this, we are also 
working on inﬂuencer ecosystem to ensure that they talk positive about these products and also on 
making network eﬀective and proﬁtable for this particular type of business. So we are also, therefore, 
creating a separate network from the heavy commercial vehicle business. So I think these are the actions 
that we are taking on the small commercial vehicle and the pickup business, Balaji. 
PB Balaji 
So, just to hold it with you for a minute, I think if I look at Gunjan's questions, most of it we have answered. 
There's one on in small commercial vehicle, is there any impact of electric three-wheelers on your SCV 
portfolio? 
Girish Wagh 
So if you look at the electric three-wheelers, bulk of those are actually getting sold in the passenger 
application. The salience of the goods electric three-vehicles is pretty low. But initially, yes, I think the 
customers were comparing this with ACE EV. And gradually, what I think there has been a realization that 
ACE EV is actually far better on performance, far better on reliability, and therefore far better on 
proﬁtability. And I think, we had an issue about ﬁnancing, again, in ACE EV and what should be the end-
of-life value that should be considered. So I think here we have worked with the ﬁnanciers, we have come 
up with the ﬁrst in the industry, seven-year battery warranty, which has helped to actually give very 
attractive ﬁnancing schemes, as a result of which we see very good traction for ACE EV. So in a nutshell, I 
think electric three-wheelers, for some time, goods carrier did show some impact on this, but not to such 
an extent. Now, I think the customers are coming back to the ICE portfolio or otherwise the ACE EV. Balaji? 
PB Balaji 
Yeah. Thanks, Girish. Shailesh, coming your way. When is Curvv commercial launch planned? One. And if 
you can comment, if possible, on other product launches that you're planning this year? And how's the 
Punch.ev - How has it picked up and how's the order intake there? I think ACE EV, you already answered.  
Shailesh Chandra 
So if we talk about the full calendar year 2024, so this calendar year will see three electric vehicle launches, 
one Punch EV, which happened already in Jan. And I will talk about the order intake of Punch EV at last. 
The second would be Curvv, which will come in second quarter of the ﬁnancial year 2025. And the third 
would be Harrier EV. The ICE Curvv would get launched, say, three to four months after the launch of the 
EV version. So that's what has been planned for the calendar year 2024. As far as Punch is concerned, you 
know, this was our ﬁrst product on the Pure EV architecture, which is “acti.ev”. Solid product, under 15 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
lakh, giving 400 kilometer range was expected to create lot of demand for us and that is what we are 
seeing. Very strong demand and bookings that we have received for the product, and we are ramping up 
our capacity also. Can't share the numbers because we have not been sharing booking numbers for the 
simple reason that that should not create any kind of concern for the customers in terms of their waiting 
period and all. So the idea is that we take into account the bookings that have come and ramp up the 
production as fast as possible. 
PB Balaji 
Yeah. Thank you. And moving to Richard, this is probably coming your way. Proportion of buyers who 
bought Jaguar and Land Rover for the ﬁrst time and how many already own a Jaguar or LR, has there been 
any changes to these numbers from 2019? Would you track this? 
Richard Molyneux 
I don't have that information in front of me. I am not aware of any material change in our mix of buyers 
between loyal and conquest. 
PB Balaji 
Okay, thank you. The other one coming your way, Girish. I think you touched upon a little bit, maybe 
worthwhile given a number of questions that have come. With the payment security mechanism now 
there in place for EV buses, would you be participating more aggressively, are there any discussion with 
the government, probably buses that are being made locally, those kind of things? 
 Girish Wagh 
Yeah. So I think two things here. First is I think we have been the OEM which started deploying the buses 
after winning the ﬁrst tender of CESL, which we had built very aggressively with an objective of making 
the government's intention successful of electriﬁcation. And you know, as I explained, we have actually 
good amount of experience under our belt now, which gives us very good data to decide what we should 
be quoting. Now, coming to payment security mechanism, actually, we must appreciate the openness of 
the government to listen to the industry and accept this requirement. So this payment security mechanism 
is more or less agreed upon. I think there are a few things that are remaining which need to be sorted out 
which will ensure that our balance sheet remains lighter and which will help us to get into this business 
very, very aggressively. So I think good experience under the belt, product range ready. The scheme is 
becoming what we need. Just a last mile thing that needs to be addressed, and we'll be there. 
PB Balaji 
So one more coming your way, Shailesh. Punch EV, Nexon EV, do you see an overlap and is there any 
cannibalization risk that you see? 
 

 
                                                                                                       Tata Motors Limited  
February 2, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Shailesh Chandra 
You know, there's always some cannibalization risks in adjacent segments and that is okay for us. But 
these are two very distinct segments at very distinct price points. If you compare a 450-kilometer Nexon 
that is costing around Rs. 18 lakh to Rs. 19 lakhs as a weighted average price, whereas Punch is with the 
similar kind of ranges, being priced between Rs. 13 lakh to Rs. 15 lakh, so there's very less chance of 
cannibalization, a very diﬀerent customer segment as far as EV is concerned. So I don't see a big risk of 
cannibalization and that's what we have been observing in January also post the launch. 
PB Balaji 
Yeah. Thank you. Thanks, Shailesh. I think with this, we have come to the end of the questions. I think we 
have covered most of the questions that people are very keen to understand. So if there's anything that's 
still left, feel free to contact our Investor Relations team, we will be more than happy to respond to you. 
With this, I would like to draw this results call to a close. Thanks all for your time and patience in going 
through the results. Look forward to catching up with you. Thank you. Bye-bye and thanks, guys who are 
on the call. Thanks. 
 
