KDDL Limited 
Kamla Centre, SCO 88-89, Sector 8-C, Chandigarh - 160 009, INDIA. Tel: +91 172 2548223/24, 2544378/79 
Fax: +91 172 2548302, Website:www.kddl.com ; CIN-L33302HP1981PLC008123 
Ref: KDDL/CS/2024-25/17 
  Date: 21st May, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Trading Symbol  : KDDL 
Scrip Code : 532054 
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Conference call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith transcript of conference call held on Wednesday, 
15th May, 2024 at 10:30 a.m. to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for Q4 & FY24.  
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly  
For KDDL Limited  
Brahm Prakash Kumar 
Company Secretary  
Brahm Prakash 
Kumar
Digitally signed by 
Brahm Prakash Kumar 
Date: 2024.05.21 
23:37:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“KDDL Limited 
Q4 FY‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and the Company website on 15th May 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YASHOVARDHAN SABOO -- CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR MASOWN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
SGA -- INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 
 
 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KDDL Limited Q4 and FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinion and expectation of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo, Chairman and Managing Director 
from KDDL Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the KDDL Limited 
Quarter 4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. I hope everyone has had a chance to review our 
financial results and the investor presentation recently posted on the company's website and the 
stock exchanges. I am accompanied by our CFO and Executive Director, Mr. Sanjeev Kumar 
Masown; and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. 
I will start with a short introduction to the diverse businesses that KDDL encompasses. KDDL, 
it shows originally Kamla Dials and Device Limited, founded in 1981 and headquartered in 
Chandigarh is a leading manufacturer of components of global watch brands and of high-quality 
precision stamped components on marquee international clients in the electronics, energy, 
aerospace and automotive and electrical vehicle segments. KDDL's well-known subsidiary 
Ethos is India's largest and fastest-growing retailer of luxury watches and other luxury 
accessories. 
In discussing our segment-wide performance, we start with the Engineering segment. And within 
that, with the watch component segment, includes Dial, Hands, Indexes and Bracelets. Revenue 
from the Watch Components segment grew by 10% from INR224 crores in FY '23 to INR247 
crores in FY '24. The growth would have been higher, but we are witnessing a slowing down in 
the last quarter on the back of a market correction and watch sales in important markets like 
China, Europe and Middle East. 
The geopolitical strains in Europe and Middle East, the uncertainty in USA and sluggish Chinese 
demand predict a subdued consumer sentiment for all discretionary products, including watches 
over the next few months in these important global markets. Our export business in watch 
components is sealing this impact too. 
On the other hand, we are pleased to inform you that we have inaugurated our new plant in 
Bangalore, which manufactures high-quality steel bracelets for watches. This is India's first steel 
bracelet factory, which is set up to serve international Swiss customers. This plant will only 
serve the mid and high-end Swiss and European watch markets. We have spent approximately 
INR35 crores to establish this plant with a capacity of 75,000 in bracelets per year. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The trial  production and supplies have been made and received very well and commercial 
production will start very soon. The additional revenue from the bracelet division will 
compensate the slowdown in the export market for both other watch components, as mentioned 
already. 
The Precision Engineering segment, also known as Eigen Engineering, has shown stellar results 
and will continue to grow in a very, very ambitious and a very exciting fashion. Revenue for FY 
'24 stood at INR95 crores, up 25% from INR75 crores in the previous year. The revenue growth 
is attributable to the higher share of exports, which is more than 70% of the total revenue. 
All business segments in our precision engineering business are witnessing good growth and the 
order position is strong. We continue to get inquiries and new RFQs of very encouraging 
dimensions for further expansion in the business. We will continue to focus on the export market, 
primarily for Eigen. 
Our ornamental packaging segment, which caters mainly to the domestic market, has also 
witnessed a strong improvement in demand. Revenue in FY '24 improved by 18% to INR15 
crores from Rs 12.7 cr in FY '23. We continue seeking high-value premium quality customers 
in domestic and export markets. For this segment, we are establishing a new facility near 
Chandigarh with a capacity of 1 million boxes at an estimated cost of INR8 crores. 
With this new facility and the opening up of some new market segments that we are working on, 
we believe that the Packaging segment will continue to show very handsome growth and develop 
into a INR80 crores to INR100 crores business over the next 5 to 7 years. 
Estima AG, this is our watch hands and dials factory in Switzerland. We are happy to announce 
that Mr. Michel Pauli, a very experienced technology and business leader has joined as the new 
Managing Director of Estima. In addition, we have made several changes in the operating and 
leadership team at Estima. 
Revenue growth during the last year has been good and the loss has decreased, but we are still 
not profitable. With the many steps already initiated and in progress for improved capacity 
utilization and improved technical capabilities, we are confident that we will achieve 
profitability soon. But, because of the unexpected slowing down in the Swiss watch business, 
this turnaround will probably be delayed by about a year. 
Silvercity brands our Swiss subsidiary, it became a subsidiary of KDDL earlier this year. Its 
equity capital was increased from CHF 2.1 million to CHF 6 million. This company will be 
primarily engaged in the design, development, assembly and marketing of watches. 
You know that the company has already acquired the iconic Favre Leuba, Swiss made watch 
brand and plans to launch the revamped watches with completely new collections during this 
year. The launch will be a global launch. 
Recently, KDDL sold a stake in Ethos Limited. We received approximately INR193 crores from 
this stake sale, which includes about INR122 crores from the direct stake sale and INR72 crores 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
as dividend income from Mahen Distribution Limited, which also sold some shares of Ethos as 
well. This cash will be used to reward shareholders and expand and grow the company. We 
expect our company to grow and continue to grow strongly as economic conditions improve and 
the consumption rises. 
I will now invite our CFO, Mr. Sanjeev Masown, an Executive Director, to take you through the 
company's financial performance. Sanjeev? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Thank you, Mr. Saboo. Good morning, everyone. Initially, I'll take you through the stand-alone 
financial performance of the company for the quarter 4. During this quarter, the total income 
rose by 2% to INR89 crores from INR87 crores, which were reported  in the similar quarter last 
year. EBITDA for the quarter is 30.4% and value is INR27.1 crores as compared to INR22.9 
crores reported in the previous year. EBITDA for the quarter improved by 4.3% on a year-on-
year basis. 
Profit before tax, before exceptional items during the quarter is up by 27% on a year-on-year 
basis to INR21.6 crores. Now as we look into the full year financial performance, the total 
income is up by 15% to INR360 crores from INR314 crores reported in the previous year. 
EBITDA grew by 29% year-on-year to INR102 crores in FY '24 and the EBITDA margin stood 
at 28.5%. Profit before tax before the exceptional items during the year for the FY '24 stood at 
INR79.8 crores compared to INR58.5 crores in the previous year and witnessing a growth of 
36%. 
Profit after tax, after considering stake sale, the shares of the Ethos was sold by the company as 
well as some exceptional impairment loss for the financial year '24, the PAT was INR220 crores 
as compared to INR69 crores in FY '23. 
Moving to the consolidated performance of the company. During quarter 4, the total income was 
up by 16%, going up to  INR357 crores from  INR307 crores in the previous year. EBITDA for 
the quarter grew by almost 42% year-on-year to INR70 crores in quarter 4 FY '24. For the 
quarterly EBITDA stood at 19.6%. These EBITDA numbers are with the Ind AS impact. And 
the PAT for the quarter, stood at INR34.8 crores as compared to INR21.7 crores reported in the 
previous year, witnessing a season growth of 64%. 
Now I move to the full year FY '24 financial performance at a consolidated level. The total 
income of the company is higher by 25% and recorded revenue of INR1,420 crores compared 
to INR1,139 crores in FY '23. EBITDA for the year grew by 53% year-on-year to INR270 crores 
and EBITDA margin stood at 19.5%. PAT for FY '24 was INR137 crores compared to INR77 
crores in FY '23, recording a growth of 79% year-on-year. 
During the year, KDDL manufacturing units spent almost INR39 crores on the capital 
expenditure. This excludes the capital expenditure by Ethos for the growth of the business. And 
during the current running year, the KDDL expects capex of around INR45 crores for all our 
businesses. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
During the year, in the last Board meeting yesterday, the KDDL has announced a final dividend 
of INR4 per equity share. This is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the Annual 
General Meeting. And this is in addition to the interim dividend of INR58 per share paid in 
January '24. 
Post this dividend, we have an investable surplus of around INR100 crores, which is planned to 
be utilized for the growth and development of the company, including finding ways to reward 
shareholders. 
With this, I opened the floor for question and answer, and I request all the participants to restrict 
the questions mainly to the KDDL manufacturing business. Thank you very much. Now the 
floor is open. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rohit from SK Securities. 
Rohit: 
I have a couple of questions and especially congratulate on a good set of numbers. Sir my first 
question is, you have recently started in the bracelet division. Can you please throw some light 
on this division and how we will move ahead and also this is regulated by  Swiss Regulations? 
Rohit: 
My second question is apart from bracelet, what else can be considered as a new segment. So 
what are our endeavours for other new segments, if there are any? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So where bracelet refers to the what is sometimes called as the metal band. There are various 
types of metal bands of the highest quality, which is what we are making. These are made from 
solid steel and the steel blocks are machined out of the profiled rod. And then they are polished. 
It's a very highly specialized nickel-free steel, which is used. And the bracelets that we are 
manufacturing now in our bracelet division are trained for high- to very high-quality brands in 
Switzerland. 
100% of the production will be exported. We have a capacity of 75,000 bracelets per year. It 
will take some time to reach this production level and sales because there are two reasons for 
that. A, a very high level of skill is involved in the final finishing of the bracelets, which takes 
time to acquire. And second, every design of a bracelet requires a large number of tools and jigs 
to be prepared. So, there's a learning curve involved in setting up this bracelet, and it's coming 
to produce 75,000 
This also means that it's a business is a very large more. As I mentioned in my speech, it's the 
first time that steel bracelet factory is being set up in India for the Swiss market, and we certainly 
expect it to be very, very successful. More so for Swiss brands the largest production and 
purchase is from China. And this structure is one of the consequences of the wish of many brands 
to establish a production base outside China, there is the so-called China Plus One policy. And 
we have obviously benefited from this and will continue to have more business coming our way. 
Regarding your second question about what else can we do, there are a whole bunch of 
components in the watch field, which we could produce in the future. The watch case is a very 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
obvious one. Watch case is the housing of the case that contains the movement and the watch. 
Again, for the export quality -- at high quality levels, there's no manufacturer in India. Most of 
the manufacturers are either in Switzerland or China and a few in Thailand. So I think there is 
also a pretty significant scope in the watch case business. 
And then there are other smaller components, which could be movement parts or case parts, like 
the glass on the top and the crown on the side. So there is a large scope for watch component 
manufacturing in India. And as brands want to shift a bit of their dependence away from China, 
there will be a large scope for expansion of this. 
Rohit: 
Understood. So the China Plus One strategy will play out well. Okay. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashay Jain from Jain Caiptal. Please go ahead. 
Ashay Jain: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. So a couple of questions from my side. So firstly, just wanted some 
color on the Eigen division recent update. So where are we on the order book? Any particular 
amount of orders in pipeline? And what is the plan for expansion in this segment? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Any other questions? 
Ashay Jain: 
Yes. So second question would be what would be the current capacity utilization of dials and 
hands segment and any expansion on that front as well? Yes, that would be all from me. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. So let me answer the Eigen question first. As I mentioned in my speech, the Eigen order 
book is very strong. We have diverse clients, market segments, especially in the export or 
deemed export segment. And the order book for existing products as well as new products. And 
RFQs for new products is strong and we expect to continue to grow in a similar fashion as we 
grew last year, as you know, we grew by about 25%. And we believe that it should be possible 
to maintain this kind of growth  in the 20% to 25% range on a CAGR basis for several years to 
come. 
So we have a strong order position. And of course, we will need to expand capacity to serve this. 
This year already, there is a planned expansion of space. This is planned in the same premises 
we already have, but we will be expanding the factory space with new construction and 
machines. And this expansion program is actually we have planned something over the next 
couple of years because it will have to be a continuous expansion as the demand increases. We 
foresee demand in the Precision stamp segments to grow pretty steadily both in the export and 
in the deemed export segments in India. 
As far as the dials and hands are concerned, it's a little difficult to give a clear figure of a capacity 
over here because a lot depends on the type of dials and hands that we're talking about. There is 
a huge diversity in the type of hand. The hand can go from a price which could be as low as 
INR50 to INR60 for a dial up to as high as INR5,000 per dial or even higher in some cases. 
Depending on the complexity, and quality level,  the quantities of dials produced gets 
determined. So in this situation, it's difficult to give you a plain number of the capacity. However, 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
I can say that for the highest quality levels, we operate at close to full capacity. In fact, in the 
previous year because in the beginning, it was higher. There has been a slowing down now. So 
some  spare capacity is emerging. 
There is no expansion planned as such, but modernization and the inclusion of some new 
technologies are definitely planned. New technologies will include technologies involving 
lasers, including new methods of surface treatment, so that we remain ahead of the curve. We 
remain at the cutting edge of technology and design in dials and hands. That is the ambition. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Agrawal from Surge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Sir, KDDL has recently bought a majority of stake in Silvercity Brands, wherein it has said that 
KDDL will bring the manufacturing excellence for the Favre-Leuba. So I wanted to understand, 
would we be looking to set up a separate manufacturing infrastructure for the Favre-Leuba under 
Silvercity or KDDL will be using it to use manufacturing infrastructure of say components in 
India and the setup that we have in Switzerland and then would be giving it to Silvercity? And 
the capex that you have guided about to INR45 crores for the coming year, does that include the 
capex that we require for this brand? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Ankush, that's a very good question. But if you have any other questions, can you please ask 
that... 
Ankush Agarwal: 
No. That's the only question that I have. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So Silvercity Brands is where the development, manufacture and launch and spread of our Favre-
Leuba brand is planned. Silvercity Brands is a Swiss company. It has a Swiss management under 
the Chairmanship of Patrick Hoffman  veteran and a very, very experienced player. We are very 
fortunate to have him. 
It is the goal of KDDL to be involved in the manufacture of watches. And most of it, but not all 
of it will happen in Switzerland because Favre-Leuba as a brand is a Swiss-made brand and we 
will do our absolute utmost. There's no question that we will get away from the -- yes, get away 
from the Swiss-made heritage and lineage of this brand. 
Manufacturing itself is a complex process that will take several stages. At the initial stage, dials, 
hands and some other components are already for the launch have been supplied by us. These 
are partly done in India, partly in Switzerland. As And as we go along, we add more components, 
and eventually, the final assembly of the watch will be done in Switzerland. It has to be done in 
Switzerland for Swiss watches and the movement has to be produced in Switzerland. 
Eventually, the goal is to take up all or most of the manufacturing under SCB, Silvercity Brands. 
And capex will be required for it. This current increase in the capital of Silvercity Brands is 
essentially for the requirements of working capital and to be able to launch the brand globally, 
which is scheduled to be done in the last quarter of this year. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Ankush Agarwal: 
So just to get the understanding right, to start with, KDDL will support Silvercity in terms of the 
component and manufacturing. But increasingly Silvercity itself would look to create its own 
manufacturing component and assembly infrastructure is what is the right understanding, right? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
The assembly and finishing of the watch will certainly be done in Switzerland. Now whether it 
will be done within SCB or it will be done with the collaboration of SCB, those are many, many 
formats that are open. 
 
To what extent will our manufacturing factory in Switzerland ESTIMA be involved? These are 
all things that are open with the structure that has been created. 
 
What we do know is -- or increasingly, the manufacturing will be in Switzerland, and it will 
remain a Swiss made watch. But we can't determine right now that which watch will be produced 
in SCB, which  part will be produced in ESTIMA or this part will be produced -- there could be 
the possibility of a joint venture. Technicall--, we are not close to the idea of entering into a joint 
venture with a Swiss company that has the know-how for that traditional part. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajaykumar Surya from Niveshaay. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajaykumar Surya: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is, sir, on the EIGEN side. Sir, in 
the end industry side, which are the end industries which, I mean, eagerly focusing lane as in the 
aerospace and auto side? And can you shed some more light on what the focus area will be going 
forward? And we have already reached and in the previous con calls during 2018 and in times, 
we did mention that we want to scale it up to a INR500 crores kind of number and reached 
around INR100 crores this year. So what is the pathway we are taking to reach this in the 
guidance of the past? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Right. Ajay, do you have any other questions? 
Ajaykumar Surya: 
Sir, also one bookkeeping's side question, sir, we have made an impairment loss in Kamla 
international holding andPylania SA. So sir, we just wanted a clarification on that. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Sure. Let me answer the EIGEN question and then I will let Sanjeev, our CFO, answer the 
question regarding the impairment loss. So EIGEN is our segments for the precision stamping 
company we make: electronics, aerospace, alternative energy and electrical vehicles. These are 
the segments that comprise 80% of our business that are growing fast and we will continue to 
focus on these businesses. 
 
We believe that segments like alternative energy and electrical vehicles will grow the fastest 
within these businesses. And therefore, obviously, they are always focused. We also believe that 
aerospace is summary that's going to take off after a gap. We expected Aerospace to take off in 
the last 7, 8 quarters. It has not taken off, but we believe the time is coming now. So we are 
anticipating high growth over there as well. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Our specialization in EIGEN is to produce tools and stamp parts  with very high precision. 
Together with other value additions on to that, which could be machining, which could be 
overmoulding, inside interior molding , electro plating  surface finishing of a high technical 
specification. And these are all skills and technologies that are either already part of the business 
or we are now moving to expand technical capabilities to improve some of these adjacent 
technologies within our capability. 
 
So with these, we will continue to strengthen our capabilities in our core segment, which is high 
precision toolings and stampings for the businesses that I mentioned. You're right, we have had 
a turnover of about INR100 crores, and our ambition remains. And it's not only an ambition, we 
see a very clear runway and a path to grow to a INR500 crores business over the next couple of 
years. 
 
And frankly, the potential is quite large. And to grow from INR500 crores to a still larger size, 
I think, is very much possible. But as we continue to grow, we will see further horizons, and we 
would see a clear growth path. For now from INR100 crores to INR500 crores is a very clear 
trend going forward. 
Ajaykumar Surya: 
Sir, just a follow-up on this. Sir, we have received one global order from an automobile 
company. So are we currently also supplying? Or are we seeing any slowdown in that order? Or 
we have that order size increased. If you can throw some light on that? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I think the order book at EIGEN is very strong and we are not seeing any slowdown there. 
Ajaykumar Surya: 
Can you put in any number like what is the current order size? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I don't think for competitive reasons, we don't want to give current order sizes and so on. Our 
order book is strong, and we are not seeing any signs of the slowdown there. Sanjeev, would 
you like to answer the question about impairment? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Ajay, regarding your question of the impairment, I think if you would have seen our financials, 
the impairment is mainly on account of the ESTIMA where the KDDL holds the indirect holding 
through the Kamla International Holdings Ltd  as well as Pylania SA Due to continuous losses 
in Estima, we have made a provision by impairing the value of investment in these entities  in 
our financials. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, now turning on, one is -- first is on the precision manufacturing, what do you say it on the 
bracelet side. Say, here I mean, a key thing will be the -- yield will be because when you are I 
mean, doing machining on the hard road, I mean, or solid road and preparing the bracelet or any 
other kind of increases and manufacturing on the -- so yield is very, very important for the 
sustainability of the profitable make it more profitable. Is that a fair understanding? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I don't know where your question is, but yield is important in every business. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Bharat Sheth: 
No. I do understand, sir. What I understand that from the -- when you carve out, I mean your 
bracelet or anything from the solid road, so normally yield is 10% to 20% and for which we need 
a specialized, I mean, in-house designing on the tool fixture and everything to improve. So what 
is our capability that we have developed when we are talking of going on a various segment 
Rather than focusing on taking our core to one and expand like either aerospace or EV. So I 
wanted to get some sense on the whole business perspective. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Do you have any other question, Bharat? 
Bharat Sheth: 
Then I will come back, please, sir. If I can understand this. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So I don't know. I mean this requires a very, very long discussion and my suggestion is that from 
time to time we organize visits to our factories. It's difficult to explain this in terms of the 
manufacturing strategy. These are different businesses. So bracelet is a watch component 
business using steel. Dials and hands enhanced as a watch component business using brass. The 
technologies are different. 
Eigen is a stamping business using different metals. So it's not easy to compare these. Regarding 
the bracelet, yes, we are using solid material and the links are created by machining. Yield is 
very important. And, therefore, the designing of jigs, fixtures is very, very important.  
We are serving a global -- a collection of global brands who buy from all over the world 
including Switzerland, China, Thailand, and Germany we are competing with them. So that's 
not possible to compete unless we have all the requisite skills of designing of manufacturing and 
the requisite technology. 
Bharat Sheth: 
But my question is, when are we in these different fields? So how we are developing this 
technology in-house, R&D, fixture, engineering capability. Can you give how many R&D 
engineers we have and how they will take up for the aerospace? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Bharat, even if I gave you a number, how will that help you. I think we have to judge the business 
by the results, and we compete with global companies. These are different businesses and they 
have different teams. There are different teams are capable, they are competent. That's why we 
are able to compete internationally.  
So more than 70% of our business is export to marquee clients. So obviously, we have the 
necessary skills and capabilities and which are developed and that is good governance and 
management. That's all I can say. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Fair sir. If you can run through that we want to take it. I mean our INR100 crores precision 
manufacturing business to INR500 crores yield in the next 2 years, 3 years' time. So how do we 
see that whole pie, which segment will contribute how much and if you can give some color on 
road map on that? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Bharat, as I already said, we have a road map to go to INR100 crores to INR500 crores. It's not 
going to happen in 2 years to 3 years. It will take longer. These businesses with the customers 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
we have in the B2B businesses. We need to build relationships with the customers. They start 
with products gradually it builds up. 
So the time line is not 2 years to 3 years it will be longer. I have said that we believe that a 
growth of 20% to 25% CAGR is possible, and the road map for that is very clear. It's difficult at 
this time to say exactly which segment I have told you that the segments of alternate energy, 
electrical vehicles, aerospace these are the priority sectors and we believe these will grow faster 
than the others. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from Ambika Fincorp. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Thank you, and congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, I have three, four questions. 
One -- should I tell you all the questions in one go? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Yes, that's better, Dhruv. 
Dhruv Shah: 
So one is the opportunity you see in Silvercity and what kind of margins -- manufacturing 
margins can we do because on Ethos call Pranav mentioned that they are going to call for around 
1,800 to 2,000 watches of Favre Leuba this year. So I'm just assuming that he mentioned that he 
would be selling it- selling the watch for around INR2 lakh in India. So what kind of 
manufacturing margins are we looking in that brand? That's question number one. 
Second question is the kind of margins we did this year. Is it sustainable? And if you can just 
give us what kind of margins you do in precision engineering? That's the question number two. 
My third question is on your capex this year and next year because we have sold some stake in 
Ethos and we have a good amount of cash on our balance sheet. And my fourth question is are 
we planning to sell any further stake in Ethos? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Let me go quickly through. So Silvercity, again, we are not directly involved in the management 
of the Silvercity. I just want to make that very clear. Silvercity is a Swiss company which has 
right now has 100% Swiss employees and they determine the strategy. We are involved in the 
strategy and know it will be a profitable business, but establishing a brand is a long haul. 
Establishing a brand globally requires a lot of effort, lot of connections. 
And I believe the margins in the business are similar to the margin enjoyed by Swiss watch 
businesses all over. It's easy to see that. We can check the publicly released results of groups 
like LVMH, Richemont Group, or Swatch Group, and you can see the kind of margins in the 
watch business for a successful global brand.  
It's going to be a profitable business, but if you want to establish a global business, it's not going 
to happen overnight. It's going to be a 3 year to 5 year period to establish a brand globally and 
then to grow the brand, but I believe the margins are going to be nice what we hear. Once the 
brand is established we can't expect the same margin for the first 2,000 watches as will happen 
for the next 5,000 or 10,000. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Secondly, again, the roles are very clear. Ethos is involved in the selling of the watches in India. 
KDDL as a company, is involved to support Silvercity and manufacturing with our connections 
with our expertise in components which is a very important part of developing any watch. And 
of course, with our ability to take up further manufacturing whether at a stream or any other 
place for supporting the Silvercity. 
Your second question was regarding margins, overall, is it sustainable or not? We believe the 
margins are sustainable. This year as I mentioned we will witness a slowdown in the watch 
component segment due to the global situation there. And you also asked the comparison of 
margins in watch component and other components, precision engineering components. 
The margins in precision engineering components are also very good, but lower than the watch 
component for the moment. For the time being that is the case. So we may have a slight decrease 
in overall margin because the shift of the -- the precision engineering business will grow faster 
than the watch components business in this year.  
And therefore the fact that it has a slightly lower margin will impact the mix weighted average 
margin over there, but I think it will still remain a very good weighted average margin. The third 
point was regarding cash on the balance sheet, yes, we do have cash on the balance sheet. There 
are capex plans both in Eigen and modernization, new projects are on the anvil.  
But we've also used cash that we got from Mahen  to reward shareholders, and that is also 
planned for the cash that is on the books. These discussions are ongoing right now, and we want 
to make sure that it's a judicious combination of rewarding shareholders and having enough 
money to invest in the future. 
 
And your last question was about the Ethos stake sale. KDDL and my input together, we 
currently have about 54% of Ethos. It is our articulated thing that our position that KDDL will 
continue to maintain a majority stake in Ethos, there is no question. 
 
Whether there will be some more stake sale, we cannot say right now. But we will continue to 
maintain majority. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj from DAMAC Capital. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I had two sets of questions. 
 
You know, like you laid out your ambitions around the precision engineering segment and you 
see a clear path over the next, you know, maybe 5-6 years to like INR500 crores. I had a question 
that we are already at a very small base of INR100 crores. Our balance sheet, you know, there 
is ample scope. We can lever the balance sheet as well. Like 20%-25% is still a very healthy 
number. But can we aspire to grow at a higher pace, given that we are currently at a much smaller 
base?  
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. What else, Neeraj? 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Neeraj: 
Yes. And the second question was around, again, margins. So, as you outlined that, you know, 
we plan to grow 20%-25% on the precision engineering side. And I understand our watch 
components business might grow slower over the next few years. So, do you see the blended 
margin coming down over the next - I am not asking about next financial year, but over the 
course of 2-3-4 years as the precision engineering business gains more scale? $do we see our 
blended margins to, you know, taper down a bit over the course of 3-4-5 years? Those were my 
questions. Thank you so much. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Neeraj, excellent questions, both of them. You know, growth, I think we have the financial 
muscle and the foundations to grow faster. But the problem, not the problem, the reality of the 
precision business is that it is not that you install a couple of machines and switch on the machine 
and increase the speed of production. 
 
It is not like a continuous process. There are several steps that are required. First of all, there is 
no such thing as a standard product. Every new product requires a development and a research 
cycle. Secondly, every new customer that we get comes with new products, which require a lot 
of understanding with the customer, relationship building with the customer. Let us say I get a 
new global customer. 
 
That customer is not going to start with an order of INR100 crores. He will start with an order 
of INR5 crores. Then after that INR5 crores is developed and supplied, the next order may be 
INR7 crores, INR8 crores. Each order for the product to be developed will take 6, 7, 8 months. 
So, the learning curve during the take-off period is a slow period, and then it grows 
incrementally. So it requires a lot of care and attention. 
 
We believe that the growth rate at 25% CAGR is, is a scorching hot plate. You have to see it in 
the context of, you know, you have to project it over 10 years to see what it means. And I don't 
have to tell everyone; every financial expert knows the power of this compounded growth. 
 
The important point is that because growing this business requires such a dedicated take-off 
period, it also builds a very strong moat. So once we have established ourselves with a customer, 
it is very difficult for someone else to break in. So therefore, our goal is not just to increase and 
throw money at the problem; instead of investing INR50 crores, let's go and invest INR100 
crores and we will grow at 50% instead of 25%. 
 
We have a realistic view on what is a, what is a capable growth. We don't want to grow for the 
sake of growth. We want to grow in the segments which we are growing, in the segments where 
we have the strength, high quality, high value, high marquee clientele. This is what will ensure 
our growth, longevity, prosperity, and value over the next 25 years. Prime Minister Modi spoke 
about a vision for the country in 2047. We are developing our vision for KDDL in 2047. 
 
What are we going to look at? And we believe it's an extremely exciting thing. So to answer 
your question -- sorry, I got a little bit diverted. Yes, we would love to grow faster. And when 
the opportunity comes, we will grow faster. But to say that we will target a 30% or 40% rate of 
growth, that is not KDDL. 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
We target excellence. We target quality. And as a result of that quality, we get growth. We don't 
target growth first. We target the excellence and quality. We believe that if we are excellent in 
what we do and clear about what we want to do, growth will come automatically. I don't know, 
if that answers your question. 
 
I know it's about the question on blended margin. I think it's an excellent question. Margins also 
changed. Right now, we are seeing that the margin in the engineering business is slightly lower. 
But we also know that when we go to more and more specialized products, in the Engineering 
division. 
 
The more specialize the product, the higher is the margin. That's the fundamental formula? You 
make a mass me too product, you will get a very small margin. You get pennies for the dollar. 
You make specialty project's special materials, special engineering skills is at high margins. 
 
The way we are doing, we believe our margins, in the engineering business should also increase. 
If they will not increase and the engineering business grows faster than the other businesses, we 
have then the blended margin and club down. If -- as we would like, the engineering margins 
will go up, the blended margins will not come down. 
 
However, we believe that the margin  and ROCE,  which we have is  very good ROCE. And any 
ROCE of 25% or more range is an excellent ROCE. So our goal is not to continuously increase 
the margin. Our goal is to maintain a good ROCE to maintain robust investments and achieve 
global excellence. We believe that if we can get these 3 things right, nobody can stop the growth 
of KDDL like nobody can stop the growth of India. 
Neeraj: 
Very well, articulated. This is just one last because can we have this regular quarterly or a six 
monthly call going forward as well? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Neeraj, we've got these requests. In our view, our business does not change quarterly. So with -
- anywhere the quarter the results are out, the analysis is there. So business doesn't change 
quarterly. This strategy is something which changes, could be doesn't even change annually. But 
of course, annually, we must have an update. 
 
But what we are suggesting is for serious analysts and observers of our business and our 
company. We would like to organize at least twice a year, maybe more visits to our factories, 
where we have a full day of discussion analysis after you have seen the factory, you've got a feel 
for what is our business. 
 
It is also important for all financial people to understand the company's DNA, the basic 
capabilities and challenges of our business, and how we are overcoming the business. How we 
have a group of ordinary people delivering extraordinary results. We would like you to see this 
understand this. 
 
And in that context, have a full day of discussion than just on a call like this, so we would like 
to invite you and other serious analysts and observers to our factories. And there, we will have 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
these interaction. And these will be done not only annually but at least 2 or 3 times every year. 
And we hope you will join us. 
Neeraj: 
Thank you so much all the best thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Poddar, who is an Nippon MF. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Poddar: 
I just have 2 questions. One is a bookkeeping question. And the second question is on the 
strategy. The first question is that you called out INR45 crores of capex for the full year -- I 
mean FY'25, is it only for KDDL or it's for the entire consolidated group? That's question 1. And 
the second question is... 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
That's a quick answer, it's only for KDDL. 
Pratik Poddar: 
And just a confirmation on this, sir, when I look at your CWIP, there is a INR34 crores kind of 
CWIP, the bracelets plant or that has already been capitalized? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
That's mainly the bracelets plants. 
Pratik Poddar: 
So INR45 crores is over and above this CWIP amount, right? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
The others are already capitalized. 
Pratik Poddar: 
No, no. The 45 crores you called out is over and above the CWIP we see, right? It's the fresh 
capex. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Yes. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Okay, thank you. And sir, just last question is on China Plus One and supply chain 
reorganization. What kind of discussions are you having with these luxury watch brands? And 
can that be a material tailwind for your growth ambitions over and above the precision 
engineering which has been discussed a lot over the medium term? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Over the medium term, yes, definitely. You know, China Plus One discussion is a very real 
discussion. And it's not something that, it's not like that suddenly there is a rush of people 
coming. In the minds of people, it has changed that we have to find alternatives to China. We 
have to reduce dependence. But the fact is that the Chinese manufacturing infrastructure is 
extremely strong. So it's not easy for everybody to find alternatives. 
 
However, India is emerging as an alternative. KDDL is emerging and has been acclaimed as an 
alternative to China for watch components. So, yes, we see large opportunities in this segment 
in the medium and long term. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Do you have a discussion, sir? Is there a big pipeline for shifting of supply chains which we are 
seeing in other industries? Or are the discussions quite slow given that India's entire ecosystem 
is not yet established? 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
There is a pipeline. There is a discussion going on. We, by nature, we are a little bit cautious. So 
we know that we need to go at a certain pace. We've got two challenges on our hand right now. 
They are not challenges, but two tasks defined for us. One is establishing and fully on boarding 
the Bracelet Project. And the Bracelet Project has enough scope for expansion. I can tell you 
that. We will probably soon be discussing an expansion plan for the Bracelet Project. And, of 
course, turning around Estima, which, as you know, is still not profitable. But it has a huge 
potential ahead. 
 
So, for the moment, I'm saying that, at least for the next 12 to 15 months, we want to focus very 
much on this. That said, I'm saying that there is discussion going on for other projects also. But 
I think that's going to be coming in after 12 to 15 months. 
Pratik Poddar: 
Fantastic, sir. Thank you, so much and best wishes, for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from Philip, Capital, India. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
I think we're seeing good growth coming in a challenging market to some extent. But just pardon 
me in case some questions are repeating because I was not able to hear in between. So, our dial-
in-hand revenue was around INR247 crores for the whole year. Is that right, number? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Dial- and-hands. That was INR247 crores. that's right. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Right. And would it be possible to give a break-up between domestic and export? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I think about 70% to 75% is export. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay, that makes sense. And in case of precision, what was the revenue for this quarter and full 
year? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
For the year, it is INR95 crores. And for the quarter, it is around INR26 crores. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And when we have a target to reach to INR500 crores and since this business typically takes a 
relatively longer time in the initial phase to get it to the customer's wallet share, will that growth 
will be largely kick-start from say 2026, '27 onward or how do we see that will it be like a 
consistent growth at a higher level? and do we need to have a capex for that additional revenue 
target? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Vikram, I don't think there is going to be a kick-start as such. I think it is going to be a steady 
growth. I had mentioned CAGR of 25%. Now, it is not going to be exactly 25% every year. 
Some year maybe 20, some year maybe 30. But I think an average of 25% CAGR is something 
that we would aim for over the next three to five years definitely. That's as far as we can see 
currently. There will be capex required. We need to expand factory space. We need to add some 
new capabilities. As the company keeps growing, I think our internal funds will be more or less 
sufficient for that. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And existing infrastructure would have how much revenue potential? 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Vikram, I would like to answer that. I think in the overall sense, we have to understand first of 
all that we should  not stick to the Rs 500 cr as a number. We have given a directional thing that 
we are targeting for a decent growth and looking for a growth that consistently on a longer 
period, 20% to 25% growth is possible and it will be achieved. 
 
Similarly, as we have shared for the watch component business, the capacity utilization is 
difficult to answer. Similarly, here in EIGEN, if you ask me this capacity can give me what 
revenue, that's not the right way of looking into that. It depends upon the components and the 
type of business I am doing. 
 
A component may be of INR0.2 paisa, a component may be of INR2000. So it depends upon 
the type of business I am trying to focus on and the segment I am trying to focus on. However, 
based on the overall capacity and the modular investments we have to make in the coming years, 
it is possible to witness a growth of 25%. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. So I was just trying to get some sense on possible will the Bangalore be the 
continued place for this precision engineering or we can expand into other location or existing 
facility has surplus land with incremental capex we can go. So I just wanted trying to get sense 
on that front? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
We will continue. We are not in favour of expanding to too many locations. We are happy with 
the infrastructure that has been set up in Bangalore, and we believe that expansion in the 
precision engineering segment will happen in or around it. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay, understood. That was helpful, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Poddar from Invesco Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Manish Poddar: 
Just one question, sir. What is the plan to get into the cases segment just if you could help me 
understand that? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Manish, watch cases is a very important component for a watch, as you know. And again, in 
India, there is no watch case factory specialized in steel cases, which is what is used in the best 
brands globally. So we believe there is a large potential. And now we are getting a sense of 
working with steel to the bracelet project. So I think the building blocks are coming into place. 
And we believe, definitely not in FY '25, but probably in FY '26, we will move towards setting 
up, getting into the watch cases. It is definitely part of our strategy. 
Manish Poddar: 
Okay, fine. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as the last question. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you, everyone. We tried to answer all the questions satisfactorily. I am aware that there 
were a few questions in the questions we were unable to take up. I apologize for that. But please 

 
 
KDDL Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
feel free to write in, and we will try to answer whatever questions remain unanswered. You can 
write to us or to our SGA team or investment relations advisors. Thank you very much, everyone, 
for joining this call. And I wish you a great day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of KDDL Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
