 
 
Date: May 17, 2024 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: SYRMA 
 
Department of Corporate Service 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543573 
 
Subject: Earnings Call transcript of the Investors Conference Call held for results of quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript in respect to the Earning Conference Call on 
the financial and operational performance of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2024, held on Monday, May 13, 2024, at 10:30 hrs (IST).  
 
The transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company at 
https://www.syrmasgs.com/investor-relations . 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
 
 
For Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
 
 
  
    
Komal Malik 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F6430 
Place:  Gurgaon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Komal Malik
Digitally signed by Komal Malik 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7041, 
2.5.4.20=3e8fa6985b3dd66edd2e0bb2ddd1e850ab2f16
ece9d3090638c7bacaf5f96033, postalCode=121001, 
st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=87d2e458e0af9048e1576dba78de477134
ca756644dbf86c6fd01faf7a0b793e, cn=Komal Malik 
Date: 2024.05.17 12:28:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. S. GUJRAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SYRMA 
SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYESH DOSHI – DIRECTOR – SYRMA SGS 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. SATENDRA SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. BIJAY AGRAWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL GUPTA – HEAD,  INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI SWAMINATHAN - AVENDUS SPARK 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Syrma SGS Technology Limited Q4 and 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Avendus Spark. As a reminder, all participants' 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded and I'll hand the conference over to Mr. 
Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
On behalf of Avendus Spark, we welcome you all to Syrma SGS Q4 and full year FY '24 
Results Conference Call. We have with us the senior management of the company. Now I 
hand over the call to Mr. Nikhil Gupta, Head of Investor Relations, to introduce the 
management and take the call forward. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Nikhil. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you, Ravi. Hi, very good morning to all. Welcome to Syrma SGS Q4 and full year FY 
'24 Earnings Call. We have with us today Mr. J. S. Gujral, Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh 
Doshi, Director, Mr. Satendra Singh, Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Bijay Agrawal, Chief 
Financial Officer, Syrma SGS to discuss the performance of the company during the fourth 
quarter and full year FY '2024, followed by a detailed question and answer session. 
During this call, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involves 
several risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that can cause results to differ 
materially from those in such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements 
made herein are based on the information presently available to the management and the 
company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made in 
the course of this call. 
 
In this regard, please do review the disclaimer statements in the earnings release and all other 
factors that can cause a difference. I will now hand over the call to Mr. J S Gujral, Managing 
Director, Syrma SGS. Thank you. 
J S Gujral: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very warm welcome to the FY '24 Annual Earnings Call of Syrma 
SGS Technology Limited. At the outset, on behalf of the management, I would like to place 
on record our sincere thanks to all the stakeholders of the company, be it the shareholders, 
investors, customers, business partners, and employees. But for their unstinted support, it 
would not have been possible for the company to be where it is today. 
 
I will now briefly dwell on the FY '24 performance of the company and then dwell on the 
quarterly and other details. It was a momentous year for us because we crossed the INR3,000 
crores revenue mark in this financial year, which is almost 4X of our FY '21 revenues and 
2.5X of our FY '22 revenues. It represents a 54% increase yoy. 
 
And over the last three years, the CAGR of the revenues has been a healthy 55%. We 
achieved the highest ever quarterly sales of INR1,149 crores in Q4 of FY '24, representing a 
63% increase over Q4 of FY '23. We achieved in this year USD100 million in exports, 
representing a 26% growth for FY '23. Now this number is very significant if we look at the 
exports from the EMS sector in India. Almost 95% of these exports are to USA and Europe. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
The CAGR of exports over the last three years stands at a healthy 19%, especially when we 
see it in context of the growth in those markets. The revenue growth in the current year has 
been led by consumer, followed by auto, followed by healthcare and industrial. 
Coming to the margins, we crossed the INR200 crores operating EBITDA mark and INR250 
crores EBITDA. Operating EBITDA and EBITDA stood at 6.8% and 8% respectively. 
Operating EBITDA has grown from INR100 crores in FY '21 to INR213 crores in FY '24, a 
CAGR of 29% over three years. For Q4, we achieved an operating EBITDA of INR82 
crores, the highest ever in the quarters in this year. 
During the year, we achieved operating leverages of about 1.5% and we plan to further 
consolidate on this in the coming years. This is a focus area for the management for the 
coming years. We have had a marginal reduction of 7% in PBT, primarily on account of a 
higher depreciation charge, which has gone up by 65%. Now this depreciation charge has 
gone up because of the capex cycle which we have undertaken, which is yet to be sweated 
and will give optimum operating results. 
 
Net working capital has stabilized at about 70 days based on the average and about 80-odd 
days based on the year-end figures and we plan to bring it down further over the next few 
quarters with the target of getting to 60 days odd level as the final figure. Our CFO would 
dwell on these financial numbers in detail after my interaction. 
During the year, it's very significant that we doubled our SMT capacity from 3.2 million 
component placement per hour to 6.3 million components. In other words, we replicated in 
one year a capacity which was built over three decades. This is also reflected in a higher 
depreciation charge in the books. We are in the process of commissioning a design center in 
Pune which will be primarily focused on ODM business in the MedTech vertical. This will 
go live in Q2 of FY '25. Commissioning of the Pune plant is also on track and will be ready 
for production in Q2 or early Q3 of FY '25. 
We are expanding our footprint in Germany by setting up a 40k square feet facility to address 
to the near shoring requirements of our customers. I think this will enable us in the coming 
years in attracting more business from the Western Europe side. Coming to the future plans, 
we expect the growth momentum of 40-45% to be maintained in the coming year. This 
growth will be driven on the back of strong traction and demand across automotive, electric 
mobility, industrial, RFID and healthcare sectors. 
 
Consumer is expected to stabilize between 37% to 40% of our revenues in FY25 with the 
target of the management to bring it down further. We expect softness in our exports in the 
first half of the year, but despite that we expect exports to grow by about 30% in the coming 
year. 
 
We expect annual EBITDA margins to stabilize at 7%. Quarterly variations based on the 
seasonality of the demand from the various verticals would be always there. We expect the 
company to be OCF positive in FY25 and Bijay our CFO will dwell on this in detail. 
 
Based on the performance of the company, the management has decided to retain the 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
dividend payout as was last year which is essentially 15% dividend. With this, I now hand 
over to Bijay to dwell on the financial numbers in detail and then we can open up for the 
Q&A session. Thank you very much. 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Good morning everyone. I will now take you through the brief financial performance for the 
quarter and for the full year FY24. Our operating revenue for the year is INR3,154 crores 
which is up by 54% year-on-year and for the quarter it is INR1134 crores which is a growth 
of 67% year-on-year. The growth has been mainly contributed by a stronger demand growth 
on the auto sector side which is 60% plus. 
Consumer sector side which is 90% almost, healthcare side 55% growth year-on-year and 
same way industrial sector which has grown by almost 30% which has resulted into the 
overall 54% growth year-on-year. Our export revenue as Mr. Gujral has already explained 
has grown up to almost INR810 crores in FY24 which is 26% growth year-on-year.  
Similar way ODM revenue for the year is about approximately INR480 crores which is 
almost 15% of my total sales for the year. Our gross margin for the year is about 22% and for 
the quarter it is 18% on the back of mainly business mix change from the year to the quarter. 
With a continued efforts on the overall operational efficiencies and some bit of operating 
leverage benefit we have been able to brought down our overall overhead percentage by 
almost 100 bps as percentage of overall revenue which is visible in our numbers. 
Our operating EBITDA for the year is INR215 crores and for the quarter it is INR82 crores 
which is 7.2% of operating EBITDA margin for the quarter. Same way PBT for the year is 
INR168 crores and for the quarter it is INR61 crores and PAT for the year is INR124 crores 
and for the quarter it is INR45 crores which is approximately 4% of PAT margin. Our current 
operating performance doesn't factor any PLI benefits so far which can be taken into the P&L 
henceforth once we receive it. 
 
Moving to our overall working capital performance our net working capital investment is 
currently for about 70 days of sales and which is again when we calculate on an average 
basis as explained by Mr. Gujral. Moving to our debt position we have a total gross debt as 
on balance sheet as on 31st of March 2024 is INR576 crores which is mainly  inclusive of 
working capital debt of about INR490 crores. We are also continuing with a total treasury 
position of INR400 crores and with that my net debt position as on year-end is INR175 
crores.  
Coming to capex during the year we had spent almost INR250 crores of capex and we are 
expecting to spend another INR150 crores to INR180 crores in the year FY25 towards the 
project as Mr. Gujral has already explained regarding to our Pune project and other projects 
which are already ongoing. Our ROCE return on capital employed for the year is about 
15.4% when we calculate it excluding the unutilised IPO funds and goodwill from the 
balance sheet.  
Our OCF operating cash flow for the year is negative mainly because of incremental 
investments towards working capital on the back of higher business demands expected into 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
the upcoming quarters. Same way some update on the merger which we have already filed 
regarding amalgamation of our subsidiary SGS Tekniks, SGS Infosystems into Syrma SGS. 
We have already filed this scheme with NCLT and the next steps are already in process. We 
expect the merger to be completed in another 9 months, 12 months period. 
 
Regarding guidance for the next financial year on FY25 as Mr. Gujral has already explained, 
we expect the similar growth of 40%, 45% to continue into our overall revenue and with an 
operating EBITDA margin of approximately around 7%. We still continue to focus upon 
working capital improvement and OCF improvement. That will be a focus area going 
forward for the next year also. 
 
With this, thank you very much and I will hand over this call to Ravi again to open it for the 
question and answer session. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Neha, we can go for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Aditya Bhatia from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Hi, good morning, sir. My first question is on the gross margin decline that we have seen this 
year which actually has been quite sharp partly offset by operating leverage benefits that we 
spoke about. Now, what has really led to this level of gross margin erosion because mix 
alone cannot justify that. It appears that margins across individual segments have also been 
declined? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So, broadly, individual customer-wise margins have not yet declined. The MIX change, 
mainly you can see in the quarter, my consumer business has contributed almost 46%, which 
has again resulted into some impact on the overall gross margin. Into the same auto sector, 
my EV business has contributed a larger number to the auto, so that has also impacted flights 
a bit by 100%. So, that is where the overall MIX change has impacted by this overall gross 
margin decline. Otherwise, customer-wise margins have not declined anyway so far. 
J S Gujral: 
Yes, just to sort of further expand on what Bijay shared, we very closely monitor the margin 
profile, the gross margin profile of each vertical. And there, we don't see contraction in the 
vertical-wise margins. The fact that my consumer business is contributing 46% of my 
revenue led to this contraction of about 4% points. The raw material margin has come down 
from sort of 26%, 26.4% to 22%. It's primarily because of that and not because of contraction 
in margins in the verticals where we operate or with the customers with whom we work. We 
monitor this very closely on a monthly or quarterly basis. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Sure, sir. So, we no longer get the gross margin details on a segment-wise basis, but if I just 
assume that in second half, we had similar gross margins across segments as first half for all 
of the segments other than consumer, then the implied gross margin for the consumer 
business would be only with single digits. So, what are we really missing over here? 
 
Is consumer business this lower margin business for the company? I mean, with single digits 
on a gross margin side would possibly mean no margins at the EBITDA level or maybe even 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
losses at the EBITDA level. Or is it that in one of the segments, at least we have seen a big 
margin drop? 
J S Gujral: 
See, in consumer business, we have two or three basic silos. One is my ODM business, 
which is a small portion of my revenue, which also includes my RFID business. So, if I was 
to take the ODM business including the RFID business, which is an ODM in nature, the 
margin profile would be compared to automotive and industrial somewhere in between. It is 
in the fiber-to-home consumer-oriented telecom business, which forms a major chunk of the 
consumer business, that the margin profile is significantly lower. Here, we talk of…Bijay, 
gross material margins of telecom consumer business? It could be less than 10%. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Okay, sure. My second question was on the working capital side. In the last few conference 
calls, you had alluded to consumer segment having a much lower working capital, and 
therefore, ROICs across segments not being dramatically different. This time around, we 
have seen a big jump in consumer business, while some of the high margin businesses have 
grown at a slower pace. But we have not seen the corresponding decline or moderation in 
working capital. So, what has that been on account of? 
J S Gujral: 
You see, as I explained in my opening remarks, we have achieved a quarterly run rate of 
1,000 plus INR1,100 crores in Q4. But my average for the whole year would be 750. Now, 
the inventory days we calculate on the average of the overall sales. If we were to calculate 
the net working capital based on the exit rate of Q4, which is my incoming rate of Q1 of this 
year, then my net working capital is significantly down to about 60 days. It could be a couple 
of days less or a couple of days more. So, the Q1 of this year, I would be doing what I did in 
Q4 of last year. 
 
So, based on that, my working capital days, there are significant reductions to about 60 odd 
days in this year. But yes, if we calculate it on an overall average of the thing, then my 
working capital based on an average of opening and closing is about 70 days. And based only 
on closing is about 82 days, which is down from 88-89 days at the beginning of the year. So, 
I've seen a 10% reduction in net working capital based on the closing balances and almost a 
near-flat-ish thing is on the base of average. I hope I have clarified the point. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Sure, that's a fair point, sir. But my only issue over here is that we've been growing very fast 
in the past as well. It's been a similar kind of trajectory that we've been seeing for some time 
now. And even the expectation is that growth rates will remain like this, in which case, 
working capital, that means, is likely to remain elevated, even if they make certain groups. 
J S Gujral: 
We believe and we are targeting to bring down this working capital from about 70 days, 
which is at the base of the average figure, to about 60 days in the coming year. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
And if you see on a quarterly sales basis, if you calculate it, it is around 56 days of sales 
when we calculate it on the quarterly sales of q4. So, even if we continue with a similar kind 
of a sales number going forward, I think overall working capital will then gradually come 
down. As expected. 
Aditya Bhatia: 
Sure, sir. Thank you so much. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Hi, sir. So, when we see the overall growth in segments like healthcare, significant growth 
and auto also growth, you are talking about EV contribution also. So, can you talk about is 
this segment is not sufficient growth to whatever the margin contraction we have? Because I 
think healthcare is a better margin business. And we have also acquired Johari Digital, which 
is a better margin business. 
 
So, can you talk about - is this segment is not sufficient growth to whatever the margin 
contraction we have? Because I think, healthcare is a better margin business. And we have 
also acquired Johari Digital, which is a better margin business. So, can you talk about how 
the Johari is not helping or margin has deteriorated from there when we have acquired? 
J S Gujral: 
No. You see, the healthcare business forms about 8% of my total revenue. So, if the 
healthcare business at 8% grows at, say, 30%, it would still form a smaller absolute figure of 
my total revenue. Hence, its impact, the positive impact on EBITDA gets diluted because of 
a higher phase of the consumer business. Consumer business is approximately 40 odd percent 
of my revenue, where the healthcare business is 8%, 8%-9%. So, if the lower margin on a 
40% sort of bucket has a negative sort of - it erases the positive of a growth in an 8% 
business, which constitutes an 8% business. It's not that the healthcare business is not 
profitable. It is profitable, as we envisaged, but being only 8% of the revenue, it in fact gets 
diluted of the overall number figures. 
Sumant Kumar: 
And the Johari Digital margin has deteriorated from when we acquired? 
J S Gujral: 
It's sustaining the margin on which basis we had acquired the business. There is no 
significant variation in it. It's a healthy business. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Indrajit Agarwal from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. First, sir, when I look at this 
quarter's numbers, consumer is about 46% of sales, and your operating EBITDA margin is 
7.2%. Next year, as we get to consumer at about 35 odd percent of sales, that's a 40% of 
sales, why would our EBITDA margin go down to 7%? 
J S Gujral: 
Well, we  are guiding on 7%. We are conservative because the year is yet to pan out, to be 
very honest. So if we find, if we believe that there is a need to revise it either way, we'll come 
back to you on quarterly earning calls. But as of date for the year, we are maintaining a 7% 
EBITDA annual margin, which could see quarterly variations because of the change in the 
product mix. But on annual basis, we are very confident that we'll sustain 7% EBITDA 
margin with a 40%-45% growth rate. If it goes up, we'll come back to the market and revise 
our guidance accordingly. But for now, we all should take 7%, which is the management's 
take. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. Can you help us with what is the current order book and what is the domestic and 
export mix in that? 
J S Gujral: 
Bijay will take that. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So we have an order book visibility of approximately INR4500 crores, in which export 
would be approximately 22%-25%. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. And lastly, one more, if I may, given that you are targeting to be FCF positive next 
year, what would be the funds used for? You have taken an enabling resolution to raise 
funds. So what would that be used for? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
This is just an enabling resolution and we want it to be fully prepared, ready- available for 
any growth opportunity. So broadly, the funds, whenever we raise, it will be more targeted 
towards long-term business growth. And that's what can be one of the use. 
J S Gujral: 
So this is an enabling resolution to keep the company ready because we are, we always keep 
evaluating an organic acquisition. And as I shared in my earlier call, we were looking at sort 
of, our aim was to acquire companies where we don't have the product offerings. Hence, we 
had acquired JDHL. And similarly, in the railways and the defence, it would take us a lot of 
regulatory approval time if we were to do it in-house at any show. 
 
So we are looking at those companies and this is just an enabling resolution that it has to go 
through the AGMs and all those things. So that's why we have taken this enabling resolution. 
We'll share the purpose for which it is to be used once we hit the market and we have 
concrete proposals on our table. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. That's all from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Khandelwal from Bank of India 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Khandelwal: 
Hello, sir. So my question is on the ROIs of, let's say, a consumer business. If I look at the 
annual basis, a consumer business contributes 40% in FY '24 versus 32%. So there's an 8% 
deviation. And you said that the fiber-to-home business accounts the majority chunk of this 
consumer business, so gross margins are less than 10%. I mean, what we have seen, 
especially in the case of a consumer business, that margins are lower, but ROICs or OCs are 
much better. So is it fair to them, similar in our case, or let's say ROICs are better than the 
company average in this fiber-to-home business, lesser than that? If you can just help me in 
that specific consumer business ROIC? 
J S Gujral: 
See, in the consumer business, once it stabilizes, the ROCs are better because of lower 
involvement of working capital and higher asset turns. You see, broadly, in the EMS 
industry, the higher the margin of the business, comparatively lower will be the asset turns 
and higher will be the working capital involvement. It's inversely proportionate. So lower 
margin businesses have a higher asset turn and a lower involvement of working capital. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
In our particular case, this is true, but since we have still not reached the optimum scale of 
things, because this thing has only happened during the course of the year, we expect its 
impact on working capital to be visible in FY '25. But as I just shared, if I share some 
numbers, my net working capital on a global basis is about INR711 crores. And if I take the 
exit rate of INR1100 crores of Q4, which translates into 300, whatever, INR50-odd crores of 
per month revenue, my net working capital as number of days is already down to below 60. 
Bijay has referred to a figure of 56. And he can dwell this in further detail. 
 
So going forward, we expect the impact of this to be reflected in the financials. This is an 
area of sort of a strong focus of the management. Even if it is 60 days, 58 days, net working 
capital or the working capital involvement is the focus area for the management to improve 
the OCS. Bijay, if you could dwell something more on this. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. So ROC can be furthermore improved. And for this consumer business also, 
some bit of like this has started during the year. So now full benefit or full efficiencies are 
not yet achieved. Going forward, we will target those efficiencies in terms of working capital 
and OCF, which will help us to achieve the desired ROC. 
Piyush Khandelwal: 
No, that's fair enough. I mean, you've been making the same comments since last three 
quarters. My question is specifically because we have grown 90%. So we have utilized some 
of the assets. It's not that we have not utilized. So my question is specific to that fiber-to-
home business, which I'm mentioning that accounts for the majority of the chunk of this 
consumer business. There, the ROICs are better than the company average. Is it lower? Is it 
at par with the company average? That's the question. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
Here, ROICs are almost in the range of or maybe as per the company average only. It is just 
like a low-margin business with a better asset, but still delivering similar kind of ROC. That 
was the target. The only point here is during the quarter four also, if you would have seen, 
there's a higher sale. And similar with the same higher sales of the total company level is 
what we are expecting in the upcoming quarters also. So that is where we are maintaining 
higher networking capital as of now in terms of absolute numbers and the inventories. 
 
So which will gradually -- in the upcoming quarters, we should be able to see that benefit of 
number of days of working capital into the OCF, which will help us improve the ROIC 
percentage by a few percentage points. But that is what we are targeting. But overall, on an 
average basis, it is not a low ROIC business. It is almost at par kind of an average ROIC 
business. 
Piyush Khandelwal: 
All right, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Hi, sir. I hope you can hear me fine. Just sort of getting into the similar sort of question 
because the peer that does business or retail probably has networking capital based in the 10-
day sort of range. Still, if I assume like a best case in a INR45, INR46,00 crores top line next 
year and INR320 crores of EBITDA, with about 60 days, we still are not sure of how we will 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
sort of generate positive OCF. So could you kind of help us as to what gives us confidence 
that 60 days we should be sort of enough in terms of OCF? 
 
Because next year again, because there will be growth after that, right. We will be stocking 
up inventory for FY '26 growth. So I just wanted to sort of dwell into how are we looking at 
positive OCF specifically? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
In your, maybe the numbers which you have taken as an example here, from INR320 crores 
of EBITDA, we are expecting we can, maybe there can be some bit of tax outflows for about 
INR60 odd crores, one can take as an example. And maybe incremental working capital may 
not be more than INR100 odd crores. And balance will be operating cash flow is what we are 
seeing here. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just one final follow-up. What is the actual networking capital days in the home-to-
fiber business? Like what kind of networking capital do we have for that particular client? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So as of now, we are at about INR650 or INR670 odd crores of networking capital. On a 60 
days basis, assuming a INR4,500 crores of sales, we may be at around INR750, INR770 odd 
crores of total working capital requirements. So there is another INR100 crores rupees of 
working capital requirement may pop up for the upcoming year. But that another INR100 
crores of working capital with an additional INR60 crores of tax, both are removed from the 
EBITDA number of maybe estimated. 
In these examples, like we are just putting as an example number here is INR320 odd crores. 
Still there can be a would decent operating cash flow positive number available. Assuming 
the company is able to maintain the entire operations with the incremental INR100 crores of 
working capital, which is what we are keeping as a target. 
J S Gujral: 
Yes. You see, just to dwell on some figures, I think for better clarity, INR315, INR320 crores 
of EBITDA would result into a PAT of approximately INR165 odd crores at back of the hand 
calculations. Or current networking capital is about INR711, INR710 crores as of March of 
'24. Now, if we take it a 60 days thing, then there is no incremental investment in the 
working capital. If we take it at 70 days, my working capital at the year end March '25 should 
be at about INR850, INR860 crores. So in the worst case basis that there is no improvement 
in the working cap, my PAT goes into my working capital. I don't have to borrow further at 
the worst case. 
 
But if it's a reduction, a 60 days, it comes out to 60 days, then my working capital 
requirement is about INR750 crores, INR711 crores as of March of '24. So hardly a INR39, 
INR40 crores increment. That's the game plan which the management is focused on. How do 
we bring down the net working capital from the present level of about 70 odd days to 60 
days? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. And will we see that continuously throughout the year? Or would it be more, 2H 
driven, given that 1H will be still ramping up on, the incremental revenue? 
J S Gujral: 
Start kicking it in the quarter. Because I personally don't see my net working capital 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
significantly going up in the Q1 of the next year from the current level. So if we are doing, 
we are planning, if we do say inr1000 crores, the exit rate of Q4, then my working capital for, 
I think, is only down to 60 days. Assuming there is some amount of incremental, it will be 
62, 63, 65 days in Q1. Broad figures. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Those are my questions. 
J S Gujral: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hardik Rawat from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions with regards to the healthcare 
business. Just wanted to understand that you've done a top line of about 160 of about INR1.2 
billion what part of this was from the core healthcare portfolio of Syrma and what part of this 
was from the Johari Digital company that we acquired? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So for the quarter I think you are referring here this INR1150 crores of revenue which 
includes almost 100 plus crores of total healthcare business. And almost 50-50 is from the 
core business and 50% of it is like from the acquired JDHL business, MedTech business. 
Hardik Rawat: 
Got it. Also, a longer term question in terms of our mix from consumer has increased from 
20% to now 40%. Now, going ahead how do you see this evolve over the next 2 years to 3 
years? And next year we are targeting about 45 to 46 billion in revenue. What do you think is 
- what do you expect is going to be the mix of this revenue? 
J S Gujral: 
Satendra will you take that question? The mix of the business in the coming years. Satendra 
our CEO will address this particular question and then I can also pitch it or I can pitch it in 
the beginning that the endeavor of the management is to bring down this percentage from 
40%-odd to below 40%.  
That would essentially be with an increase in other verticals. So, Satendra can dwell on this 
detail, but the direction of the management is very clear that the consumer business we would 
like to keep it – too happy to keep it low 40 in this year itself, but in longer run it has to come 
down to between 30 and 35 in the long run. This year I think it's too early to say. 
Satendra Singh: 
I think we are very focused on this particular activity which is to balance between different 
segments. And we are doubling down on growing our revenues in the industrial and auto. 
And that would be kind of in a way helping us offset. But at this point of the numbers with 
Gujral and Bijay shared I think we will hold on to that. But going forward, I think there's a 
lot of focus on growing the business in the industrial and auto. 
Hardik Rawat: 
All right. And one last question circling back to the Johari Digital, I just wanted to 
understand what sort of base did we have back in 4Q FY23 and how the growth has spanned 
out in that company? 
J S Gujral: 
See, the growth of Johari in the FY24 has been flattish. There was this merger and all that, 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
but we expect a decent growth of about 25%, 30% in this business going forward and the 
management is very focused on the areas where we have to work in the Meditech business 
which will essentially be revolving around four, five verticals of pain and rehab, surgical, 
diagnostic, patient care, and some services, certification services in this business.  
So that would be the focus of growth and we expect this business to grow at about 30% in 
this year and significantly higher percentage in the future years. As I earlier said at the time 
of acquisition of this business, this is a platform which we have acquired and not a business 
per se. So going forward this would form a decent portion of overall business. 
Hardik Rawat: 
All right. Thank you so much. All the best.  
J S Gujral: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from Incred Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Hi. Just had two questions. So first question is regarding what would be the order book 
breakup by segment? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
Broadly, out of this INR4,500 crores of open order book visibility about 40% is what from 
consumer business, 20% to 25% from industrial business. Similar way 20% to 22% is 
approximately from auto sector and about 5% to 7% from healthcare. Balance is IT and 
railways. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Noted. Secondly, the 70 days NWC number which we are coming up with, net working 
capital days is based on average? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
This is based on average if we calculate on the closing inventory basis it is around 82 days. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Yes, but average is not a correct metric because there's a very significant difference between 
last year and this year inventory receivable days. So average wouldn't be a better metric. I 
guess closing days would be a much better metric? 
J S Gujral: 
If we were to take the closing numbers we are down from 88 days, 89 days to 82 days. We 
are sharing the average because industry peers are also reflecting only the average. So we are 
sharing both the numbers. If we were to compare the quarter and the yearend numbers it is 
down from 89 to 82 days. If we take the average it is a flattish from 72 odd days to 70 odd 
days. We are sharing the numbers because the practice of the peers is to show average only. 
So for an apple-to-apple comparison we are sharing both the numbers. But yes for us it is the 
year end numbers and that's why I said that if I take the year end numbers and my Q4 run 
rate we are down to 60 days. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, cool. And last question, why has the receivable days gone up so much. As far as I can 
see, it has gone up significantly receivables? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So there is quite a bit of sales is what we have achieved during this quarter and that is where 
the sales receivable numbers are because there is always maybe two months to three months 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
of receivable period is always there. So if we have achieved a very significant amount of 
sales in Q4 that is reflecting into the receivable stage also. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Yes, but does the company internally has an ROC metric which we use. I mean, if you can 
share that before you go for a deal or you go for sale, internally what would be the ROC 
metric which you have roughly? 
Bijay Agrawal: 
So broadly for every business whatever we are doing acquiring as a new business, we always 
calculate ROC and track ROC also because ultimately without ROC performance there is no 
[inaudible 43:00]. We evaluate all these metrics. Internally, we are also doing it. Some bit of 
time we take a strategy call also if some business is there linked with some kind of PLI 
benefits. 
Some other kind of entering into a new market, new product segments so those kind of 
strategy calls also we do take along with that ROC thing, but generally, for a normal 
business, we always try to get more than 20% plus kind of ROC performance. 
J S Gujral: 
And Bijay just mentioned the PLI. In all the financials which you have shared with the 
community it does not include a penny. I repeat a penny of PLI. For FY23 where our claim is 
in the final stages of sort of approval and disbursement, we have a gross PLI of about INR9 
crores.  
After sharing with the customer we would be left with about INR3 crores, INR3.5 crores, 
INR4 crores. For FY24 based on the sales which we have done in the telecom consumer 
business my PLI entitlement on a very rough estimate would be about INR48 crores to 
INR50 crores. 
Out of which assuming I share two-thirds with my customers I am left with one-third. It is a 
INR16 crores benefit for the sales which I have done in this year. Now, this PLI has not been 
factored in. So, if we were to hypothetically because we have taken a call that will account 
for the PLI once it is in the bank.  
Hypothetically, if we were to take it on an accrual basis, my EBITDA goes up straight by 
INR16 crores. That is the net what will come to me in the company. And INR16 crores on a 
INR3,000 crores base translates into 0.5%, 0.6%. And that will also directly affect the ROCE 
of that particular business. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. Just a last question. So, a significant chunk of your EBITDA margin expansion this 
quarter has come from other expenses. It has come down as a percentage of sales. So, any 
thoughts on that? What is the other expense which has helped the EBITDA margins, the 
breakup for that? Other expense? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So, broadly, I think you are talking about this operating efficiency you are talking about. 
Mainly, yes, the other expenses include many other like facility infrastructure related 
expenses, R&M expenses, legal and consulting expenses. It includes quite a bit of fixed 
nature kind of expenses. So, as the revenue grows up, the operating leverage is resulting into 
that benefit saving. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
J S Gujral: 
We have saved 1.5% on that compared to FY'23. And we want to plan to consolidate on this 
saving in the coming year further. My operating expenses have come down by 1.5% 
approximately. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. And if I am allowed to ask one last question. So, fundamentally in your business, is 
there any risk that you can be undercut by your competitors on price? Because as far as I can 
see in the PCB consumer business, there is no such barrier to entry. So, is there a possibility 
that your competitor might undercut you on price and in that sense, you might have to also 
take a cut in gross margins? Is that a possibility? 
J S Gujral: 
See, in the consumer business, if you refer to it, there is a big entry barrier of PLI. Only the 
companies which have got the PLI, for example, if I was to enter a mobile phone business 
today, I am just taking a hypothetical question. If I was to enter a mobile phone business, I 
am at a disadvantage compared to the existing players because they have a PLI and I don't 
have a PLI. 
 
Similarly, in the telecom sector, the PLI entitlement is already there with certain companies. 
Now, within that fraternity of companies which have the PLI, I don't think we have not 
witnessed undercutting of the prices. New entrants have a barrier because they don't have a 
PLI and it involves a lot of regulatory and quality approvals of the customers. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Shah: 
Hi, Gujral sir. Namaste. One thing I still could not understand is your EBITDA margin 
guidance, which you said is 7% for 2024-25. If I look at your last 12 quarters also, not a 
single quarter is EBITDA margin of less than, all of the quarters are well above 7%. If we are 
seeing that the consumer business, which is a low margin business, percentage would decline 
in 2024-25 and would decline further going forward. Why is the EBITDA margin at 7%? I 
mean, it baffles me. When in last 12 quarters, not a single quarter, forget about a year, but not 
a single quarter, EBITDA margin is below 7%. It is actually well in excess of 7% in each 
quarter. 
 
Then with improving RFID contribution with reducing consumer business percentage in the 
total mix and on a larger business with some amount of operating leverage of the spend that 
we have made on people significantly, plus on the consultancy fees that we have spent, all of 
that, I can't understand why the EBITDA margin should be 7%. 
J S Gujral: 
Good question. We are being, based on what we have achieved in the last quarters and the 
sales mix which we have, to be on the conservative side because earlier on we were, I 
wouldn't call it accused, but we were sort of held up for not being very positive on the 
guidance. So we are taking all the pros and cons, guiding 7%. Now, it is the call of the 
management to guide and if during the course of the quarters we find that the ground 
situation has changed from what we believe it would be, we would be more than happy to 
come and share with you all the revision in the guidance. But for now, we stick to 7%, being 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
on a conservative basis. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
And this is an annual guidance, so quarterly personalities may still be there, as it was there 
for FY'24 also, but full year basis we are confident to deliver. 
Bharat Shah: 
But FY'24 also not a single quarter where our EBITDA margin is below 7%. Are you 
confusing between operating profit margin or EBITDA margin? 
J S Gujral: 
I'm saying operating EBITDA. 
Bharat Shah: 
Meaning without counting other income? 
J S Gujral: 
Yes, please. So all this 7% is operating EBITDA margin. So happy that you clarified it. I 
should have clarified it, so we are at fault on that. It is the operating EBITDA margin which 
we are guiding at 7%, not the overall EBITDA margin. 
Bharat Shah: 
Now, if operating margin is at 7%, that number for FY'24 is about 6.3%. So are you saying 
about 0.7% higher than that? 
J S Gujral: 
It's 6.8% because foreign exchange fluctuations are related to the business purchase and sale 
and they are accounted for as operating income. These are not on investments or anything. So 
if I were to take the overall operating margin, including the foreign exchange fluctuations, 
which are essentially on the purchase and sale of goods and services, my annual EBITDA 
margin is about 6.8% and the exit margin is about 7.2%. Exit quarter margin is 7.2%. So 
these fluctuations are related to the business. These are the accounting entries when we book 
a purchase or sale, it's on the bill of exchange entry rate and when we remit money, it could 
be lower at a higher rate. So these are fluctuations purely related to the business operations 
and not to the investment or treasury income. 
Bharat Shah: 
All right. So 6.8% operating margin of FY'24 should at least be 7% in FY'25. 
J S Gujral: 
Yes, against a 7.2% exit margin Q4 of FY'24. So there's a 0.2% contraction, which we are 
projecting as a conservative thing. So we say 7% operating EBITDA margin for full annual 
FY'25 against 6.8% of FY'24. 
Bharat Shah: 
Gujral sir, pardon me, but are we in a situation where we have to be cautious? Because I still 
don't understand this number. Their larger turnover, there will be operating leverage, non-
consumer mix will be higher. So all that should lead to this number also better. So are we 
being unduly beaten up by what has happened where our guidance is being more enthusiastic 
by numbers are being behind? And because of that, we are just taking a very conservative 
stance? 
J S Gujral: 
We could say that, but for the now, for the present, we hold on to this guidance and another 
60 days from now, we'll be back to the market with our Q1 results. And we find that there is 
a significant change. We'll revise our guidance accordingly. But for current, my submission 
is that we stick to the 7% guidance. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. But there are no business condition adversity that you are seeing, which makes you 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
revise this number? 
J S Gujral: 
Currently, we stick by this number, but we are not seeing any adversity which is pulling 
down this number. We are sticking the sort of calculated this number and on a, say, let's put it 
on a slightly conservative basis. A Dravid style approach instead of a Virender Sehwag style 
approach. 
 
We stay at 7%. And if the situation changes during the course of the quarter, we'll definitely 
come back. We'll be more than happy to share even good - better news with the investing 
community and analysts and my investors. But for now, I'm holding my horses and staying at 
7%. 
Bharat Shah: 
All right. One last thing. Depreciation has been about INR50 crores for the year and interest 
has been about INR40 crores. So about INR90 crores. If we are likely to be sweating assets 
better and there'll be cash flow release, that interest number probably will be lower for the 
year ahead, similar or higher? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So going forward in the next year, what we see, depreciation can be slightly higher for the 
capexes, whatever we have done or maybe which are under capitalization. So quarter 
number, you can see about INR16 odd crores rupees of depreciation for the quarter, last 
quarter, quarter four. So similar way, maybe the number should be approximately around 
INR60-INR70 crores of depreciation for the next year. 
 
And financing cost is like always a derivative number of our total financing. If we are able to 
manage the working capital as per our plans, my working capital borrowing will also be in 
the similar range. And accordingly, the financing cost would be similar way. So with a slight 
a bit of 10%-15% of variance. 
Bharat Shah: 
So interest cost would be around INR40-INR45 crores? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
40-50 is what we can say. 
J S Gujral: 
Yes. So we expect about, as Bijay was saying, depreciation to be about 60-65 interest, 45, so 
about INR100, INR110 crores of charge after operating EBITDA from our thing. So if we 
say the operating EBITDA for about 315, whatever is the figure, so that will be reduced. 
Bharat Shah: 
Operating profit plus other income minus the charge. 
J S Gujral: 
Yes. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. Thank you in all the best. I hope we are beautifully strung by the past and therefore we 
are diving cautiously for the future. That's appreciated. 
J S Gujral: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So just first clarification, the capex that we have done, 
organic capex in FY ‘24 should be around INR333, 40 crores. Is it correct understanding? 
And what would be the utilization for this incremental capex? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So this capex, yes, the overall number is correct. The total utilization would be 
approximately towards, we are planning to set up a facility in Manesar one more, Manesar 3, 
part of the capex has gone towards it. Part of the capex has gone towards my Chennai 
project. 
 
We have also acquired land for my Hosur project, the part of the capex for that, Pune and 
Bawal. It's a mix of 4-5 projects towards which we have done the entire capex. 
Keyur Pandya: 
So I'm saying on the gross block of FY ‘23 end, what is the utilization and whatever 
capitalization that we have done in FY ‘24, what is the utilization on that incremental added 
gross block also? 
J S Gujral: 
Okay. As of the year in March 24, on an average basis, my asset utilization is about 65 odd 
percent. 
Keyur Pandya: 
On the blended basis, with a doubled capacity? 
J S Gujral: 
Yes. If my total capacity available as of March of 24, and then we calculate the capacity 
every month as the capacities are added. The average utilization is below 70%. So this is 
what gives us the sort of leverage to grow in this year. And as I shared in my last call also, 
that the capex which we will be doing in FY ‘25 is aimed at my FY ‘26 target. For the FY 
‘25 target, by and large, my capex is in place and the capacities are in place, buying some 
balancing equipment or one-odd equipment in a particular location because of a customer 
demand. So whatever capex which Bijay tells me is about INR150 crores in this year, FY 
‘25, is aimed for FY ‘26 revenues, bulk of it. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Okay, INR150 crores organic capex. And anything on the inorganic side? 
J S Gujral: 
Inorganic, as of day, we have nothing, no concrete proposals on the table, but we keep 
evaluating proposals in areas where we are not present in offerings which we don't have to 
sort of complete over product offerings in defence, aerospace, and maybe railways. So those 
things are a work in progress. We keep evaluating. And once we have a concrete proposal in 
hand, we'll definitely come back to all - to you people. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Okay, just last question, if I look at other expenditure, other opex, sequentially Q3 and Q4, 
our revenue has gone more than 60%-70% up Q-on-Q. I expect other opex is around flat at 
around INR80 crores. Now we have some one-off or we should continue similar run rate 
going ahead also in FY ‘25 because if I look at the revenue guidance, that is around $45 
billion. So that is on the similar quarterly run rate as we have seen in Q4. So this INR80 
crores has some one-offs and that is what it is lower or this is the stabilized other expenditure 
level on the quarterly basis? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
Other expenses include some bit of variable and some bit of fixed expenses. The variable 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
portion is the labor contractor expenses. So whatever is there, that will definitely be 
increasing with the increase in the sales. That's where we are. Rest of all are fixed, so this 
will be there in the similar range, the balance number. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Okay, thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Banthia from Girik Capital. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Pratik, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question. Mr. 
Pratik, can you hear us? 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Next one, I'm probably in the background, you can check. 
Moderator: 
As there is no response from the line of the current participant. Our next question is from the 
line of Vipin Goel from Mirabilis Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vipin Goel: 
Yes, hi, sir. I had just one question regarding to the commentary that you made on the 
bringing down the consumer mix in FY ‘25. So if I look at the current order book, it's at 
about INR4,500 crores. And there you say that you're alluded that it's consumer mix is about 
40%. So if we assume 40% growth, that translates to roughly INR4,200-INR4,500 crores 
kind of revenues for the next year. 
 
Now, our question is that, how are we going to bring down the consumer mix execution in 
25? Because consumer orders are usually short cycle orders. So this 40% of the order books 
is what we'll have to execute anyway next year. On top of that, there could be some 
incremental consumer orders as well. So, I mean, could you just help us understand what am 
I missing here? 
J S Gujral: 
You're not missing. We are targeting that the consumer business in the current year, FY25, 
would be anything between 37% and 40% of the revenue that's all the breakup of our 
projections we have done internally with the industry-wise breakup. Now, there could always 
be a possibility going forward that if there's a business then my top line would go further up, 
but as of date what we have budgeted we believe that the consumer business will be between 
37% and 40% odd of the revenue and the revenues are expected to grow at about 40%, 45%. 
 
Now, hypothetically, if I end up a 60% increase in revenue next year if I'm not committing, 
I'm saying if then obviously some of the verticals will see a higher growth. Now, whether it 
will be consumer, healthcare or industrial that will change when it comes if we have to revise 
the guidance. But for now, the guidance which you are giving is a 40%, 45% top line growth 
with a 7% a bit and the one particular segment, we have shared the composition of it in the 
total revenue. 
Vipin Goel: 
Got it. So does that also mean that the incremental order intakes that we'll be taking for 25, 
that wouldn't have much of the consumer the FTTH piece that we are doing because if we do 
then that means your consumer mix is kind of going up because it's already built into the 
current order book the 40%. 
J S Gujral: 
So yes see current order book and based on the visibility from the customers we have shared 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
the figures. So if we - as we go forward and it's a dynamic society it's not that it's an annual 
plan which is sort of - which cannot be changed or revised upwards or downwards mostly 
upward. So if that happens, we'll share with the markets. 
 
But as of now, I can't say the plan will not be revised or some vertical will not go up or some 
vertical will not go down. So that's the thing as we progress the year and the quarter we'll 
keep updating the markets and the analysts on this, but as of now, we stand by what we have 
said, 40 to 45% growth rate with 7% EBITDA margin operating EBITDA margin. 
Vipin Goel: 
So how does this one the PLI piece, the FTTH piece in terms of ordering, I mean, since we 
are qualified for the PLI does that mean that we'll have to anyway meet certain criterias and 
have to bid for the upcoming projects in a similar category? 
J S Gujral: 
The PLI scheme has a play of investment and incremental revenues. Those have been 
factored in the projections. It's not that I have to take more orders to sort of avail the PLI to 
whatever entitlement I have got today based on the approval which I have received from the 
Government of India, I have factored in those businesses. 
 
If those businesses were to exceed that limit, they will not be PLI entitled. So if, for example, 
if my business limit is a revenue limit of INR800 crores I do INR1200 crores in a particular 
vertical, but I'll be entitled to PLI only on INR800 crores based on the approval which the 
Government has given. So we have taken all those things into consideration when we have 
drawn up our plans AOPs and shared with you. 
Vipin Goel: 
Sure, sir. That's it from me, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Ambit AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Yes, two questions from my side. Firstly, if we see our order book sequentially it looks flat at 
INR4,500 crores. So is it because we are slowing down our consumer business or there has 
been a general slight slowdown in other segments as well if we see sequentially? 
 
And second is that for the railway business. So now as we have got the RDSO approval, so 
what kind of order book as well as revenues do you see for the next year that is FY25 and 
FY26? 
J S Gujral: 
Now, the flattish order book position which you are referring to is because of a higher 
execution in Q4. It's not because of any softening in demand from any of the sectors. So 
during this coming quarters the position may change because by turnover increased by 
almost like 30% from INR750 odd crores to INR1100 crores between Q3 and Q4.  
And the orders will never be in sync with the execution, but the broad visibility we have 
shared with you. As far as RDSO approval is concerned, we have orders which we'll be 
executing this year. Last year against the RDSO approval, we executed an order worth about 
INR3.5 crores rupees.  

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
We expect in this year more towards the second half of the year the business from this RDSO 
approval to grow to about INR25 crores, INR30 crores. Railways is a longer gestation period 
in terms of getting the orders and executing the orders. Unlike automotive where once you 
get the approval the execution is very fast and consumer.  
So currently we have the visibility of railways which we have shared it should be about in the 
current year INR45 crores INR50 crores of business in the current year. If any further orders 
are received we'll share when they are received. Currently, the situation is this. 
Raj Shah: 
And how is the margin profile for these orders? 
J S Gujral: 
It's better compared to the automotive and industrial, but it is also accompanied by a higher 
working capital cycle because the execution period is long. It involves a lot of stage-wise 
inspections and all that. So the working capital cycle is long in railways. 
Raj Shah: 
So last question we have incorporated the new design subsidiary and you said that we expect 
revenues from FY25 onwards. So what kind of revenues do you expect from this [inaudible 
1:10:00] subsidiary? 
J S Gujral: 
Early days, we have got strong inquiries. We believe that in the current year we should be 
able to sort of come above board on the design part. When I say above board means that it 
should not be out of pocket. How much business we will be able to generate in this year it's 
still in the works. I think next year is the time when we should have fruits of this effort. It is 
taking longer than expected. 
 
I had expected that by 2024-2025 we should be able to kick in a decent amount of revenues. 
But with the revenues of the company being about what we are projecting it will still form a 
very small portion of our revenues and hence a small portion of our EBITDA. But going 
forward, I am very confident that this leg of the business should be EBITDA accretive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from Incred 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Thanks for allowing me to ask a follow-up. Just one thing on the balance sheet. Your other 
current assets have gone up significantly compared to last year. So wanted to understand why 
is that happening? What are the other current assets comprising of? 
J S Gujral: 
Okay, Bijay can answer in detail, but the significant increase in the other current assets is on 
the account of GST which has to be paid in advance when you buy the material. Inventories 
are accounted for net of GST. So GST is one of the major portions of the other current assets. 
But Bijay can dwell in detail on this. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
Primarily, that's the reason with the higher businesses and multiple locations. There is a 
higher inventory holding, which is there reflecting into my balance sheet. So that is one of 
the reasons, balances with the government authorities and all. So and some of the advances 
for the new businesses. These are the two things which are actually leading to this particular. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
And one last question. So you're setting up something in Germany, you mentioned in the 
initial part of your call, right? What was that? 
J S Gujral: 
See, we have had a company in Germany since 2008. They were operating on a small 
premises. And we had shared with a call, I think in the December earning call or something, 
that we had also set up a prototype line in Germany to address to the needs of the new 
product for mid-sized companies who don't have bandwidth to come to India. 
 
Now, based on the traction and the input from the consumers, customers rather, we have 
expanded and consolidated in a single facility of 40,000 square feet in Stuttgart, Germany, 
which should go on stream. It's under refurbishment and fit out, which should go on stream 
in Q3 of this year, maybe end of Q2 or the beginning of Q3 of this year. 
 
So that will address, so I would have a facility to show to my existing and potential new 
customers, address to the nearshoring requirements of the European customers. So it would 
initially be an integration facility, which means that all the board will be done in India, 
shipped to our subsidiary in Germany, and they will integrate into the final product. 
 
So this is a step towards increasing the export. My exports have increased by 26% last year. 
CAGR of three years is 19%. And believe you me, neither Europe nor America is going at 
that pace. So this is to address a potential business market segment in Western Europe. That 
we have beefed up our presence in Germany. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. So there are no plans of moving to manufacturing, right? Only the integration part, 
right? 
J S Gujral: 
Yes, we have a prototype line over there to do the MPIs. We have currently no plans of doing 
the bulk-scale manufacturing. But if there's a business opportunity and it's profitable to me, 
whether I do it over here by putting up a line or I do it in Germany. The only thing is, in 
Germany, the costs are more. So it logically doesn't make sense to do the large-scale 
production where manual intervention is high. So hence, I believe that we'll start with 
integration. But logic says that it will convert into a full-scale manufacturing in the years to 
come. It's a normal logic. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question. And I'll hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
J S Gujral: 
I thought there was another question coming. Before I give my closing comments, I'll ask 
Satendra to share his small view on this, summarize view on this, and then I'll close it off. 
Satendra Singh: 
Thank you, Gujral ji, and thank you everyone on the call. I think we had a very busy quarter. 
As indicated by the growth, and we expect to continue the similar growth in the years to 
come. Clearly, I think we are at a stage wherein, as a company, we are investing for future, 
like as indicated in many data points and also comments made by Gujral ji and Bijay on the 
investments we are making in the equipment. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
Whether it is the SMT capacity, I think we doubled the capacity. I think Gujralji has said it in 
the call today and very clearly. So whatever capacity the company created over initial 30 plus 
years, we have created same capacity in last one year. So we are doubling the capacity 
effectively in last one year. That prepares us to deal with the business which is coming in. 
 
We are continuing to invest in the talent, bringing in more professional on board. And we are 
continuing to invest on optimizing our processes. Because as we go through this growth 
journey, we should ensure that our processes are strong and they are ready for the future. 
Because what we have clearly is a very solid road ahead of us. 
 
And we are doing everything we can to make sure that we deliver on the commitment we 
have made. And the indications we have given during this call today. I would say thank you 
very much for your support. And back to Gujralji again. 
J S Gujral: 
Thank you, Satendra. I think Satendra has swelled in on all aspects of the business. I would 
like to restate that management is very focused on building a long-term sustainable business. 
Hiccups when you grow at 50%, 55% CAGR over three years will happen. Ideally, they 
should not happen, but they will happen. 
 
And they will have impact, more negative impact than positive impact because of the 
hiccups. As we have stabilized the growth rate and the teams have gained the confidence of 
managing growth rate upwards of 40%, 45% year-on-year, I think the teams are now focused 
on bringing in operational efficiencies and the cost of the growth. 
 
Please appreciate that when you grow from a small base at such a scorching pace, 
efficiencies are the first casualty. And efficiencies will be both operating and on cost of 
materials. Going forward, I think we are now well-placed to take benefit of the base which 
we have created. And the management is focused on a high growth trajectory with stable 
margins in the business. Exports would continue to be a forte. 
 
And as I shared, not many companies from India have a $100 million export, independent 
TMS companies like us. A Foxconn can do by exporting the Apple phone. But an 
independent company like us, I don't think there would be many companies who have that 
level of exports. And we expect the exports to continue to grow at this pace of 20-odd 
percent, maybe higher in the coming years. 
 
MedTech [79:13] will be one of the significant contributors to the bottom line in the coming 
years. As I said, we have set up a design center in Pune primarily focused at MedTech 
specialty. We are very cautious of our social responsibility. And we have internal plans of 
how do we reduce the carbon footprint. And this is being monitored on a monthly basis. 
 
So we are here to create an organization which will grow at a rate of 40% with stable profit 
and be mindful of the social responsibilities of the – towards the society. With this, I say a 
big thank you to all of you for supporting us and look forward to this continued journey with 
you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Avendus Park, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited  
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
