 
June 4, 2024 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
            To,  
Corporate Relationship Department                           Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited                                                                             National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street                                                        Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No. C-1, 
Mumbai — 400 001                                                               G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
                                                                                                      Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code:  532875                                                              Scrip Symbol: ADSL 
 
Sub: Transcripts of Conference Call pertaining to financial results for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2024   
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"), we are submitting the Transcripts of Conference Call held on 
Monday, May 27, 2024, in respect of the financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024.   
 
The same can also be viewed at https://www.allieddigital.net/in/earning-conference-call 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Allied Digital Services Limited 
 
 
 
_______________________ 
Nehal Shah 
Director 
DIN: 02766841 
 
NEHAL 
SHAH
Digitally signed 
by NEHAL SHAH 
Date: 2024.06.04 
16:50:50 +05'30'

 
 
Allied Digital Services Limited 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
May 27, 2024 
Call Duration 
 
49 minutes and 31 seconds 
Management Attendees 
 
Mr. Nitin D Shah, Founder, Chairman & Managing Director 
 
Mr. Nehal Shah, Whole-time Director 
 
Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO  
 
Mr. Gopal Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer 
Participants during Q&A 
session 
 
Narendra – Robo Capital 
 
Divyang – Navkar 
 
Pratik Dedhia – Individual Investor 
 
Tushar Vausja – Yogya Capital 
 
Shweta – Vogabe Advisors 
 
Sameera Middha – Individual Investor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Allied Digital Services 
Limited's Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and anyone who wishes to ask a question may 
enter star and one on their touchtone phone. To remove yourself from 
the queue, you may please enter star and two. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining 
us on Allied Digital Services Limited's earnings call for the Fourth Quarter 
of Financial Year 2023-'24.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Nitin Shah, Founder and CMD, Mr. 
Nehal Shah, Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sunil Bhatt, Board Member and 
Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Paresh Shah, Global CEO and Mr. Gopal 
Tiwari, Chief Financial Officer. We also have Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan 
on today's call. 
We will open with comments from the Chairman, following which Mr. 
Nehal Shah will cover recent developments across the business. Mr. 
Paresh Shah will then cover the operational performance and order wins, 
followed by Mr. Gopal Tiwari, who will walk us through the financial 
highlights. Thereafter, we shall open the call for the Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements 
made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the earnings documents that have been 
shared with all of you earlier.  
I would now like to hand over the floor to our Chairman, Mr. Nitin Shah, 
for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir.  
Nitin Shah: 
Thank you, Mayank. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for taking 
time out to attend our earnings call.  
The first important thing that I would like to announce, we are very 
pleased to give 30% dividend this year to all our investors and 
shareholders. A very important milestone about our company this year is 
that we are completing 40 years, so we have come a long way, starting 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 3 of 19 
from 1984, before the PC era, where we were supporting mainframe 
computers, to what you are seeing today, which I consider is the post-PC 
era, because people are using now access devices like tablets, notebook, 
mobile phone and all to do business transactions. 
 
We have done very well in Indian territory, very good wins, hiring recruits, 
though we are very cautiously growing and we have selected only those 
kind of deals, which help us making our bottom line more powerful. As 
always, we are not too much top line driven company and we are quite 
satisfied and we have been able to get 15% of EBITDA margin in Indian 
business, which we are now aiming to improve and increase up to 20%.  
Important thing that we have done in last quarter is that we have 
renamed ADiTaaS, which is a ‘Software-as-a-Service’ (SaaS) kind of 
platform, which is very important for us. We have renamed it as ‘Digital 
Desk’ and have added a lot of features on artificial intelligence and 
automation. As you know that the world is changing very fast, the 
productivity tools are also becoming more and more powerful and the 
latest innovation, which is coming from Google, Microsoft and all, in 
terms of using generative AI, prompt engineering and LLM, so we are 
incorporating those features to make our ADiTaaS platform, which is now 
renamed as ‘Digital Desk’, more robust, which will help our client to do a 
lot of automation. 
 
Now I am introducing Mr. Ramanan Ramanathan, who will be talking 
about himself. He has been working in our company to have a strategic 
role in terms of expansion globally, our company, and bringing a lot of 
innovations in the business model. Mr. Raman, you can introduce 
yourself. 
Ramanan Ramanathan: Thank you, Nitinji. It's wonderful to be part of this particular call and 
thank you everyone for joining in. As mentioned by Nitinji, I'm delighted 
to be part of the strategic team of Allied Digital. 
 
By way of background, some of you may know me, but I've been the 
Mission Director for the Atal Innovation Mission, which was a national 
mission to drive innovation and entrepreneurship across the length and 
breadth of the country. I was an Additional Secretary at the NITI Aayog 
and this particular mission, the Atal Innovation Mission, was the direct 
responsibility of the PMO, the Prime Minister's Office. And essentially 
over the last six, seven years, I've been actively associated with how you 
ensure innovation, entrepreneurship, not just in governmental 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 4 of 19 
organizations, but also in the private sector, in universities, in schools, in 
NGO institutions, and in large corporates. 
 
Before that, I was the managing director and CEO of CMC Limited. Some 
of you would be aware that CMC was Computer Maintenance 
Corporation, was a Government of India organization that was acquired 
by the Tata Group in 2001. And I led it as the MD and CEO until 2016, 
when it was amalgamated into TCS. And I've been part of TCS since 1981, 
when I joined the company. I superannuated from TCS in 2021, as the 
senior vice president of the company.  
So that's my background. And as Nitinji said, there is a tremendous 
opportunity for infrastructure management services, as well as related IT 
services in the next few years, as a result of all the changes that are 
happening in technology. And with AI-powered systems and AI-driven 
infrastructure management services, the future looks exciting. And I hope 
to play a contributory role in the growth of Allied Digital. 
Nitin Shah: 
Thank you, Mr. Ramanan. Now I'll hand it over to Mr. Nehal to speak 
about the operational aspect of Allied Digital. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon to everyone. Thank you for taking time to 
join our earnings call. I trust that all of you had a chance to review our 
earnings documents, which were shared earlier.  
I would like to begin by highlighting a significant milestone in our journey. 
We recently completed our 40th anniversary as an organization. From 
simple beginnings and through many stages of evolution, we have grown 
to serve global and multinational clients, as well as emerge as pioneers in 
the Smart City space. This transition reflects a deep commitment to 
innovation, excellence, and our ability to adapt to the ever-changing 
landscape. 
 
Moving to the operational highlights, I am pleased to report that the 
business environment in India continues to be buoyant, as we indicated 
in the previous call. Towards the end of the quarter, the upcoming 
election season did cause some slowing of decision-making in the short 
term, which we believe will carry forward into quarter one. Thereafter, 
we are confident that the awarding of government projects will resume. 
We have reported a number of new wins and renewals, which have 
enabled us to add orders worth over Rs. 300 crore in quarter four.  

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 5 of 19 
Customers in global markets are feeling pressure of the overall macro 
environment, with concerns around intensifying inflation combined with 
related uncertainty driving belt tightening. As a result, even as business 
opportunities continue to be abundant, customers are indicating highly 
aggressive expectations in terms of pricing, which is resulting in a 
mismatch of sorts and elongating the decision-making cycle. As 
expectations are rebalanced on both sides of the value chain, we believe 
that activity levels will begin to pick up once more.  
Another key development to highlight this quarter has been the 
rebranding of our SaaS platform ADiTaaS to Digital Desk. And we expect 
these refreshed offerings, which continues to see upgrades and 
enhancements, to enjoy greater recognition and adoption by the 
potential customers. Our teams have been actively deploying these tools 
across operations, contributing to our development momentum.  
Coming to our performance of Q4 FY24, we reported consolidated 
revenues of Rs. 177 crore, growing 4% on a quarter-over-quarter basis. 
Within this, the growth in our domestic business has been a strong 
double-digit kind of growth, and the outlook remains buoyant. However, 
given the backdrop in global markets that I just covered, especially the 
US, the blended growth is more moderate. The revenue split by 
geography shows the clear outperformance of the India business, which 
has grown 33% year-over-year in Q4 FY24 and by 51% year-over-year in 
FY24 the whole year. 
 
The revenue split by segment reflects a strong momentum in the 
solutions business, which constituted 21% of our revenues in Q4 FY24, 
compared to 12% in Q4 FY23. This has been driven by the progress of 
smart city projects in Lucknow and Solapur, which have moved into the 
advanced implementation stage. As a result, the revenue split by 
customer type shows that revenues from government customers 
constitute around 21% of our overall revenues in Q4 FY24 compared to 
13% in Q4 FY23. 
Before I close, I would like to share that we are also seeing interesting 
opportunities emerging in the Middle East. We believe the markets here 
are attractive and customers are in the right mindset towards 
digitalization and next-gen technologies. Earlier this month, we have 
incorporated a subsidiary company, Allied Smart IT Infrastructure 
Services LLC and set up a sales office in Dubai. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 6 of 19 
With that, I would like to hand over to our Global CEO, Mr. Paresh Shah, 
to share key insights about the operational performance and key 
developments during the quarter. 
Paresh Shah: 
Thank you, Nehal. A very good afternoon to everyone. I will now brief you 
through the operational performance and key developments during this 
quarter.  
A key highlight to this quarter has been our ability to generate additional 
revenues from existing customers, a practice we refer to as ‘Farming’. 
This success has been aided by a steady pace of renewals. Additionally, 
we have a healthy pipeline of deals totaling approximately $26 million in 
TCV, with a projected closure in the next three to six months. 
During this quarter, we secured several significant orders, which I will 
walk through them.  
First, a bank, a subsidiary of a Spanish group, headquartered out of 
Boston, has selected Allied Digital to provide managed services for the 
bank and consumer's field services support organization. Operating in the 
northeastern United States, this bank offers a wide range of financial 
services, including personal and business banking, commercial banking, 
and wealth management. Our scope includes on-site dedicated resources 
for pre-defined locations and dispatch to branches as required. 
Additionally, we are setting up a walk-up support, a Genius Bar, Tech Bar, 
and a Kiosk support to enhance the user experience.  
Next, a subsidiary of BP Americas focused on oil and natural gas 
exploration and production has selected Allied Digital, and it is 
headquartered in Denver, Colorado. And operating primarily in Texas and 
Louisiana, this customer requests streamlined production technology 
support, including PCs, laptops, regularized handheld devices, IoT 
devices, sensors, and SCADA endpoints. We are also performing a 
technology refresh project in the first three months to upgrade their 
devices and software.  
The third important one also, additionally, we won a contract with a 
global infrastructure firm headquartered in Dallas, Texas. This customer 
provides design, engineering, construction and management services 
across several sectors, such as transportation, water energy, and 
environment projects. They have chosen Allied Digital to provide 
Managed Services for 20,000 end users in the Asia-Pacific region, 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 7 of 19 
spanning 17 countries. Our scope includes deskside support, smart hands 
support, on-demand dispatch and asset management. 
Lastly, to add, we have partnered with Enercon, a leading German wind 
turbine manufacturer headquartered in Aurich, Germany known for their 
pioneering technology and innovative designs. Enercon specializes in the 
development, production and maintenance of wind energy converters. 
We also will streamline their IT operations in the German production 
facilities, providing factory IT support, corporate support and remote 
support for all their European offices.  
These order wins highlight our commitment to deliver comprehensive 
and innovative solutions to our clients across various industries and 
regions.  
Talking about India, in January 2024, we were selected as an MSI for 
integrating CCTV surveillance with the existing ITMS control room for the 
Ayodhya Smart City project. This project gained a lot of prominence, 
including setting up a multi-location CCTV surveillance system. The 
capital expenditure and implementation phase is expected in the next 
three months, followed by a five-year operational and maintenance 
period.  
In February 2024, we received a Letter of Intent for Taloja Smart 
Industrial City contract in Navi, Mumbai. This groundbreaking initiative 
will span an 18-month implementation phase, followed by a 60-month 
operations and maintenance period. The product ranges from the CCTV 
surveillance command and control center, and also it includes the 
corporate headquarters, as well as the industry township. The ICCC 
software will seamlessly integrate with a cloud-based data center and 
disaster recovery system. Additionally, the project involves deploying a 
cutting-edge CCTV-based surveillance system to enhance security and 
monitoring capability.  
These order wins underline our commitment to deliver comprehensive 
solutions in the smart city domain also. 
Next, I am pleased to share that we have also witnessed significant 
traction in our Cybersecurity offerings with the addition of new 
customers towards the end of this quarter. As you know, we have been 
strengthening our partnerships with large IT service firms and global 
consulting firms to jointly serve customers. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 8 of 19 
 
These partnerships have led to a significant inflow of new customers, 
including several marquee global names. Over the past two or three 
years, we have built a richer client mix and a more comprehensive track 
record. Now we are refining our direct sales and marketing channels in 
further expanding our business this year. 
 
As mentioned by Nehal, we are optimistic about the opportunities in the 
pipeline. Although delays in customer decisions have extended the time 
to close contracts in recent months, we expect to see better traction in 
the IT business. The momentum in the US market is likely to be 
accompanied by growing interest in the European and APAC markets in 
the coming quarters. 
 
With that, I would like to hand it over to our CFO, Mr. Gopal Tiwari, to 
cover the financial highlights for the quarter under review. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Thank you, Paresh bhai, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll now quickly 
cover the financial highlights for the period under review.  
For Q4 FY24, consolidated revenue was Rs. 177 crore, higher by 4% on a 
Q-o-Q basis from Rs. 171 crore in Q3 FY24 and higher by 6% Y-o-Y from 
Rs. 166 crore in Q4 FY23. 
 
Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 24 crore as compared to Rs. 
21 crore in Q3 FY24. Consolidated EBITDA was higher by 30% on a Y-o-Y 
basis from Rs. 19 crore in Q4 FY23. We have reported an improved 
EBITDA margin of 14% in Q4 FY24, higher than 12% in Q3 FY24 and 11% 
in Q4 FY23. 
 
Profit after tax for Q4 FY24 was Rs. 17 crore as compared to Rs. 12 crore 
in Q3 FY24 and Rs. 10 crore in Q4 FY23.  
As Nitin bhai just mentioned, I am pleased to inform you that the Board 
of our company have declared the highest ever dividend at a rate of 30% 
for the year ended 31st March 2024. 
The bright spot in our financials this year has been the strong 
performance of the India business. This is best represented by our stand-
alone financial performance for FY24. Stand-alone revenue were Rs. 287 
crore, a 36% increase from Rs. 210 crore last year. EBITDA was Rs. 43 
crore, up by 113% from Rs. 20 crore. EBITDA margin was 15% compared 
to 10% in FY23. Profit after tax was Rs. 22 crore as compared to Rs. 9 crore 
in FY23, higher by 138% Y-o-Y basis. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 9 of 19 
Now due to project-based funding requirements, gross debt increased to 
about Rs. 60 crore as against Rs. 51 crore at the end of FY23. The liquid 
cash position has improved to Rs. 127 crore compared to Rs. 77 crore as 
of last year and increased by Rs. 50 crore. We continue to be debt-free 
on a net basis since last year and our net cash position has improved to 
Rs. 67 crore against Rs. 26 crore end of the last year. 
In our pursuit of continued working capital efficiency, DSOs have further 
reduced to 81 days as against 84 days last year and we will endeavor to 
improve this further.  
With this solid financial foundation, we are well-equipped to fund our 
growth initiatives and deliver sustainable value to our stakeholders.  
Thank you. I'll now ask the moderator to open the forum for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. The first question is from the line of Narendra 
from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Narendra: 
Congratulations on a good set of margin performance. So my first 
question would be is this margin sustainable and if yes, where do we go 
from here? In the next couple of years, how much more improvement is 
possible if you could give an idea about that? 
Nitin Shah: 
I think we are quite satisfied with the kind of current margin, but our 
aspiration, our aim is to take it up to 20%. More and more higher-income 
projects we try to plug in. I'm sure we'll be able to improve our margins. 
15% what we have achieved looks good from current market.  
Narendra: 
And my second question is regarding our revenues, they have been 
constant over the past few quarters. We had an ambition of Rs. 1,000 
crore by FY25-26 end I guess. So, when do we expect that run rate to 
come in and also we had a few deals that were expected to be signed in 
Q4? So, where are we on that and any idea when the Rs. 250 odd crore 
kind of revenue could come in every quarter?  
Nehal Shah: 
So, Narendra, we haven't changed our target of the Rs. 1,000 crore in the 
next 2 years. We are still on that from the operations perspective, I don't 
see that we should not be reaching there. However, deals that are there 
in the global market are taking a little bit more time to close. We are in 
the advanced negotiation stages with few of them and hopefully we'll 
have some wins probably either this quarter or next quarter.  

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 10 of 19 
While I just spoke about the Middle East operations that we started in 
Dubai there also we are talking an advanced stage with a large bank, and 
we should be able to get some news on that probably by this month end 
or mid of next month. So, we are absolutely on target to reach the  
Rs. 1,000 crore market. And I don't see that not happening in the next 
two years. 
Narendra: 
Okay. All right. Just to clarify so the deals are getting postponed it is not 
that it is being given to someone else or something like that. 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes. So, deals are getting postponed. So, incumbent vendor is getting 
extension maybe by 3 months or 6 months. That's why the delay is there. 
Because of the uncertainty in the US and the inflation is running so high 
and US also going in elections this year people are just keeping a tight 
watch on what is going to happen.  
So, sometimes they are just extending the contract of their current 
incumbent vendor by a quarter or two and they are still negotiating with 
us to get a better perspective, but I am sure that that should stabilize in 
the coming one or two quarters and we should be getting in both orders. 
While the inquiries are still strong. So, if you look at our pipeline, the 
pipeline is growing and there is no shortage of inquiries that are coming 
in.  
So whenever you get a new customer there is a price and margin pressure 
that is going to be there and we are always on the task to make sure that 
our margins are kept intact and we just don't pick up orders with low 
margins. That's our strategy and I think we will continue to do that. 
Narendra: 
Okay. And in your opening remarks you mentioned that you had a USD26 
million pipeline to be executed over 3 to 6 months, am I right I heard that 
right? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, yes so that pipeline that we spoke is only from the US perspective in 
the near short term deals that doesn't cover the Indian pipeline that we 
have. So, the pipeline put together in the next one or two quarters is 
going to be more than that, but we are in advanced negotiation stages 
everywhere.  
For example, like the Indian government, there are close to about two or 
three tenders that we have already applied for but are awaiting a result. 
Because of the elections everything is pushed post-mid of June. So, we 
will see a lot of traction in the next quarter, and we'll keep you guys 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 11 of 19 
updated as and when we have got significant wins we'll have press 
releases done accordingly. 
Narendra: 
So, keeping in mind the current status of your operations and the current 
orders that we have what kind of revenue growth can we see this year, if 
you could provide us? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, generally we don't give you the growth perspective. The idea is to, of 
course, outdo what we have been doing for the previous 3 years 4 years 
and we will continue to do that. And that's what the target is. While 
internally, we have got very uppish targets, but for the market we've tried 
to make sure that we outdo what we've been doing for the previous 3 
years, 4 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Divyang from Navkar. 
Please go ahead. 
Divyang: 
Yes, I was just asking one question. What is the current order book at the 
end of FY24, total order book in hand to be executed? 
Gopal Tiwari: 
Actually speaking, the kind of businesses we are in, we don't maintain 
such a typical order book position, because we have got a lot of Farming 
goes on.  
Nehal Shah: 
So, thanks Gopal Ji. I’ll just take that up. So, Divyang, the problem with 
our kind of business is that I cannot give you a concrete order book. 
Because if a number that I spill out now, most of the time, we have seen 
that our investors divide that number over three or five years. But what 
happens during the course of the year is that we do a lot of Farming, that 
is getting more business from our existing customers. 
There are projects that come up, which are not a plan of that order book, 
because those projects come, some of them are short-term projects, 
which get over within a quarter or within two quarters. So, coming up 
with an order book number, we have seen typically, it doesn't give the 
correct picture. So, instead of that, what we are focusing on is to outdo 
our previous growth, is what we are telling to all our investors. 
Because I can tell you a number right away, but that number will not 
make any sense. Reason is because the orders that we have won over the 
years, there are a lot of billing that also keeps on happening. And because 
of that, an accurate number is always a challenge. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 12 of 19 
Divyang: 
Okay, but normally, each and every IT company provides order book in 
hand. If it is not possible, then how can we judge what is the order book 
and if that much percentage is going to execute it? How can we take a 
target for the year? 
Nehal Shah: 
I can give you a number. Yes, I can give you a number setting we currently 
have about Rs. 1,400 crore of order books in hand. But what will happen 
that will not be correctly said if I say that it will be executed in the next 
few years. So, the reason being because during the year, we will have a 
lot of renewals that will take place. And that number I cannot add in this 
current order book. And the new orders that we win over the year will 
also not be added in this. 
Nitin Shah: 
I would put it in this way. We have a lot of annuity business and that is 
making our company very strong financially. So, at the beginning of the 
year, we have a certain business already booked. For example, Rs. 1,400 
crore that we talked about is I think almost booked for three to four 
years. And all the effort that we put in currently is going to only add up 
there because we do only annuity business, services business. In US, we 
don't supply product. So, we have a very good pipeline currently and all 
any business that we will get from now onwards will be addition to that 
pipeline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
So, in your presentation you, in your opening remarks, you mentioned 
that you are looking to increase the margins on the government contract. 
Can you give a little bit more idea how is that going to happen? What 
factors are going to lead to increased margins on the government 
project? And also, second part is, are there any payment issues 
government long term? 
Nitin Shah: 
So, second part I'll tell you, because being in the industry for 40 years, I 
can tell you, we never used to earlier about a decade back, used to work 
with government. Things have got completely changed now. They cannot 
stop payment of ours, provided we meet the deadlines or SLAs. And there 
is a compulsion. So, I think it's far superior and better. The right kind of 
company would always get the payment. So, though we do very selective 
government contract and government new business very cautiously, and 
we have not lost even single money till now, in last almost about 10 years. 
So, that is number 2.  

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 13 of 19 
Number 1, when we bid for government tender, there is stringent pre-
qualification requirement. So, the number of players are not so many. So, 
we feel that when to win that, probably capex we might have to put if 
required so, and we might have to be very competitive. But subsequently, 
5 years, that's where we earn money. 
 
So, operation and maintenance is our forte, and we have been providing 
unmatched support to all our existing customers. So, we are trying to 
figure out that we try to put more margins for the subsequent 5 years. 
That's how we are working on that. 
Nehal Shah: 
Just to add to what Sir said, apart from the government business, the 
increase in EBITDA and other margins will happen when we start selling 
our software product ‘Digital Desk’, which is just recently renamed and 
rebranded. And we are seeing a lot of traction on that happening from a 
margin perspective.  
And from payment, I just wanted to add one more thing that all the 
projects that we are doing currently are from the Homeland Security 
perspective. So, it's for the security of the nation that the projects are 
getting implemented. So, the government understands and they realize 
that if there are any payment delays, and some of the things are not 
functioning because of that, it will cause a huge chaos if there is an 
incident that occurs. So, they are also very, very proactive when it comes 
to payment release. Rather, we have seen that most of the times even 
the government authorities are very quick in responding to any kind of 
queries that we have regarding payments. And the payments generally 
are absolutely on time. When I say on-time is that when we raise a bill, 
we generally get it anywhere between 60-90 days. That’s how it is. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay, got it. All right. So, my second question to follow up, you mentioned 
that you generate margins on the O&M part. So, are there specific O&M 
contracts also being where you are bidding for the projects that you 
implemented and outside of projects that you probably not 
implemented, but there are O&M contracts also being the - there are 
options going on for O&M contracts as well. So, that is what I wanted to 
understand. 
Nehal Shah: 
That's a good question, Pratik. We constantly keep on harping that O&M 
is our core strength. IMS business is the core strength that we have been 
doing for years altogether. And there are a lot of large opportunities that 
are coming to us for O&M of the already executed projects by some other 
vendors. So, however, we are being picky and choosy regarding which 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 14 of 19 
ones to apply for. But you are right, there are a lot of opportunities at 
hand. 
 
And we are the right partner that most of our competitors also feel when 
it comes to doing the O&M because the O&M that we have done for our 
existing projects has been absolutely outstanding. Continuously giving 
more than 98%, 99% uptime quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year for the 
last 8, 10 years has shown our strength when it comes to O&M. So, I hope 
I have answered your question. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
In your existing projects which you are implementing for the government, 
on the O&M side, once the O&M part gets over, say suppose you have an 
execution project of CCTV cameras, where you have done say 2, 3 years 
of implementation and then post that 5 years of O&M is completed. Do 
you get automatic O&M after that as well or the government takes over? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, in most cases, generally what happens is government tends to extend. 
For example, in our Pune project, which we had for 5 years, the 5 years 
got over way back in 2021. But after that we have supported for next 4 
years. 
 
And we see that trend continuing in all the existing projects as well. The 
only issue comes up when after 9 or 10 years, most of your hardware that 
you have implemented goes to the end of life is when they come up with 
a new RFP. But other than that, we see that the extension of O&M 
generally tends to take place with the incumbent vendor year-over-year. 
 
So, that's not a challenge. And the more O&M gets extended, it is 
beneficial for us. We can better our margins. As we get a large scale, so a 
period of 8 or 9 or 10 years helps us in improving our margins as well. And 
that's why you see that a lot of our margins in India business have 
improved. The EBITDA has improved over years. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Got it. Okay. And can you give some ballpark on O&M contract margin if 
that's possible? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, generally the gross margin are anywhere ranging from 25%-35%. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
And EBITDA level? 
Nehal Shah: 
EBITDA level, I will have to come back to you. Maybe in the range of mid-
teens. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 15 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Vasuja from Yogya 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
So, thank you for the opportunity. I just had one question, sir. We have 
some Rs. 130 odd crore of cash in our hands. I just want to know how we 
are planning to utilize that? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, there are two things Tushar that we have. One is, of course, we have 
kept those reserves for any large contracts that we get, either from 
government or from international contracts. So, we can invest that 
money and we don't have to run around to raise the capital. Apart from 
that, other thing, if that is happening, other than that, we are also 
constantly looking at inorganic growth avenues. So, if something 
significant comes up, we could be using that cash to do that as well. So, 
inorganic growth is like doing any kind of acquisition. 
Tushar Vasuja: 
Okay. And do you have any opportunity in mind right now, speaking of 
inorganic growth? Are you looking at some other vendors? 
Nehal Shah: 
Yes. So, we've kept our eyes and ears open for companies in Cyber 
Security and in the Cloud arena. If we get something significant, which 
suits our business lineup and our growth, we will go forward for it. Right 
now, it's in a very novice stage. Once we have something more significant, 
we will share it with our investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Shweta from Vogabe 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shweta: 
Yes. So, first of all, I would like to congratulate the whole team for the 
journey so far. My first question is, as we see from the balance sheet, 
there is a debt gone up. So, why the reason behind this? Can you please 
explain? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, ma'am, most of the debt that has gone up is regarding the project 
loans that we have taken to execute our smart city projects. So, those are 
all working capital or short-term debts, which project loans, which will 
reduce as soon as we go live with the project and start getting the money 
back. So, otherwise, we are completely net debt-free, and we don't 
intend to have any long-term loans in the company. 
Shweta: 
Okay, because we are seeing that the cash balance is also increasing. But 
at the same time, the debt has also gone up. That's why the question is. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 16 of 19 
So, another question is, that is the reason that cash balance is increasing, 
and debt is also gone up?  
Nehal Shah: 
No. So, debt is only for project loans. 
Shweta: 
How come the cash balance so increased? 
Nehal Shah: 
Ma'am, this cash balance is on a consolidated balance sheet perspective. 
So, there is some cash lying in our US subsidiary also and some with us as 
well. And we have kept this money to make sure that if there is any large 
opportunity that comes up, we don't have to run around to take money. 
However, for doing our regular business, at times when we want to work 
on multiple projects, if there are any projects that come up and there, we 
see a finite period of time that we require cash, we go to the bank and 
we take short-term project loans. And that keeps our watch list always 
ready so that if there is anything that comes up, we can leap on it. 
Gopal Tiwari: 
To add to that, we are into that smart city projects. The ticket size for 
those projects is generally in hundreds of crore. So, we want to keep 
ourselves always prepared to take care of any eventuality, any sudden 
win or anything coming to our lap. So, we should not be running here and 
there to get the funding at the last moment. So, that gives us a lot of 
confidence in bidding for large projects also. 
Shweta: 
Okay. So, my next question is, as our understanding that smart city 
businesses gives 12% margin and as you talk in your earlier commentary 
that India's business giving margin of 15%. So, what is Allied doing 
differently to realize this margin? 
Nehal Shah: 
I am not sure from where the 12% margin of smart city has come in. We 
have always been stating that smart city has been a good churn of 
margins for us. The reason for us to get a better margin is that we do not 
use any third party. We have our core team who will go and implement 
the projects. The O&M is also done by ourselves. We have people 
onboarded on our payroll. We do not outsource any of these activities. 
That gives us a lot of leverage in improving and increasing our margins. 
Shweta: 
Okay. So, my next question is has billing started on Taloja and Ayodhya 
smart city orders or there was a part second order for Ayodhya, so when 
can we expect that? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, ma'am for newer projects like phase two and other things we will 
have to wait for second quarter once the government is formed. Until 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 17 of 19 
then there is a silent period that is going on right now. So, more about it 
probably in the next quarter meeting that we have. We will give you an 
update.  
Regarding the billing, yes, we have done close to about 8%, 10% of our 
billing for both the projects put together in the last quarter.  
Shweta: 
Why has ADiTaaS been rebranded? What is the customer traction there 
and will it be made into a separate company? 
Paresh Shah: 
Yes. So, ADiTaaS has been rebranded to ‘Digital Desk’. We see a lot of 
traction. We have 100 plus customers directly and indirectly on ADiTaaS. 
Okay, either they are buying our services or bundling the product directly 
and this is all global. So, we see a lot of traction. We wanted to focus more 
on our brand. We have named this. So, that's why it's a ‘Digital Desk’.  
I'll also update you that the last quarter has been more focused on 
enhancing the product line also into AI where we have both come up with 
conversational AI as well as generative AI. This is primarily to improve the 
end-user productivity in terms of automation of workflows and processes 
and we see that this broad platform will take up another leap for ‘Digital 
Desk’, which is now renamed now. 
Nitin Shah: 
Very importantly, ADiTaaS where we used to talk people were not able 
to understand. They used to mix up with Adidas. So, it was slightly difficult 
to pronounce it and to remember. So, we opened this new name contest 
to all our employees. The best opinion which came was a service desk. It 
looks very relevant today.  I'm sorry, ‘Digital Desk’ because everything 
that we do digital on that automation and all. So, I think we thought all of 
us were in sync to say that let's rename that as ‘Digital Desk’. So, it was a 
very conscious moment. Nothing to do with that we want to offshoot or 
hive out or something at the moment. 
Shweta: 
Okay. And my last question is can there be a further improvement in 
debtor days?  
Gopal Tiwari: 
Yes. So, we have improved a lot in the last few years. So, we have this 
year also this year also we have further reduced from 84 to 81 days and 
our endeavor is always there to improve it further.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sameera Middha, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 18 of 19 
Sameera Middha: 
Hello, sir. Very good afternoon. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. So, 
I can see in the investor presentation that this quarter we received two 
smart city projects and so far, we have completed 14 projects? 
Nitin Shah: 
Correct. 
Nehal Shah: 
So, we have completed 12 and addition to this is the 2 new wins so 12 
and 2 is equal to 14. 
Sameera Middha: 
So, sir I want to know what is the opportunity size do you see in the smart 
city project in the next 2 years to 3 years. I mean what is the outlook that 
you have seen regarding the tenders, and have you applied for any of the 
tenders? 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Sameera, for joining in. I will just answer that quickly. I had 
previously stated in my call as well that we see a lot of traction coming 
up in the smart city space, if you remember 10 years back, Mr. Modi had 
announced 100 smart cities. The next phase to that is going to be 1,000 
more small-towns rather than cities which will become smart. So, we are 
seeing that every city would be in the range of Rs. 30 to Rs. 50 crore. So, 
that leads us to an opportunity of about Rs. R50,000 crore to work on in 
the next five years. And I think that's the market size or that's the kind of 
size that we are looking at currently. 
And from further smart city projects perspective, quarter one was a little 
silent period due to elections. So, there are a lot of new smart cities that 
are going to be coming up in the pipeline for which our team has already 
started working on. And we will be starting to apply for those or rather 
bidding for those tenders in the second quarter, June, July, August. 
Sameera Middha: 
And how many other players are also there in the same field? I mean, I 
want to know the competitive intensity in the bidding. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you. So, that's again a good question. Typically, we see five or six 
of these large companies who bid for these kinds of contracts. Some of 
them to name are L&T, KEC, NEC. Honeywell are the ones that bid 
alongside us and we compete. In some cases, we compete with them. In 
some cases, we bid jointly with them. So, it's a quite sorted market, not 
more than six, seven players we have seen so far working and bidding on 
this kind of large projects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 Q4 & FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript  
Page 19 of 19 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Okay. Thanks for the opportunity again. I wanted to understand on the 
data center side. So, what are you doing and what are the future projects 
that you're looking at on the data center side? 
Nitin Shah: 
So, you talk about we providing data center services or we provide data 
center build. So, we are very much active when it comes to build and 
operate as far as data center is concerned. But we are not going to be in 
the market where we build our own data center like another Hyperscale 
or very large players and compete with them. 
It's a highly capital-intensive business and we do a lot of skill intensive 
business. So, every data center, anybody else makes it, we will be there 
to support them or build them. So, we are in the data center on the build 
side of it, not in terms of owning and renting it out. I hope I'm understood. 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Yes. And do you provide data center services as well? 
Nehal Shah: 
So, we generally, for example, for all our smart cities, we have built data 
centers and command centers at the respective locations. So, typically, 
even for enterprise customers, we do manage their existing data centers 
and even if they want to go on the cloud journey, we have them in that 
migration journey as well. So, yes, all of that we do. The only thing as 
rightly said by our Chairman is that we don't intend to get into the 
business of owning data centers and give those data centers out on rent.  
Nitin Shah: 
Two decades of practice on building data centers and we have got very 
large clients for whom we have built data centers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you for your participation and engagement during this call. If you 
have any additional questions or require further information about our 
company, please reach out to our team or contact CDR India. We look 
forward to interacting again in the next quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Allied Digital Services Limited, concludes this conference. We 
thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited 
without changing much of the content, for enhancing the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared/discussed on the call. 
