 
 
 
Ref. No.: ABSLAMCL/PS/31/2024-25        
                                                                     May 3, 2024        
 
BSE Limited                                               
                        National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
 
                        Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Dalal Street Mumbai - 400 001  
 
                        Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374   
 
 
                        Bandra Kurla Complex, 
  
 
 
 
 
                                    Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
                                                                                                 Symbol: ABSLAMC 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and financial year ended  
March 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024, held on Saturday, April 27, 2024.  
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Company 
at 
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com/shareholders/financials. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prateek Savla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS 29500 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Prateek 
Mahesh 
Savla
Digitally signed by 
Prateek Mahesh 
Savla 
Date: 2024.05.03 
17:53:52 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
  
 
“Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT TEAMS: 
 
 
MR. A BALASUBRAMANIAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE – ADITYA BIRLA SUN LIFE AMC LIMITED 
 
MR. PARAG JOGLEKAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ADITYA BIRLA 
SUN LIFE AMC LIMITED 
             MR. PRAKASH BHOGALE – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – ADITYA BIRLA 
SUN LIFE AMC LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY24 and FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call of Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset Management, hosted by InCred Equities. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Yes. Thank you, Yashashree, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I 
welcome all to Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Q4 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Along 
with us, we have Mr. A. Balasubramanian, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Parag Joglekar, 
Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Prakash Bhogale, Head - Investor Relations. We are thankful 
to the management for allowing us this opportunity. 
 
I would now like to hand it over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian, Managing Director and CEO of 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank you, Jignesh, and good morning to everyone. I hope you all had the opportunity to go 
through the earnings presentation, which is available on the stock exchange as well as on our 
website. 
 
Before highlighting the broad economic outlook and providing an update on the Mutual Fund 
industry and ABSLAMC performance for the quarter ending March 2024. I'm happy to share 
that Aditya Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund, being one of the oldest private sector mutual funds in 
the country established in 1994, is gearing towards the completion of three decades of its 
presence as one of the pioneers in the Indian mutual fund industry. We feel proud to serve the 
growing needs of investors in the country and contribute to the largest success of the mutual 
fund industry as one of the highly committed, well-governed mutual fund players. On the  
30th year of our operation, we have set aside our growth path to achieve new milestones in 
respect of all our business verticals and make this year as one of our memorable years for our 
employees, investors, stakeholders, and shareholders. 
 
Let me now begin with the economic outlook and mutual fund industry update. We are in a 
dynamic global landscape with elections happening in numerous nations and territories, 
collectively representing over half of the world population. The global macro picture in the 
early 2024 presents a cautiously optimistic outlook with underlying dynamics influencing 
growth on one side and interest rates on the other side. We believe India will continue to remain 
in a bright spot with strong government funding in building infrastructure, and increased 
investment coming from the private sector, ably supported by high domestic consumption. As 
is known, the Indian economy continues to exhibit resilience with a healthy projected growth 
rate of over 7% in FY '25 supported by stable inflation, interest rates, currency, and rising forex 
reserves. The Indian equity market has consistently outperformed its global counterparts 
reflecting strong fundamentals of the Indian economy and the earnings potential of the 
companies across sectors. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
One should not be concerned with the recent market volatility which largely stems from the 
regulatory and mutual fund industry initiatives on small and midcap segment disclosure, which 
are aimed at enabling investors to make informed decisions. India's strong structural drivers 
and economic fundamentals remain intact, encouraging investors to continue participating in 
growth potential. We also believe that widespread growth will continue to be the driver of our 
market sentiment. 
With respect to the mutual fund industry, as of 31st of March 2024, the quarterly average AUM 
reached ₹54.11 lakh Cr., growing by 34% on a year-on-year basis as compared to ₹40.49 lakh 
Cr. as of 31st March 2023. During the quarter, the mutual fund industry witnessed equity net 
sales of around ₹1.16 lakh Cr. through new fund offerings as well as in existing funds. The 
total NFO collection was around ₹18,900 Cr. and the balance coming from existing equity 
schemes as well as hybrid funds, sectoral, thematic, arbitrage, and multi-asset allocation funds. 
The industry SIP flows grew by 35% year-on-year from ₹14,276 Cr. in March 2023 to  
₹19,271 Cr. in March 2024. The total number of mutual fund folios stood at around  
18 Cr. with an increase of 22% year-on-year with a unique customer base of around  
4.5 Cr. The individual average AUM grew by 43% year-on-year from ₹23.27 lakh Cr. to 
₹33.31 lakh Cr. and contributed 61% of the total AUM. B-30 cities with an average AUM of 
₹9.83 lakh Cr. Accounted for 18% of the total AUM. 
Moving on to ABSLAMC performance, standing on our strong foundational pillars, our focus 
has been to strengthen our main levers of growth in the organization by bringing in the right 
talent and making strategic changes in current leadership roles. Infact our momentum in the 
last quarter is on the back of an uptick in equity performance coupled with well-established 
fixed income franchise, a robust growth in sales engine close to the ground connection, tech-
enabled services, and a growing digital business network. Building on this synergy and energy, 
the business is on a meaningful momentum, and our team is geared to make the most of it. This 
has been witnessed during our annual investment conclave, which we called “Voyage”, 
attended by over 2,000 partners in Mumbai in the month February 2024. 
In Q4 FY24, our overall average assets under management encompassing alternate assets, 
reached ₹3.46 lakh Cr. size, reflecting a 21% year-on-year growth. Notably, our mutual fund 
quarterly average AUM reached ₹3.32 lakh Cr., with equity quarterly average AUM standing 
at ₹1.52 lakh Cr. I'm happy to say that our SIP numbers during the quarter have witnessed good 
uptick moving from ₹1,005 Cr. in the month of December 2023 to ₹1,252 Cr. in March 2024, 
making a 25% quarter-on-quarter increase. 
We have added around 6 lakh new SIPs with approximately 2.5 times increase compared to 
the previous quarter. As part of our endeavour to acquire new customers, we’ve added 
approximately 11.5 lakh folios in a year. Of these, around 7 lakh folios were added in  
Q4 FY’24, bringing our total serviced folios to around 86 lakhs. Individual investors with an 
average AUM of ₹17.3 lakh Cr. Now constitute 52% of our assets. Additionally, the 
contribution from B-30 cities stands at 17.5% as of March 2024. We have seen good 
momentum buildup in our sales numbers, reflected in our healthy retail growth. The impact of 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
building a robust sales support ecosystem that consists of virtual relationship managers, 
Sampark for onboarding distributors, direct channels to service HNIs and family offices, digital 
distribution, and service to sales is coming to its full potential gradually. 
Our enhanced engagement at the relationship manager level, increased satisfaction with service 
effectiveness, positive sentiment towards the fund performance, and an improved digital 
transaction journey have all led to positive sentiment and improvement in overall AUM 
momentum. I’m also happy to share that our MFD NPS score, Net promotor score around 
performance, and sales engagement have improved significantly during the quarter from 3 in 
Q4 FY23 to 28 in Q4 2024. On the alternate business front, to meet the growing needs of HNIs 
and family offices we have strengthened our team to enhance our PMS and AIF offerings both 
in equity and fixed income. We currently offer over 13 products in PMS and AIF. Our good 
investment performance experience across our current offerings in PMS helped us in getting 
our products being sold in some of the organized channels through the launch of ABSL India 
Special Opportunities Fund, which is a category 3 AIF where we are seeing traction coming 
from the HNI investors. 
 
In order to further expand our AIF product offering, we have brought in a senior manager 
investment professional to offer Fixed Income credit related AIF to cater to both Institutional 
and HNI customers. We believe both equity and fixed income AIF product offerings will 
further strengthen our alternate business vertical business line. 
 
Our GIFT City operation has gained momentum with the launch of a few products to invest in 
overseas markets under the LRS scheme. We launched the industry-first ABSL Global 
Emerging Equity Fund which strategically feeds into the 'ARGA Emerging Market Equity 
Fund,' enabling our investors to access and benefit from emerging market opportunities. We 
are now in the process of launching the CAT III AIF Feeder Fund in GIFT City, which will 
feed into ABSL AMC mutual fund scheme in India. 
 
On the passive front, as of March 2024, our passive asset stands at around ₹28,900 Cr., and 
has built a strong customer base of around 6.85 lakh folios. To drive our passive business to 
the next level of growth, we have finalized a senior investment professional with extensive 
international experience to manage our passive business growth and he will be onboarded very 
soon. 
 
Moving on to the financials. We are happy to inform you that we achieved our highest-ever 
probability in FY 2024. Profit before tax is at ₹1,008 Cr. up 27% year-on-year and profit after 
tax is at ₹780 Cr. up 31% year-on-year. For FY '24, our total revenue is ₹1,641 Cr. up 21% 
year-on-year. In Q4 FY '24, total revenue is ₹440 Cr. up 34% year-on-year.  
Q4 FY24 profit before tax is at ₹268 Cr. up 48% year-on-year and profit after tax is at ₹208 
Cr. up 54% year-on-year. We are pleased to announce that the board has proposed dividend of 
₹13.5 per share for FY2024. So, with this, I would like to conclude and open the floor for any 
questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our first 
question from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Thank you sir, for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Three questions 
from my side. First, on the top line yields that we have recorded. So, there is a sequential 
expansion. I wanted to understand the levers for the same, is it product mix or anything else 
that we can read into it from that expansion? Simultaneously, you can give some cuts on how 
are the yields in these specific product segments and maybe flow versus stock, how the 
numbers are panning out. So that would be the first question. 
 
Second is the monthly SIP flow that  has kind of seen a good jump in this quarter, wanted to 
understand in which schemes you were seeing the incremental flows and if you could also give 
some colour on what kind of distributors these incremental flows are coming from. And thirdly 
on the cost structure. So, this quarter vis-a-vis last quarter there was an increase in both 
employee expenses and other expenses. So, if you can guide us on how we should look at this 
number panning out in the next year and any one-offs in this, that would be helpful. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. I'll ask Parag to take the first and the third questions. 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. Sure. So, on the revenue side, the increase in the revenue is in line to a greater extent with 
the AUM growth that we have achieved and the mix of overall equity AUM and debt AUM. 
So that has resulted in growth plus the growth is also on the total revenue has been higher with 
the increase in the overall other income also. Those are the main reasons on the revenue side. 
 
The other thing on the yield which you have asked, the yield on the equity is in the range of 
around 68 basis, and on the debt is in the range of around 23 to 25 basis. Liquid is around 12 
to 13 basis. So that is on the yield side. 
 
On the expense side, people's costs have slightly increased mainly due to some true-up on the 
V Pay (variable pay) or the bonus which has resulted in a slight increase on the V Pay side. On 
other expenses, the main increase is some of the, generally in the last quarter you will see some 
uptick in the other expenses in most of the last quarter of my earlier years also. The event in 
which we conducted the Voyage was a one-off in the other expenses that happened in the last 
quarter. So those are the main reasons for the uptick in expenses. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Yes. Understood, sir. So, if I could just follow up on these couple of responses, and other 
expenses next year how should we build this I guess Voyage would be an annual event. So, 
should we then also factor in that it will again come in a similar cost will come in the fourth 
quarter of next year? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. So, the voyage will be annual, and it will come mostly – most probably we’ll do in the 
same – similar quarter next year. I don’t know what the format will be, but if it comes in the 
same format there will be a cost in mostly in the last quarter slightly jump up. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Okay. And the cost inflation between this year and next year should we kind of build in a 
similar run rate as we have seen in FY’24? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes, people side, it will be more of an inflation plus maybe if some of the recruitment which 
we do on the sales side or the passive which we are or alternate side which we are trying to 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
build, there may be. But mostly, it will be inflation plus something a couple of the percentage 
up, yes. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sir, I was asking about SIP flows. So, we have seen some material improvement during the 
quarter on the flow side. So just wanted to understand which of the schemes we are seeing a 
higher growth also could you comment on the channel-wise growth on the SIP side? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. So, one -- the uptick that we have seen in the quarter is one the renewed focus that we've 
brought in to build SIPs given the fact our performance, the improvement that we have seen 
across most of our schemes that gave the aggression to build SIPs in the last quarter. Second, 
the increased flows have come through our mix of products such as Flexi Cap Fund, Pure value 
fund, Digital India fund, PSU equity fund, small and mid-cap funds, and other mid-cap funds. 
These are the schemes in which largely we have seen flows coming into the SIP segment 
through the mix of both online platforms as well as on the IFA channels. I think IFA channels 
and MFD channels have seen a significant improvement over the previous quarter with the 
monthly registration going roughly about 2,20,000 kind of numbers which used to be 
somewhere around 75,000 to 80,000 for quite some time. 
 
So, we have seen now an increase of about 2,20,000- 2,30,000 is that range. In that roughly 
about 45% to 50% have come through the online channel platforms and the rest have come 
from the distribution channels which is our traditional distribution channel. And within that, 
the dominant portion came from the MFD channel. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure. And sir like last quarter we highlighted that there were some redemption pressures in 
some of the core equity schemes. So, like how has that trend been in those particular schemes? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
I think one of the things that I've seen is I think gradually the redemptions which to be a little 
higher for us at the beginning of the year. That has been coming down in some of the schemes 
which of course saw outflows because of the category generally not seen much inflows. 
Second, performance issues are also there. 
 
With the narrowing of performance vis-à-vis the peer group, we've also seen a reduction in the 
redemptions pressure in most of our schemes. And improved performance in some of the 
categories, where flows have been coming in, is also compensated further as well. I think we 
are seeing both. I think, a reduction in the redemptions and increased the flows coming in a 
few of our schemes. That's been getting netted off. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure sir. And sir, just last one data-keeping question. Could you give us the SIP AUM at the 
end of the March number? 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Prakash Bhogale: 
It is around ₹69,168 Cr. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
First data-keeping questions. If you can give your ESOP expenses for the year? And how do 
you forecast it for, let's say, FY'25 and FY'26? Second, your employee count as of March 31st 
The third will be, that you've given your SIP flows for March, would be great if you can kind 
of give it for the past two, or three months also, will give us some colour of the traction and 
the pace of traction we are seeing in the channel. And lastly, in terms of the product pipeline, 
how does it stack up for the next few quarters? 
Parag Joglekar: 
On the ESOP side, the expenses are in the range of around ₹23 -24-odd Cr. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
This will be for FY24, right? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
And how should we think of it for the next year? 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Head count is around 1,449.  
Parag Joglekar: 
Head count is in the range of around 1,400 plus, 1450. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
1,450, right. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure 
Prakash Bhogale: 
What was the other question? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, the other was on SIP flow for the last one or two or three months? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. On the SIP flows, Dipanjan, while the number for the full quarter is close to about 6 lakh 
registrations, the monthly run rate is somewhere around 1.95 to 2.2 roughly, the range, I think 
each month there is an improvement. I think we are seeing each month the number is showing 
improvement. Even though I'm not -- even in April, too, we are seeing the trend is continuing. 
I think earlier the focus used to be somewhere around 2 lakhs to 3 lakh kind of number that we 
used to target which is now falling in place in the last quarter, and that momentum continues 
now. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
So, sir, the thing that I'm trying to understand is here. If I look at your March SIP market share, 
that's around 6.5% on a flow basis compared to around 5.7% in December '23. So, you can 
give some colour on this movement between 5.7% to 6.5% broken up Jan-Feb? Or in case if 
you don't have the data, if you can at least shed some colour on how April is shaping up? It 
would be higher than 6.5 or we should expect a stable or lower range in terms of the flow 
market share on the SIP side? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, the way we approach SIP is given the fact that this is to the agnostic performance, and it 
is also something that goes very well in terms of adding a new customer base as well as on 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
goal-based investing. The idea is always to have somewhere in the range of about 8% to 9% 
kind of market share that’s what we gun for it. Infact the peak though it's true -- was in the year 
2019-2020. We used to have almost about 13% to 14% kind of market share in SIPs. 
So that what little bit higher number that to expect now. Going by the renewed sales focus that 
is being pushed and also being agnostic to the market fluctuations, we'll definitely will continue 
to work towards making these numbers better each month. That's the whole endeavour.  
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, you can give some colour on the product pipeline going into the next two to three quarters 
on the equity side? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
In terms of the pipeline of products, we have a quant fund, we already have approval and plan 
to launch it post-election. We would have launched it in the current quarter in the beginning 
itself. Given generally the vacation month in the month of May, and plus election is also there, 
I think we will launch it before 30th June if possible that one product we have. It’s going to be 
managed by the Co-CIO and Head of Equity, Harish Krishnan, along with one support person 
internally. 
 
And we’re also looking at filing one product, which is of course under the drawing board. And 
hopefully, that as well, but more in the thematic category. On the AIF and PMS side, we have 
seen some kind of increased traction, given the fact that our performance has been pretty good 
on the PMS side, and that is being noticed compared to the other peer groups in the same 
segment. We're also seeing onboarding of our PMS products in some of the alternate channels., 
I think should see some kind of increased flows on the PMS side. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Sir, if I can just squeeze in one more question on this particular point? You have 
previously also highlighted at the start of the year or the last year, that you expect your alternate 
and PMS business to become a meaningful portion of your revenue maybe three, or four years 
out. And probably today, you're laying the ground stone for that. 
So, in terms of that, I mean, in terms of your investments on the alternate and PMS space, what 
should one expect that to be kind of elevated looking for a medium to long term and maybe in 
that sense your employee additions or your employee's headcount additions or your new fund 
launch-related expenses can kind of be a little high at least for the next, let's say 12 to 18 
months? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
On the AIF, our focus has always been to leverage the existing salesforce and relationship that 
we’ve built over a period of time as a franchisee to build our alternate business. While that 
strategy continues, each of the sales teams has a separate target to drive the PMS and AIF 
business, including fixed income-oriented products. 
 
In terms of team strengthening, we already have about seven people in PMS sales as the main 
anchor. And they will, of course, work with entire salesforce under the Head of Retail as well 
Head of Institutional Business to build as part of the overall business. But we've also been 
building a direct HNIs team which is now close to about 30 people that we have. We intend to 
have close to about 40-50 people will have this year. That also will help us reaching out to the 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
direct customers, including family offices. Again, we are creating a vertical under the sales 
team to cater to the growing needs of the family offices. All this put together, we believe the 
AIF and PMS segment should see incremental growth coming better than what you have seen 
in the last two to three years. That's something we are thinking but they do not have an 
incremental significant cost coming from people, but the benefit that will be accrue from the 
existing team would be the large focus. 
 
And lastly, what we are also doing. Finally, this year, there are two areas where we're looking 
at building size, one is on the fixed income-oriented credit opportunity, which also is pretty 
big. We are now brought in a person, who have experience of having underwriting capability 
and managed assets for the last almost 15 years with a successful track record. He has come 
on board, and he comes with a high passion of building credit portfolios that can be offered to 
family offices, HNIs, and pension funds globally. That's one which I feel that we'll be able to 
build. Second, the Real Estate AIF, we have seen a reasonably good track record in terms of 
not only, of course, performing well, even giving back the money to the investors close to 
about 16% kind of range of returns that investor got over the last three years. We want to build 
on the base of this success that side as well this year. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Sir, just one small question. If I look at your SIP flow share now, that, as I said, has 
improved from around 5.7% to 6.5% between December and March. Can a similar assumption 
be made about the improvement in net equity flow market share, including SIPs and all other 
sorts of flows, lumpsum, and everything? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. I think the SIP momentum will continue. I think that can be assumed, I will try and of 
course, build more momentum on SIPs. See, one of the things is the widespread acceptance 
for the entire sales team to drive on a single-minded focus on building this as a category is very 
much alive and that's being pushed accordingly. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi Good morning, Sir. Just a follow-up on the previous question. How been the trend on the 
overall equity sale on a net basis? What has been the trajectory SIP has been doing well for us, 
but what has been the trend on the overall sales like equity sales for us and in the current quarter 
versus the previous quarter? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. Overall sales, Prayesh, is improving on a quarter-on-quarter basis. This quarter we have 
net equity sales. Earlier, we used to have the redemption of equity equally used to be high, 
which as I mentioned earlier, that trend is changing. And in March quarter sales and net equity 
flow though we don't have the numbers disclosed generally, but that's something I've seen in 
the last quarter. 
Prayesh Jain: 
In the last quarter again positive. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
The flows are largely through a mix of our thematic funds as well as one or two actively 
managed funds, including funds like Flexi-cap, and Pure Value kind of funds and we're also 
seeing inflows coming in the arbitrage fund. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And, sir, the momentum in SIPs that we witnessed, where is it coming from the online 
distributors, or is it across channels, could split that for us? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, Prayesh, I just shared the number earlier in one of the questions. Broadly, it comes from 
-- roughly about 40% to 45% comes through the online channel platforms. About 55% to 60% 
comes through the traditional channels, within that dominant component comes from the MFD 
channel. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. And sir, on the yield front, you mentioned I think the yield would be about 68, 
70 basis points on equity. And what is the trend in the equity yields in this quarter? 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, yield is -- Prayesh, is 68 basis on equity, pure equity. The slight drop as telescopic pricing 
is there as the AUM goes up, there will be a slight drop, so there is a slight drop in the yield 
on equity also. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. And on the -- under the debt side, do we see any improvement in yields given 
possibly from the next couple of quarters or six months, or from year perspective that we could 
see some movement towards the longer duration effects? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. So, if the movement happens for a longer duration, the yields are generally high in those 
products. So, we should be able to see some uptick on that side. So currently, it is slightly 
showing some improvements, but still, there is a little long way to go, maybe another couple 
of quarters. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Last question on my side. For FY24, what will be your revenues from the PMS and AIF 
segments? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Just hold on Prayesh. 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, PMS and the alternate asset revenue overall will be in the range of around ₹ 100-odd Cr. 
Prayesh Jain: 
₹100 Cr. This alternate includes PMS, AIF, and…? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Offshore. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And offshore as well. Okay. Got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Good morning, everyone. So, the first one on the yield, like for some of the peers, there's been 
some year-end adjustments true-ups as well. Has that also played into our yield moment for 
this quarter? 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, Abhijeet, our yields remain more or less flattish. There is no per se any -- I understand 
what you are asking, but no, there is nothing of that sort. An increase in the overall AUM, 
which has increased if you are specifically asking about equity, is an overall increase in the 
AUM. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes. Got it. And sir, the second was the 40%- 45% contribution from online channels that you 
mentioned, could you just elaborate on whether this is on an count basis or flow basis, and are 
these like the Groww, and Zerodha, type of channels or are there any other digital online 
channels that are contributing? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. Is on the -- on an account basis, I think value-wise will be a little lower, and value-wise 
the traditional channels that would have given higher. And in terms of online channels, mostly 
it's coming from of course, anyway, as you know, today the large volume generator is only 
about the top 3-4, which is Groww, Zerodha, ETMONEY, Kuvera, and Angel these are the 
large. So, these are the ones that gives the large flows. In this case, I think the large contribution 
would have come from top 3 platforms. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And Bala sir, generally qualitatively speaking on the next year, given that the redemption 
pressure is sort of easing off, do you foresee products getting included in some of the larger 
distribution channels and that sort of creating a stronger run rate of flow? And how close are 
we to kind of getting that done, so that the next year's flow run rate is probably substantially 
better than last year? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. That's the endeavour. I think if you look back at some of the steps that we have taken to 
strengthen our -- on the people side, right, from investment to sales to rest of the functions. 
That definitely brings in a new vigour and commitment to focus on every segment of the 
business model. Investment performance is of course a key, which, of course, under the change 
that we have made and the existing team members who also got high responsibilities, 
performing quite well is being now noticed. 
 
The gaps are narrowed quite significantly that used to exist maybe about 1 - 1.5 years back 
with respect to the peer group. And even in terms of upgrades of our teams from a ranking 
point of view, also we are seeing a quarter-on-quarter improvement. One of the reasons we've 
also seen pickup and higher recognition is also coming, which I just mentioned in the NPS 
score which I mentioned about. All this is a reflection of that.  
I think one of the things that I witnessed, a big positive change, when we did our annual 
investment Voyage event in the month of February, we not only had more than 1,800 people 
turn out for that, but we also saw the reaction from the partners who came on board. They have 
been witnessing us growing substantially well. Then they have seen our period of challenge, 
our share of challenge period, I would say, and they have seen everything. And this time 
around, the feel-good factor which came on that event that we had also was quite promising. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi, morning and sir, 2-3 questions. First, can you give the number of what is the average SIP 
flow for the quarter? You've given for March, but can I get an average number? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, it's around ₹2 lakh, Madhukar, on average. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
No, I mean the flow number. 
Parag Joglekar: 
Okay. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Not the registration number. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Give me a second, Madhukar. 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Around 1,143 on average and the total is around 3,429. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, on our equity market share, that is at 4.9%. It seems that still on a flow market 
share basis, we are probably lower, right, than what our stock market share is because the 
market has been positive, our schemes have been performing well, and yet we are losing market 
share. We've lost sort of 10 basis points Q-o-Q. Is that reading, correct? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. From the number point of view what you're saying is right. I think the way I see Madhukar 
is one when you look at the past trend and how it's come to the March quarter, while we are 
seeing a narrowing of fall -- earlier the rate of fall was a little higher and that's now getting 
narrowed and increased traction coming on SIPs will start reflecting in terms of not only 
stabilizing the market share movement and it also, ideally speaking, start giving at least an 
uptick on the market share. So that's the way it has to be seen. The number that you're saying 
is right, but that's the way it must be seen. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Right. So obviously, what you're saying is that trends are improving. And I think first half we 
had net outflows and now we are seeing some inflows. And we've, in the past, highlighted that 
certain channels we don't have access to, and those are some of the disadvantages, right? Now 
given this context, how do you think that and over what timeframe do you think you can go 
back to this -- at least this 5% sort of flow market share?  
I know it's -- and apart from performance on the distribution side, what else can we do or what 
are we doing? I also noticed that you've done well on the direct side because we're seeing in 
equity the direct contribution has picked up meaningfully, 200 basis points on a Q-o-Q basis 
is quite good. So maybe some colour there will be helpful? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sure. See, as you rightly said, Madhukar, one is -- investment performance is only one 
part of it. I think sales, productivity improvement, which we call the sales excellence model 
that we have set aside and making some core changes within the sales team structure to bring 
in sharper focus, identifying the location in which -- where we have a huge potential, 
identifying the channel partners where we have huge potential in terms of improving further, 
looking at the active business that they generate versus the contribution that they give it to us, 
bringing in sharper focus on each of these areas under the head of retail who has just joined us 
very recently, also have been driving the whole team and bringing necessary changes in order 
to increase these sales productivity. Ultimately, the idea is to increase the output from every 
location in which we operate. So that's one agenda.  

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
The second is building SIPs. We've always been quite successful as a fund house building SIPs 
in various markets, volatile periods without -- based on the gold-based investing and bring that 
back as part of your narrative to the entire sales team as you go out in the market with high 
conviction both on the steps that we have taken on the investment side and improve 
performance that we're seeing in and the product being relevant from the customer point of 
view, and therefore have the high engagement for increasing the productivity. So that's 
something we are doing. 
 
The support channel, I just mentioned in my speech, the support channel that you have created, 
earlier we used to run this as a silo channel. We felt that some of these channels, which can be 
attributed to the sales team directly from the retail sales team point of view, they are clubbing 
under the sales team so that there will be a higher synergy that can be created to make each of 
the channels contribute to the overall success of the retail AUM. And last is actually digital 
platform engagement is also essential, given the fact they help in terms of getting new customer 
additions. So that we have a strategy to ensure that we are able to  highlight some of the 
products that can come as part of the recommendation list on ongoing engagement and show 
them the work that we have done and how the performance of the schemes is coming, how 
those engagements to ensure that we can participate in the new customers addition. In fact, in 
the quarter of March ending, we added close to about 3.5 lakh new customers that we have 
added during the quarter. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. And anything special to read into the direct contribution increase in the equity 
AUM mix? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, that's basically as you rightly pointed the exclusive team that we have created and then 
we branded under the name of CARE, which is basically to ensure that we provide a better 
service to those customers and handhold them on a continuous basis, over a asset allocation 
pattern. We are seeing the high engagement that the team has been creating and where we are 
further strengthening the team to close to about 50-member team this year, and that renewed 
focus and high engagement would help in terms of increasing manufacturing. The ultimate 
idea is to make the direct team, he is more like a wealth manager kind of concept, helping in 
building a holistic experience for the customers and thus increasing the share of their wallet 
share to both our equity schemes and other products including PMS. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, on the passive side, there has been some reduction in AUM, not a lot, but there has been 
some small reduction. So, any comment on there? And second, I wanted to ask again on the 
passive side, is there any possibility of the EPFO money being given to additional set of asset 
management companies? So, yes, would it -- at what time -- what is your expectation over 
there? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. See on these -- on the passive side reduction was largely on account of the maturity of 
some of the debt-oriented index funds that we had. Of course, the money has gone into the 
mutual fund schemes, got shifted from index funds to mutual funds. On the equity side, we 
have seen growth both on AUM as well as customer additions. As far as the EPFO is 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
concerned, of course, we do have participated in the bidding process, and we are keeping our 
fingers crossed, whether we would win the mandate. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, when is the decision expected on that? And how many companies is the EPFO office 
expected to select now I think Nippon was the last addition. And then you're talking that again, 
they've sort of invited bids, so just wanted to understand what frequency does it happen? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
We have no idea in terms of how many people. Of course, I'm sure they will shortlist for 5, 6 
names, but right now, no public information is available on this. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Okay. Thank you. That's it from me, all the best sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Abhishek Saraf, an independent 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Saraf: 
Hi. Good morning, everybody, thanks for taking my question. So, sir, I just had a few questions 
regarding -- if I heard right, that in the call, somewhere you mentioned that our SIP shares 
during 2019-20 used to be around 14%, and 15%. Is that right, sir? Have I heard it right? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, on the SIP, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Saraf: 
Yes. If you can help us understand why the SIP shares slip from there to where it is currently 
6.5%? And given that you are targeting around 8% to 9%, how we will reach there, and within 
what duration? Secondly, on the equity redemption side, it is very heartening to see that the 
redemptions are not happening, or it has come down, which is somewhat counterintuitive as 
well because at the high level of market people may want to book profits. How is -- so what is 
changing fundamentally, if you can help us understand? 
 
And if I tie this with something which was said by an insurance company, in the ULIP funds 
they saw a decent redemption happening in the later cohorts in the -- after 5-year cohorts. So 
somewhat, there's a bit of dichotomy as well, and maybe something is changing fundamentally. 
So, if you can help me understand and share your thoughts on these 2 questions, sir, it will be 
very helpful. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thanks, Abhishek. As far as the SIP is concerned, of course, we took early mover advantage 
of pushing SIPs as a fund house, having seen market cycles. As we felt that SIP was the best 
way of building our equity size, that’s way we built our leadership position till about 2019-20. 
For a variety of reasons, a volatile period and then more and more competition coming in and 
a few large AMCs have underpenetrated in the industry, which all of us know that the large 
fund house may not have major assets till 2019-20. They upped the game in the overall business 
growth. Therefore, the growth for some of them was exceptionally higher than even the market 
average because they were underpenetrated. So that led to some fall in share. 
 
And of course, there are certain schemes where we have built huge size where we got done 
with the performance and there was, of course, the level of performance lacking for some time 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
which I must admit for a brief period, also led to a drop in SIPs, which I feel that we can get 
back. SIPs are something that we've always been promoting independent of performance. 
That's the only way we can build SIPs from a longer-term goal perspective. That narrative is 
completely driving to the team that irrespective of that we must build SIPs. Ultimately, 
investors do get benefits in the long term and there is not much difference you'll find between 
a good-performing fund or a bad-performing fund, if the investment is made in SIPs for the 
longer term. That's something communication we are making more strongly and making them 
realize in terms of building size. That's something I did want to highlight. 
 
The other part is, in terms of growth, I think as I mentioned, I think if we keep pushing our -- 
the renewed engagement that we have on the investment side, engagement at ground level, 
sales productivity focus that is bringing in. All put together should only help in getting renewed 
participation coming from some of our existing channels who have always been loyal to us. 
 
Secondly, new customer additions continue to remain that big area of focus, all put together 
like we put a strategy that renewed  focus on the emerging market expansion. All of them put 
together, it should help. Also, the ABC expansion that they are doing across the country should 
help sales in getting money coming from some of the other customers for overall financial 
service business, all put together I feel that the overall improvement will keep progressing. 
Abhishek Saraf: 
Thanks for that sir. Sir, on the redemption side, you can help me understand what is holding 
back customers from redeeming? It's a good sign, but are you feeling some change in the 
customer behaviour at the customer's or the investor's end? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Generally, redemption is largely in the nature of profit booking and then comes back. I mean 
the more of right timing. At the same time, I think historically I've seen the trend, whenever 
the market either become stagnant or volatile, we see that as a trend emerging. But otherwise, 
I only see incremental participation, would be a good mix of existing customers or new 
customers. It is very difficult to find any kind of trend on that. And given the fact that the 
broader acceptance for MF and the renewed aggression that we as a fund house bring on the 
table, all put together should only help in looking at the improvement in sales rather than just 
looking at the redemption numbers. 
Abhishek Saraf: 
Sure. That's helpful, sir. Sir, one last question, I can just squeeze in? So, as you mentioned the 
equity yields are around 68 basis point handle, and given that there will be a telescopic effect 
on the yield and assuming the normalized market, what kind of yield one can expect, especially 
in equities, one can expect over the next year? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
I think, we have said in one of the other questions as well. As it stands today, we'll be able to 
maintain the overall margin expectation coming from both an equity and fixed income. Maybe 
on the fixed income side, we'll see there is scope for that to improve a little bit given the fact 
the product mix within the fixed income could also change here. 
Abhishek Saraf: 
Okay sir. Thanks for this I am done with my questions. 

Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Saturday, 27th April 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Janavee Jare from Kaizen Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
Janavee Jare: 
Yes, I just wanted to ensure that during -- like there has been a sudden increase in the influx 
of the passive mutual funds gaining like a predominance in the market. So, how do you believe 
that in the next 5 to 7 years people would be shifting to passive mutual funds, but there would 
be very less opportunities for market share and everything? So how would you like to envision 
yourself in the next 5 years in comparison to these mutual funds, like passive mutual funds as 
compared to active, and most of the inflow will be -- has been predicted will be in that vertical 
only? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
As a fund house, I think we look at offering products to customers across the segment of the 
market will remain the active manager both on fixed income and equity. At the same time, we 
will also build our capability, rather product offering, in the passive space. As we know, 
passive in the last one year, if you see active funds have done far better than passive. And 
before that passive was doing better than active. Given the fact that the Indian market has huge 
potential to outperform the market, I think active will continue to be a focus area. 
 
But in our case nice to say for 4-5 years, we are building our capability on the passive side. 
Hopefully, we should see higher momentum coming in the passive as well. Within the passive, 
we'll bring in fine focus between products, which can be more profitable as well by looking at 
the product differentiation in this space. But I think from an industry point of view, we will 
see growth on active will continue to be the driver for some more years, while along the side, 
passive also will also get built. 
Janavee Jare: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take that as a last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank all of you for taking time out on a Saturday to attend this call. And with this, I'll conclude 
Q4 FY24 earnings call. Do feel free to reach out to our IR Head, Prakash Bhogale for any 
queries that you may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of InCred Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------   End   --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
