Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Computer Age Management Services Limited 
Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 10, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMCHARAN SR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. ANISH SAWLANI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
COMPUTER AGE MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHIVANI KARWAT – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 
 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Computer Age Management Services Limited hosted by Orient Capital. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your touchtone phone. 
I'll hand the conference over to Ms. Shiwani Karwat from Orient Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, Ms. 
Shiwani Karwat: 
Hi. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call for Computer 
Age Management Services Limited. As mentioned today, from the management we have with 
us Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing Director; Mr. Ramcharan SR, CFO; and Mr. Anish Sawlani, 
Head of Investor Relations. 
Before we proceed to start the call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that this conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date. These statements are not guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. A detailed 
disclaimer has also been published in the investor presentation, which was released to the stock 
exchanges. I hope everybody had a chance to go through the presentation.  
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Kumar, Managing Director. Thanks, everyone, and 
over to you, sir. 
Anuj Kumar: 
Thanks, Shiwani, and good morning, everyone. Appreciate all of you making the time to join 
the earnings call today morning. Like we do in the standard format, I will take you through 
presentation. Ramcharan will cover the financials over the first about 25 minutes and then we 
will have the rest of the time open for Q&A. 
I estimate all you have seen the results by now. We had a very strong quarter, perhaps the 
strongest in the last many years. And I think the great news is that we had all cylinders firing. 
And I'll explain to you what that means. But we had most components of the business, whether 
on the mutual fund side or on the non-MF side, firing in terms of revenue growth and share. And 
then profits obviously followed given the fact that we have managed to exercise just significant 
prudence and control in managing our costs. 
But looking at Chart 6, on the mutual fund business, you know that in the last year we've had a 
clean sweep. So we have won every single mutual fund that decided to set up operations for 
business. This is AngelOne, like you all know, Torus Oro and Unifi Capital. With one large 
mandate whose decision has not been announced so far, we are, of course, very positively and 
strongly engaged there, which we will declare in good time. But these three, all of them coming 
to us has been a very soothe experience. With these three wins, the culmination is that we have 
an aggregate of five wins among the last seven new open mutual fund AMC bids which has 
happened in the country. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Our mutual fund AUM has scaled sharply. It is now at the end of the quarter worth INR37.2 
trillion. This was a 10% quarterly growth and about 33% year-on-year. The overall market share 
stands at 68%. Equity AUM had a fantastic run. It stands at the end of the quarter at INR19.3 
trillion or INR19.3 lakh crores. This registered almost a 50% scale up, and all of you have been 
watching this number and know the constituents. So this had almost a 50% scale up.  
The good news is that our equity AUM, which represents the retail part of the franchise, which 
represents the highest yield, and therefore, profit accretive component of the mutual funds 
business grew ahead of the industry and continues to gain share. This gaining share has been a 
phenomenon for the last about six quarters, but it continues to stay there, which is great news 
and indicative of how these stacks are laid out amongst the AMCs in terms of growth of equity 
AUM. 
This then is supported by the live SIP book. And you know that, that is one of the key things, 
the engine of the car, which is moving this whole thing ahead. Our live SIP book grew 37% 
ahead of an overall industry number of 32%. So that was very satisfying.  
And then our unique investor base crossed INR3 crores or INR30 million. And this again is a 
foundational metric, if you get more investors, they come into more SIPs. I think growth over 
the years is almost assured because this is sticky money, and they're not prone to any knee jerk 
reactions. So unique investor base for CAMS serviced Funds grew 25%, again, at a significant 
advantage over the rest of the industry, which grew 18%. 
On the non-mutual funds side, again, very satisfying for us because there are several components 
there. We've described that as mutual fund plus 6. And within this, most businesses scaled and 
scaled very well, the ones which were profitable improved profitability. So the sustained focus 
has seen a 2.5% or 250 basis points year-on-year growth. This was about 11% contribution to 
revenue last year.  
This quarter, it's 13.5%, so it scaled up about 2.5%, which we have said that we'll be happy doing 
2% every year, so as well into non-MF, do remember that non-MF has gained a bit of share 
despite very, very sharp run-up in MF assets and significant growth in MF. So that was not an 
easy task, but we've managed to do that. 
Within that, Alternatives grew 20%. That is CAMS AIF and what quadrupled as 32 new 
mandates, including the several in GIFT city. CAMSPay, the payment franchise has been doing 
well. We've got the in-principle, as you know, last year this quarter we got the final authorization 
or license to operate as a PA from RBI in 4Q, which was great news during the year. We will 
figure out how to transition the business over time. So that was done well and has had in excess 
of 20% revenue growth. 
On the insurance side, if you read the statute, IRDA has mandated electronic issuance of policies. 
Now, this does not mean a mandatory holding in Demat. What this also means is that you could 
-- the only thing it stipulates is that physical policies will be insured only on request of the 
policyholder, if he specifically wants, he or she. Other than that, you can issue it in the 
DigiLocker, you could keep it in the EIA which is the insurance account, it could also be a PDF, 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
which goes with an e-mail, but it's a cut down on paper issuance. It is still not a mandatory 
Demat. But a good announcement. I think the markets are noticing and that will give some fill-
up to overall momentum in creating EIAs and accruing policies in that format. 
KRA continues to broaden its offerings, and more importantly, broaden the go-to-market. We've 
said that outside of mutual funds, we have now for the last about 1.5 years been focused on 
onboarding fintechs, brokerages, wealth entities, wealth advisers, investment advisers, those 
kind of entities. Revenue grew a stratospheric 90%. And all of this adds up to the 52% non-MF 
growth that you've seen, of course, on a small base, but very gratifying to see that part of the 
franchise really come out on top in terms of broad revenue growth. 
So in terms of highlights, just broad highlights. Overall company revenue grew about 25%, MF 
at 21%, you have seen all of this, non-MF at 52%. Even if I yanked out the Think360 
contribution, which accrued to us starting April last year. If I take that out it is still 38% on a 
constant base, and with Think that's 52%.  
In non-MF, the other gratifying thing is that 4 of the 6 non-MF businesses grew more than 25%. 
Overall EBITDA, and you'll see in the number, is at 31% year-on-year growth. EBITDA 
percentage, I would say, is at 46.1%, largely given the run-up in assets and in revenue. This was 
at about 44.8% last quarter. 
And we believe there is a more moderate number between 45% and 46%, where it should show 
up in the next couple of quarters, 46% is slightly stratospheric. So look at it that way. PAT grew 
38.7%. And then overall PAT percentage just like I spoke about the EBITDA percentage is 
32.2%, which is 320 basis points up. Again, an exceptional quarter, we will see whether we can 
hold out exactly these profit margins, maybe a little slightly moderate in the coming 2 quarters, 
but all of that, all of us can watch closely. 
Go to the next. I will cover Chart 7. Again, this presentation has been uploaded. So most of you 
have seen. I think the retail growth has played out across the board, and this plays out in gross 
SIP registration, where you saw that our overall gross SIP registrations are almost INR265 lakhs, 
so upwards of INR2.5 crores.  
And when you see this is ahead of the industry metric, 73% versus 70%, very, very foundational. 
If I see gross SIP sales, so when you register more gross SIPs, obviously, one expectation is that 
you will get increased collections and increased sales. That has gone up from a 58% share to a 
60% share. And at the bottom of the chart, overall increased share in SIP collections, which is 
32% versus 28%. 
And similarly, when you see all of this leads to just an exceptional gain in equity net sales share, 
which has grown from 65% in FY'23. If I take the whole year, this is at 75%. So that's a 
significant scale up. This has also led to transactions growing. And when you see transactions 
on the top chart, INR13 crores transactions in April to June, not too long back, less than a year 
back, April to June INR13 crores. INR14 crores, July to September, close to INR15.5 crores 
October to December, INR17.5 crores Jan to March. So INR13 crores going to INR17.5 crores 
growing in excess of 30%. What this creates is just a significant focus on getting things right.  

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
As you know, operationally we opened -- like I said, we opened over INR2.5 crores new SIPs, 
several crores new folios, everything has to go right, including making sure that every SMS is 
delivered, every e-mail is delivered, every format of customer interaction is fully recorded. So 
it just takes humongous amount of focus to get all of these things right, it's almost a near zero 
error environment. 
It also means that both the people capability in making the Angel run and the technology 
capability in solving these very, very complex problems of making sure that INR100 crores 
SMSs land up where they are supposed to land up. And if a couple of lakh did not land up, then 
we have enough backups to make the investors aware of what happened to those -- to their 
transactions either through a e-mail, if an e-mail doesn't work then a voice blast or a letter.  
So it also means a significant investment in data centers, capacity, availability, storage, 
processing, perimeter security, monitoring. Just think of every aspect of it. This just needed 
tremendous focus, tremendous investment, just happy to share with all of you guys that that's 
come out very well. In my tenure, I think in the last several 7 or 8 years, I have not seen a quarter 
which had just so much activity, and which has such significantly bolstered financial results. 
Next. I would quickly take you through the key businesses. On Alternatives, 4Q revenue grew 
over 24%. Clients continue to indicate the preference for CAMS, 32 new mandates. The digital 
onboarding platform WealthServ has now ended at over 132(13.39mins) sign-ups. So think of 
about a 1,000 AIF industry. And then within that, almost over 10% of the constituents are using 
our digital onboarding and they continue to scale the participation.  
GIFT City, total client tally to 17, it scaled up a little more in the last month, but going well. We 
had announced, you may have seen an exchange filing that we are setting up a larger office, 
which should be opening in July, the space etcetera has been leased. We see potential, a lot of 
potential there, and we've hired a much larger team. So all of that will play out over the next 45 
to 60 days. 
Fintuple's platform integrates now Custody, custodies of the basic constituents then combining 
with both PMSs and AIFs. And now they're building capabilities for digital onboarding of FPIs 
and FDIs for these custody banks. So that part is growing well. Fintuple has also turned at 
EBITDA level profitable last year, which is great news for that business. On payments, just a 
set of positive happenings, of course, the license is one of them. In addition to that, in excess of 
about 20% revenue surge, for the year, about 24%.  
Across the board, over 80 new client wins. UPI AutoPay where we were the pioneers and now 
of course, other people have learned and they're doing the same things, but we were the pioneer 
in proposing UPI AutoPay as an alternate to NACH and eNach as the way to collect SIP money. 
So a lot of momentum there. And then specifically from a PSU perspective. Now you know that 
there's great salience in PSUs. These are large clients. We had gone live with the authentication 
services for LIC and they are doing -- planning to do PG kind of work with Indian Bank, Bank 
of Baroda and Canara. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Go to the next. KRA I think has perhaps been the best story, again, coming off a small base for 
the last 6 quarters, all of you've seen just fantastic results. The 10-minute KYC. Again, all of 
these things are copyable, there's nothing which someone else can't copy. But there is an 
advantage in being first to the market because that just creates salience and thought leadership 
in the minds of the constituents that we can do the best job, and we can do it ahead of anyone. 
So we were the first to kind of bring this out, makes the job of account opening much faster. 
You can open the account to start transacting, especially enough on the same day. 
And then all the constituents of artificial intelligence, including almost instant name match, face 
match, OCR, etcetera, Liveliness checks all of that is built in. So we delivered a robust 90% 
year-on-year growth, even quarterly, we grew almost 30%, 28% quarter-on-quarter. Continue to 
add fintechs. I think mutual funds are significantly penetrated.  
Most of our mutual funds are with us. Fintechs and brokerages -- although we still don't have 
the first 1 or 2 names. Those are expected to at some time start working with us, but the 1 or 2 
or 3 top brokerages are still not there. This has happened despite that. Once we are able to crack 
one of the top funds, I think the results could be even sweeter. 
And then from a -- just from a collaboration, cooperation between Think and KRA and Rep, 
etcetera will all continue to work closely in the market because we are not rebuilding any 
components which are available in the group. I think Think's KYC solution, which you know 
has been active for public sector banks, very active in fact. That is now acting as a front end and 
then CAMS KRA brings up the real -- in all our KYC promos and sales.  
On Rep, CAMSRep, we were hoping and expecting that there could be some definitive move 
towards Demat. Now, as you know, in the recent announcement, that's not happened. Digital 
issuance, of course, will become mandatory, but that means many things. What it has certainly 
done is that a lot of people, including consumers have read the circulars, read the news, the 
inquiry about EIA is more sustained. People want to understand what's happening there. So 
we've crossed about 80 lakh policies, we've crossed 60 lakh e-insurance accounts, overall about 
40% market share. 
The other thing is that Bima Central is now live, now of course, integrating insurance companies 
is a job and building data exchange with them. So it is a small set of companies. Now, insurance 
company is live but its ability to help you manage your personal data in e-insurance and over a 
period of time as regulation and market frameworks align to it, allow various things, including 
premium payments, renewals, lien marking, borrowing of monies, etcetera. All of that is slated 
to occur on the platform. So that is a good thing. We would have expected a little more action 
here, which may happen in the ensuing quarters. 
And then on Finserv, again, very nice story playing out, you will remember 2 years back, when 
we had gone live. Sometime in the beginning of FY'22, we almost had 2% to 3% market share. 
That was the time when the brokerages started, adopted this, things like on the TSP side, PFM 
etcetera wasn't selling as much. It was largely a lenders market. So we were finding gaps in the 
fence to enter. Pleased to share with you that we now have double-digit market share.  

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
I've shown this figure in the past to you. The number scaled to about 13% in a hypercompetitive 
market with a lot of incumbency and incumbency wasn't ours, it was someone else's. To scale 
to 13% has been sweet, F&O Account opening, most people tend to prefer us. And we continue 
to onboard high-quality marquee customers in this area. We have the largest number of Live 
SIPs. This is a nice selling point because SIPs are the ones giving data. If you have large SIPs, 
you -- large number of SIPs, you become intrinsically attractive to anyone who's trying to pull 
data. So that's a nice commentary to have on our side. 
So again, I think while revenues are still very small, it is perhaps not worthy of a mention here, 
but just the scale up, the quality of teams we built, the quality of integration and APIs, consumer 
journeys, market share are very, very positive. Think continues to -- so like KwikID, which is 
the video KYC product, continues to scale up with the PSU banks. Also the good news is that 
we've got empanelled by State Bank of India and should be able to go live with them.  
Think and Rep, as you know, won these insurance KYC contracts, both from SBI General and 
Oriental Insurance, Oriental is now live. And that part is going well. They commenced an 
analytics transformation deal worth Moneycontrol. And overall then, Algo360 had a start with 
AngelOne so sustained, I would say, client level movement at the -- across products and of 
course, we continue to stay focused on building the team and making sure that the partnership 
with CAMS and various subsidiaries of CAMS can lead to meaningful expansion of business. 
I will pause there and then hand over to Ramcharan to speak a little about the financials. 
Ramcharan SR: 
Thank you, Anuj. I'll just take a couple of minutes to go through the broad financial numbers 
and the trends. As you would have noted, the AUM grew significantly year-on-year to up by 
about 33 percentage. So the overall revenue tracked at -- overall revenue grew by around 25 
percentage for the quarter, INR310 crores, out of which INR269 crores was MF revenue again 
grew by around 21%, tracking the growth in AUM.  
The good -- AUM was that the equity actually grew disproportionately to the overall growth. So 
we had almost 50% growth in equity AUM, which is beneficial to us. So tracking that the 
revenue, mutual revenue as well as overall revenue grew by 25% and 21%, respectively. 
Out of which, the asset-based revenue grew by around 20% year-on-year and sequentially by 
6%. And the non-asset-based revenue, which is predominantly one-third of the transaction 
revenue and then the application revenue, the call center and the referables that grew very well 
to around 28%, which is kind of higher than what we have seen in the earlier quarters. So overall, 
from an MF perspective about 21% growth, that's the increase in AUM as well as some increase 
in the transaction revenue and the call center revenue. 
The non-MF revenue has been a sweet story for us. As Anuj was mentioning, the growth has 
been significant. It's been 52% growth year-on-year and even on a sequential basis, 13% growth. 
The strategies that we put in place a couple of years back is starting to play out in actual number 
terms.  

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Even eliminating things for a moment because it was an acquisition we did in the year, the non-
MF revenue has grown 38%. This is driven by growth across the spectrum, it is not limited to 
one sector, which is AIF has grown by around 24%, Pay by 24%, and KRA by 90%. So across 
all the investments that we have made, the growth has been seen, which is heartening to see 
given that it's not just one area. 
So the non-MF growth over and above the base of MF, MF has grown 21%, but non-MF grown 
52%. So which means that overall, the share of non-MF is at 13.5%, this is what -- it's from the 
initial slides, it has gone up from 11% to 13.5% on a year-on-year basis. That is 250 basis points 
up on the back of a huge growth in the AUM and AM revenue also. So which is very creditable 
from our perspective.  
On the yields, the yields have broadly been in line with probably in the lower end of what we 
expected, but broadly been in line with the growth in AUM. We do not see a big disruption 
happening or depletion happening in the yields going forward. What you will see is what we 
guided last quarter, which just continue to see some depletion because of the telescopic pricing 
and probably minor price adjustments, but no big disruption or depletion in yields is seen over 
the next few quarters. So that's from a revenue perspective. 
It has been a very strong performance from our profit, EBITDA, PBT, PAT. Operating EBITDA 
of 46.1% is the highest we have seen in the last 2 years. It's up 220 basis points year-on-year. So 
not only have we seen the margin grow in terms of absolute numbers, the mark-in has also 
expanded in terms of the percentage. So 220 bps up year-on-year to 46.1%.  
And even on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we've seen more than 100 basis points uptick in the 
operating EBITDA. So INR143 crores is the highest that we have seen in terms of EBITDA 
numbers for the company. Going forward, we see that there will be some -- there could be some 
moderation because of the annual appraisal cycle coming in, in April.  
However, now we will look to mitigate it to the maximum possible extent. However, 46.1% is 
probably the higher end of what we will expect going forward. There could be some moderation 
in the next quarter or 2 because of the salary impact. However, we will work to kind of keep it 
within range bound around 45% to 46%. 
From a PBT, again, we've seen a big increase in the margins and are 350 bps up year-on-year 
and 200 bps up quarter-on-quarter to 41.9%. And the PAT for the quarter, for the first time, we 
crossed the INR100 crores number of INR103.5 crores of PAT, it's a very healthy 32.2%. PAT 
is up almost 39% year-on-year and 16% quarter-on-quarter.  
So again, a very strong growth that we have seen in profit higher than what we have seen in the 
revenue numbers, which is, again, pointing out to the good cost control and the operating 
leverage that we are seeing. The return on net-worth was around 47%, again very high on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, and we ended the quarter and the year with a very comfortable cash 
and cash equivalent position of around INR618 crores of cash. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
The Board was pleased to recommend a dividend of INR16.5, which will be taken up by the 
shareholders for final approval at the AGM on July. Overall, it is a strong quarter, even if you 
see the trend that has been there published in the earnings presentation, you will see for the last 
2 years, there has been a consistent increase in the margins, starting with 41% we saw in FY'23 
Q1 to 46.1% that we are seeing now. So it's been kind of an increase across 2 years to the margin 
profile to what we are seeing now. 
Here, I'll just spend a minute or two on the yearly numbers. We ended the year with a INR1,136 
crores overall revenue number, which is up 17% year-on-year. This is up INR165 crores in 
overall revenue. It's a very healthy growth year. And you've seen the last couple of quarters have 
actually accelerated this growth when you compare to the first 2 quarters. So we're on a good 
wicket on that.  
And overall, MF has grown by INR115 crores, which is again very healthy. And non-MF even 
on a year-on-year basis, as grown by 51%, which is we are at almost INR150 crores of non-MF 
revenue driven by -- across all sectors, which is AIF, payments, KRA and the software 
businesses, everything has grown more than 25 percentage or close to that to ensure that overall 
non-MF growth comes to around 51%. 
The annual profits also again very healthy. We have entered the year with a PAT of around 
INR353 crores, a margin of 30%, which was around 28.5% the last year. So the story has been 
strong revenue growth, mutual fund driven by assets, yield broadly holding in line. The non-MF 
growing very high to 50-plus percentage of year-on-year growth and the profit margins 
reflecting a good control over expenses as well as operating leverage and a very, very healthy 
numbers of 46.1%. So this is a snapshot of the financial numbers for the quarter and for the year.  
So I will just hand it back to the moderator, Neha, and she can open it up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. 
Supratim Datta: 
I had two questions, particularly on the insurance repository business and the CRA business. So 
on the insurance repository business, you talk about how the current regulation do not mandate 
Demat -- storing policies in Demat account. Just wanted to understand then how will you drive 
consumers towards moving away from PDF copies towards EIA accounts? How would this 
journey be facilitated by a player like CAMS or it has to be facilitated by the insurance company? 
In which case, this could take longer to happen, the transition from PDFs to EIA accounts? That's 
the first question.  
The second question on the CRA business. We understand that recently, the government has 
opened up the APY business to other players as well beyond Protean. So just wanted to 
understand how do you see the opportunity in this business? And how do you look at scaling 
that up? Those are my two questions. 
Anuj Kumar: 
No, sure. Thanks, Supratim. So on the first part, think of it this way that any digital issuance or 
electronic issuance of policy like an attachment to an e-mail or a DigiLocker etcetera, does not 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
have the intelligence that an EIA account has. So for example, you can have a single EIA account 
and within that, all the policies can be managed together, which means you can manage your 
metadata, which is your contact details, name, address all of that, if you make a single change, 
it flows to all the policies and then it flows back into your insurance records, which is not how 
PDF attachment works, that is just a PDF, dumb PDF attachment you'll have to store somewhere. 
But more than that, as you scale up, can you set reminders for payments of insurance premium. 
Can you pay an insurance premium through the EIA, the answers is yes. Can you set up of 
reminders, the answer is yes. Over a period of time, can you make claims through this utility? 
The answer is yes. 
Whenever statute allows today, digital lien marking is not allowed in insurance, it is allowed in 
MF, in the securities market, it is allowed not in the insurance market whenever that happens. 
You know that a large part of the market borrows money to pay their premiums, which means 
you have an annual premium due on 1st of June, and May you just borrow against your policy 
where you have, let's say, a surrender value of INR10 lakh. That kind of thing is still done on 
paper. 
To facilitate all of those things. And today, you know in the securities markets very elegant APIs 
are available where in 3 or 4 minutes, you can get lien making done and identification of assets. 
And then the limit is made available to you or the money lands up in your bank account. All that 
is not available in insurance. So those things can only happen through the EIA account. Think 
of it as exactly the mirror image of what happens in the Demat account, the securities Demat 
account. So the advantages are legendary, and are fairly significant and consumers will start 
adopting. 
But to create financial infrastructure, what do you need? First of all, each one of us should have 
an EIA account, and I'm very sure that amongst the people on this call, everyone will not have. 
You should have moved the policies there. And the third is that all the insurance sector 
participants, largely insurance companies, should be on a seamless data exchange just like today, 
the mutual fund companies are, the RPAs are and the repositories are, that's journey to be 
undertaken. Will not take very long. Will not take -- I don't think it will take 5 or 6 years, may 
take a couple of years. As that happens, the significant advantage of EIA will get established. 
That's part one of that first -- the first of your questions. 
The second is that on the CRA, there's this policy class, which is APY, the Atal Pension Yojana, 
which has been eyeballed for quite some time now by the regulator in terms of allowing the 
CRAs to participate. They have made a formal notification recently. It's a mass-market product. 
It is consumed in large numbers. But of course, the pricing, etcetera, is very, very thin. Like you 
know, in most of these markets pricing is thin. But this is significantly thin because it is targeted 
as a social advantage delivery to a certain fraction of our population. So we are excited. We are 
excited that APY is opening up.  
We have the capability because all of that is a base requirement to you getting the license. So 
we have the capability to participate and we will soon begin participating. How the numbers will 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
pan out, how do you penetrate those markets, etcetera, will become visible in a period of time. 
But yes, it's a great announcement, and we are excited by it. 
Supratim Datta: 
Perfect. And just one question over here. So could you -- the existing customers who would 
already be on APY with Protean, could you get a share within that existing customer base? Or 
is it mostly in the incremental new customers will be getting the share? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So what happens is that inter-CRA capabilities switch is available as a part of the architecture, 
just like you've seen in mobile number portability, etcetera, most consumers do not switch. So 
getting consumers to switch to build a marketplace isn't an easy task and isn't perhaps the 
cornerstone of our strategy, selling new is. So that's how this market will also progress. 
Supratim Datta: 
Understood. And just 1 last question on the MF business. So just wanted to understand that like 
going into FY'25, are there any major contracts which are coming up for renegotiation? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So like you know, typically, these contracts hold out for 3, 4 or 5 years, some for 2. So there are 
some contracts where the dialogue is undergoing, which were due either on 1st Jan or 1st of 
April. And we are in the process of speaking to the client and then second down on a price 
regime, which will hold out for the future. So there are a set of clients. 
Supratim Datta: 
Understood. Can you quantify what would be the share of AUM or the number of contracts that 
would be up for renegotiation? 
Ramcharan SR: 
So I'll just say a couple of things, Supratim. Yes, there is a cycle, right? So if you have 20 
customers, you would assume that every year at least 4 or 5 will come up for renewal. So I don't 
think this year is going to be any different, given that we enter into this renewal at different 
periods of time. So nothing extraordinary from that perspective.  
The one thing that I will add is that it's not going to be something that's going to be a steep kind 
of a discount or give away given that a lot of these customers have reached a stage where the 
marginal cost for them is actually not huge, right? While there could be some impact that they 
will have on the TR ratios and all that stuff.  
But what we expect is a moderate kind of a impact on all these things. And I don't think this will 
disturb the usual formula of AUM growth that is AUM fee growth that we have been used to. 
The only thing that I will say is that this is a routine development that keeps happening every 
year. Nothing exceptional is expected on this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Many congratulations on great set of numbers. My first question is on the mutual fund business. 
We see that there's a 2.3% sequential decline in the yields for a 10% growth in the 
AUM(37.30mins), and this is despite the 200 basis points increase in the equity share of the 
AUM. So just wanted to understand it better is this you think the new normal run rate for a 10% 
increase in the AUM that we should expect or were there any adjustment in 4Q that led to a 
slightly higher moderation in the yields? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Ramcharan SR: 
So Devesh, I will answer that question, no, there was no adjustment or anything that happened. 
We've seen that, in fact, earlier quarter, you saw more than normal kind of a AUM fee growth 
to AUM growth. It was kind of almost like 90-plus percentage. Some quarters, depending on 
which customer grows from a scale perspective, there will be some adjustments. Yes, it is on the 
lower side of our expectation in terms of what the yield will be, but not very different from what 
you see. If you say AUM growth, to AUM fee growth, we are again plus 60-plus percentage in 
terms of this, 70% is the normal. 
So I don't think that we need to make any adjustment on our assumptions. I think going forward, 
what we have projected in terms of AUM to AUM fee growth, plus or minus a few percentage 
will play out. You will see that in Q1 also. So no adjustment is needed, and it's not as if a big 
price reduction was given or something happened in the last quarter. It's more kind of a growth 
that's happened in some of the scale customers, which marginally add the lesser yield to us. I 
don't think that -- that's normal, so over a period of plan has been our experience. So no major 
change in assumptions is actually needed for this. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. And secondly, sir, within the mutual fund non-asset based revenue has been 
growing in line with the asset-based revenues at least for the FY'24. So do you expect this to 
continue that the growth in the non-asset based revenues will be similar to what we're seeing in 
asset-based? Or this is expected to slow down, given that there's an increase in digitization of 
transactions and the revenues from paper-based will go down? 
Ramcharan SR: 
So Devesh, there are 4 aspects in this non-AUM fee, right, which is: one is the transaction fee, 
which is again going up. But we see that overall percentage of say static, right? It's between 8% 
to 11% of paper transactions still continue to come. On an absolute number, they are not going 
down at all. But there are other components of this also, which is the call center, which is kind 
of more and more regions do get added and then there is this entire miscellaneous and application 
fee. As we kind of broaden our base, we have more and more people subscribing to our 
applications, to our APIs, etcetera which is a part of this. 
And then there's out-of-pocket expenses it never goes down because always, there is an increase 
in the volume of transactions, which is linked into it, right? For example, you'll never stop -- 
you'll never send lesser SMSs or e-mails or lesser postal when they are quite -- they are low, 
etcetera. So while I do understand that the growth this quarter has been a little higher than what 
we are used to, I don't see any big moderation happening in that growth given that the paper 
transactions continue to be range bound in terms of the percentage of total transactions. And the 
other components of this non-asset based revenue being on a upward trajectory even when the 
digitalization happens, because it's not related to the average. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. And sir my last question would be on the non-mutual fund business. Again, we 
have seen a very healthy growth especially in the fourth quarter. So one, I wanted to understand 
what would be the segments which will see the maximum growth in FY'25? And also your 
thoughts around the growth through acquisition given that both Fintuple and 360 have been good 
acquisitions for us. So what are the areas that we will target, which will kind of grow through 
acquisitions or inorganic growth? Yes, that will be my last question. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Anuj Kumar: 
No, sure, Devesh. So if you see last year, which is FY'24. What added to the momentum of non-
MF growth is KRA as the biggest engine, pay as the second and AIF as the third. And I think in 
this year, I'm expecting the same to happen, which means these 3 will remain the engines, which 
will drive the growth.  
Account aggregator as a fourth engine was great in percentage growth, but the base is so small 
that absolute growth at company level has not been impacted. I'm expecting that in FY'25, 
account aggregator will also start making its presence felt in terms of making at least some 
increment to company financials, very small, but it will do that. 
So think of it as pay, KRA and AIF in the lead, account aggregator somewhere there. So then 
what it leaves is 2 franchises, 1 is insurance where we have said that the -- while 
environmentally, everything sounds very good, the exact niche to enter and the start scaling the 
adoption of EIA is perhaps still not 100% clear in the marketplace, not just with us, with 
everyone. You are holding out the large share. But absolute growth in terms of policies and EIA 
accounts, etcetera, is still a moderate number. 
So something has to happen materially as the Bima Central becomes a large franchise, adoption 
is very great or consumers wake up and they want to start adopting EIA accounts. That's 1 part 
which can play out and Think is the other one, which can also play out. Fintuple is a small 
constituent. But like I said, is doing some very meaningful work.  
So when you look at MF plus 6, which is non-MF of these 6 constituents, I think Pay, KRA, AIF 
as the 3 leaders, account aggregator coming as the fourth, driving the engine. And then between 
insurance repository and Think where percentage wasn't very high last year, if they are able to 
kind of be the penetration and scale up, then we could have them also participating. But the first 
3 really will continue to lead the charge. That was the first part of your question. 
The second, you asked about acquisitions and whether we have an intention whether we are 
shortlisting things. So yes, we are looking at the market. As usual, finding a good candidate in a 
good segment is always our intention. I can also tell you that while Fintuple was largely on the 
alternate side working with custodies and with AIFs and PMSs. Think, a core franchise, is more 
on the lending side not so much on the capital markets.  
We believe that a good target could come out of payments and insurance. And more than that, I 
don't have much to share because we haven't really thought sharper than that. We continue to 
scan the market all the time. But I believe between payments and insurance, it could be a nice 
segment for us to think of the next target company. When and how, we will update you whenever 
that happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Question on expense growth. Last year, we delivered about 15%. So looking forward to your 
FY '25, how should we think about it? I mean, part of it would obviously be driven by the revenue 
growth that we're able to achieve. But anything that's already kind of committed and part of the 
investment pipeline? 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Ramcharan SR: 
So Abhijeet, yes, we do not -- 2 things. One is that I indicated earlier, which is that the usual 
increase in salaries and given the market and given the technology focus that we have, will 
continue to happen, that's a given in terms of what we do. So our overall expense growth, I think 
last time it was around 18% is what including 15% in terms of year-on-year. I do not foresee 
that expense growth will be much larger than this.  
We do not have -- we continue to invest in the products, as I said, the run rate is around INR7 
crores a quarter is what we invest in the new platforms. We don't see that changing drastically 
either upwards or downwards in terms of what we invest. Obviously, the revenue that's coming 
out of it just next to nil a few quarters back, it's now ramping up. So that will have a beneficial 
impact. But from an expense perspective, I don't think we're going to cut down on our 
investments or moderate that to any extent. 
So I don't think that you will see any difference in terms of expense growth for the next year for 
your projections. No exceptional expenses are being planned as of now from a revenue 
perspective. If and when there is some concrete plan on re-architecting platforms, etcetera, we 
will come back with a proper explanation for that.  
And that will be more kind of a long-term platform building, not a short-term operating expenses 
kind of a ramp-up that you will see. So the short answer is we don't expect exceptional expenses 
coming up for the next year, and it will be in line with what you are seeing now. Obviously, as 
we go along, we might see some strains on salary cost or we might moderate salary cost that 
depends on how the market behaves, but overall, not much of a difference. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Understood. And one data question, what's the current headcount? And if you can split it up 
between MF and non-MF business? 
Ramcharan SR: 
Yes, the current headcount is around 7,800. This includes around 1,200 people in the front office 
for MF and around 2,500 people in the back office for MF, then that includes around 800 
technology-related resources. And then there are about 100 in risk and compliance. And the rest 
are split into corporate, support, the new businesses that we are into in terms of pay, Rep. Pay 
will have around 100 people, repository will have around 250 people. KRA will have 150 people. 
So that's how it gets split into. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, congratulation on a great set of numbers. Firstly, on the margin front, the -- what would you 
attribute more to and if you could give some granularity as to how much of the increase in 
margins is coming in from the new businesses? And how much is from the scale-up in the MF 
business? So some understanding as to -- and that will help us think about the margins in FY'25 
and beyond as to how should we kind of think about margins.  
But Ram did mention about the cost and you'll be able to maintain margins between 45%, 46%. 
But if you could help us understand the quality of margins in the MF and the non-MF business, 
that would be helpful. And just in that context, it would be great if you could start sharing some 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
information on the subsidiaries on a quarterly level in terms of profitability. That's just a 
feedback, yes. That will be my first question. 
Ramcharan SR: 
No, thanks, Prayesh. We've taken that feedback. And just we do track from a -- I'll just give a 
caveat that all the non-MF business are not homogeneous, and we don't follow the same pattern 
in terms of market, pricing, target markets, etcetera, revenue model, etcetera. But then just for 
the ease of understanding, I kind of put it into MF and non-MF buckets. 
We have seen a creep up in the margins of non-MF given that the platform businesses are -- 
predominantly are all platform businesses. We've seen what used to be a 15% kind of overall 
EBITDA level across all businesses, that's now crept up to more than 20%. We still feel that 
there is room for growth on that. We feel the steady state is probably close to 35% to 40% given 
the nature of these businesses, but it will take time to come there. 
But we've seen a good growth from an overall perspective from the non-MF business also. But 
the bulk of the market increase is flowing from the mutual fund business. What you see is 
obviously earlier it used to be a depletion in margins because of the non-MF business. What we 
are seeing now, they're also starting to contribute incrementally to the margin growth. And 
hence, we don't see this reversing. The only reason why I kind of wanted to moderate, and Anuj 
also mentioned this earlier, to moderate the expectations for the next quarter or 2 is the annual 
cycle that comes from the salary increase. 
So traditionally, our impact has been about a couple of percentage on the sales has been the 
impact on the salary appraisal. Obviously, we would try to mitigate that to the extent possible 
with productivity increases and automation, etcetera. But the caveat has always been that in a 
quarter or the next quarter or 2, you might see some moderation in margins.  
But I feel that a steady-state margin would be around 45%. In a good quarter, it comes to 46%, 
in a bad quarter it will be a couple of basis points less than that, but that's a range bound number 
that we are seeing. On your subsidiaries performance and profit margin, we've considered that 
feedback, we will kind of definitely consider that while publishing the results for the next 
quarter. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And coming to the AIF business, and that has been one of our key focus areas and drivers. What 
I look at is quarterly, there is -- on a sequential basis, there is no major increase in revenues. 
That is the way we calculated it other -- on whatever percentage share you give, we calculate the 
numbers, applying that to the total revenues. From that, I'm seeing that the revenues are kind of 
flattish, right, sequentially. Why would that happen in a market where equities have done well 
and AIFs would have done well. So any or -- any thoughts there? 
Ramcharan SR: 
Prayesh, I think we have grown reasonably well quarter-on-quarter. Even in the last quarter, I 
think we grew on a quarter-on-quarter basis 5%, which is I think a decent number to grow. The 
nature of business is that you will have to keep repolishing the business as and when the fund's 
life go away. I think we're doing a decent job of that. And we have the newer lines coming in, 
in terms of the WealthTrak and the WealthServ, this onboarding as well as the analytics module.  

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
And GIFT City, the lot of sign-ups have happened, but the ramp up in business is expected to 
start off shortly. So I think we are doing decently well on a quarter-on-quarter basis. And we 
only expect this trajectory to be higher as we go forward as we just -- the products that we have 
launched become more industrialized in terms of adoption. As far as the GIFT City revenue 
going up, which we have a lot of sign-ups in the GIFT City, but I think for the actual operations 
to start will take some time. So I think we are on a reasonably good wicket on that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, even this would be -- revenues wouldn't be linked to AUM growth in this business, too? 
Ramcharan SR: 
So most of our billing is -- actually less than 25% is AUM-based billing. Most of the billing is 
dependent on the number of investors who are onboarded to a particular scheme, which is the 
way that the customers are moving towards. I know that competition has got a different view on 
this. But what we are seeing in the market is that the customers are preferring or, in fact, are 
insisting that the revenue for the RTA be linked to the number of investors being serviced rather 
than the AUM.  
And we see that that's also reasonable given the nature of the AIF business, given the large ticket 
sizes and one-time drawdown and investor servicing requirements being tied to that rather than 
to your commitment or AUM. So that's the way the revenue model is developing in AIF. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Last question on the cash is, what would be your current cash position? And how -- is 
there any -- so the entire cash would be available to shareholders, right? And what would be the 
plans to utilize the same? That would be my last question. 
Ramcharan SR: 
The closing cash position we had at 31st March was INR617 crores. This is before the 
recommended dividend. The dividend, I think the board recommended INR16.5 per share. That's 
a -- if the shareholders do approve that, it becomes a payout around INR80 crores, INR81 crores. 
So if you -- and even after that, we will have excess of INR525 crores, INR530 crores of cash 
on the books. That is the minimum net worth requirements for specific businesses. It could be 
INR25 crores for the pay business. It's probably a little less for the RTA businesses. But keeping 
all those things aside, the cash question is extremely comfortable and surplus. 
Anuj was mentioning this earlier, that there is -- we are -- on scanning the ecosystem for possible 
inorganic growth opportunities. So 1 possible use of the cash is when we arrive at a candidate 
for this inorganic growth, and at that point of time the Board will take a call on whether that's 
an appropriate way to move forward for us. But for that, the entire cash is definitely available 
for the shareholders barring some minimum net worth requirements for the individual 
businesses. And the use will be dividend and more dividend and if at all we decide on inorganic 
acquisition, which definitely we are looking out for, that will be the better use for the cash that 
we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi Group. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just a few questions from my side. First, going back to the AIF segment. You obviously don't 
give the number of investors in your disclosures and AUM is only data point that we get. On 
that, over the last let's say, first half versus third quarter versus fourth quarter, we have seen 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
some increase in yields, if I calculate revenues as a bps of AUM. Now is it a function of new 
clients getting onboarded or the WealthServ, platforms on the modules, digital onboarding 
modules that you have kind of maybe sold to your customers?  
So just wanted to get a sense of what is a recurring sort of revenues growth in this segment 
versus, let's say, if there is any one-off sort of upfront income that you're booking because of 
this rapid growth in the new clientele that you're onboarding? Second, as you said -- correctly 
alluded that your competition has taken a different view on this segment. So from a structural 
perspective, do you really see pricing being stable in this segment? Or should -- or can one see 
some amount of volatility out there? 
Second question will be on the entire non-MF businesses. Now you alluded to the fact that first 
movers in this segment obviously have some advantages in terms of both client recognition and 
trust. Having said that, you also alluded to the fact that it can be replicated over a period of time 
by competitors. Given that some of segments are quite nascent and maybe not duopolistic in 
nature, what is the pricing you are seeing in any of these non-MF business?  
Is it sustainable from a perpetual perspective or can there be some amount of volatility? Lastly, 
two data keeping questions. One is if you can give your KRA revenue mix for FY 2024 as a 
percentage of your -- sorry, for FY 2023 as a percentage of your overall revenues? And the 
second will be the 7,800 employee base, if you can just split it between permanent and 
contractual? 
Anuj Kumar: 
Okay. So that's quite a few questions. I'm just thinking which order to answer them in. But let 
me just take your question on non-MF and non-duopolistic markets. And that is true that across 
these markets, pricing plays out in a very different way. There are 1 or 2 markets where you 
could have a base pricing or more uniform pricing. KRA is 1 example where there is a set of 3 
or 4 participants. And therefore, selling on price hasn't been a endemic feature of that 
marketplace.  
That marketplace can be counted as a stable marketplace despite having several competitors. 
But if you go anywhere else, if you go to repository, where the price of converting a policy or 
the annual maintenance is perhaps half to one-third of what it used to be 5 years back. If you say 
account aggregator where the price of a single data pull is half to one-third to one-fourth and 
sometimes lesser of what it used to be at one-time. 
And if you take payments where, as the ticket size falls, the INR2 to INR3 per trigger that is the 
standard price, we try to accommodate our clients, let's say, if somebody is launching INR100 
of SIP collection or even smaller ones, we do accommodate. So therefore, not that in the MF 
RTA business, there is some great advantage of price. You have seen that despite being the two-
player market, it does see a bit of price erosion.  
In the others, I think they are as competitive markets as you've seen anywhere else. And for a 
lot of them, pricing is perhaps getting to a stable place. Because if you've seen a -- pricing is 
perhaps sub INR2 at times and INR1 per pull. If you see policy conversion and maintenance, 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
which used to be upwards of INR10, there are places where it could get sold for half the price, 
and that is true of payments, too. 
So we don't worry too much about predatory pricing because a lot of these competitors are stable, 
which means that one guy trying to just gain share basis asymmetry in price is something we 
don't see often, prices have -- in general, as consumption goes up, prices dwindle down. You've 
seen that in all these 3 markets. Even in the new market, we've seen that, Rep is a stable market, 
more than 10 years old, we've seen that, and so is payments. So I don't think there is cause to 
worry about pricing depletion is one force of nature, which is going to hit us on the face. 
It is something that you deal with it every day or every month. It's like 4 gifted manufacturers 
or 4 car manufacturers perhaps behaves the same way, the threats are the same, the opportunities 
are the same. We have a stated position of not being a price player. So that is one thing we do 
not sell unless it's a relationship deal or a client we really want to be with, we don't sell price. 
What our competition does is obviously evident to you, a lot of them are listed, and therefore, 
you see how they strategize in the markets. So that's how I would answer your question number 
3. I'm thinking of -- do you want to take that? 
Ramcharan SR: 
Yes. So on your question on AIF. So it is -- well, almost all the revenue is annuity(1.00.39mins) 
in nature. It's not as if there is a onetime revenue that we book. There is some amount of 
implementation for the onboarding platform, but that's insignificant when compared to the 
overall revenue. And even in WealthServ not only do you have implementation cost, you also 
have an AMC cost that we bill. It's not some one-time revenue that's booked to ensure -- that is 
kind of causing the increase in yield or growth that you're seeing.  
It's kind of -- what happens is that fund's life will fall off and new funds will get launched. So if 
at all, there is some fluctuations in the revenue, it will be because of the life of the fund and not 
because of our billing model. And we continue to see whatever the plus or minus, I think on the 
assets we see around 1.5 bps of yield that we continue to see across a reasonable period of time, 
probably it might vary from 1 quarter to another quarter. 
Again, that's not how we bill, but just for reference, you can probably have that as the number. 
From -- I think you also asked revenue -- or 7,800 employees and how many are -- I think we 
have a policy that most of the employees are in-house. We have less than 500 people who are 
probably vendor staff and all those things. So most of the employees are on roll and -- on the 
roll of CAMS or its subsidiaries, and that's the split that we have. KRA 2023 revenue, I think 
some more detail, I can probably share the detail with you in terms of how the revenue was 
ramped up. But suffice to say that this year has been exceptional in terms of revenue growth 
with a 90% growth, and our strategy has also changed on that. But the exact revenue on '20, '21, 
'22, '23, I will probably share with you separately. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just one small follow-up. With this employee number of 7,800, what total we did in '23 last 
year? 
Anuj Kumar: 
So we have added on average around 550 headcount over the year-on-year basis. When I say 
average, I mean for average for the period. It's not start to end. 

 
Computer Age Management Services Limited 
 
 
May 10, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as our last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ramcharan sir please for the closing comments. 
Ramcharan SR: 
Thank you, Neha. And we thank all the participants for taking time to be a part of this earnings 
call and your continuing interest in CAMS is appreciated. In case of any questions, please do 
reach out to Orient Capital or Anish Sawlani in Investor Relations in CAMS, and they'll be 
happy to respond. And thanks once again for your time and hoping to stay in touch and engaged. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Computer Age Management Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
