Regd. Office: 
Hazi Rattan Link Road, Post Box No. 71, Bathinda-151001 
Ph.: 0164-2240163, 2240443, 2211628, 
Fax: 0164-5003638 
Website: www.bcl.ind.in 
Email: bcl@mittalgroup.co.in 
CIN: L24231PB1976PLC003624 
 
 
 
CORPORATE RELATIONSHIP DEPARTMENT 
BSE LIMITED 
FLOOR 25, FEROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS, 
DALAL STREET 
MUMBAI- 400001 
THE MANAGER, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD., 
EXCHANGE PLAZA, 
BANDRA KURLA COMPLEX, BANDRA (EAST), 
MUMBAI – 400051 
BSE Code: 524332 
NSE SCRIP CODE: BCLIND 
 
Date: 28/05/2024 
 
 
Reg: Analyst/Investors Concall held on 23/05/2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the audio recording of 
Analyst and Investor Conference Concall on Audited financial result of the Company for the Fourth 
Quarter / Year ended 31st March, 2024  held on 23rd  May,  2024 has been uploaded On the Company’s 
Website i.e. www.bcl.ind.in. 
 
The link to access the audio call recording is given below: 
 
https://bcl.ind.in/uploads/audio/2lKCWDqsslTyArRqu1nRyzrjNbalfnPniTzwjsa6.mp3 
 
We hereby annex the transcript of the conference call for larger dissemination amongst the 
public at large. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
  
 
 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For BCL Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Ajeet Kumar Thakur 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
AJEET KUMAR 
THAKUR
Digitally signed by AJEET 
KUMAR THAKUR 
Date: 2024.05.28 12:16:42 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“BCL Industries Limited 
Q4 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2024 
  
 
 
  
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJINDER MITTAL - MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
BCL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. KUSHAL MITTAL – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– BCL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITIN AWASTHI - INCRED EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the BCL Industries Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by InCred Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin 
Awasthi from InCred Equities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Thank you, Muskan. We thank the management of BCL Industries for giving us this opportunity 
to host their call today. From the management, we have today, Mr. Rajinder Mittal, the 
Managing Director, on behalf and instead of Mr. Kushal Mittal, along with their IR represented 
by Priya Sen of Go India Advisors. I will now hand over the floor to Rajinder Ji for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Thank you, Mr. Nitin. Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to the Q4 and financial year 
24 Earnings Conference Call of BCL Industries Limited. 
 
The financial results and the investor presentation has been uploaded to the exchange and I hope 
you have the opportunity to review it. Before proceeding, it's important to note that all numbers 
discussed in the investor presentation and in my commentary are on consolidated basis. This 
includes the contribution from Svaksha Distillery where BCL holds 75% stake. 
 
FY24 has been a significant year and we have established ourselves as one of the largest grain-
based distilleries in India post the successful commissioning of our 100 KLPD ethanol plant at 
Svaksha Distillery Limited. This development marks the completion of second phase of the plant 
development and the total capacity at Svaksha now stands at an impressive 300 KLPD. This 
achievement highlights our commitment to growth and operational efficiency, and I am 
delighted to report that our overall distillery capacity has now reached 700 KLPD as previously 
guided. 
 
The company has been solely depending on utilizing maize for ENA & ethanol production. This 
quarter, owing to price inflation in both maize and broken rice, there has been dip in the margins. 
That said, we expect the margin to improve going forward as maize crop has arrived in Bihar 
and bumper crop are forecasted in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab as well. 
 
The price has been stabilized and we expect a cool-down in the raw material prices going 
forward. Last quarter, we announced our entry into the biodiesel segment. India has set a 
mandate for 5% biodiesel blending by 2030, yet currently stands at less than 1%. We see a 
significant supply gap that BCL is ready to address. In line with this, our plan to set up a biodiesel 
plant in Bathinda is on schedule. We have obtained all necessary clearances to establish a 75 
KLPD biodiesel plant. 
 
We will be using technical maize oil derived from our own product DDGS which is derived 
from distillery as primary raw material. All orders have been finalized and civil work will 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
commence in the first week of June. The company is targeting the commissioning of a biodiesel 
plant within the next 12 months. 
 
Once the biodiesel plant is operational, it will support full vertical integration and enhance the 
value addition in manufacturing ethanol from maize. As India's biofuel demand is anticipated to 
triple, BCL is positioned for substantial growth. Through strategic initiatives and government 
support, the company is expanding in the ethanol and biodiesel markets. 
 
To meet increasing demand, BCL is working towards raising its capacity to 850 KLPD in the 
next two years. Increasing its supply of bottled country liquor to meet the strong demand for its 
brand in Punjab. This fiscal year, BCL has sold over 12 lakh boxes of PML country liquor, more 
than double compared to last year's sales. 
 
We expect this momentum to continue in the future as well. Despite global volatility in the edible 
oil market, BCL has maintained a steady performance in this segment. The company's 
consolidated results in the edible oils for the quarter are attributed to its vigilant monitoring of 
international market trends and conservative approach in the sector, aimed at mitigating potential 
losses due to global fluctuations. 
 
Going forward, we are confident that as we expand our capacity and products offering, the 
company anticipates achieving full capacity utilization of the installed 700 KLPD distillery in 
FY 2024-25, which is expected to generate revenue exceeding INR1,750 crores, solely from the 
distillery operation. Currently, the company plans to gradually exit the edible oil business during 
the financial year 2024-25. Additionally, the company is awaiting approval for a 150 KLPD 
ethanol expansion at Bathinda and intends to commence work promptly upon receiving the 
necessary clearance. 
 
Let me now give you an overview of the financial and operational performances during the 
financial year 2024. During the financial year 2024, the company witnessed strong performance 
across the board. Total revenue reached INR2,209 crores, making a 21% year-on-year increase. 
EBITDA for the period reached to INR 199 crores, representing a growth of 53% year-on-year. 
Net profit for the financial year reached INR 92.83 crores, with a growth of about 47%. PAT 
margin reached 4.4%, viz a viz 3.5% last year.  
 
In financial year 2024, the distillery segment experienced remarkable growth in the ethanol 
production. We produced 1,29,949 KL ethanol during the financial year 2024 and the revenue 
touching INR853 crores. EBITDA from the distillery segment reached INR178 crores, up by 
85% from the financial year 2023. 
 
In the fourth quarter of the financial year 2024, revenue amounted to INR614 crores, up 34% 
year-on-year basis. With an EBITDA of INR52 crores and EBITDA margin of 8.5%, net profit 
for the quarter stood at INR24 crores. With a PAT margin of 3.9%. Revenue from the ENA 
segment grew by 33% to INR57 crores, while revenue from the ethanol was INR278 crores, up 
by 136%. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet by managing our debt wisely. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Additionally, we are dedicated to ensuring the highest standard of governance and disclosure. 
Our aim is to provide industry standard returns and create value for our stakeholders. 
 
That concludes my update. You can now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Agastya Dave from CAO Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Agastya Dave: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Two to three points I want to understand from you. 
Sir, you mentioned that you are expecting a bumper crop for maize. So, can you give a timeline 
as to when our plants will start receiving the new maize stock? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Very good question. I think with the farmers getting very remunerative price, and this is the only 
commodity without the support of the government is fetching the MSP price for the farmers. 
And with this, there has been a bumper crop in Bihar also. 
 
We have already started receiving the crop in both the plants. And I think we should be better 
placed in the current quarter. And in UP also, there has been an increase in the sowing of about 
25%. And same is the position with Punjab. So, this crop is almost around the year. With the 
finishing of Bihar crop, the UP crop starts coming. With the diminishing of stock at UP, the 
Punjab crop starts coming. And with the diminishing, then Madhya Pradesh, then Rajasthan. So, 
around the year, maize is available. 
So, the price and the supply are governed by the production. So, we are hopeful that the prices 
have already cooled down from the peak level. And they are within the MSP. However, we have 
to adhere to the MSP so that the farmers get the better price. And there is no shortfall of the raw 
material for the ethanol supply. 
Agastya Dave: 
Sir, a follow-up then, if the availability is going to be all year round, at MSP, what kind of 
EBITDA margins can you generate? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
I think there will be improvement in EBITDA margins. I cannot comment upon right now what 
would be the percentage part of it. But there will be definitely improvement. Because last year, 
there was a big problem that the government made the differential rate of maize and broken rice. 
That was a sudden shock. And the rice supply from FCI source was stopped. 
So, we were hovering around which raw material to base it on. However, we had the benefit that 
our plant was designed in such a way, owing to the promoter's experience, that we were able to 
process each and every kind of raw material. So, we shifted it to maize. Basically, rice is not 
even a very good proposition for the ethanol plant. First, we consume a lot of water and then we 
convert that water into fuel. So, that was not a sensible idea. 
And the government realizing that there is some gap between the policy and the execution and 
the environmental angle. So, they filled up that gap. Suddenly, and we were not expecting, 
everybody was taken at a shock. Suddenly, the supplies were stopped. Maize supplies were not 
sufficient. There was a cooperation from the government side. The farmers also did not get time, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
but as the farmers are understanding now there has been a substantial increase in the sowing 
pattern of the maize. And there will be, you can say, everyone will be benefitted and there will 
be you can say quite a substantial improvement in the working of the company. Our full 700 
KLPD production is already commissioned. And we are utilizing this 100% capacity for the last 
15 days. So, the Bhatinda’s 400 KLPD we were utilizing, 200 we were, 100 KLPD was added 
about a month back. That will also (Inaudible 13:09) improve the working of the company. 
Agastya Dave: 
Great, sir. One last question, sir. For the next two years, FY '25 and '26, can you guide us 
towards, first, the ethanol plus ENA volume numbers? And second, you have mentioned that in 
the next 12 months, your bioethanol facility will be up and running. So, net of what you will be 
using in that facility, what would be the total sellable volume for ENA plus ethanol plus 
bioethanol? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes. So, basically, now ENA and ethanol, we have got a dual licensing. So, we operate our units 
on the basis of demand and supply. So, we have got that kind of flexibility. We can do 700 
KLPD ethanol, and we can do 400 KLPD of ENA. There's no limit for ethanol manufacturing. 
There's a limit for manufacturing [Inaudible 14:09] 
Agastya Dave: 
That's why I asked for the combined numbers, ENA plus ethanol as one? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
We'll be utilizing our full capacity. So, 700x330, so that will be our total numbers. So, 700x330, 
it will be around about 23 crores litres of ethanol and ENA both. So, I can't spell out what will 
be the, you can say, contribution of ENA or ethanol, but certainly I can comment about 70% will 
be ethanol and 30% could be ENA. 
Agastya Dave: 
And bioethanol, sir? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Bioethanol, this is biodiesel, bioethanol is biodiesel. 
Agastya Dave: 
Biodiesel. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Bioethanol is the sprit based and biodiesel is vegetable oil based. So, there are two different 
aspects, and the processing is also quite different. So, what we have done is that since we are 
operating both the plants on maize, so there is a, in maize we have some technical oil which can 
be extracted from that, so which we are already doing it. 
So, now the technical oil will be converted into biodiesel. For that, we don't require any kind of 
raw material. The raw material for the extraction plant will be the DDGS, and the oil with the 
fats, which will be derived from the DDGS, will be converted into biodiesel. 
So, we don't have to buy anything, any raw material as regard to this. So, it will be only 
processing charges, and that will be a huge potentially, I think, as per our estimates, you can say, 
shield the company from coming competition, and you can say it will be a backward integration 
or forward integration. 
Agastya Dave: 
So, can you quantify it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Quantify, I can't, I don't have the figures as of now ready with me. 
Agastya Dave: 
Okay, thank you very much. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
I can say INR83 per liter is the base price for the supply of biodiesel, and if I take it 75 KLPD x 
330 working days. So, it will be around about 2 crores liters per annum, starting from the next 
financial year. 
Agastya Dave: 
Starting from FY '26? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
'25-'26. Because, as I mentioned, that will be taking about 11 to 12 months to complete the 
project. The machines have been already ordered, and the civil work has already commenced, 
and all the requisite approvals are with us. So, we don't foresee any delay in the project. We 
should be, as per the schedule, of 12 months, that is maybe the first week of the next financial 
year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Hi, good evening, Rajinderji. It's good to see you on the call. So, first question is regarding this 
Svaksha 100 KLPD. I think that numbers are not included in the Q4 results? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes, because we started our plant somewhere mid-April. So, the stabilization has come this last 
week only. So, the first 15 days were on trial and now we are achieving 100% capacity of 100 
KLPD from about a week back. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay, sir. So, from 100 KLPD, we can expect INR250 crores of incremental revenue in this 
year? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Definitely, about INR270 or INR280 crores will be the incremental revenue from this 100 
KLPD. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Sure. So, regarding this maize procurement, sir, I think government is planning to form a 
corporation that will procure from farmers and supply to the ethanol producers. So, any update 
on that, when we can get that? And if it is realized, whether it will be a little bit beneficial for us 
if we can get maize at a lower price, or there won't be much effect on our business? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
No, let me explain the things. The NAFED has been given the task for procuring this maize on 
account, on behalf of this distilleries. But you see that our company, we are born and brought up 
in grain only. So, we don't require that kind of a support from NAFED or other else. So, the new 
incumbent, which are not familiar, may have some value procuring from NAFED but if we 
procure the raw material maize through NAFED, it will be a costly affair. 
Because NAFED will procure at MSP, take it to their godown, all the spending's will be done. 
Whereas, we have links around the, you can say, in all the states where the maize is being 
produced and transportable to both the plants. So, we have got good links. So, we don't have to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
put extra money or extra expenditure on that. So, the direct procurement is always cheaper as 
compared to the maize being procured through NAFED or any other agency. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Understood. And regarding the price increment, actually, in the last call, we were speaking to 
Mr. Kushal. So, we expected that there will be some good jump in the margins because of the 
pricing improvement of the INR71.86 which is almost 9% incremental for the previous year 
revision. So there is a price improvement of 9% and we have this additional boilers. So we are 
also expecting some savings from that also in this quarter.  
But surprisingly, we could not be able to get that done. So that much of 10% hike in the raw 
material was there to mitigate this one or is there anything else we're missing in, sir? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
As I explained earlier and you will see that these EBITDA margins as compared to any other 
ethanol plant are still in a better position and that is because of the rice-straw boiler and our grain 
buying policy or the grain buying experience. As I've already explained that this policy of giving 
maize preference as compared to the damaged food grains was floated -- that just came to a 
surprise to everybody.  
The stoppage of FCI rice then the differential between the damaged food grain and the maize. 
So everybody you can say the market started hoarding maize and you can say giving that they 
will have to buy. So that gave a temporary jump to the prices or the availability of the raw 
material which has now stabilized. So as I mentioned the last quarter was affected with that. But 
now the things have stabilized and all the raw materials have been tied up. We expect better 
results in the current financial year or current quarter as compared to the last quarter. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay sir and lastly, on the capex side sir. So this year we can expect this INR270 crores of 
incremental revenue and for the FY '26 so from the biodiesel plant we are expecting 
approximately 75 KLPD, and 150 KLPD of Bathinda expansion when we can -- when it will get 
realized and I think we can expect around INR350 crores from that also and when it can be 
realized that could come? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So we are expecting the environmental clearance and other statutory clearance very soon. And 
as soon as we have those kinds of permissions. There will be -- we'll be taking a very minimum 
time in putting that 150 KLPD because land and other utilities are already available in the 
company. Technical wise no problem and tying up funds is also not a problem. So we hope that 
we could take both the projects in the biodiesel and 150 KLPD commissioned in the next 
financial year that's '25, '26. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay. And lastly I think we have some Greenfield expansion plans in the Madhya Pradesh and 
somewhere else after these capacity additions 150 KLPD. So any update on that, sir? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes. We are thinking, but we don't have any concrete plan, but we are just going for a survey to 
make our presence in Madhya Pradesh because the -- in Madhya Pradesh we've got lot of you 
can say raw materials and is the heart of the country from where the transportation, the logistic 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
costs will come down. So that is still under the thinking that's still not anything concrete on the 
file that just you can say we are surveying the project. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
That’s all from my side. Thanks a lot and good to see you in the call.  
Rajinder Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Sancheti from Maanya Finance. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. What is the average price of maize for this quarter? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
This quarter, I think the landed cost would be around about say INR23,000 per metric tons for 
both the units as compared to you can say last quarter it should be around, I don't really have the 
exact figure, but as per my estimate it would be around about INR24,200. So there is a reduction 
of about INR1 per kg to INR1.25 per kg reduction in this quarter. Definitely that will help us to 
perform better. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And do you think post elections the restrictions on damaged crops will be going so that -- I mean 
once it gets lifted, so we might shift to even FCI crop later or we will stick to maize? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
No. You have to understand the policy. Government policy and government endeavor giving a 
differential price to the maize that to about INR7 a liter which is quite high 9% to -- near to 10%, 
11%. So we have decided that we'll on maize throughout the year and maize is not a problem 
for the procurement because of that only forward integration so that to reduce the cost of raw 
material we are going for the oil extraction, fat extraction from DDGS and convert this agro to 
biodiesel. 
 
Our will remain in maize and in Punjab especially, the Punjab government is promoting the 
cultivation of maize due to the water scarcity, due to the power scarcity and so many other factor 
that the water level going down and crop diversification program. All focus are of state 
government where this groundwater is being extracted so that -- from that this cropping pattern 
changes to the cultivation of maize. So I think in the long run we'll be more benefited by this 
policy change in the policy for the stoppage of the use of the groundwater for the cultivation of 
this paddy and rice. So that's too much of supply. I think we will stick on maize only. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Since you're a market veteran, I actually wanted to ask you that if you can elaborate how the 
company would adapt to government policies if they were to change -- if there was a government 
change or how will the company mitigate the risk? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So -- that is the reason you can say that basically the government change of policy, this is an 
irreversible policy as regard the using of blending of ethanol in the petrol or biodiesel because 
we have to reduce the carbon emissions in the coming years. We have to increase the farmer's 
income. So now policy change could be that there could be a free pricing, maybe 2 years back, 
3 years when the government is satisfied that we have got ample supply. So for that, we are 
going for this forward and backward integration. There is a reason.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
So in that question, our raw material costs will come down if we are able to extract the oil from 
the maize and then convert that into biodiesel. So nobody is thinking about that. So we have 
started executing that plan. So that is kind of thing. The second is that our power and this steam 
requirement, process steam requirement we have converted that from the rice-straw which is 
available in abundance in a cheap fuel. So fuel cost we are -- you can say targeting the raw 
material costs we are targeting. 
We have got to reduce the raw material cost, put lesser burden on the ethanol, divert some profits 
to our extraction units and then biodiesel unit. So all this it will be integrated complex of kind 
in India. So that is the reason that we are trying to enhance our capacity so that the manpower 
cost, our per liter comes down, our finance cost per liter comes down. So all these things we are 
taking step and I think we'll be able to manage any price fluctuation or any change in the policy 
in a much better way. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Great and even the biodiesel will also be from maize only? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes. So we would have to buy any raw materials. So that will be -- this will be the -- you can 
say that DDGS which we derive after extracting of the ethanol from waste, whatever the residue. 
That will -- that is going to the poultry and cattle-feed. So poultry and cattle-feed industry does 
not require the fat contents. So they only want the protein. If we extract the vegetable side from 
that DDGS, the product of protein will go up.  
So we'll be able fetch even the better price of DDGS and this vegetable oil or you can say the 
maize oil will be available with the company by spending just the processing cost and converting 
that into biodiesel will be further value addition. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Great. And this biodiesel will be in Punjab itself?  
Rajinder Mittal: 
It will be in this Punjab unit itself and after this successful commissioning, we propose to put 
that unit in Kharagpur also. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. Yes, makes sense because the same raw material can be flown in for the biodiesel also? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes. And the finished product of the distillery will be the raw material for the extraction plant 
and the finished you can say product of that is the vegetable oil will be the raw material for the 
ethanol plant. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Right. And we have already completed all the purchases of Paddy straw? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes, Paddy straw is already fully stocked with us. So, that's about 15-20 days before purchased. 
So, we don't have much of time but we have got the entire full year fuel with us at a much, much 
cheaper price. So, that will be you can say taking care of our enhanced fuel cost or you can say 
the other parts. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Right. And post-elections, how do we expect the demand for country liquor going? Because 
generally elections, I mean the demand goes up but post-elections, do you think it will remain? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Rajinder Mittal: 
No, it's not like that. Country liquor is sold all around the world. I think the last time we sold 12 
lakh cases, 1.2 million cases. So, this time our target is to achieve 2 million cases. So, which 
will, I think will achieve very comfortably because of this country liquor brands are now well 
established, and we have got a great demand and even we are enhancing our capacity of the 
bottled frequency plant. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Right now, what is the damaged grain prices going on right now? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Damaged food grain are hovering around about INR25 to INR26 a kg in Punjab and as well as 
in West Bengal and whereas the landed cost of this maize is around about INR23 a kg. So, there 
is about INR3 per kg difference between both the raw materials. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
This quarter, how much ENA did we make in terms of percentage? So, how much percent was 
ENA, how much percent was ethanol? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Percentage, I think we have made very less ENA. I don't have the exact figures but our capacity 
utilization is complete according to 400 KL and 300 KL. But I think we have reduced ENA a 
little bit because basically the differential price of ethanol, so that is you can say, we are not able 
to you can say supply them at a cheaper rate because the damaged food grain prices in both of 
the plant. Manufacturing ENA are operating on damaged food grain. 
 
So, they don't have the ethanol plants. Ethanol rates of INR7 litter less of damaged food grain. 
So we didn’t get that. So, that is the reason that we have augmented our plant in such a way that 
even we can produce 700 KLPD of ethanol alone. The part of ENA that we have separated now 
has a lower target and we have also bought less of it. Because basically we are selling above 
INR7 per litter, what is OMC selling. So, why we will try to produce ENA? Though we are 
producing for that to retain our customers. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
So, we can take that opportunity whenever we want? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes, that is always there. Within 12 hours we can shift our production from ethanol to ENA. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Great, great. And just last question was regarding... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir. I just request you to rejoin the queue, please. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Sure, I will rejoin the queue. Thank you Rajinderji. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
Hi, sir. In the presentation, you have mentioned that you will do INR1,750 crores of revenue this 
year from the distillery business segment. So what kind of EBITDA margins are we looking at 
in FY '25 conservatively for this segment? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Basically, it is a very difficult question to -- because it is an agro-based community and there are 
so many, you can say, question marks. But I think, as far as our estimate and as our -- which we 
have proposed, there should be a substantial increase, improvement in the EIBTDA margins in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
the current financial year with the price of maize stabilizing and with the, you can say, 
commissioning of the entire 700KLPD capacity and plus the benefits to be derived from this rice 
straw power plant. 
 
So, I think coupled with all these things and plus the interest subvention scheme at both the 
plants, we should have a decent increase in the margins as compared to this last financial year. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. And in terms of -- business segments like vegetables and all the other segments, 
what kind of revenue and bottom-line guidance are we looking at in FY '25 and overall in the 
consolidated basis for the company? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
As I mentioned in my, you can say, address, that INR 1,750 crores will be the revenue derived 
from this ethanol and the ENA business from both the plants. And we are slowly taking back 
our exposure from the vegetable oil segment as we have got a number of things that debar us 
from continuing with this sector for a very long time because we have got a very small basket 
and the big players have a very big basket of so many, you can say, items. They are producing 
masalas, rice, atta and so many things. 
 
So, we don't find a good future in this product. Moreover, this is a very sensitive commodity and 
government has almost zeroed the duty on this vegetable oil. So, mostly our revenue will be and 
concentration would be on this ethanol and ENA and biodiesel. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. So, going forward, I mean, are we planning to sell those units or are we just trying to 
shut down all the non-ethanol business? I mean, I want to understand in terms of how it would 
expect the profit and loss in your balance sheet like… 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So, let me explain you that this vegetable oil complex is in the heart of the city. So, as per the 
present master plan, the government of Punjab allows us to operate the red category industry up 
to 31st March '25 only and there could be some extension also. So, we don't want to avail that 
extension. So, simply will be some part of this, you can say, machines are common as regards 
the manufacturing of biodiesel plant. 
So, we'll be shifting some part of the machinery for the manufacturing of biodiesel and oil 
extraction and rest will be scrapping out or selling it and we'll monetize the land parcel, which 
is a quite expensive, you can say, piece of land. So, we'll monetize that and put the function of 
the company. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. According to the current market price, what would be the estimated price of that land 
parcel? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Land parcel basically will be, you can say, we plan to shut down our unit by, say, end of this 
financial year in '25. So I'm not very sure what kind of, it's very difficult to say that what amount 
will be fed. But I think depends upon the circumstances of the real estate by next year and how 
the new government moves about the housing policy, all these things depend. But it is a very, 
you can say, prime location parcel with the company. So, we'll see that how much, but no 
estimates as of now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Imran from Longbow India Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Imran Khan: 
Hi, thanks. Sir, my first question is on maize prices. You mentioned last quarter, it was about 
INR23 on an average. This quarter… 
Rajinder Mittal: 
This quarter is 23 and last quarter, it was about 24.20. 
Imran Khan: 
24.20. Okay. So, this quarter is only 23, right? And so, the other question that I have is on the 
DDGS prices. How has the DDGS prices, behaving now in the last quarter? Is it higher than the 
Q3? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
There has been a substantial reduction in the DDGS prices also. So, but that's just 30% , 70% is 
the ethanol and CO2 and the loss in the moisture. So, with a 30% reduction, something happens 
that has very little impact on raw materials. So, that is not substantial. But we are, you can say, 
having a good DDGS market for our products, owing to, you have a long customer base with us, 
because we are operating for the last one and a half year on the maize only. So, that is helping 
us to get the better price for our old customers. 
Imran Khan: 
Right. And has there been any power and fuel cost increase in Svaksha Distillery compared to 
last quarter? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Imran Khan: 
What I'm saying sir is, has there been any price increases in the power and fuel cost in Svaksha 
Distillery last quarter compared to Q3? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Power and fuel, I don't think there could be a substantial increase, I think. If at all it will be 
marginal. I have not studied that segment-wise that what will the power and fuel bill, maybe 
some extra expenditures might have been done while trying this – putting this 100 KLPD plant 
on trial. So – but I can't comment upon because I don't have that kind of Figures with me. But I 
don't think there has been a substantial jump in the – as compared to the last quarter. 
Imran Khan: 
Right. And sir, just one last question on the ENA realization, I think last quarter, your 
realizations are as high as INR 69.5 compared to INR 65, INR 66. So I was wondering why there 
has been a sudden jump of INR 3, INR4, INR4.5 here? Have you targeted some other 
geographies like Rajasthan for ENA sale? Or why -- just curious to know. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So actually, we were lucky to be opted for a tender when the market was at peak, all the raw 
material was at the peak. So we got the tender for the supply of ENA to the Rajasthan 
government. So that will continue up to June. So we had a very better price in that product. So 
that's why the ENA price has gone up. Though the ENA price in West Bengal, didn't fetch much 
of the price. So the price rise was only on account of a successful bidding in the tender for the 
Rajasthan – up to June. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. 
Narendra: 
So my first question is just an accounting one. So in your PPT, we can see that your distillery 
segment revenue is around INR330 crores, INR340-odd crores for the quarter. And in the 
financial results, I can see if I combine your distillery plus Svaksha revenue, so it's around 
INR400-odd crores. So what's the difference if you could tell me? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
I can't understand. You said this quarter -- let me look. So, this quarter Svaksha was about INR  
140 crores, INR 143 crores and that for BCL it was INR 256 crores because there 200 KLPD 
capacity was in operation. And here, we had some you can say, from July we -- from this quarter, 
400 KLPD was there. So that's why this double -- almost double.  
Narendra: 
Right. I understand, sir. So, I am saying, so if we see the result we can see 400 crores revenue 
from your distillery segment. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Right. 
Narendra: 
So, in the presentation we are showing around INR330-350 odd crores. So, the difference might 
be that difference. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
256 distillery segment was in BCL – 75% might be that difference, because 143.68 will be 100% 
and for that we have taken 75%, might be that would be the difference. BCL owns 75% equity 
in Svaksha, so they must have taken 75% of the revenue. 
Narendra: 
No problem. So we can see that we have a revenue of INR 350-400 crores per quarter, without 
taking the 100 KLPD so if we are projecting INR 1,750 crores in FY25, are we being 
conservative or what? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
We are not being conservative, if we are projecting INR 400 crores in FY25, it will be INR 100 
crores in FY25 and INR 250 crores in FY25 it will be approximately INR1,750 crores in FY25, 
if you like to understand, it will be around INR 260 crores in FY25 per year per 100 KL 
depending on the price of DDGS and other things, other 2-3-5% I can’t say. But it will be what 
I have told. 
Narendra: 
And the biodiesel plant, we will be making a higher margin then if at all I am not wrong, 
directionally. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
It will be different for Ethanol, basically the ethanol part is complete when we process any raw 
material and there are 3 products coming out of it, one is the ethanol or ENA, second product is 
the carbon dioxide, and third product is the DDGS so we will be processing DDGS to have the 
raw material for the biodiesel. So basically only the value addition part will be there, there will 
be marginal decrease in the realization of DDGS and the higher realization of that fat portion 
derived from the maize. So raw material will not be buying from off-site. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kush Shah from Niveshay. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Kush Shah: 
So what's the margin are you expecting from the biodiesel segment? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
The biodiesel segment actually margins will be good. But I can't spell out the numbers as of now 
basically we will not be buying any raw material, the finished product of the one plant will be 
the raw material for the other and the finished product for that plant will be the raw material for 
the other and it will be sold to the OMC but definitely there will be a huge reduction in the cost 
of the raw material and value addition as far as concerned but I can't spell out the exact numbers 
with you. 
Kush Shah: 
Sure. And what is the working capital requirement for it? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Working capital around INR15 crores, INR 20 crores whatever will be the outstanding towards 
the OMCs 
Kush Shah: 
INR15 crores, INR20 crores? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
INR15 crores, INR20 crores yes, because this much outstands 21 days, if we take 75 KL per day 
and multiply by 21 to 25 days so that will be the INR 15 crores, INR 20 crores only. 
Kush Shah: 
So my second question would be what capex does the company have planned and how it will be 
funded? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So the total capex on this plant would be around about INR160 crores out of this we have already 
moved the proposal with the bank for funding of INR90 crores and INR70 crores will be funded 
from the internal approval and plus some balancing equipment taken from this existing vegetable 
oil plant. So this will be in that way, total capex on that will be about INR 160 crores. 
Kush Shah: 
My last question would be the new 150 KLPD Bathinda distillery that you are expanding, will 
you be using paddy straw for that as well? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Yes, we will be using paddy straw as fuel for that and the raw material will be the maize and 
again you can say providing the raw material for the extraction and the biodiesel plant 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Rasagya Gandhi from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Rasagya Gandhi: 
I had a question on the biodiesel segment, what do you think the biodiesel will start contributing 
to the revenue and what will be the peak revenue expected? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
The total revenue from the biodiesel plant will be around about INR200 crores when it becomes 
fully operational so in the financial year we estimate that we will be able to utilize about 60% to 
70% of the capacity in the first year and subsequently about 90 and 100 so total peak revenue 
will be around about INR200 crores from this biodiesel segment 
Rasagya Gandhi: 
And sir, a follow up question on that, what is the expected ROCE from the biodiesel segment 
and what is the addressable market size? and any other player in this segment and do you need 
a specific technology to operate this segment? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So this, you can say, the biodiesel is a technology already available in India and lot many people 
are using this fatty acids, acid oils or palm steering for converting biodiesel but the raw material 
cost has gone up, making them on a very tight position but in our case, we will be, you can say, 
value adding or from the existing plant. 
So we don't have to buy the raw material as I mentioned so we will be extracting this oil and fat 
required to be converted into biodiesel from the DDGS which we are having from our distillery 
segment so there will be no cost and the ROCE would be, you can say, fantastic but I don't have 
the exact numbers before me but the peak revenue will be around about INR200 crores and with 
good margins it will be backward and forward integration 
Moderator: 
Thank you ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, we will take this as the last question. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So this was the last question? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
I hope all queries were answered satisfactorily if you have any questions, please reach out to our 
investor relations advisor, Go India Advisors. Thank you for your time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you on behalf of InCred Equities that concludes this conference thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
