I
©eeTFTEfa
fTqiqrJIcis
(qT{aHlq;T{ffl Spa;q)     (di en{ T  : L65910DL1986G01026363)
¥#2:4E3Fi.4¥'€:aa¥h:8,#:€;¥'FF=ttTs',Ecg;ants,*fca-iiooo3
INDIAN  RAIILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION  IJTD.
(A Government Of India Enterprise)   (CIN  :  L65910DL1986G01026363)
Regd. Office :  UG-Floor,  East Tower,  NBCC Place,  Bhlsham Pitamah Marg,  Pragati Vlhar,  Lodhi Road, New Delhi-110 003
Phone  :  011-24361480,  E-mail  :  info@irfc.co.in,  Website  :  https://irfc.co.in
No: IRFC/SE/2024-25/ 15                                                                                              28th May 2024
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited
Listing department, Exchange Plaza,
Listing Dept / Dept of Corporate Services,
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
P) Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 051
Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Symbol: IRFC
Scrip Code: 543257
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call
Sir/ Madam,
Pursuant to  Regulation  30  of SEBl(Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosures  Requirements)  Regulations,
2015, as amended from time to time , please find the attached herewith transcript of earnings call held
with analysts and investors on Friday, 24th May, 2024, to discuss the Audited financial results for Q4/FY
24 & Year Ended 31st March 2024.
This is submitted for your information and record.
Thanking You,
For Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited
(Vijay Babulal Shirode)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Encl:  AS Above
:.?fTT=...`
gq fca fi Ti=fflt 5T HTTTa ed €
VIJAY 
BABULAL 
SHIRODE
Digitally signed by 
VIJAY BABULAL 
SHIRODE 
Date: 2024.05.28 
16:21:21 -04'00'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
  
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. UMA RANADE – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR (ADDL CHARGE), CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – INDIAN RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION 
(IRFC) 
 
MS. SHELLY VERMA – DIRECTOR (FINANCE )– INDIAN 
RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION (IRFC) 
 
MR. SUNIL KUMAR GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – INDIAN RAILWAY FINANCE CORPORATION 
(IRFC) 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. SANKET CHHEDA – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
 
 
 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to IRFC's Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanket Chheda from DAM Capital Advisors. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Sanket Chheda: 
Yes. Hello and very good afternoon to all of you. We have with us entire senior management of 
IRFC to discuss their Q4 Earnings and this strategy from here on. From the management, we 
have Ms. Uma Ranade, who is CMD (Addl Charge),   CEO; Ms. Shelly Verma, who is Director 
(Finance); and Mr. Sunil Kumar Goel, who is a CFO. 
 
Without further ado, I'll hand the call over to Ms. Uma Ranade for her opening remarks. We will 
follow it up with Q&As. So over to you, ma'am. 
Uma Ranade: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome all of you to this conference call and I would also like to 
thank DAM Capital for organizing this call. Now, as you all know, we had declared our audited 
financial results for the financial year 2024 on the 20th of May and this call has been organized 
to share the company's performance for the year. We had already circulated our investor 
presentation. I'm sure you would have all received it by now and seen it. 
 
As you are aware, IRFC plays a strategic role as the sole market borrowing arm of the Indian 
Railways. IRFC has been consistently supporting railways capex funding both for rolling stock 
and other infra projects with extra budgetary resources. As we all know, railways capex has been 
increasing over the years with a focus on infrastructure, capacity enhancement, decongestion of 
high-density networks, passenger experience, safety requirements of its network, etcetera. 
Achieving reduction in logistic costs in the country, enhancing safety of passengers, these 
remain the priority areas of the government. 
 
Gross budgetary support has been kept at INR 252,000 crores for capital expenditure for railways 
in the interim budget of the financial year 2024-'25. Major part of the planned capex is directed 
towards implementation of major economic corridors namely for energy, mineral and cement, 
the energy, mineral and cement corridors, port connectivity and high-traffic density corridors. 
These railway corridor programs are being identified and will enable multi-modal connectivity. 
 
While energy, mineral and cement corridors will help to reduce air pollution, pollution on the 
roads and ensure reduction in the cost of logistics, corridors for the port connectivity will provide 
seamless connectivity to the ports through the railways in a multi-modal approach. There is also 
corridors planned to reduce the burden on the high-density traffic routes. Overall, through these 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
corridors, about 40,000 kilometers of new track is likely to be laid over the next six to eight 
years, which will significantly increase the railway capacity and reiterate the railways' 
commitment towards sustained development by reducing carbon emissions. 
 
These programs will also help to contribute to economic growth, accelerate GDP growth, reduce 
logistic costs for the nation, and improve passenger experience. There is also a plan to convert 
rail bogies to Vande Bharat standards. That is also being planned. There is also a plan to use part 
of the funding for modern Vande Bharat trains and deploying automated train safety technology 
across the Indian railway network. The capex funding of the Indian Railways is primarily funded 
by the budgetary support and extra budgetary sources which include IRFC borrowings. 
 
From financial year '21-'22, budgetary support for the Indian Railways has increased 
tremendously and, correspondingly, extra budgetary resources have been scaled back. In the 
financial year 2024, there was no requirement for extra budgetary resources to the railways due 
to the high budgetary support and, thus, there was no funding done by IRFC. 
 
Although in the interim budget for the financial year '25, there is no EBR requirement from 
IRFC. However, the final budget for '25 is yet to be placed in parliament and passed. IRFC 
mandate also covers financing for projects with backward and forward linkages with the 
railways. Accordingly, we are actively looking at funding such projects in the railway ecosystem 
apart from funding of the Indian Railways and exploring opportunities in collaboration with 
other infrastructure lenders. 
 
Now I will request our Director (Finance) to take you through investor presentation and share 
the financial highlights for the financial year 2024 before we move on to the question-and-
answer session. Over to you, Shelly. 
Shelly Verma: 
Thank you, ma'am. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin with a brief snapshot of the company. 
IRFC, as you know, is systemically important infrastructure finance company with major 
shareholding by Government of India through Ministry of Railways. The current security state 
by the government is 86.36%. IRFC is a dedicated financial for Indian Railways as we have 
mentioned, and entire financing to Indian Railways is through finance lease model both for 
rolling stock and infrastructure projects. 
 
It's a low-risk cost plus model as all the costs incidental to borrowing, including hedging and 
currency risk and interest rate risks are passed through and we are getting a consistent margin 
over the years. Margin for rolling stock is 40 bps and it is 35 bps for projects. This margin is 
added to weighted average cost of funds raised during the year to work out lease tenders. Total 
lease period is 30 years. 
For rolling stock, this lease period is split between primary lease period of 15 years and 
secondary lease period of another 15 years. And during primary lease period, we recover all our 
investments and only nominal rent is paid during the secondary lease period. For projects, the 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
rentals start after a moratorium period of five years and the primary lease period is 15 years, 
secondary lease period is 10 years. 
 
IRFC has been giving consistent financial performance over the years. We have highest domestic 
credit rating of AAA by CRISIL, ICRA and CARE, and our international rating is at par with 
sovereign. Our assets under management as on the 31st March, '24 stands at INR4.64 lakh crores, 
and 98.94% of this AUM is for exposure to Indian Railways. And if you see the breakup of this 
AUM, 35.52% is called rolling stock lease receivables, 20.37% for project lease receivables, and 
43.05% for advance against infra projects, for which we are yet to sign the lease agreement, and 
1.06% is for our loan to RVNL. 
 
Net worth of the company has grown to around INR49,178 crores as on the 31st March. Our 
revenue for the year is 26,644.56 crores as compared to INR23,721.42 crores in the previous 
year. During the year, we have signed lease agreements for projects funded in FY '17-'18 after 
the completion of moratorium period. Our profit for the year is INR6,412.10 crores as compared 
to restated profit of INR6,167.20 crores for previous year. 
 
Our total borrowing as on the 31st March, '24 stands at INR412,032.10 crores. And in order to 
keep the borrowing cost competitive, we raise funds from various sources like taxable bonds, 
from domestic market, rupee term loans, ECB, 54EC bonds. If you see the borrowing mix as on 
the 31st March, after total borrowing, our bonds, including 54EC bonds, are at 48.02%, rupee 
term loans at 30.63% and ECB at 16.71% and borrowing from NSSF is 4.25%. And we maintain 
a very strong ALM by raising funds for long tenure, in line with the tenure of our assets. 
Weighted tenure of our assets is 8.6 years and weighted tenure of our liabilities is 7.4 years. 
 
Our operating expenses are quite low, about 0.09% of total income, which is one of the lowest 
in the industry. Our gearing ratio as on the 31st March is 8.38 and capital adequacy is quite high 
due to our major exposure being to sovereign at 616%. Coming to our return ratio. Our return 
on equity for the year is 13.66%; return on assets, 1.31%; our net interest margin is at 1.38%; 
and earnings per share, INR4.91. 
 
During the year, we have done restatement of lease receivables, amounting to about INR790.14 
crores, which was basically due to short accounting of against capital recoveries in the terminal 
year for the lease agreements, which have completed their primary lease period. Out of this 
amount, INR620.28 crores has been restated in the receivables and net worth as on the 1st April, 
'22, and there's an impact about INR169.86 crores in the corresponding previous year that is FY 
'22-'23. 
As our CMD has mentioned we are actively exploring funding for projects in the existing 
mandate like leasing a rolling stock other than MoR, funding of railway infrastructure being 
developed through State JV, upcoming dedicated freight lines, multi-modal logistics parks, non-
conventional sources of energy including renewable energy for railway networks. We are in 
discussion with various other infra financials for core funding opportunities. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
And internally also we have taken a lot of steps like formulation of board-approved credit policy 
to manage credit risk and ensure that the credit extended is in line with the company's risk 
appetite and the credit standard that we have been maintaining over the years. This will help 
IRFC maintain a healthy loan portfolio and minimize the businesses with setting up credit -- we 
have set up internal credit committees. We have onboarded certain agencies for financial 
appraisal, technical appraisal and also for the legal due diligence. 
Our board has recommended final dividend of INR0.70 per equity share for FY '24 which is 
subject to approval of our shareholders in AGM. This is in addition to interim dividend of 
INR0.80 per equity share. The total dividend for FY '23-'24 is INR1.50 per share that is all from 
our side. Now we are open to questions from the participants. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kaustubh Datta individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Datta: 
Excellent. Thank you. My question is regarding the extra budgetary resources and I am a recent 
investor and I am understanding it in this way that without that EBR the growth will be kind of 
restricted and I'm sure you would be -- you mentioned about linkages, forward and backward 
linkages with railway that is an option before you.  
And I think you have adjusted your charter to that extent and you are permitted to do that. Earlier, 
it was kind of restricted. So is that all or you are thinking of other avenues to fund growth. You 
mentioned about INR50,000 crores as market borrowing plan for FY '25, but I'm trying to 
understand a bit more about this EB at the relationship of growth with EBR because I think this 
is directly linked. So how can you derisk yourself from that? 
Uma Ranade: 
Well, to begin with the trends will continue in the next couple of years, because if we are talking 
about the Indian Railways then we have lent them a lot of money in the past. And right now, we 
are still executing the lease agreements with them with regard to the project assets. So for the 
next couple of years there should be no problem at all whatsoever even though the EBR 
component will reduce. 
Secondly, right now, it has to also be understood that there is an on-account budget. There is a 
huge investment being made by the railway sector as a huge infrastructure push is being govern 
even by the Indian government and therefore we will have to wait until the budget is passed 
properly and right now as I said we are still in the interim budget stage. So let's see, the path will 
be clearer once the budget is passed. 
The point is that, yes, since there is the extra budgetary resources are seeming to be coming 
down. We are looking at the forward and backward linkages and are actively in discussion and 
talks in trying to see where we can lend further. And in addition, we are using this interim period.  

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
As I said, for the next two years, there should be absolutely no hiccups along the way. And we 
are using this time productively to make sure that we get further businesses and also strengthen 
our own internal mechanism so that we do a proper appraisal of the businesses that do come 
away or the opportunities that we do see -- the opportunities that we do want to take on. So that 
is the preparation and way forward. 
Kaustubh Datta: 
So what, as per your initial estimate, would be the opportunity through the forward and backward 
linkages? And can you share some ballpark number? 
Uma Ranade: 
Right now, we are still in the middle of -- we are still at a preparatory stage. So it would be 
difficult to share any kind of ballpark numbers, but the forward and backward linkages are many. 
There are several areas that we can look into. So that is right now ongoing. 
Kaustubh Datta: 
All right. And you mentioned about the lease agreement, the two years, we are safe, but does 
that mean there would be some kind of growth as well, which -- those are incremental ones 
coming for FY '25 and '26? 
Uma Ranade: 
No, no, that is exactly what we are working on, because we have a period of about two years to 
get that thing in place. As I said, for right now, our financials are very robust and will continue 
like this for the next two years. And this is the time and the opportunity for us to make sure that 
we diversify our businesses so that we can sustain it beyond that period as well, which is actively 
going on. 
Kaustubh Datta: 
All right. Thanks. I'll get back to the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prakriti Banka from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you. I just wanted to know what was your disbursement as of the end of this 
year? 
Moderator: 
Prakriti, sorry, your voice is coming muffled. Can you speak for the handset? 
Prakriti Banka: 
Yes. I just wanted to know what was the disbursement for the full year? 
Uma Ranade: 
In previous, I mean, the year '23-'24, there was a miss disbursement because, as you know, the 
extra -- the funding was done entirely by budgetary support. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Right. When you say that you have these leases, which you are yet to execute... 
Uma Ranade: 
I'm sorry. That was not very clear. Can you just repeat? 
Prakriti Banka: 
Sorry. Yes. So I said, when you say that you have these leases... 
Moderator: 
Prakriti, sorry to interrupt you. Your voice is coming very much muffled. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Prakriti Banka: 
Just one moment, please. Yes. Is it any better? 
Uma Ranade: 
Yes. It's better now. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Yes. So I was saying that when you said that you have leases which are left to be executed going 
ahead, will this entail disbursement? I don't quite understand when you said that, for the next 
couple of years, we do not. Even if there is no EBR that is required, you won't really have trouble. 
So can you just explain that a little, please? 
Uma Ranade: 
Yes. Basically, IRFC has a leasing financial model and what happens is when we lease out the 
rolling stock or whatever it is to the Indian Railways, there is a moratorium period before which 
Indian Railways starts paying us back. And since we've been lending enormous sums of money 
over the past so many years to the Indian Railways, some of those moratorium periods are 
coming to an end and we are signing those lease agreements now. 
 
So as I said, that inflow continues to be robust and will continue to come in and we are okay in 
this manner for the next two to three years at least. It is, therefore, imperative and that is the aim 
of this company that we use this period to build our own internal structures and mechanisms so 
that we can properly assess other business opportunities and go in for those business 
opportunities in a possible scenario where the lending to the Indian Railways may dry up. We 
are fully aware and seized of this and we are using this period to strengthen our own mechanism 
so that we can diversify in a safe and profitable manner. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Understood. So basically, what you mean is that now you will start receiving -- or there will be 
a payback that is happening and you are now sort of looking for opportunities where you could 
be deploying this money. 
Uma Ranade: 
Absolutely. At this point, we are looking to diversify and we are able to do that in a proper 
manner because we have the -- a period of two years in which to properly plan and to properly 
implement and to properly increase our own mechanisms so that we can do a proper -- so that 
we can -- business goes on, it's business as usual after the next couple of years. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Right. In terms of -- I mean, if you are then looking to diversify into, say, other infrastructure 
areas that you did mention that you will probably tie up with other infrastructure finance 
companies, I mean have you sort of onboarded some kind of team already for that or is this still 
at the growing board? 
Uma Ranade: 
No, we have brought a team in place, but it does have to be strengthened. And certainly, we are 
in talks with certain companies so that we can take this forward. And as I said, in any case, the 
company already has a charter that we can fund. We can fund entities with any backward or 
forward linkages with the Indian Railways. And there are several sectors over there, including 
other than the leasing of rolling stock to MoR, we can lease rolling stock to other people. We 
can fund railway infrastructure, which is being developed through state JVs.  

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Then there are all kinds of other multi-modal logistics parks that are coming up. Non-
conventional sources of energy are there, including renewable energy for the rail network. So 
the business opportunities are diverse and large, especially in the background of a tremendous 
infrastructure trust by the Government of India, all which are being pursued by us. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Right. But like you mentioned that the size of the opportunity is not something that you could 
outline right now, ballpark maybe? 
Uma Ranade: 
No, I would not like to give a ballpark right now because we're using this time to get everything 
together. But as I said, we do have enough time and enough opportunity to make sure that our 
revenues continue to be robust. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Right. And just in terms of when sort of -- you did mention you have two years to execute this. 
But when we can start seeing some sort of sanctions in these various opportunities? Do you have 
some sort of a timeline for that? 
Uma Ranade: 
I think the timeline essentially is that we have to have something in place over the next two 
years. And going forward, probably within this year, we might be able to get some progress, but 
we will have to wait and see because, as I said, it is also contingent to a very large portion on 
the final budget being passed. Because at this point, as I said, it's still an interim budget. And the 
kind of infrastructure development that is going on in the railways and the kind of capex 
expenditure that is there, the capability of the Indian Railways to absorb capex is tremendous. 
So even at this point to rule out the possibility of lending to Indian Railways, we cannot rule that 
out at this point either. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Sure. Just one last question for me. Just with respect to spreads, they've been quite stable now, 
but do you see any scope for them to move either way? 
Uma Ranade: 
I'll just hand that over to D of Finance. If you can repeat the question, please? 
Prakriti Banka: 
Right. So I'm seeing the spreads that you charge over your cost of funds. They've been quite 
stable for a few years now. Is there any possibility of this moving either way in the next year or 
so? 
Shelly Verma: 
See, our spreads for the -- as I mentioned, for the rolling stock and projects have been consistent. 
So we don't see any -- one thing which we have to appreciate that apart from these spreads, our 
risk with respect to currency or interest rates are also passed on. In this background, I don't see 
any requirement of change in spreads. So this will continue. They are the same for the past four 
or five years. So I don't see any requirement of changing the spreads. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritika Dua from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Ritika Dua: 
Yes, ma'am. Thank you for the opportunity. Just some follow-ups. So the previous question, like 
in how you alluded at the start that you have two years to firm up the plan on the future growth. 
When you say two years, are you largely referring to this because of the disbursements that you 
did in FY'20 and '21, which were quite healthy and which would now start? Are these two the 
years which will now start, the moratorium would be over, and that's how the -- you have two 
more years to plan, because the earnings from these would start flowing now more into the P&L? 
Is that the right understanding? 
Uma Ranade: 
Yes. The understanding is that because of the moratorium period, the Indian Railways only starts 
the payments to us after five-year period. So in fact, the lending that we have done in '17-'18, 
that is now going to start and bear fruit. And therefore, when we see that the lending to the Indian 
Railways in the year '23-'24 had dried up, that effect will not be perceived immediately, because 
we've already got a lot of our investments in the pipeline, which are now going to start yielding 
fruit. And as you know, prior to '21-'22, we had extremely healthy lendings to the Indian 
Railways. So this -- as I said, that is the reason why we have this time to plan and make sure that 
we strategically broaden our financing portfolio. 
Ritika Dua: 
Sure, ma'am. So just to follow up on this, ma'am, so when I actually just look at, like, just the 
annual numbers here, when I actually see the NII, the net interest income, for '22, '23, '24 were 
pretty much similar on an absolute basis. A very similar trend was seen in '18, '19, '20. So can 
we just assume that once '25-'26, and you are able to bear the fruit of the lending done from '17 
onwards, would absolute, in the -- in '25, '26 show a considerable jump? 
Uma Ranade: 
I do think... 
Ritika Dua: 
The absolute NII growth, can it be very sharper? Or I mean, at least can it be -- at least, can there 
be a growth, because it's been pretty flattish in '22, '23, '24, now that you would, the moratorium 
is over? 
Uma Ranade: 
Well, there may not be a very sharp jump, but certainly, there is not going to be any kind of 
sharp decline either. And to a very large extent, as I said, we are also exploring other 
opportunities, but I'll also ask my DF to add to this. 
Shelly Verma: 
See, if you see the -- our accounting model, see, what happens when we are -- during the 
moratorium period, when we make a disbursement, we just take the margin in our bottom line. 
We directly take that, consider the margin. But when the -- and during this moratorium period, 
we keep on capitalizing the interest, which adds. That's the reason you must have seen that, 
although there has been no incremental disbursement during '23, '24, but there has been hardly 
any impact on my AUM. 
 
It has gone down only by 2,000 crores because we have capitalized our interest on the previous 
disbursement for a project asset for which the agreements are not yet signed and there is a capital 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
recovery which is coming. So it in a way balances off. So what we are saying till the time we 
sign all the agreements, there is a interest capitalization amount, which adds to my AUM. 
Ritika Dua: 
So actually, what will happen in the -- maybe after '24, your leasing would start converting into 
the advances. And so that's why I was just trying to understand would the NII accretion coming 
'25-'26, could we see a growth in the NII? Is what I'm trying to understand. On an absolute basis, 
this INR6,400 crores number roughly, which has been in a ballpark of INR6,200 crores to 
INR6,400 crores for the last three years in FY '25-'26 now that you would start booking them as 
advances. Would the NII see a growth? Or we can at best expect another INR6,400 crores 
ballpark kind of NII in '25-'26 basis, the... 
Sunil Kumar Goel: 
We are following a leasing model. We have two kind of assets. One is the rolling stock asset and 
another is the project asset. And in case of a project assets, we are executing the lease agreement 
after a moratorium period of around five years. And once the lease agreement gets signed, we 
are accounting these assets as per the Ind AS 116. And before signing up the agreement, we 
actually -- whatever disbursement happen to the railway -- Indian Railway will recognize income 
only for our margin portion. That is cost of lending and borrowing. And after execution of the 
lease agreement, we will account for the lease rental, which includes margin as well as my cost 
of lending. So after that -- after execution of the lease agreement, there will be a increase in the 
top line as well as in the finance cost. But the net accretion to the NNI would remain same. 
 
As long as my AUM is not increasing, I think our net accretion would be at the same level, which 
I had in the '23-'24. I think over the next few years, as madam has explained, that we have -- 
approximately, as of now, we have a balance of around INR2 trillion funding for this project 
asset. And over the few years, we will be executing the lease agreement for these assets. Till the 
time we will execute the lease agreement, whatever debt servicing will do, that will be -- will 
add to my future years' AUM.  
And whatever capital recovery I am getting against agreement, which I have already signed, so 
that will be a compensating kind of a thing and my AUM would be at the same level. 
Accordingly, net accretion to the NII would be to the extent only whatever fund I am redeploying 
into the business. That will be limited to that extent. I think I have... 
Ritika Dua: 
Thank you so much, sir. Very clear, sir. Thank you so much. If I could maybe just ask two more 
questions. One is that on the new, new ventures that ma'am was sharing at the start. So is the 
understanding correct that even the new ventures would be more aligned to the railway sector? 
So even if you're talking renewables, you're talking about renewables as a source only to be 
deployed in the railway sector. You're not talking about renewables in general. So that's one 
clarification I just wanted to check on. 
Uma Ranade: 
Yes. Actually, my current projects permits me only to fund projects which have a backward and 
forward linkage with railways. So, when we talk about these renewable projects, as of now, we 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
are talking only about projects which have a linkage with the railways. We are not talking about 
entire other renewable projects. 
Ritika Dua: 
And ma'am, any views around that we discussing with the ministry to actually expand our scope 
of the funding in terms of maybe sign -- getting a new MoU signed or something like that? Can 
that be a possibility, looking at how the other PSU NBFCs have been expanding into other infra 
opportunities? 
Uma Ranade: 
Yes. That would be one of the possibilities that we will be pursuing to expand our charter. But 
the point is that even -- that, as I said, we will be pursuing, but even without that, the forward 
and backward linkages with the railways itself throws up so much opportunity in the 
infrastructure sector. So I don't think there should be any really big issue on trying to even 
expand that further because we have a lot of opportunities within the backward and forward 
linkages itself. 
Ritika Dua: 
Sure. And then just one last question, just linked to this one. So since you -- on the new ventures 
that you are alluding to, what we have seen earlier that your spreads have been pretty much 
stable and sort of maybe capped, if that is the right way to put it. But in the newer ventures, 
could there be a scope of actually doing it at a better spread or do you think that the spread would 
the same? 
Uma Ranade: 
For the new venture, it is not linked to the -- our funding to MoR. Those spreads will be purely 
dependent upon the credit profile of the project and the numbers that is shown on the -- based 
on the due diligence. There will not be any regulated framework or any linkage with the MoR 
funding. Those will be purely based on the industry standards. 
Ritika Dua: 
So fair to say, could be higher actually. 
Uma Ranade: 
It could be higher. Yes, definitely, it could be higher. 
Ritika Dua: 
But ma'am, any ballpark there that like what are really like when you are evaluating today, what 
are the spreads when -- if you look to maybe to... 
Uma Ranade: 
I think it will be too premature to give any spreads at this stage unless we have started funding 
the project and we can give you the numbers on the process to give the numbers on the project. 
Ritika Dua: 
Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. so much. Thank you. Those are my questions. 
Moderator: 
Next follow up question is from line of Kaustubh Datta, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Datta: 
Just with a quick question around your INR50,000 crores borrowing for FY '25, can you talk a 
bit about that please? Because you're saying you're not having extra budgetary resource 
requirement, but still you're borrowing. Can you explain that a bit more please? 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Uma Ranade: 
See, as we mentioned that this is only based on the interim budget and final budget is yet to be 
approved. So based on our internal assessment, we have taken this approval from Board for 
INR50,000 crores. We'll take care of any disbursement which may come up during the year, my 
committed liabilities and we are also exploring lot of refinancing opportunities. So whatever 
funds would be required for refinancing, this borrowing will be used for the refinancing as well. 
Kaustubh Datta: 
Got it. Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Uma Ranade: 
Thank you so much. We want to thank all the participants for attending this call. We hope that 
we were able to answer your queries. But still if you need some more information or details or 
data points, you can always get in touch with our Investors cell and any of us. And we'll be more 
than happy to answer your queries. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
