 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
  To, 
BSE Limited                                                               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                             
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Wednesday, May 15, 2024 for analyst/ investors to discuss the Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 and the way forward, is enclosed. 
 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record and display the same on website of the Stock Exchange.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
SHREYAS 
PARAG 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG 
TRIVEDI 
Date: 2024.05.17 
21:06:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited 
Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M.R. JYOTHY – CHAIRPERSON AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jyothy Labs Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by ICIC Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. As always, at ICICI Securities, it's our absolute pleasure to host the management 
of Jyothy Labs for the Results Conference Call. The company is represented by Ms. M.R. Jyothy, 
Chairperson and Managing Director; and Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before I hand over the mic to the management for the opening remarks and further Q&A 
proceedings, I want to congratulate M.R. Jyothy for the reappointment and also as the 
designation as the Chairperson and MD. Thank you. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you, Manoj, and good afternoon, everyone. We all welcome you to the conference call of 
Jyothy Labs. We'll be discussing our performance for the company for March Quarter and for 
the Full Year ended March 31, 2024, with all of you followed by a question-and-answer session. 
 
So a quick snapshot of the results. I'm sure all of you must have had a glance of it. We have 
delivered a top line growth of 7% for the March quarter and 10.9% for the full year FY'24. In 
terms of the volume growth, volume growth for the quarter is 7.2% and for the full year is 9%. 
We continue to deliver healthy performance with double-digit revenue growth for this year and 
also on a two-year and a three-year CAGR basis. 
 
EBITDA margin for the year stands at 17.4% versus 12.7% for the previous year. Also, our net 
profit for the year has grown by 54% and stands at INR369 crores, our highest yearly profit. So 
good profitability and performance. For the quarter as well as for the year, we have increased 
our A&P spends significantly by 30% and we believe that this constant investment in our 
business is giving us the strength to service our consumers and provide a sustainable growth for 
years to come. So that's a key pillar, which we want to keep investing for the future. 
 
Similarly, at the balance sheet level, two key metrics. Our working capital is at five days versus 
13 days last year, which demonstrates an efficient operation and also cash and bank balance at 
INR618 crores. So a strong balance sheet will help substantially in our future growth. And Board 
has also proposed a final dividend of INR3.5 per share, which is subject to the approval of the 
shareholders. 
 
Talking about some of the other qualitative factors. During the year, we have been focusing on 
enhancing our direct distribution reach. So now we have surpassed -- we were at 1.1 million 
outlets till last year. Our direct reach is now at 1.2 million retail outlets. We've been focusing on 
new launches. So prominent ones have been on the liquid side, liquid detergent, and Margo 
Neem Naturals during the year, also increasing our engagement with consumers thereby 
strengthening our core business. And as we move along, our focus has been and will be towards 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
more digital acceleration, which will further enhance our sales productivity and consumer 
engagements. 
 
In terms of category performance, Fabric Care is doing well with 10% growth this quarter and 
for the full year, it's 12.6%. We continue to witness healthy growth in our Fabric Care portfolio 
and also keeping a sharp focus on delivering value in the main wash detergent brands.  
There's also a good traction in liquid detergent category and our key liquid detergent brand, 
Henko and Ujala, both have shown good growth. Similarly, our expanded distribution is helping 
us in faster growth and expansion across all product lines, including our mid-price detergent 
brand, which is More Light and Mr. White. 
 
Our Dishwash category, that sales have increased by 6% for the quarter and for the full year, it's 
grown by 8.3%. We continue to enhance the brand equity of both Exo and Pril by driving LUPs, 
doing more digital awareness, ground activations. Given the untapped potential of this category, 
we have done some SKU mix realignment based on the consumer feedback and competitive 
actions. So, very positive to strive for higher growth in future as well. 
 
In HI segment, our sales there's a decline by 9.8% for the quarter. However, the full year, it's a 
flat growth. And the reason for this particular quarter decline has been primarily because of 
seasonality impact. in our core markets of North and East of India, there's been an extended 
winter season. So that had given this decline But as you all know, our efforts have been more 
driven towards a liquid portfolio and brand investment with Superstar Kareena Kapoor 
endorsing the brand.  we are trying to focus on a key market, emphasizing the unique automatic 
feature of our Maxo Machine, which will drive the long-term success for our category and for 
the Maxo brand. 
 
Finally, for our Personal Care sales have increased by 18% for the quarter and 21% for the full 
year. Our Neem-based Margo soap with its natural benefit proposition has been delivering a 
robust performance. Both our base variant and the new variants, which we have launched are 
doing well. And with the higher growth in our Personal Care portfolio, it's a very positive 
outcome for us as it enhances the premium or the higher margin products in our overall portfolio 
at the company level. 
 
So with that, just to summarize, we'll continue to focus on volume-led top line growth. 
Considering our growth aspirations, we'll endeavour to have higher allocation of our resources 
towards brand building initiatives and also continue to expand our direct reach distribution with 
the aid of technology. 
 
For FY'24-'25, we are expecting healthy growth. And one of the things which have been slightly 
an issue was on the rural market. So now we see there's a gradual improvement or pickup in the 
rural market and the slowdown seems to be now bottoming out. So hence, overall, macro looks 
positive. We'll also be focusing on gaining our market share across categories. So this will enable 
us to build a higher scale for our business. 
 
With this, I finish my opening remarks. We are happy to answer any questions or clarifications 
you may have. Thank you. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Vishal Gutka from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Yes. Hi, team. Congrats on a good set of numbers. I have three questions. First, with regards to 
detergent. As of now what is the share of liquid within the overall pie? I know it is a little bit on 
the lower side. And what are you doing to increase the share that one of your competitors is 
planning to launch value for money liquid detergents, so any plans of launching -- giving more 
value to customers by launching at a disruptive price point?  
Second question is on the soaps. So margins for the soap category has come off in a very 
significant manner. I believe that you're investing to drive sales given that aggressive A&P 
investment will occur. By when we expect the margins to normalize in the soaps category? And 
a third question on the DMS, distributor management system. In the presentation, you 
highlighted that you have installed new DMS. Can you please throw some light what is exactly 
the new DMS all about? Thank you. 
M R Jyothy: 
So the liquid detergents for us, yes, it's a small contribution but the category is growing, and it's 
on both the brands that is Henko and Ujala, both have been accepted very well. Henko is on the 
premium side, Ujala is more on the mid-premium value for money brand. And both are doing 
well, good acceptance in modern trade, e-comm and also in the general trade. So far, doing well. 
Yes, it's a small percentage for now, but we see in the coming future that the category is growing 
well, and which will also, in turn, grow well for us. 
 
Now value for money, you asked in terms of competition. Well, you will see something in the 
future. And we'll be very price competitive in both, be it in any segment and the quality of the 
product will be much ahead of what the competition is because we always believe in delighting 
the consumers for the money, they pay in whichever the segment that is. So that's on liquid 
detergents. 
 
On Margo, yes, we had a variant launch last year. We had introduced 3 new variants, and we 
had to drive a lot of investments behind establishing those variants. And if you see the Personal 
Care, for us Margo as a thing has done really well and both the base and the variants have done 
well, and we have invested behind both the brands in both the segments. So that is why you see 
a bit of margin compression there. But otherwise, will do well on the Personal Care as such. 
 
DMS, yes, we had Adaar which is a different distribution management system, we have shifted 
to Botree which is little more accepted in the industry and implementing that has been done in 
the previous year. And this year, we'll reap benefits of implementing that. It's much more robust 
as a system. So we'll see much more benefits coming out of that. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Great. Just last one question from my side. On the NPD, I think last 2, 3 years, have a lull period 
for NPD, apart from creation of few detergent brands that we have. So any plans of launching 
new NPDs in FY '24 and newer categories into '25? 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes. We have a few in pipeline, but you'll come to know as and when we launch it. It will be too 
early to say right now, but we do have many NPDs lined up. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please 
go-ahead sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Sorry, I had muted it. Sorry for that. Yes, so 2 clarifications from my side. One on the ad spend 
increase, which is quite pleasing to see but some granularity if you can offer in terms of how 
much of this is actually for NPD and, let's say, building something for the future. But how much 
of this is, let's say, a relative competitive intensity or share of -- share of market related aspects. 
So that's one. 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes. So Manoj, when you say new launches, we definitely want to back it by investment. So if 
it is a new launch, we would end up spending a little more than the regular assets. And the rest 
of them is on a continuous regular investment that happen. I can't put a number right now for 
you. But any launch will have the more intensity. And we don't want to play the share of voice 
game there. We would want to back it by consistent investment. We have many brands to 
support, and we have more celebrities on most of the brands that we have. We believe that the 
visibility and with a good reason to buy, I think that will be better for our brands for now. 
Manoj Menon: 
Fairly clear. On the second aspect is on the distribution expansion. I did hear the commentary 
about the numeric distribution expansion aspect. But some more color in terms of -- let's say, 
because you have been on this journey over the last few years and has been our learning with 
which geography has kind of supported this and which one possibly hasn't. And more 
importantly, for those outlets which you would have reached for the first time in the last, let's 
say, 12 or 24 months, what is the incremental possibility of line selling with selling, et cetera, 
which you see? And any quantification which you can provide either the past or the future? 
M R Jyothy: 
See, Manoj, I don't want to quantify anything. Yes, we started the journey a couple of years 
back, and we'll continue the journey. So it's not it's an ongoing thing. You would like to recruit 
more retail outlets into this thing. And when we recruit, it doesn't mean that immediately you 
get the thing. We start with the brands that are what do you say, help us get entry into those new 
outlets, which starts from an LUP, and it depends on the kind of market where we are -- also, if 
it is rural, it's a different thing altogether. The approach is different depending on the market. 
But we see that these new outlets will become the going forward, this will start generating more 
and more revenue for us. 
Manoj Menon: 
Fair enough. There be one small clarification. If let's say, the contribution to your overall volume 
throughput from the distribution vertical or rather, let's say, the digital vector, right, in FY '24. 
Would it be x or 1.1x or 0.9x, how do we think about that, let's say, for the next 2, 3 years? 
M R Jyothy: 
Come again? 
Manoj Menon: 
I suppose, let's say, your overall growth of X which on the distribution which has given you a 
certain rate of growth. Do you think that similar rates of growth are possible for the next 2 years 
also? 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes, it should be. We also have new product launches. We have so existing retail that we have 
grown. Those become a pipeline for us for the future, new set of launches, new set of -- see, 
Manoj also know that some of the brands for us has some regional in a certain geography. There 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
some of the brands. But these things that we are doing is for from a future perspective as well. 
So where we nurture these retail outlets, those outlets will become tomorrow's business for us. 
So for us the current and the new will happen parallelly. So I hope I'm clear on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Kothari from PI Square Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Rishi Kothari: 
I wanted to know what exactly are we doing in terms of and different from our competitors in 
terms of the like a dealer or any specific store in decision products? How we are different from 
the early so part it part data that we are providing to our competitors compared to competitors? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So unfortunately, the line is bad, and we can't understand anything, whatever you have asked 
for. Would you like to just join by dialling again 
Rishi Kothari: 
Am I audible now? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Better, yes. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Yes, I just wanted to get some clarity on the product that you are dealing right now. So more is 
focused on the Tier 2, Tier 3 segment, right, if I'm not wrong? 
M R Jyothy: 
You're talking about liquid detergents? 
Rishi Kothari: 
Yes. 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes, liquid detergent for us is more, I would say, not Tier 1, Tier 2, but more modern trade more 
urban and more so much out specific as a market, that's broadly our take on liquid detergents. 
It's more growing in the south and more in the urban areas. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Okay. So in terms of competitors, as we saw in some of the competitors that are big players in 
the market right now, they're also shifting from powder detergent into the liquidating part. So 
what exactly value addition you are providing for a customer in terms of -- or in terms of dealers 
that you are giving them product in terms of margins or something that disperse your product 
compared to any competitor? 
M R Jyothy: 
See, our products are well-known brand names. It is -- if you see the competition whatever you're 
talking about, if there are new launches, they take time to establish unless they really cut margins, 
they can't. So the thing is we have good brands who alive a very well-known brand since many 
years. So we have introduced liquid detergents under Ujala, which people know the quality that 
Ujala offers. People know the quality what Henko offers. Henko is on the premium end. So once 
you use our product, you will come to know what is the difference between us and the 
competition.  
 
And we are very competitive when in terms of I mean, we are very competitive in the market. 
So once people use it, we are also back it by investment. So once the consumer uses, they stay 
on with us. So it's the quality also that is helping our brand because you need to have repeat 
purchases. So it's definitely the quality. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Rishi Kothari: 
Okay. So in terms of the product mix or in terms of the new product that we are trying to launch 
in the market, so how much capex are you expecting for next 2 to 3 years, you can have some 
ballpark figure? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Did you ask for capex? 
Rishi Kothari: 
Yes, capex. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So that won't be anything significant in terms of the new product launches. It will be more on 
the media spend, which we need to do for the new product launches. 
Rishi Kothari: 
Okay. So any -- so in terms of innovation part, are we looking at capex? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, that normal capex will be to the tune of INR40 crores to INR50 crores year -- per year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
My first question is with regards to the Dishwash segment. Now if you look at for the last couple 
of quarters, the growth rate has really come down there into, I would say, high single digit or 
thereabouts. And previously, it used to grow at high double -- I would not say high but grow 
double digits. So what has really happened for the growth to slow down in the last couple of 
quarters? 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes. So on Dish wash see last 4 years we've been on double-digit growth and the basis have also 
gone up, but if you see from a market share, we have been holding on to market share. We are 
growing in line with the category. So they are as per what the category is doing, we are there 
both in the bar and the liquid and that will continue.  
So we have two strong brands where we are the number two brands in the country both Exo and 
Pril. And we are confident that it will continue to grow. For example, East as a thing South we 
were anyway dominant, but East was a market where our market shares were in low single digits. 
Today they are in good double-digit market share. So that shows us the growth and that is our 
confidence on both the brands. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
One thing on category based do you think after the high [inaudible 23:12] base and all people 
were using a lot of this and that is where the category growth has slowed down and the rates that 
we are seeing right now are more sustainable ones? 
M R Jyothy: 
No. So the category growth are healthy, sir. So that will -- that is as of now the category growth 
both on liquid and bars are healthy and that will continue. Hopefully, that will continue. We are 
very much prepared to get those growth on our brands as well. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. And my second and next question is with regards to the margins grid. We had enjoyed 
good margin during the deflationary cycle over the last year, but now with the raw material 
prices kind of stabilizing what would be our outlook towards the margins going ahead? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So sir while as you said yes, commodity prices have been volatile. Our -- we'll target to have our 
EBITDA in the range of 16% to 17% for the full year. [inaudible 24:17] having the media spend 
the way we have been doing it in the past. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay. And just on because the pricing bit we have seen competition taking price cuts, especially 
in the detergent segment and the soap segment. So any pricing action from your end that you're 
envisaging because given that your volume and value growth in equal competitors, it seems that 
you have not taken any price cut really? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
That will be -- I mean that's very regular in nature nothing significant which needs to be worried 
about, but due to competitive action if there is any price cuts or which we need to take, we'll 
definitely do that to remain competitive and drive the volume growth. But nothing significant is 
there in any of the categories in which we are present now. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Your last question with regards to the tax rate. If you look at it the tax rate for this year is around 
near to that 23% mark. So what will your tax guidance for the next couple of years? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. So our tax rate has been in '22, '23 range for this year and it will continue for the same for 
the next year too. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Okay thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan BNP. 
Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Sir, my question is again on dishwashing segment. So if you are further wherein the segment is 
bar growing lesser than the liquid or liquid growing less than bar and that is impacting our overall 
growth for last two quarters or both are growing at the same pace and it is competition which is 
helping us and with the initiatives we have undertaken, we should expect the growth rate to 
improve in the quarters ahead. 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes. So we have taken initiatives Kaustubh, and we'll continue to do that. We've been doing that 
and for us dish wash is a very good segment, and we don't want to give any specific numbers, 
but both bar and liquids are growing healthy. Our market shares are intact which also shows that 
we are in line with the category growth that are happening. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Because sanjay   also mentioned that you are also focusing on LUP in this space, so whether the 
mix is impacting the value growth, but you are doing it at a volume level. Just wanted to 
understand on that side as well. 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes. LUP is more an entry strategy for us to get into new outlets. So LUPs help us there in also 
recruiting new consumers. So that will always be there for that purpose, but slowly we would 
definitely upgrade these consumers once things are better in the -- in the macro -- at a macro 
level people will aspire to get into bigger and better segment there. So LUPs are more from an 
entry point strategy that we are taking that as. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
And my next question is to Sanjay sir, you just in your initial comment you mentioned that you 
are expecting a healthy growth in FY 2025. So this year we ended with around 9% kind of a 
growth. So next year considering the recovery in the overall market and the overall optimism 
which is building and most of the company in their call they have stated that are expecting 
recovery in the volume growth and that should boost in FY '25. So in that context we should 
expect low double digit or low teens kind of revenue growth for us which will largely be driven 
by volumes? 
M R Jyothy: 
See, our wish is always to grow in double digits which we have always told right and so far, our 
volume growth have been pretty healthy. If you have seen in the last 4 years we would want to 
continue on that journey. And if the monsoon is good and is macro is there we will definitely 
want to aim at that number -- aim at double digits basically.  
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just wanted to get a slightly 2 year, 3-year historical sense on liquid. So if you look at given 
the Fabric Care portfolio INR1,200 crores revenue, if I ex out to Ujala liquid blue the detergent 
portfolio considering powders and liquids how large as a percentage liquid now have been in to 
our mix?  
And the rate of growth, I mean, you don't have to tell me exactly what the growth is, but the way 
to grow how much -- how different it is from the powders right now? The reason I ask this is 
because our understanding is that category growth in liquid is quite high, and incumbents are 
investing there including you guys. So just wanted to get a little bit of sense of how that's -- how 
that's panning out for you. 
M R Jyothy: 
Yes. So for us, see Ujala Supreme more a posh wash thing for us. Liquids we have introduced 
since last 1 years, 1.5 years. So the contribution as such to the detergent is small for now, but 
the rate at which it is growing is healthy and we are seeing that growth coming across channels 
as well.  
So more an urban phenomenon for now, but soon it will catch up. We have right now liquid 
detergents sets two segments a one at a premium and one at a mid-premium level and going 
forward you will see some more action there. So the category is growing in double digits, and 
we want to get a share there as well. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Understood. Very clear. The second thing is on pricing. So this year the revenue growth has 
been in double digit. The volume growth has also been kind of high single-digit levels. One of 
the soap players we are already seeing some incremental price increase actions starting out 
already.  
And I think largest FMCG company also spoken about inflation coming back in the second half 
of the year. So I was just wondering that while the early part of the year you may not see pricing 
growth, but when you are building your revenue model for [inaudible 31:25] do you see pricing 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
growth being a factor here maybe a low single digit or whatever that is? Is that the right way to 
think about it? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
See currently, the way things are I think it's better to take the assumption that the growth is more 
volume-led growth then presuming that there will be some value growth which we can’t predict 
now for the full year. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. And last thing was on the direct distribution part. So I know the thought process being 
like 8% to 10% expansion in direct distribution on an annual basis. Is that a marker for F '25 also 
that you'd be looking at? Or is this a year that you consolidate some of it, you put it into DMS, 
etcetera, as well? So I just wanted to get a sense on that. 
M R Jyothy: 
We would like to continue that what we've been doing since last 2 years, 3 years. So yes, mainly 
8% to 10%, that would be a good thing to continue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Purohit: 
Just on the household insecticide segment, when I look at the losses for the full year at the EBIT 
level is close to about INR34-odd crores. And this is a year where -- I mean, our growth is 
broadly flat on a Y-o-Y basis, 1% or 2% increase. And we would have a benefit of, I don't know, 
but lower cost has been the trend for most of the FMCG names and here also there could be 
some benefits which may come either on the packaging side and although our losses have 
actually increased versus FY'23. 
 
How should I think about it? In terms of the outlook for -- at least from a loss perspective, I 
understand that we have this LV versus coil challenge, and which impacts our operating 
performance, but there has been a significant increase in FY'24. Is any one-off in this year, which 
we would have attributed to? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So Amit, it's been a subject matter, which we have been working on it. So our aim is to make HI 
segment positive. Now the HI segment contributes 7%, 7.5% of our top line. As you mentioned 
yourself, we have this more skewed towards the coil, which we're moving towards the liquid. 
 
We've got a new brand ambassador. So we're continuously investing on the brand. We're 
increasing our advertising spend and that is why you can see some pressure on the bottom line 
as well. And a lot of it is on the allocation of the cost which goes on. But having said that, we 
believe if we can get the coil and liquid share maybe by equal 50-50 each, we will be positive in 
this segment as well. 
Amit Purohit: 
But I mean, from a cost-cutting initiative, you don't think so there are -- or maybe are there any 
one-offs like which probably will not happen in FY'25, which would lower the loss? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, nothing of that sort, Amit. It has to be more the product mix, which we need to get it right 
and on which we are working. 
Amit Purohit: 
So I mean just 2 years back, I mean, these losses were pretty less actually. So that's the reason. 
Is that we have now started to invest more behind this? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, that's what I'm saying. we are overspending versus the current benefits we are getting. So I 
mean, Kareena Kapoor, we onboarded her a quarter back. And we are increasing our advertising 
spend because we know we have a good product on the liquid side, certain markets where we 
are very strong east and north. We've been focusing there. So it may take some time, but we are 
confident that we will make this segment also a ebit positive. 
Amit Purohit: 
And second question, just on the overall market scenario. Like you highlighted that there has 
been some improvement seen in the rural. I just wanted to check with the -- when we see even 
your numbers as well, the EBIT performance across segments, there has been some slowdown 
on a sequential basis, the margin wise has kind of pulled off a bit sequentially. 
 
So is that -- I mean, while the pricing strategy is more driven by how market react. But has there 
been any great trade increases or trade promotions, which have been started recently by 
competition or something rather than the pricing side, have you seen that anything incrementally 
post this result or something? If you could share some insights on that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
This is natural for any business where you have seen overall, our volume growth has been good. 
But when we see overall environment, there have been challenges. And therefore, yes, there will 
be struggle for the volume growth. And there will be trade schemes and all which would be 
played out. So that's pretty normal but again, I would say that our focus has been increasing our 
distribution, increasing our brand investment so that the growth what we capture is not only a 
short-term growth but the long-term growth. 
 
So we feel confident also all the right reasons of India, like GDP growth, per capita consumption, 
our product portfolio, so I see the best part of it for us -- if we are able to build a higher scale, 
which we have seen over the last few years, our margin profile 16%, 17%, 17.5% for this full 
year, has -- we have been able to achieve in spite of increasing our A&P spend by 30%. So we 
would rather focus on doing investments in the business, which is more long term than only 
doing some trade schemes and get the numbers for a particular period. 
Amit Purohit: 
And just a follow-up. You indicated investment behind brands would continue. Should I look at 
the annual number from an ad spend to sales ratio or second half has been close to about 9%. So 
how do we think about it? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
we have been aiming to be between 8%, to 9%. And this year, we have reached to 9%. So yes, 
going forward, that range is what we would look forward for. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Firstly on the Personal Care category, we have seen that big payers or big, so players have again 
started investing in the body wash category. So I actually wanted to get your view on this 
category in terms of what is the potential? And would you as a strategy continue to sale the 
Margo variance? Or would you also like to participate in this category? And if yes, would it be 
through a separate brand or just like diligence, would it be, just like detail be a separate brand 
for you? Or would you use Margo for the bodyworks category as well? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
M R Jyothy: 
See, we have just launched the new variants in the soap segment last year. And well, we were 
going to focus on that for now. While the body was category is growing, it is growing more in 
the urban more in the urban. And we would also get into that one day. And right now, I can't 
really say whether it's on Margo or it would be some other brand. But definitely, we will have 
something there as well. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
Understood. On the balance sheet. So basically, if I look at FY '24, we have moved some of a 
good chunk of cash in bank to investments. So can we expect a higher run rate of other income 
in FY '25? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So investments are all investments in liquid mutual funds only. So the market rates, which are 
there for liquid mutual funds is what we would be having. Yes, as a cash balance accumulation 
happens, as an absolute amount, yes, there will be an added income as other income in the books. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal: 
My question would be on the margins. So you've done 17.4% in FY '24, I believe Sanjay guided 
for 16-17% range. Is that correct? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Vishal, it's better to be conservative. And as I said, the question someone asked was giving a 
reference of the commodity prices being volatile. Now we are in the beginning of the year and 
you have to project for the full year, we can obviously revise if we do better. So yes, for now, it 
is 16% to 17%. And as I said earlier, obviously is not to cut down any of the right investments, 
which we want to do whether it is adding people, feet on street for our direct distribution or 
increasing the media spend for our brand, new launches. So we want to keep all that with us. 
And considering all that cost or investments, we would aim to deliver 16% to 17%. 
Vishal: 
Great. And just last one more question in the dishwashing side, Pril is considered to be much 
too superior quality versus Vim in terms of liquid. So recently, Vim has what you call 
reformatted their product in the presentation of HUL that we mentioned, they have made some 
formulation changes with and to the claim to be now a superior product on par with reliably. So 
do you foresee any possible impact or there should not be impact because the market is 
underpinning market will be developing? 
M R Jyothy: 
Vishal, we don't want to comment on what they have said. But Pril has always enjoyed a 
premium imagery. And that will continue and that are consumers who believe in the brand, and 
we would want to continue on that journey. So Pril always have maintained the premium 
imagery that will continue. I can only say so much for now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Percy: 
Yes, sir, can you give some idea on the state-wise driver of growth for different categories. So 
what I mean to say that each category has Pareto in terms of states, there are some states which 
are strong, some states which are weak for each category. So is it that a large part of the growth 
is coming because each of these categories is able to diversify its state presence or state series? 
And if so, can you give some color around that? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So Percy, it's difficult to give for each of the brands on this call. But yes, it will be a combination 
of brands which needs more investments in states or regions in which we are not that strong. So 
we would do that. We would increase our distribution focused on those states or in those regions 
and for certain brands which have been for historical reasons being more focused on one or the 
other states. So it will be a combination of that. And I think that is a great opportunity for our 
portfolio. 
 
And one of the reasons why we've been doing well because some of the brands -- Exo as Jyothy 
just spoke is strong in South, now doing very well over years now in East as well. So similar 
growth stories will continue in the rest of India also. So it will be a combination of everything, 
and we are on that work to make sure that overall portfolio for the company keeps growing.  
Percy: 
A few years ago, you had said that your south salience is like 38% to 40%. Has it changed? What 
is it currently? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
At a gross company level, it's broadly the same because south has also been doing well. So -- 
but yes, that remains in that range. Overall company has been doing well. And some of the other 
regions are doing marginally better as we said, like Eastern some brands have done well, but 
there are certain other brands which are not that strong in South, they have done well. Yes. The 
new launches which have taken place they have done well like liquids have done well in 
Southern India. So overall, despite that contribution still remains the same, yes. But all the 
regions are doing well. All the regions are growing in that space. 
Percy: 
Right. Second question, I just wanted to understand the growth construct going ahead. So last 
couple of years, we sort of reap the benefits of not only the distribution expansion, but also 
improving the systems and processes in the front end. Now I think on that front, basically, since 
the last year, 1.5 years, we have basically achieved or come at par with other larger FMCG 
companies in terms of having a good hygiene system, processes, secondary sales, tracking, et 
cetera. So just want to understand from that point of view that those relatively easier battles have 
been sort of fought and won and that has given us this stellar kind of volume growth over the 
last 2 to 3 years. 
 
And going ahead, of course, there is scope for improvement across many things. But 
incrementally, since we have already sort of come at par with many other companies, the 
quantum of things to do and the quantum of benefits to be reaped will not be so large as what 
we have had in the last 2, 3 years. So in light of that, how confident are you of sort of going 
close to 8%, 10% volume growth going ahead? 
M R Jyothy: 
So Percy, on my confidence we have confidence, okay, if the demand scenario improves, 
definitely we will be the first one to catch it. For us, as such, even as much as the last quarter, 
our volumes are healthy. And we have a lot of brands. We have a lot of sub brands, a lot of other 
categories that we need to expand within ourselves. So we have a lot of room and there's a lot 
on our plate and a lot of expansion that way to happen across geographies, maybe also new 
introductions, and we also have a good distribution right now, which we need to milk it going 
forward. All of that definitely is there also addition of new outlets. So all these. There's a lot of 
work still to happen. So that will continue. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you, all the participants, for joining this call today. Thank you, ICICI team for organizing 
this call, and we at Jyothy Labs and ICICI team are available if there are any queries questions, 
please reach out to us. Thanks, once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
