            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office: Plot No.18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel.: +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail: devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website: www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on May 14, 2024, post declaration of Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and 
Financial Year ended March 31, 2024, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2659, 
pseudonym=RMiYpdHy7f8dLXcxKPxs2gKTewd
o4tgl, 
2.5.4.20=039b8b79599311a1663813cc5616228
df6997ba3966868e27bd5278bd188095c, 
postalCode=121001, st=Haryana, 
serialNumber=662a532e90644d78d21acc7a66
f8fa746a569f819b8498cde6d1a476746030b2, 
cn=Pankaj Virmani 
Date: 2024.05.21 16:32:05 +05'30'

 
 
                                                                                                                                          Page 1 of 19  
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q4 & FY’ 24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Devyani International's Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's quarter 4 FY’ 24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us  
Mr. Ravi Jaipuria, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company; Mr. Raj Gandhi, Non-
Executive Director; Mr. Virag Joshi, CEO & Whole-time Director and Mr. Manish 
Dawar, CFO & Whole-time Director of the Company. We'll initiate the call with 
opening remarks from the Chairman, followed by key financial highlights by the 
CFO. Post that, we'll have the forum open for a question-and-answer session.  
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements in today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
results presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I will now request Mr. Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon everyone. I warmly welcome you all to our earnings conference 
call to discuss the business performance of DIL for the fourth quarter and the 
financial year 2023-24. In a tough consumption year, we have diligently focused on 
our strategic expansion goals over the course of the year. We opened 256 new 
stores, including 47 in the fourth quarter. 
As of March 31, our total store count has reached 1,782, including the 283 KFC 
stores we acquired in Thailand on January 18, 2024. The year was also marked by 
successful acquisition and seamless integration of the Thailand KFC business. The 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 2 of 19 
transaction which was completed during quarter 4, has been a significant milestone 
for us. This development has expanded our international footprint, and the same is 
in line with our long-term growth objectives of having a mix of international 
businesses. The business in Thailand is performing reasonably well and the results 
are in line with our expectations.  
Alongside our global expansion, we have also been working on a strategy to 
enhance our domestic footprint of Food Courts business in response to India's 
emergence as a major destination for travel, tourism and shopping. The domestic 
travel market is picking up very well and we are seeing religious tourism as one of 
the important thrust areas. India is also gaining importance in the international 
market for medico tourism and the value-for-money shopping destination. 
 
All these changes are structural in nature and here to stay. There is a common 
theme that runs across this phenomenon that is Food, on-the-go. With this strategy 
and to cater to the rising quick trend, we are making food courts as one of the 
important pillars of our growth aspiration across various consumption channels and 
touch points of travel and shopping. 
Our existing bouquet of brands will help us with this strategy. We have also tested 
the concept of food courts in multiple locations across such touch points. Needless 
to add, that we are pleased with the consumer response and performance of our 
existing food courts. 
 
With this objective, I'm pleased to state that DIL has entered into a strategic 
partnership with PVR INOX to develop and operate the business of food courts at 
shopping malls across the country to co-promote movies and food. This will not 
only help us strengthen our presence at various malls in the country, but will also 
give a boost to our brands and the food court business. This agreement is in 
addition to other existing strategic tie-ups for food courts across highways, malls, 
railways, apart from some of the airports and highways that we already operate. 
 
As I said before, food courts will be one of the key focus areas for us going forward 
apart from our existing core brands. Consumer sentiment continues to be weak 
throughout the year, weak disposable income, tight liquidity position, local 
consumption, geopolitical situation were the major drivers for the weak consumer 
demand. The Nigerian currency continues to significantly depreciate during quarter 
4, resulting in a significant impact on the full year results of DIL. 
 
Coming to India, we expect things to improve, post the elections and some stability 
on the West Asia geopolitical situation. In our view, the weak consumer sentiment 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 3 of 19 
and depressed consumer spending is temporary and short-lived. Amid these 
challenges, our operating and financial performance has remained stable and we 
continue to invest in the business for long-term growth. To successfully navigate 
the dynamic and evolving QSR landscape, we have implemented multiple 
initiatives this year, including menu optimization, reducing wastage, enhancing cost 
controls and improving operational efficiency. These initiatives have helped us to 
deliver the results. 
 
To sum up, we believe in the long-term potential of the Indian QSR industry. As we 
actively grow our presence, we are strategically positioned to tap into this 
opportunity, ensuring sustainable growth and value creation for our stakeholders. 
 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you. 
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you, Mr. Jaipuria.  
Good evening everyone. A very warm welcome and thank you for your valuable 
time for attending DIL's quarter 4 & FY’ 24 Earnings Conference Call, our eleventh 
call since the listing in August 2021. 
 
Having completed the Thailand KFC acquisition our total store count now stands at 
1,782 stores as of the year-end. We have a footprint of 1,692 stores across our 
core brands out of a total store count of 1,782. This consists of 941 stores for KFC, 
572 stores of Pizza Hut and 179 stores of Costa Coffee. Our store distribution in 
India continues to remain marginally in favor of non-metro destinations. 
 
The operating revenue for FY’ 24 was INR 3,556 crore, a growth of almost 19% 
over the previous year. Indian business witnessed a growth of 12.3% over previous 
financial year. quarter 4 FY’ 24 revenue stood at INR 1,047 crore, representing a 
38.7% Y-on-Y increase. This was supported by the Thailand KFC acquisition and 
new store openings. We have consolidated Thailand numbers with effect from 
January 18, 2024. 
 
The gross margin for the consolidated business including Thailand was 70.3% for 
the full year versus 70% for the previous year an improvement of 30 basis points 
on a full year basis. The margins for quarter 4 were lower because of Thailand 
consolidation and a significant currency impact in Nigeria. As you know, structurally 
Thailand and Nigeria operate at a lower gross margin for KFC business versus 
Indian business. 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 4 of 19 
 
The brand contribution for the full year was at 15.5% versus 18.7% for the previous 
year. The deleverage in top line because of lower ADS numbers across KFC and 
Pizza Hut along with Nigerian currency issues has led to the impact on brand 
contribution margins.  
The pre-Ind AS margins for the full year for the consolidated business was 10.7%. 
Reported EBITDA (post-Ind AS) (including Thailand) for the FY’ 24 was 18.3%. 
During the quarter the same number was 16.6%. Consolidated operating EBITDA 
on a pre-Ind AS basis was INR 96 crore versus INR 79 crore in the previous 
quarter.  
The Nigerian currency continues to weaken in quarter 4. During the financial year 
Nigerian Naira has got depreciated by almost 200% versus the USD. As a result of 
this, the Nigeria business has recorded an impact of INR 236 crore forex loss on 
account of USD denominated liabilities. Out of this amount, INR 90 crore has been 
recorded as exceptional item in the P&L for the full year and INR 147 crore has 
been recorded under other comprehensive income. The impact of significant 
depreciation in Nigerian currency has been taken as part of exceptional items in 
quarter 4, unlike the previous quarter.  
In view of the above, DIL has also taken a full impairment of its investment of INR 
116 crore in Nigerian business through its subsidiary, RV Enterprises Pte. Ltd. 
There is no impact of such impairment in the consolidated financial results of the 
Group because the impairment has been taken in standalone books. 
 
The PBT for FY’ 24 on a consolidated was INR 3.7 crore. The main drivers for the 
variance compared to the previous year has been significant currency impact out of 
Nigeria, deleverage impact coming out of Indian business and marginal impact 
because of Thailand consolidation.  
With respect to RD Thailand acquisition, DIL has recorded the purchase price 
allocation on a provisional basis. As per the IND AS, DIL has a measurement 
period of up to 12 months from the date of acquisition and hence to that extent, this 
is subject to final adjustments. 
 
The total debt in the books at a consolidated level is INR 910 crore as of March 31, 
2024. Out of this, INR 835 crore in the bank debt consisting of INR 470 crore at 
international and INR 365 crore in India. The gearing position, despite this debt on 
a consolidated basis sits comfortably below 1 as of the year-end and debt-to-
EBITDA coverage is almost 1.28x. 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 5 of 19 
 
Taking the discussion to our core brands, KFC in India added 106 new stores in 
FY’ 24, reaching a total count of 596 stores at the end of the year. Average Daily 
Sales for quarter 4 was INR 93,000 versus INR 104,000 in the previous quarter. 
Revenues at INR 494 crore during the quarter grew 11.3% on a Y-on-Y basis. 
Gross margins for KFC during the quarter was 69.9% thereby reflecting an 
improvement of 50 basis points over the previous quarter. Brand contribution 
remained healthy at 19% for the current quarter. 
 
During the year, Pizza Hut added 61 new stores reaching a total count of 567 
stores in India. Revenue for the full year was INR 709 crore versus INR 700 crore 
in the previous year. ADS was INR 32,000 versus INR 37,000 in the previous 
quarter. Gross margins for the quarter came in at 77.3% versus 75.8% in the 
previous quarter. Brand contribution was INR 7 Crore for the quarter with margins 
at 4.4% which was slightly lower on a quarter-on-quarter basis mainly due to the 
ADS deleverage impact. 
 
Costa Coffee added 67 new stores during the fiscal year reaching a cumulative 
store count of 179 stores. Quarter 4 FY’ 24 revenue was INR 45 crore with a 
growth of 13.6% on quarter-on-quarter and 36.3% on a year-on-year basis driven 
by expansion of new stores. The gross margin was 76.7% in quarter 4. Brand 
contribution in quarter 4 stood at 17.9% an improvement of 3% versus the previous 
quarter. 
 
To conclude, we want to reiterate our commitment to the ambitious growth plans 
within the Indian QSR market. As we continue to expand, we remain committed to 
improving our financial performance, reflecting our emphasis on prudent financial 
management and creating long-term value for our shareholders. 
 
On that note, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark.  
Tejash Shah: 
I wanted to pick your brain on how are you seeing demand scenario evolving now 
for both the brands in India or rather all the three brands in India and how should 
we think about this year both on store expansion and SSSG? How are you kind of 
budgeting for this year? 
Manish Dawar: 
So Tejash, as we said the last 1 year demand has been weak and we do hope that, 
post the elections we should start to see some improvement. At the same time, you 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 6 of 19 
know that quarter 1 is seasonally a better quarter compared to quarter 4. And 
therefore, you will see some better numbers in the next quarter.  
Having said that, there is no change in our overall thinking. We remain bullish on 
the QSR space in medium to long term and that's the reason we continue to kind of 
invest in our brands, in the new strategic tie-ups, in Thailand acquisition. As far as 
we are concerned, there could be some quarterly adjustments here and there, but 
we are absolutely bullish on the overall opportunity that is there in QSR especially 
in India, and therefore we continue to press ahead and invest. 
Tejash Shah: 
So just elaborating on that. Elections should not be a trigger, right? In the sense, 
post elections is it just a hope or you have some granular data which you can't 
share obviously which gives you hope that demand will bounce after election? 
Manish Dawar: 
Tejash, we'll not be able to share that granular data, but on the ground again it's 
too early to comment, but we are seeing some green shoots and we hope that they 
are kind of lived long. 
Tejash Shah: 
And second and last this pivot that we are making towards aggressive or more 
focused expansion on food courts. So just wanted to know what consumer insight, 
the market insight have led us to kind of make this pivot? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, if you look at the new generation consumers or if you look at the current 
trends, people want more choices. They want quick choices. At the same time, 
travel is gaining a very significant movement within the country. Shopping is 
gaining significant movement on an overall basis.  
And therefore, through this whole strategy we want to be available at all the 
channels and touch points. Despite the overall slowdown the travel and tourism 
traffic is almost at an all-time high. India is becoming a good international 
destination for reasonable shopping also. We are seeing a lot of tourists coming 
into the country and they've started shopping in metro destinations. And you would 
have also noticed that with this strategy we talked about a small railway joint 
venture. We've talked about a strategic tie-up for highways openings. We already 
have talked about PVR, as Mr. Jaipuria has alluded in his speech. We are trying to 
kind of make food courts as a comprehensive strategy which will span across the 
airports, the food courts, the highways, the malls and everywhere. So that is how 
we are approaching it. And within the tourism also if you see there's a lot of 
religious tourism which is gaining momentum. And at some point in time we've 
already started working on in terms of how do we get to these religious sites also 
with the initiatives we've taken. 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 7 of 19 
Tejash Shah: 
And sir how does the store economics of food court works out versus let's say our 
traditional store? 
Manish Dawar: 
We've been operating food courts for a reasonably long time not at a scale that we 
are now anticipating, because the footfalls are high and the consumer choices are 
available. It's a mix of our own brands and international brands. The profitability is 
better than the traditional brands and the payback period also for the food courts 
are very attractive. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak.  
Jay Doshi: 
A couple of bookkeeping questions to start with. What was the revenue contribution 
and EBITDA contribution of KFC Thailand in quarter 4? 
Manish Dawar: 
Jay, we've disclosed the consolidated results and India results. So, therefore by 
subtracting the India numbers you can get to international numbers. Now within 
that if you look at this predominantly it has come from Thailand only. As Nigeria is 
sitting in a negative zone as far as the bottom line is concerned. So, it is 
predominantly all contributed by Thailand. And what we talked about at the time of 
acquisition, the business is more or less in line with that. We've seen some bit of 
impact of the geopolitical situation in some of the stores in South, but barring that, 
the business is doing very well. 
Jay Doshi: 
So you mentioned predominantly the entire international EBITDA is KFC Thailand? 
Manish Dawar: 
Largely. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. So that would be close to INR 30 crore in that case or somewhere 
around INR 27 crore, INR 28 crore? 
Manish Dawar: 
I am not putting a number. 
Jay Doshi: 
So Manish, how do you propose we evaluate the progress of this transaction? 
Normally, companies sort of share performance of inorganic acquisitions for at 
least a year. 
Manish Dawar: 
Jay, we can evaluate that and come back to you. As of now, we are considering 
the India piece as one and the international piece as another. But we take your 
suggestion on board, that for at least a year we should look at Thailand being given 
separately. So, we will evaluate and come back to you. 
Jay Doshi: 
It will be very helpful, thanks. Second is this partnership with PVR. Essentially, if 
you can give us some color in terms of what would be the contribution of PVR 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 8 of 19 
INOX to this partnership? What would be the role of both the entities, Devyani as 
well as PVR INOX? And what is the investment you can get from them? 
Manish Dawar: 
We are still working on the entire business plan and will not be able to share the 
investment numbers as of now. But the whole thesis is that the footprint of malls is 
huge, and PVR is a very strong contributor. PVR is one of the favoured tenants 
whenever a good mall is coming anywhere and is the first ones to get approached 
for a cinema. The entire cinema space functions like an anchor tenant and they are 
informed about the mall’s timeline much earlier than we are. By the time the food 
courts get ready and the rest of the mall gets ready, and brands are given spaces 
for fit-outs and other preparations, the cinema is already well aware of the 
schedule. This is where we saw a significant strategic advantage in partnering with 
PVR. Also, there is a captive footfall that PVR has in terms of people who are 
coming to watch movies, people who are PVR loyal fans & customers, and 
therefore, our objective is to combine the food courts along with PVR so that we 
can co-promote the movies and foods. And if you look at other countries, it's a 
great concept, and it's a very, very significant value creator. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. So primarily, the focus to start with will be on the pipeline of malls that 
are currently under development, and where there would be opportunity to sign 
contracts, long-term contracts or operations of food courts. Devyani's role would be 
largely operating the food court part and PVR's role would be, given the 
relationship with the developers and they already would have a lot of leases 
pertaining to that, is that right understanding? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes. That is the right understanding. Plus, all the brands will come from DIL, we 
have the operational capability and the expertise. PVR on the other side, have a 
strategic advantage in terms of how they are located and their relationship with the 
landlords and the mall owners. So, it's a great win-win combination for both of us. 
Jay Doshi: 
Sure. Lastly, there are a few investor questions and perhaps concerns around 
some of the senior management exits that happened in the March quarter. So your 
thoughts on this and whether we should expect stability going forward? And if there 
was any slippage in execution associated with this attrition that you can share. 
Manish Dawar: 
Jay, see, we are a large company now with a huge management bandwidth and a 
vast talent pool available. So therefore, there is nothing to worry about. Virag was 
handling it earlier while Rahul was there, and Virag continues to handle. So, from 
that point of view, there's no big change. At the same time, Rajat has been with the 
Company for almost 13-14 years, and he wanted to move to South to be closer to 
his family. He gave his best to the Company in any case. So we don't expect any 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 9 of 19 
disruption or significant changes because the strategy remains the same. We've all 
been working on that defined strategy. And therefore, if at all, things should be 
better. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional 
Equity. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes. Further to the questions on PVR deal, one is, in existing properties, is there 
any kind of an opportunity available? Second is around nine months back, PVR 
and Costa Coffee had signed the deal. So, because that one is doing well, we are 
now at the next level of the relationship, is that what is happening? And if you could 
give some kind of an update on that deal also. Third is, in existing property, just like 
Costa Coffee is also there. Now more such brands of DIL, can they come there? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well our first tie-up, which was with Costa and PVR is doing extremely well. We are 
very happy with it, and we are expanding our plan with them. We are opening 
Costa Coffees with them on a weekly basis practically. And we have already 
opened close to 80 Costa Coffees in the PVR, and it will be expanded and adding 
great value to our business. It's a great advertising place, because all the 
customers who are coming to PVR, are the right consumers for Costa Coffee. So, I 
think it's a great thing for both of us, and we are definitely looking to add more 
products with PVR. And especially with this JV, which is for the food courts, I think 
it will add a lot of value for both of us. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And in the previous question, you mentioned outside India, this co-promotion of 
foods and movies is far more prevalent and far more successful. Any particular 
country you want to highlight so that we can get more examples how this can pan 
out in India also? 
Manish Dawar: 
So you can look at a country like U.K., UAE, U.S., for example, I mean, all of the 
cinemas and screens are surrounded by the food courts or eating joints, and they 
have a strategic tie-up in terms of combo deals and so on and so forth. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. And the genesis of this, is it because slowdown is being felt both by PVR and 
for you also? So, is this more because of this, because PVR and you both have 
existed for many years. So why now? Is the slowdown one part of the reason? 
Because you did mention the co-promotion, you did mention that both can promote 
each other. So, is the slowdown one of the reasons for doing this now? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
No, it's nothing to do with slowdown. It's just that it takes time to build relationships. 
And we started our relationship by having a joint venture with Costa. And then both 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 10 of 19 
of us felt happy and it was successful. And partnering with PVR is the next step we 
have taken. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. So, the last question on Thailand. So wanted to understand 
competitive intensity there versus India, in that part of the business. And second, 
the gross margin seem to be lower there, as you said. So, what's the reason for 
that? And any progress we can see in three, four years in terms of the margin gap 
between the two businesses? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
There will be some scope to improve the margin, but the volumes per store are 
much higher there than what it is in India. The rentals are much lower there. 
Overall, that's what the margins are in that part of the country and it's a very good 
business. KFC is the market leader in Thailand. Against 1,000 stores of KFC, they 
have most probably 200-250 stores of McDonald's. 
Manish Dawar: 
So Abneesh, Thailand is more mass market for the brand. And therefore, that's the 
reason the focus is more on the number of transactions rather than the margins. If 
you see the eating-out culture in Thailand is very strong and fried chicken is one of 
the important contributors for the street food. So that's the reason the KFC 
positioning is a little different in Thailand versus India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulation on a good margin execution in the quarter. Just a small bit on the 
food court, is it like food courts within theatre premises? Or the common food court 
that is there in the malls? Just wanted a clarification on that? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, it is the new properties that we are discussing, Devanshu. It is the common 
food court in the mall, not inside a theatre, whereas if you look at the Costa Coffee 
tie-up we have with Costa, that is inside the movie premises. The way we design 
and make it contiguous varies from property to property. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And will it be like only our brands? I just wanted to check with competing 
brands be comfortable with such kind of a relationship because there are global 
precedence? So any views here? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, it depends on the nature and size of the property. We would prefer to include 
our bouquet of brands that are already there. We have a good bouquet of brands 
available. If there is a space available, we can consider adding other brands too. 
For instance we do run some of the mall food courts in Calcutta and Noida, where 
we also feature other brands. 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 11 of 19 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, Manish. And secondly, I wanted to check there has been a strong sequential 
improvement in gross margin across our core format. This is like all-time high gross 
margins in our limited reporting history that is there. So, I wanted to check what are 
the steps that we have taken to improve this? And is this a sustainable trend? 
Manish Dawar: 
It is a sustainable trend, Devanshu. Since the hyperinflation we experienced, things 
have stabilized, they have not come down dramatically. However, with our 
negotiations, we are seeing good results. We've also done menu optimization, as 
Mr. Jaipuria mentioned in his speech, which is helping. We continuously evaluate 
how we look at the promotions at all three pieces. In the middle of the current 
consumer sentiment, we are taking all the steps to ensure that the margins are 
protected and that is what we are continuously kind of striving towards and 
delivering. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And a follow-up on this, so Manish, under such weak demand scenario, is this a 
significant savings on promotions? Or is it like more cost cutting, etc., supply chain 
efficiencies that we are building? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, promotion is a small element, but there are opportunities available to tweak. 
Because when you're coming out of a hyperinflation, the consumer also is looking 
for more value-for-money products. We've introduced the value layers as we have 
talked about in the previous calls. But wherever the opportunity is there, we just 
keep refining the promotions, make it more effective and targeted. And at the same 
time the cost saving opportunities which are there are clubbed in. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities.  
Percy Panthaki: 
First question is on Pizza Hut. Now that it's been many quarters into the slowdown, 
have we and when I say we, I mean both the franchises as well as Yum Brands put 
together, the 3 parties of you, done some kind of soul-searching as to what is really 
going wrong with the Pizza Hut format? I understand that there is an overall 
slowdown, I understand that these are the categories affected more. However, if 
you look at the difference in performance of SSSG versus Pizza Hut versus the 
other competitors that you have, the difference in SSSG is very stark, like 15% 
points, 10% points and so on. So why is it that on a competitive basis, we are 
losing out? I can understand the overall macro trends and the consumer being 
under pressure, etc. But at least on a market share basis, we should not be 
performing so badly. So what is the reason for that? And what are the steps we are 
doing to address it? 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 12 of 19 
Manish Dawar: 
Thanks, Percy, great question. Let me just give you a little bit of history to help us 
understand the current situation with Pizza Hut. So, Pizza Hut has always been a 
premium brand in the mind of consumers. Be it the quality, pricing, overall look and 
feel of the store. During the period of hyperinflation, we tried to experiment with 
Fun Flavour pizza, which lowered the overall pricing structure. In hindsight we can 
call ourselves wiser, but this move impacted the brand positioning. Premium 
consumers who came to Pizza Hut with a particular expectation, found that the Fun 
Flavour pizza, despite its attractive price point, did not meet their expectations. And 
probably that's the reason we think it impacted the brand so much and will take 
some time to recover. We have taken initiatives in terms of putting more money on 
the premium side of pizzas, advertising and marketing to win back the consumers. 
We are doing product innovations and are taking all the steps to make sure that 
Pizza Hut kind of comes back to its original positioning. But we are still seeing that 
in numbers, and that's the reason we've kind of slowed down Pizza Hut expansion 
a little bit, and we are a little more cautious there. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So, 2 sub-questions to this. In light of the fact that Fun Flavour is basically what 
you've identified as a culprit, is that something that you would want to discontinue? 
And second sub-question is that we have seen this happening across many brands 
over the last 2-3 years, that all the brands have launched more affordable variants. 
Even in KFC, which has been a premium brand, you have launched meals at INR 
99, and you've launched that roll at INR 119 or something like that. And we have 
not seen an adverse effect on that for the overall brand and the other offerings. So 
why is it that this kind of an adverse impact is happening only in Pizza Hut? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, it's a different proposition, Percy. For KFC, the core consumer is all about 
chicken on the bone. And we've not touched the pricing or the quality of chicken at 
all. Now in consumers' mind, pizza is a pizza, if you can get a pizza at INR 79 or 
INR 99 versus a pizza at INR 200, it will be perceived as the same pizza. However, 
the ingredients, toppings, and cheese varies from one pizza to another, but from a 
consumer point of view, a pizza is still a pizza. Whereas, when we talk about KFC, 
wraps and rolls are considered side dishes, it's a very distinctive proposition. This 
is probably why we are experiencing more challenges with Pizza Hut. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Second question was on the margins. As someone just mentioned, 
your gross margins are at an all-time high, and this is at a time where consumer 
sentiment is poor, demand is poor, we are in negative SSSG zone on both the 
brands. So, don't you think it would be sort of prudent to give back value to the 
consumers in terms of lower pricing or higher promotions, probably bring down the 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 13 of 19 
margins, which might hurt in near term, but that would lead to some kind of revival 
on the top line? Your thoughts on that. 
Manish Dawar: 
Percy, it depends on how you want to get back to the consumer. If you look at 
KFC, we've launched entry-level pricing range or a value proposition for consumers 
with items like rolls and wraps. This help us attract new consumers and build our 
consumer base. With Pizza Hut, we tested with Fun Flavour pizza with that 
objective, but it did not succeed. Therefore, we need to keep experimenting with 
various models, some will work, and some will not. Also, It is not just about 
increasing the price to achieve margins. Pricing is a very small component. It's the 
whole efficiency which is coming in. 
Percy Panthaki: 
But like have you done some kind of sensitivity? Supposing you cut your pricing on 
an average by 2% to 3%. What kind of impact does it have on your overall sales? 
So what is the price elasticity of demand? Is it more than minus 1, less than minus 
1? How does it affect? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, this category is all about large big-bag announcements, so let's say, 2% to 3% 
will not make any difference from a consumer point of view. 
Percy Panthaki: 
No. I'm saying at the portfolio level it will be 2%, 3% and for some of the other 
products it might be more also. 
Manish Dawar: 
Correct. You can consolidate that from a different promotion level. As we keep on 
experimenting with promotions. There are promotions which are working, where we 
can continue to be aggressive. Whereas the promotions which are not working and 
are a drag, we continue to cut it down. So that's how the margin optimization 
happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srinath V. from Bellwether Capital.  
Srinath V.: 
Yes. Just looking at the reported numbers of the food aggregators and whatever 
newspaper articles we're able to get of the unlisted aggregators, seems to be 
growing at a much faster pace than most of the listed QSR universe. And so I 
wanted to understand how is the competitive dynamics stacking up? Is there a shift 
in palette towards more Indian cuisines? Or how do you kind of read this data 
broadly? Would like to hear your thoughts. 
Manish Dawar: 
If you look at the market that you're trying to address and the market that the food 
aggregators are addressing, that's a far bigger market. For example, if I were to 
talk from Mumbai perspective, a vada pav guy who's putting a cart, in Dadar, he 
can reach the Andheri consumer and vice versa. Whereas in our case, they can 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 14 of 19 
capture a much bigger share of the unorganized market by making sure that the 
delivery is seamless, by making sure the logistics are working well. If you look at 
food services market, it is not that it is mirroring whatever is happening on the food 
aggregators. It's just that they continue to expand, they continue to penetrate more. 
And it's a combination of listed players, it's a combination of unorganized market, 
it's a combination of local competition and so on and so forth. 
Srinath V: 
Got it. Because if you kind of look at the outlet growth or restaurant growth these 
platforms are growing north of 20%. So, is it that there is a significant new addition 
of say new pizza players or local chicken players? Have you seen an escalation of 
competitive intensity which is periodic. In a 10-year window you do tend to have a 
couple of years which have heightened competitive activity. Are we in one of those 
zones right now? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, it is there, but at the same time please understand and I'm quoting something 
from what was available in public domain. If you go back a couple of years, there 
was this unearthing whereby at one address, there were some 160 restaurants 
which are being run. And so here you will take 160 restaurants as the restaurant 
addition all with different GST numbers and so on. If you come to the brand with 
listed players, it's all kind of available. You can see it, you can touch it, you can feel 
it.  
Srinath V: 
Got it. My second set of questions would be on Costa Coffee. Our excellent 
performance both in SSSG and store addition. So, again is there a big trend 
change because we are seeing multiple unlisted players getting funding and at this 
time we are also seeing very good numbers roll out.  
So is there some sort of coffee culture change or cafe change? One would be that. 
And second, I wanted to understand how the food menu qualitatively, how the food 
menu is playing out in Costa Coffee broadly? That would be great. 
Manish Dawar: 
Sure. See coffee is an aspirational category that appeals to the youth, and 
therefore has a great scope. Globally, coffee is a large category. For example the 
Chinese market has not fully transitioned from tea to coffee, but If you look at the 
performance of Starbucks or some local players in China, it shows the coffee 
market is thriving. You cannot get the same quality of coffee sitting at your home as 
you can get from a Barista, whereas tea is something you can easily make at 
home. So therefore, coffee market has that unique niche and it's here to stay.  
Coffee is a category which is growing and has a huge potential. You would see 
multiple players are entering the market, including local players, which are doing 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 15 of 19 
very well. We are serious about Costa Coffee and that's the reason Mr. Jaipuria 
also talked about that we started experimenting with PVR for putting up coffee 
machines, Costa Coffee machines in their cinemas, which is doing well.  As far as 
food part is concerned, I would say food contribution is going up. It is still not at the 
ideal stage, that it's still a little bit of work in progress. But if you go to any of the 
consumer panels and look at their studies, the common feedback is Costa Coffee 
is the best coffee available in the market. 
Srinath V: 
Yes. So in the Mumbai airport, it is absolutely fantastic. Just want to slip in a last 
one, is the delivery of coffee being a trigger point for Costa growing as well as the 
whole segment growing? Is it moving from a 100% dining kind of format to a pro-
delivery format, at-home consumption of outside brands? Any views? 
Manish Dawar: 
We have consumers coming in and ordering for home delivery. But you cannot 
have the same experience at home. I mean, if you deliver Cappuccino at home, by 
the time it reaches home, it's probably 30% of the top is gone, there are those 
challenges. But there is this increasing traction, which is coming in, whereby 
consumers are asking for coffee to be delivered at home. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia with Citigroup.  
Ashish Kanodia: 
Hi, Manish. So, first on the Thailand business part. So, if I look at the last 4-5 
quarters data, which was reported earlier, the brand contribution margin was 
between, 14% to 15%. So just maybe not exactly on a number, but was there any 
meaningful deviation from that kind of a brand contribution margin versus what you 
have reported this quarter? Because on the international part, the brand 
contribution margin now stands at 10%. So definitely, there's a bit of impact on 
Nigeria, but I mostly wanted to check if Thailand was still in that ballpark 14%, 15% 
range? 
Manish Dawar: 
Ashish, it is still in that range. As I said, there was a little bit of impact in South 
because of the geopolitical situation, but that is a handful of stores. So, there was a 
very slight dilution. But directionally, it is absolutely the same numbers that we 
talked about earlier. There's no change. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, Manish. And secondly, in terms of store expansion. So I think, you have 
alluded earlier as well that there will be more calibrated store expansion. So 
looking at FY’ 25, what are the thought process in terms of expansion across the 
core brands in India? 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 16 of 19 
Manish Dawar: 
So Ashish. Overall, we are looking at a similar number, which is 275 to 300 stores. 
I know, and I do realize that in FY’ 24 we were a little short. But overall, on an 
operational basis, I think we've done exceedingly well in the middle of slowdown 
and all. We are not changing any of our numbers. It remains same at 275 to 300. 
KFC remains a similar number, no change at all. Pizza Hut, as I said, we'll be a 
little cautious in terms of how we are opening the store given the overall brand 
performance. And obviously, we've taken initiatives there, so let's see how it pans 
out. But otherwise, no big change in the strategy. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, Manish. That's helpful. And last bit, this entire discretionary slowdown has 
been sustaining for almost, say, 1.5 years, 2 years now and has impacted across 
categories. So when you look at the new real estate deal sign-ups, are you seeing 
more lucrative offers? And especially if you can just throw some light that, do you 
see that some of the other non-international brands, are they feeling more pain and 
they are locating to some of the good real estate. So is real estate availability and 
cost becoming accretive hereon? 
Manish Dawar: 
Ashish, as I talked about earlier, if you look at India overall as a market, the real 
estate probably is only in top 50 to 70 locations. Beyond that, real estate is not a 
challenge. If you look at prime commercial areas in Delhi, Mumbai and other metro 
towns, the prime retail space is heavily fought for. But the moment you step out of 
the metros, or you go to even, suburban areas of metros and the smaller towns, 
real estate is not such a big challenge. There is availability, you can negotiate, the 
brands are respected, landlords are willing to tweak their terms and are willing to sit 
on the table and so on and so forth. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital.  
Gaurav Jogani: 
My question one is with regards to the slowdown that you're seeing in the overall 
ADS numbers. Would you allude it more this on the pricing of the value format or it 
is largely due to the reduction in the transaction size across performance? 
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, it's a combination of both. The transactions have not fallen dramatically. It 
is the overall pricing coming out of the hyperinflation scenario because the 
consumer wallets sizes have remained the same. When this kind of hyperinflation 
happens, especially as we were coming out of COVID, it takes longer for 
consumers to reset both in terms of rebuilding their income levels, as well as the 
whole sentiment and emotion. At the same time, if you look at the overall credit 
offtake in the country, the consumer credit offtake is sitting at almost all-time high, 
this also puts pressure on consumers. We do feel that we are towards the bottom 
of it and things should start to improve. 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 17 of 19 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And Manish, with regards to the Pizza Hut performance, your margin 
performance has been much better versus the other peers that you have in the 
country and they alluded for higher marketing spends during the quarter. So have 
you not been mandated by Yum to do similar marketing spends? And how do you 
look at the margin trajectory for the brand going ahead? 
Manish Dawar: 
Gaurav, as far as you know Yum very well. It cannot be that Yum can favor one 
franchisee and not the other one. So, because we all want to revive Pizza Hut 
brand between Sapphire and Yum. It was a common effort with common funds 
contribution from both the sides, and that is how we are trying to build the brand 
back. But despite the additional contribution on marketing and all the common 
initiatives, our performance is better in our view. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Yes. So I mean, actually, the question was why it is better versus them? What has 
led to this? And how are you looking at the margin profile for the brand ahead? Do 
you think that the margins are now bottomed out and should pick up from here on? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, from a cost efficiency standpoint, Gaurav, we are almost there. The top line 
needs to pick up to give us the leverage to rebuild the margins at pervious levels. 
We've taken initiatives from both a marketing and menu perspective. So let's see 
how it kind of pans out. We think the margins can only improve from here. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Robert Marshall from Cusana Capital. 
Robert Marshall: 
Just a question about same-store sales growth. Obviously, in terms of customer 
segmentation, there's a distinction between premium and mass markets, as well as 
behavioral factors. Have you observed that in many consumer areas, premium 
customer segments tend to be more robust, but conversely, you're seeing the 
opposite with Pizza Hut? It seems there's a specific aspect at play here. I'd be 
interested to hear your perspectives on the same-store sales growth you've 
observed, and whether it's more influenced by competition and new market 
additions or by consumer behavior in general. 
 
And secondly, how are you assessing the margin return on capital for your 
expansions? Once again, the slowdown in Pizza Hut's expansion seems to suggest 
something in that regard, but it would be intriguing to understand your insights into 
the potential margin returns, especially in high-format ventures. 
Manish Dawar: 
Rob, it's always good to have a premium positioning when you can appeal to more 
and more consumers. Getting the consumers into your fold with a premium 
positioning, is always the best proposition. And that is how KFC, Pizza Hut and, 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 18 of 19 
Costa Coffee brands are being positioned in the minds of the consumers. However, 
when you get into a hyperinflation, the consumer wallets and the disposable 
incomes get impacted, you start to think in terms of how can I increase the value 
layer. 
 
Moreover in India, if you look at from a consumption point of view, we are probably 
addressing the top portion of the market of consumers. So from that point of view, 
a value layer is important because you are able to get more and more consumers 
into your fold, and that is how you'll be able to build the brands into mass brands 
and bigger brands. There is always this whole delicate equation that needs to be 
balanced between premium positioning. I'm not saying that we'll be able to appeal 
to 100% of the population, but given the way India is growing, we should be in a 
position to appeal to maybe 40-50% of the population. And that is where the whole 
thin balance comes in. And this is where we come into the value layers as far as 
KFC or fun flavor pizzas is concerned. So we kind of keep on working on both 
sides to be able to maintain the positioning and get more consumers in.  
Robert Marshall: 
In reference to the previous question about the same-store sales growth you're 
seeing between the different brands, how is that impacting them? What role does 
competition play in this scenario? Additionally, could you elaborate on the 
differences in capital between the various brands and what implications that holds 
for your expansion plan? 
Manish Dawar: 
If you look at the same-store sales growth, the competition, and the overall market, 
it's more or less in the same zone. We've seen the market leader in the burger 
segment reporting a negative SSSG, as well as our peer competitors were in 
similar situation. We are in similar situation and the entire market is facing these 
challenges. We do expect the consumer sentiment to recover, which should bring 
things back to normal. Despite whatever is happening, the KFC at a unit level 
economics, maintains the payback period of 2 to 3 years. While it was closer to 2 
years before, it is now in the 2.5 to 3 years range. It's a good and attractive ROI 
from that perspective, and that's how we continue to expand. 
Robert Marshall: 
And could you just compare that against the other brands, what are you, you're 
seeing in terms of their payback period? 
Manish Dawar: 
I would not have any insights on other brands in the market. But within our 
portfolio, Costa Coffee and Vango sits in the same ballpark numbers of 2 years. 
KFC it is 2 to 3 years. Pizza Hut, given the current situation is longer around 5 to 6 
years. 

 
                                                                                                                                           Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you. We hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
Company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you once 
again for your interest and support and taking the time out to join us on this call. 
Look forward to interacting with you soon. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
