 
 
 
 
Regd.Office : UGF-6, Indra Prakash, 21, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi – 110 001, India. 
Tel : +91 11 23311924 / 2332 7205 
CIN : L29113DL1984PLC018415, Website : www.jtekt.co.in 
Email : investorgrievance@jtekt.co.in 
 
Works : 38/6, Delhi-Jaipur Road, NH-48. Gurugram – 122 001, Haryana, India. 
Tel : +91 124 468 5000 
 
 
25th June, 2024 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Floor 1, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building. P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip Code -  520057   
Symbol – JTEKTINDIA 
 
 
Sub :       Transcript of Analysts’ and Investors’ Call. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Analyst and Investors' call held on 
19th June, 2024 on the financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024.  The said 
Transcript has been uploaded on the Company's website also, the link of the same is given below: 
 
https://www.jtekt.co.in/investors/pdf/15)%20Analyst%20&%20Investors%20Meet/2023-
24/Q4%20(2023-24)/Transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Saurabh Agrawal 
Company Secretary 
 
SAURAB
H 
AGRAW
AL
Digitally signed by SAURABH 
AGRAWAL 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=4bf6d3b3e90e7e7d0e51e463
6f18879c7fc8b38fc8948b782c68a5eee
8699be0, postalCode=110096, 
street=East Delhi, 
pseudonym=ebdbe87aac4be292a2a7
be06dee8be34, 
serialNumber=6ab12d5d0376186d5b
96ff342a153388b2961342bdb7ea88e3
2324b6fce266b5, o=Personal, 
cn=SAURABH AGRAWAL 
Date: 2024.06.25 10:58:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
“JTEKT India Limited 
Q4 & FY '23-'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITOSHI MOGI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJIV CHANANA –DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MINORU SUGISAWA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. YASUAKI DOI – HEAD OF MD OFFICE – JTEKT 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. TERUMITSU KUWANA – DEPARTMENT HEAD OF 
SALES AND MARKETING – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. A. D. RAO – ADVISOR, DESIGN AND 
DEVELOPMENT AND PE DEPARTMENT – JTEKT INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SHYAM SUNDAR – DEPUTY DEPARTMENT HEAD 
SALES AND MARKETING – JTEKT INDIA LIMITED 
 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference 
Call of JTEKT India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the management of JTEKT India Limited. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Good afternoon everyone. Let me introduce the team members present from JTEKT side. My 
name is Rajiv Chanana. I am Director and CFO at this company. Mr. Hitoshi Mogi will be giving 
the inaugural remarks. He is the Chairman and Managing Director and we also have with us Mr. 
Minoru Sugisawa, he is a Whole-Time Director. Mr. Yasuaki Doi, he is the Head of MD Office. 
Mr. Terumitsu Kuwana, he is the Department Head of Sales and Marketing. Mr. A.D. Rao, he 
is the Advisor, Design and Development and PE Department and Mr. Shyam Sundar, he is the 
Deputy Department Head in Sales and Marketing. I hand over the call to Mr. Hitoshi Mogi for 
the inaugural remarks. 
Hitoshi Mogi: 
Good Afternoon everyone and welcome to the JTEKT India Limited quarterly earnings call. I 
would like to thank, all participants for joining this call and the organizers.  
India’s GDP growth rate for the fiscal year 2023-24 recently came in at a better than expected 
level of 8.2%.  RBI at its recent Monetary Policy announcement raised the GDP growth forecast 
for FY25 to 7.2 per cent from 7 per cent earlier. The central bank retained the FY25 inflation 
forecast at 4.5 per cent. Sustained price stability would set strong foundations for a period of 
high growth. 
According to ICRA, supporting underlying factors such as rising per capita incomes, 
demographic profile, low vehicle penetration, and favourable policy environment, including 
infrastructure development are expected to help in the growth of Auto sector demand at a steady 
pace. ICRA has projected a CAGR of around 6-9 percent across the automotive segments over 
the medium to long term. 
We have been closely watching the growth trends and the announcements for capacity expansion 
made by our OEMs including our largest customer – Maruti Suzuki. During my last interaction 
with you, I informed you that the Company will soon announce expansion of its production 
capacity. I hope our investors have read the recent announcements made by the Company at 
Stock Exchange for capacity expansion. We announced in Dec’23 and Feb 24 for setting up 2 
additional lines for MS Gear, thereby increasing the capacity by 8 lac units. In Feb’24, we also 
announced doubling the CVJ capacity by 4 lac units.  
Now I would like to discuss with you the company’s financial results. 
 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
The financial results for Q4 FY 24 are now available with you. In Q4 FY 24, JTEKT India 
achieved the highest ever sale of 6321 million which was 19% higher than the sales achieved in 
the corresponding quarter last year. For the FY 2023-24, JTEKT India achieved the highest ever 
sale of 22,455 million which was 10% higher than the sales achieved in the previous year. The 
growth of 10% in sales was better compared to PV Segment Market growth of 7%. 
The Company has achieved consistent increase in its EBIDTA margins. EBIDTA margin 
touched 11% in Q4 of FY 24 compared to 9.4% achieved in corresponding quarter. For the full 
year EBIDTA touched a level of 9.5% in FY 24 compared to 9.1% in FY 23.  An improvement 
of more than 0.4% shows management efforts to improve margins and control fixed costs.  
Lastly I would also like to inform that Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, New Delhi 
vide its Order dated 12th December, 2023 approved the ‘Scheme of Amalgamation’ of JTEKT 
Fuji Kiko Automotive India Limited with JTEKT India Limited.  The said Order of NCLT was 
filed with the Office of the Registrar of companies on 1st January, 2024. Since both the 
Companies are part of the same value chain involving production of CEPS (Electric Power 
Steering), hence there exists a natural synergy. The merger has opened up several opportunities 
towards production and cost rationalization to enhance our competitiveness in the market.  
With this, I would like to thank you for your participation and open the conference for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question is 
from the line of Manoj Bahety from Carnelian. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Bahety: 
First of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers. So I have three questions. First one is if 
you can help us understand the write-off which we have done during the quarter towards some 
adjustment in the receivables, what exactly the nature of that, was it a fraud, whether the money 
has been taken out by someone. So that is my first question. If you can help us understand the 
details of the transaction and also to which year that original transaction belonged to. Was it like 
prior to the change in hands in the company or the recent one? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Understood. So I think these let me explain the nature of these transactions. So these were 
unidentified reconciliation entries and these were pending in our receivable accounts. These 
entries actually pertain to deductions which were made by OEM from invoice value due to 
change in sale price, but not accounted by us in the past period.  
And these entries as you asked are pertaining to a very old period, more than 5 years old 
backward of 2019, backward from 2011 onwards. So very old entries which were lying as 
unreconciled balances in our books. So during the current year we discussed with our stat 
auditors and we thought that we need to clean it up because we were not able to trace this entry 
the rational for these entries.  
So based on our discussion with stat auditors we hired an external agency is a K G Somani & 
Company, is a very renowned firm of Chartered Accountants and we carried out a detailed 
forensic audit. The purpose was to establish the nature of such entries as well as the exact value 
of these transactions. So the total value of 77 million was charged to profit and loss account in 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
the current financial year March 2024 we charged all these amounts. And we have accordingly 
reported this matter to audit committee which in turn has reported the matter to stat auditors. 
Our stat auditors will now review the report as well as the observations of the audit committee 
and will decide if any further step is required. As decided in consultation with our stat auditors 
since the amount of 77 million, INR7.7 crores is not material considering the PBT of INR145 
crores for the year, no adjustment of the past period financial has been done. If you know that 
accounting standards require that if there is a past period error which this must be accounted for 
in the past period unless these are considered immaterial. 
So these differences were not considered material hence there has not been any past period 
adjustment. The entire amount has been taken as a bad debt in our current financial year. So 
management has also taken necessary steps to ensure that no such similar error exists and that 
was the whole purpose of involving independent agency K G Somani & Co. We could have 
done this exercise on our own, but in consultation with auditors and audit committee we decided 
let there be a professional independent firm doing this analysis and then let there be a formal 
report to ensure that there is no further hit or no further entries which are pending.  
So we have received recommendations also from K G Somani & Company to establish 
additional internal financial controls. In turn, auditors of the company now will be supervising 
the implementation of these internal controls to avoid any recurrence of such errors in future. 
 
So two things one, this pertains to the very past period, these are unreconciled adjustment entries, 
have been completely verified by an external agency, the complete hit has been taken, the 
amount is immaterial and therefore no past period adjustment has been done. And we have 
closed the entries in the current financial year. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Great, great. Thank you so much. It is helpful, Rajivji. Thank you for the clarification. Just one 
related question to this. If I adjust for this INR7.7 crores, our EBITDA for the quarter is upward 
of 12%. So, can you also attribute the reason for such a meaningful jump in EBITDA margin 
and how do you think on the sustainability of these margins? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Yes, thank you so much. So if we look at the profit margins, I think Mogi San has already 
covered that the company has achieved consistent increase in EBITDA. It touched 11% in 
quarter 4, even after taking this exceptional hit of INR7.7 crores. And this is very high compared 
to 9.4%, which we achieved in the corresponding quarter of the last year. I think full year are 
the more relevant numbers where we touched EBITDA of 9.5 compared to 9.1 in 2023, 0.4% 
improvement. This actually shows efforts of the management to improve margins and control 
fixed costs. 
 
These are sustainable. Why? Because the increase has happened through several factors, 
including the merger, which has just been completed. So benefits of merger have already started 
pouring in and we expect that these can only further improve. If we look at improvement areas, 
I think you must have seen our financial results and maybe I may explain a bit about that. You 
know, whenever a new business is won based on competitive bidding, initial period, the cost of 
production, mainly material cost is slightly high. 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
 
This is followed by various initiatives which are taken by the company for reducing the material 
cost through VAV, localization and negotiations. While we have seen an upward movement in 
material cost in the current financial year, however, we have made our best effort to contain 
other cost elements, especially fixed costs. Just for the information of the investors, in the area 
of employee cost, the company has taken several initiatives involving rationalization, the 
digitization of manual and routine activities and productivity improvement. 
 
This has actually helped us to reduce the employee manpower cost. If you look at the current 
manpower cost, it touched a level of 10.1%, which was as high as 13.4% in 2019-20. Along with 
that you must have seen there is complete control on the administrative expenses. 
 
So over the mid-term period certain initiatives which are being taken by the company, we are 
very sure that this will help us to improve margins further, better price negotiations with 
customers for the new orders, expansion of exports, localization of certain critical components 
for our new product, CBG. I think there are many, many activities which are in the pipeline and 
progressing successfully. And we are very sure that we are able to retain this margin in the future 
periods as well. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Thank you. Thanks for the clarification of this, Rajivji. And great to hear on the margins part 
that the initiative of the companies are working. So my second question is on the capex, which 
you have done both on the CBG side as well as on the CPS. Just wanted to understand that with 
the current round of capex, what is the potential revenue possible once that capex gets over? 
And what is the timeline of this capex? And after that, I have one last question if I may ask. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Okay, I think it's a relevant question. So, we will like to answer the question. If we look at the 
financial year '24, which you have just completed, we incurred a total capital expenditure of 
1,700 million. 
 
And this included setting up one additional PDC machine, pressure die casting machine of 850 
tons. This thing we have, we are increasing our die casting capacity. We have, apart from that 
the new product development, which are happening, it accounted about 270 million of capital 
expenditure. 
 
We had capacity expansion for certain child parts of the CPS, warm shop, warm housing, 
intermediate shop, accounting for about 270 million. One additional activity, which was a 
different type of activity is that replacing our diesel generator set with PNG. Environment point 
of view, yes. 
 
And because they have been several environment regulations, which were troubling us. So, we 
have replaced all of our diesel generators with PNG generators, cost us about 85 million. Design 
and protocol, which is continuously spending money every year to improve our technical 
capability, 44 million was spent. 
 
And then maintenance capex, like procurement of dies, etcetera, that was about 460 million. And 
MS-Gear, which we reported last time, the new line, which is under setting up, we spent about 
124 million. So, this was, as if you will understand from my explanation, is that most of the 
money is going into future capacity building. 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
 
So, that's where the most of the money has gone. So, at present we are working on the third CPS 
line, whereby we will be increasing our capacity from 10 lakh units to about 15 lakh units. And 
we are working on the sixth manual gear line, which will increase our capacity from 23 lakhs to 
about 27.5 lakhs, around 4.5 lakhs more. The capital expenditure on this will be upward of 
around 1,200 million. So, this is one major capital expenditure, which we are planning in the 
current financial year. You must have seen our stock exchange reporting in December '23 and 
February '24, setting up two new MS-Gear lines. 
 
And also, February 24, we announced setting up one more CVJ line. There will be some capital 
expenditures, which we'll start doing in the current financial year, but it may flow to the next 
financial year as well. Coming to the how we are going to fund this capital expenditure, the cash 
generation for the current financial year was about 1,870 million. 
 
And this was sufficient to meet our capital expenditure requirement of 1,700 million, plus 
dividend payout of 179 million. There was a small increase in borrowings, about 500 million, 
and that was mainly towards funding our working capital due to increase in business. We have 
a corporate guarantee from our parent company available, JTEKT Corporation Japan. 
 
And therefore, the company has got an access to very low cost funding for our future capital 
expansion. So, we are gearing up, and there will be additional capacity expansion, which will 
keep on happening. And we'll keep on reporting at our regular investor call, as well as stock 
exchange reporting. If you have any other specific questions, you can ask me. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Yes, one last question, Rajivji. If you can also touch up on how you are seeing the exports, you 
are also notified to the exchange about one export order win. So, how the export trajectory is 
likely to be completed over the next two, three years and as well as any chances of any new 
product introduction from your current bucket to India, any talks are happening in that direction? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So, on the exports I think at our last investor call, we reported that our discussions with our 
group entity in Brazil are in final stages. And we hope you have noticed our stock exchange 
reporting on 11 December 2023 about receipt of final purchase order from JTEKT Brazil for 
supply of steering components. JTEKT Brazil is a group entity of JTEKT Corporation Japan and 
which is our holding company. So, the total at the start the volume will be around 1.14 lakh 
units. 
 
And this will get us an additional sales value of 450 million. Total value of the order actually 
depends on the final customer demand. However, as per our current estimate this will be in 
excess of 1,800 million. This will be our first success in our efforts that we have been making 
for the last two years. So, we are very happy to announce that. SOP of this business is sometime 
in 2025-26. After this SOP the percentage of our export sales will increase from our current 4% 
to about 6%. And another thing the effort which we are doing in respect of increasing our exports 
is our customers in US they are very stable and there has been a gradual increase. There are two 
main customers in US, which is E-Z-GO and Club Car. 
 
Just to quote you a few numbers in respect of E-Z-GO, where we export rack and pinion, manual 
gear and column assembly the total value of export was 561 million in 2023-24, which when we 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
compare with the total value of 475 million last year it shows a growth of 18%. Similarly, for 
Club Car, where we supply steering gear the total value of export was 274 million compared to 
230 million in the previous year showing an increase of 19%. 
 
So, we are very aggressive with our existing customers as well as we are trying to find out more 
opportunities for exporting. We are working with E-Z-GO for their new model also. It's a Liberty 
Gold Cart model. SOP is in the current month and this will give us additional volume of small 
10 million. But yes, we are continuing with these entities to develop more models for export 
purpose. So, we are looking at it as this is first opportunity which has crystallized. We'll keep 
looking at export of components, export of steering gear in future as well. And we'll keep on 
reporting that to you. 
Manoj Bahety: 
And on new product introduction? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Yes, so we need to wait we need to stabilize things in India. There are opportunities available. I 
will not shy away to say that there are more opportunities are not available. There are 
opportunities available for bringing in more products. There are opportunities available for 
exports of components. Many opportunities are available. We'll keep sharing that. At this point 
of time, we do not have anything to share because that's not in the public domain. So, we can't 
share at this point of time. But yes, we just can say there are opportunities available. 
Manoj Bahety: 
Thank you so much, Rajiv. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Thank you, Manoj. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Tushar from Peace Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Tushar: 
Okay. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is, what is the revenue mix that we 
have from different OEMs as of Q4? And then how can this number look like, say, two years 
out if we consider the current pipeline of vehicles that are coming in from different OEMs, be it 
Toyota or Renault-Nissan group, and as well as Honda export side? So just to understand some 
color on that. So, that is my first question. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So just to give you the breakup for the financial year 2024, Maruti Suzuki is 54%, Toyota is 
12%, Honda is 8%, Mahindra & Mahindra 9%, Renault is 3%, Tata 2%, exports 4%, and the 
rest is aftermarket and other small products. So, going forward, I think, as I said, export, we 
expect to increase from 4% to 6%. 
 
We are working with several new models of Maruti and Honda, and we expect that that business 
will increase, but we do not expect a major kind of a shift in our share of business of the different 
OEMs. We are working with almost all the OEMs for their new developments, and we hope that 
the share of business may be a little bit changed, but not significantly. 
Tushar: 
And, sir, like we get almost 100% business of Toyota, 90% of Honda, if I recall this number 
correctly. So, what is that number for Renault right now? 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Renault-Nissan is less, that's not, if you look at the total figures, it's split between Mondo and 
us. So, that's not 100% with us. 
Tushar: 
And, sir, what is the current utilization of all three segments, which is CEPS, MS Gear, and CVJ 
at present? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Current utilization on a push-up basis for both MS Gear and CPES is upward of 90%. 
Tushar: 
At present, you're saying, right? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
We are, therefore, we are expanding. We will have, we have already planned our new CPES line 
as well as new MS Gear line, and the activities are in progress. 
Tushar: 
And one last question, sir. So, under driveline, we had introduced CVJ. So, I just wanted to 
understand from JTEKT Corp side, so, how many products that we have under driveline for 
JTEKT Corp? I'm not asking you what we can add from there, but just to understand how big 
this business is from the driveline perspective? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
So, I can give you the numbers, some numbers on the CVJ, but I will not be able to share the 
total. Like steering, we got a complete system, which we are supplying to our OEMs. Driveline, 
we are supplying certain products of the driveline combination, but we are not supplying 
driveline as a system at this point of time. 
 
There are other products also which form part of driveline, which we are not manufacturing. 
Coming to CVJ, if you look at, I think these will be some good numbers, which I would like to 
share with you. The current value of CVJ supplied in a set, there's two units, which are supplied 
as one set for one particular car, and the current price is around 5,600, which we are supplying. 
And there is a possibility, as we have improved technology, the price can go up to 7,500 also. 
 
So, when you look at that, when you try to compare content per car, if we look at CPS, which 
we are supplying, and we take some kind of an average number for that, though the value will 
change model-to-model, we take it 12,000 as a number and we take CVJ as 6,000 as an average 
number, which means that we are going to increase content per car by as much as 50%. 
So it's a major change which has happened and it has opened up a big opportunity for us. There 
is a competition involved, but the way we have started, we are just about 5% of the market at 
our current capacity and we will, like, as we'll be doubling our capacity, we have aspirations to 
increase this business, because this will help us to improve content per car in a big way. 
 
So these are the activities which we are doing and we'll keep sharing with you. Other than that, 
there are products available in the driveline segment. We are not a supplier of a complete system 
of driveline. Yes, we agree with that. But as we will have more opportunities open up for the 
Indian market, we'll keep reporting that to you. 
Tushar: 
Okay. And if I may just squeeze in one more question, sir. Can you, can you please, is it possible 
for you to name all the models that we are serving to for all the OEMs, major ones? 
Rajiv Chanana: 
You mean to say Maruti Suzuki? How many, for how many models we are supplying? 

 
 
JTEKT India Limited 
 
 
June 19, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Tushar: 
Yes. Which models for Maruti and Mahindra and Mahindra, like that. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
That's a huge list, my dear. Can you call me separately? For example, if I start counting all the 
waters, it will be like. 
Tushar: 
I'll write your IR team. I really appreciate that. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Rajiv Chanana: 
Term and tools balance sheet actually. 
Tushar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you for the clarity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management of JTEKT India Limited for closing comments. 
Hitoshi Mogi: 
Okay. I would like to thank everyone for joining on this call. I hope we have been able to respond 
to all your questions adequately. We are really positive about growth in automotive sector and 
would continue with our efforts to expand to meet industry requirements. Thank you very much. 
Stay safe, stay healthy, and thank you once again for joining with us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of JTEKT India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
