 
 
Corporate Office: 4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune-Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411 014,  
Maharashtra, India  
Corporate Office Extn.: 3rd Floor, Panchshil Tech Park, Viman Nagar, Pune – 411 014, Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 20 7157 6403 | Fax: +91 20 7157 6364 
Registered Office: C/o Bajaj Auto Limited complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, Maharashtra, India  
Corporate ID No.: L65910MH1987PLCO42961 | Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in  
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance-about-us 
 
30 April 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Financial Results for the 
quarter ended 31 March 2024 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure   Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
r/w Clause 15 of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated 25 April 2024, the transcript of Q4FY2024 investors 
conference call has been uploaded on the website of the Company at Bajaj Finance 
Investor Relations –Quarterly Earnings Call (aboutbajajfinserv.com) 
 
Also, enclosed is the transcript (pdf) as attachment for ease of reference. 
 
Kindly take this on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
 
R. Vijay 
Company Secretary 
Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in  
Copy to Catalyst Trustee Ltd. (Debenture Trustee, Pune) 
THE MANAGER,  
BSE LIMITED  
DCS - CRD  
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS  
DALAL STREET,  
MUMBAI - 400 001 
THE MANAGER,  
LISTING DEPARTMENT  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA 
LTD. EXCHANGE PLAZA, C-1. BLOCK G,  
BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX, BANDRA 
(EAST) MUMBAI - 400 051 
SCRIP CODE: 500034 
SCRIP CODE: BAJFINANCE – EQ 
VIJAY 
RAMCHANDR
A
Digitally signed by VIJAY RAMCHANDRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=af20ff9cad3d4f5caf0aef4cad9c0847, 
2.5.4.20=c78f85aa58180cc29440efb4e892d483d08
5d17b433a905c56ab2b61527257bf, 
postalCode=560027, st=KARNATAKA, 
serialNumber=fc8684b15269c625c72aa7633770e8
c160d844db57fa2ef224f0cee0a8c26d0e, cn=VIJAY 
RAMCHANDRA 
Date: 2024.04.30 16:41:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Finance Limited 
Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV JAIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUP SAHA – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR - 
BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. ATUL JAIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH JAIN - MANAGING DIRECTOR - BAJAJ 
FINANCIAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MR. NEELESH SARDA - CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER - 
BAJAJ FINANCE LTD 
 
MR. FAKHARI SARJAN - CHIEF RISK OFFICER - BAJAJ 
FINANCE LTD 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANUJ SINGLA - BANK OF AMERICA SECURITIES 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this call is not for media representatives or Bank of America investment 
bankers or commercial bankers, including corporate and commercial FX. All such individuals 
are instructed to disconnect now. A replay will be available for Bank of America investment 
bankers and commercial bankers, including corporate and commercial FX. The replay is not 
available to the media. 
 
Good day, and welcome to the Bajaj Finance Limited Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. This 
call will be recorded, and the recording will be made public by the company pursuant to its 
regulatory obligations. Certain personal information, such as your name and organization may 
be asked during the call. If you do not wish for it to be disclosed, please immediately discontinue 
this call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference, please signal the operator by pressing star and then zero on your 
touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Singla. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anuj Singla: 
Thank you, Nirav. Good evening, everyone. This is Anuj Singla from Bank of America 
Securities. Thank you very much for joining us for the Bajaj Finance earnings call to discuss 
quarter four and full year FY '24 earnings. To discuss the earnings, I'm pleased to welcome Mr. 
Rajeev Jain, Managing Director, Mr. Sandeep Jain, CFO and other senior members of the 
management team. Thank you very much for giving us the opportunity to host you. 
 
I now invite Rajeev for his opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. With 
that, over to you, Rajeev. 
Rajeev Jain: 
I have with me Sandeep Jain who's our CFO, Anup Saha our DMD, Atul Jain who's MD BHFL, 
and Manish Jain, MD BFSL and a set of my colleagues, Neelesh Sarda, who's Chief Compliance 
Officer; Fakhari, Chief Risk Officer, etcetera. I'll take you through the investor deck, which has 
been uploaded on BSE, NSE and the Investor section of our website. Let me jump right on to 
Panel four. I hope to take 20, 25-odd minutes to take you through important sections, and then 
I'll hand it over for questions and answers. 
 
In terms of Q4, I'm on Panel four, good quarter on AUM, customer acquisition, portfolio metrics 
and operating efficiencies. Dampener of the quarter were elevated loan losses in rural B2C and 
continued impact of regulatory restrictions. Overall, in the quarter, we delivered INR19,647 
crores of AUM growth, booked 7.9 million loans, just a tad little of 7.9 million loans and added 
3.23 million new customers in Q4. 
 
The app, if you're using it or I would strongly recommend you download and you start to use it, 
has gone through a major upgrade in Q4, significantly expanding our products, services and a 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
host of new features on the app and web platform. Bajaj Finserv app now overall has 52.5 million 
customers, net users at this point in time. 
 
In terms of financials, we ended the year with AUM of INR330,600 crores, a growth of 34%. 
opex to total income came in at 34%. That is really where it's been for the last three quarters 
now. PAT came in at INR3,825 crores, a growth of 21%. ROE as a result of capital raise came 
in at 20.5%. Net NPA came in at 0.37%. 
 
I'm on Panel five, which is the full year summary. Overall, I would say, a good year across all 
financial and portfolio metrics for the company. Delivered AUM growth of record INR83,236 
crores. We disbursed overall 36.2 million loans and added a record 14.5 million new customers 
in FY '24. Clearly, regulatory action on two of our products was a setback for the year. We 
remain committed to compliance in form and spirit as a company, and I'll cover as to how we've 
acted on the embargo, on the KFS just in a short while. 
 
We're rapidly implementing our key LRS mega trends that we outlined in Q3 to investors. 
Account aggregator, now we have 22% of India's account aggregator on a monthly -- on a run 
rate basis. We have 8.1 million customers who have given us consents. ONDC, which is on track 
to go live by June '24. Social commerce is a platform, by July '24. Rewards is a platform, by 
June '24 and O2O2O to make life significantly easier for consumers by June '24. It would -- all 
these actions as implemented should significantly strengthen our competitive moat and also 
improve our cost-to-income ratios. 
 
AUM full year I've talked about, so we had INR330,000 crores. opex to NIM on a full year basis 
also came in at 34% because last three quarters, that's really where the number has been. PAT 
has grown by healthy 26% to INR14,451 crores. ROE on a full year basis has come in at 22.1%, 
and net NPA ending March is at 0.37%. So that's the full year. 
 
I'm on Panel six very quickly. Some of the points I'll just cover, which is point number four on 
Panel six. New loans booked were lower by approximately 0.8 million as we articulated even in 
our early press release on account of restrictions laid by RBI on the company on account of 
eCOM and Insta EMI Card. 
 
Total cross-sell franchise crossed a milestone of 50 million customers and stood at 50.75 million 
customers. The company added 53 new locations and added 7,700 distribution points. We are 
now physically present in 4,145 locations and serve over 198,000 active distribution points as 
of 31st March. 
 
In terms of liquidity, buffer -- liquidity buffer is strong at INR15,700 crores. Cost of funds 
continue to inch up, albeit slowly now. It grew by 10 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
On a sequential quarter basis, was at 7.86% in the quarter gone by. The deposits book also grew 
in line with the asset growth, grew by 35% and stood at INR60,151 crores. Net deposit accretion 
was INR2,143 crores. Deposits on a consolidated balance sheet now contributed to 21% of 
overall borrowings. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
In terms of operating efficiencies, net interest income grew 28%. NIM compression in Q4 over 
Q3 on a sequential basis was 21 basis points, primarily contributed by AUM composition 
changes. As we move more and more of our assets or just re-pivot our assets slowly to rightful 
balance between secured and unsecured, there is some level of compression that's slowly evident 
in net interest income. 
 
opex to total income came in at 34%. Company is rapidly deploying various Gen AI initiatives 
across operations, service and contact centres to enhance operating efficiencies. The bigger 
benefits will not be visible in '24-'25 or -- FY '25, but in FY '26, the exit rates of FY '25 should 
be much stronger as we sharpen the pencil in terms of inducting Gen AI across our processes as 
a company. 
 
Employee headcount as a result of optimization of our cost -- operating cost model after 8-odd 
quarters went down. It stood at 53,782. The employee headcount reduced by 499 people in Q4. 
Attrition, on a full year basis, we came in at 14.9% versus last year of 18.7%. So continue to see 
improvement in overall attrition rates for the company. 
 
Credit cost, overall loan losses and provisions were INR1,310 crores. The rural B2C business 
continued to trouble us even in Q4. AUM growth, and as a result, as I've always said, we are a 
risk-first company. Rural B2C growth actually came down from 25% on an AUM growth basis 
to 6% in March '24. So clearly, we still don't have a full handle on rural B2C. And as a result, 
the growth has been slowed down until such time we can tame risk in the business. 
 
Having said that, I must just qualify that it's 5%, 6% of the balance sheet. Yes, 6% of the balance 
sheet. So it's a contained risk, and I would say it does not impact the company in any manner on 
an overall basis. 
 
Loan loss to average AUF came in at 1.86% in Q4. The overall macro-overlay came in at INR300 
crores during the quarter, company utilized INR127 crores towards strengthening of ECL model, 
which is an annual exercise and released INR163 crores towards loan losses and provisions. So 
it was -- the number was close to INR590 crores, which has come down to INR300 crores. 
GNPA and NNPA came in at 85 basis points. It's the lowest that we have seen in the history of 
the company and net NPA came in at 37 basis points. I think even in the industry, it's amongst 
the lowest GNPA ratios definitely and NNPA as well. 
 
Risk metrics across portfolios are stable, except the rural B2C business, as I said, which continue 
to trouble us. We continue to remain watchful on risk actions in the rural B2C business. 
Otherwise, all businesses are from a management assurance standpoint, at this point in time, 
being marked as green. 
 
I'm on Panel eight, profitability. Consolidated pre-provisioning profit grew 25%, PAT grew 
21%, annualized ROA came in at 4.84%, ROE came in at 20.48%, capital adequacy came in at 
22.52% and Tier 1 capital was 21.51%. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Three, four additional updates. I thought I'll provide, I'm on point number 26, Panel eight, that 
the Board of Directors of BHFL, which is wholly owned subsidiary of BFL, at its meeting held 
yesterday evaluated various options for meeting the mandatory listing conditions pursuant to 
BHFL classification as a upper layer company, and including a potential IPO. In this regard, 
Board of BHFL has constituted a committee to undertake various actions and steps. That's really 
the update that we're going to provide at this point in time. And as and when the committee 
deems appropriate, we'll provide timely updates to the investors. 
 
In the quarter gone by, company to diversify its borrowing profile, raised $725 million in 
external commercial borrowings, which is equivalent to INR6,016 crores, all in 3-year monies. 
So now 2% of the overall borrowing profile is in ECB. At the peak of it, we used to have 4% of 
our borrowing in ECB. So based on market conditions, we expect to take it to 4%-odd in the 
current year itself. 
 
Last point is point number 29 and 30 I want to cover, on Panel nine, that the company has made 
required changes in response to the regulatory restrictions imposed by RBI on the company on 
sanction and disbursal of loans under eCOM and Insta EMI Card. The company has formally 
requested RBI for a review and removal of these restrictions. 
 
To ensure compliance in form and spirit, the company in addition to the two lending products, 
which are under embargo, has implemented KFS now for all lending products effective 31st 
March. So any client who takes a loan from the company across retail and SME, effective April 
1 gets to receive a comprehensive KFS, and it's in 20 vernacular languages. So that's really the 
update on BFL consolidated. 
 
BHFL had a good quarter, AUM was up 32%, home loans grew 24%, loan against property 23%, 
lease rental discounting 57%, and developer finance 69%. Portfolio composition remains steady. 
BFL is fully meeting its PBC criteria of 60%. The number you see is 58% here, but based on 
PBC criteria, it's at 61% is what the PBC criteria -- the hurdle rate is 60%. The company is at 
61%. Overall, approvals grew 19% to INR19,500 crores. Disbursements grew 26% to 
INR11,400 crores and the company is now present in 174 locations. Liquidity was steady at 
INR2,000 crores, borrowing mix remained largely steady with bank borrowings contributing to 
51%. 
 
Operating -- in terms of operating efficiencies, net interest income grew 11%. Total income grew 
14%. opex to total income came in at 27%. Employee headcount stood at 2,400. The credit costs 
were virtually negligible, came in at INR35 crores, and BHFL still holds a macro and 
management overlay of over INR94 crores. GNPA and NNPA are amongst the industry best at 
27 basis points and 10 basis points. 
 
In terms of profitability, PAT grew by 26% to INR381 crores, and annualized ROA came in at 
2% and ROE of 12.65% on a quarter basis, on a full year basis at 15%. BHFL raised INR2,000 
crores from right -- through rights issue from BFL on 3rd of April 2024. It's sufficiently 
capitalized for '25, '26, for 18 months of growth or so. So that aspect has been taken care of to 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
ensure that whatever the committee of the -- Board constituted committee decides in terms of its 
options, they are well capitalized. 
 
Bajaj Financial Securities ended the quarter with INR26 crores profit against INR3 crores profit 
a year ago. Profit after tax came in at INR22 crores against a profit INR3 crores again. Added 
43,000 customers. The company on a full year basis, delivered a pretax profit of INR72 crores, 
giving us latitude to start to invest in the business to grow the business as we move from here. 
 
Next two panels are full year panels. I'm not going to spend time on that. What I wanted to do is 
to give you a management assessment for FY '25 because questions get asked, and we'll end up 
responding. I thought it may just be more prudent for us to systematically give you a 
management assessment for FY '25. Also, importantly, we've been through two low years and 
two high years if I take the last four years since COVID. And we're getting into a normal year, 
the way we see it as management. So I thought it's important we provide you a reasonable update 
or assessment from FY '25 standpoint. 
 
I'm on Panel 17 for the reference of people who are listening in. As you're aware, we have a 
well-established long-term guidance across AUM, profit, GNPA, NNPA, ROA and ROE. We 
expect FY '25, the way we see it at this point in time, to be a year of normalization to pre-COVID 
metrics. Adjusted for, of course, certain regulatory changes pertaining to NPA classification. So 
-- and those NPA classifications have had an impact of 12 to 14 basis points. So it's a marginal 
change but that's changed. When your credit costs are to the extent of 1.7% and they go up to 
1.82%, that's a change, which is a 8%, 9% change. That has happened as a result of 
harmonization of NPA classification between banks and nonbanks, which RBI conducted 
between '20, '21 and '22. 
 
When I look back over the last four years, what principally I come to conclusion is that the first 
two years of COVID were a low phase and the last two years of COVID have been -- last two 
years have been a high phase. From that perspective, we thought we'll just provide you a 
management assessment. This is all -- of course, is subject to stable macroeconomic and 
regulatory environment. This assessment, I must just qualify is for FY '25 only, and we remain 
committed to achieving long-term guidance metrics for the medium term as a company for which 
we are sufficiently capitalized, have full breadth of products, have large franchise and a very 
strong moat in terms of business model. 
 
These are seven, eight areas that, in general, that you guys have -- that the investors have 
questions on, I thought I'll just clarify them. In terms of our management assessment of FY '25 
is that we'll continue to originate 12 to 14 million customers in FY '25, we added 14.5 million 
customers in FY '24. In terms of AUM, we foresee a 26% to 28% balance sheet growth, 
principally supported by newly launched secured businesses such as loan against property, 
which went live in Jan '23; a new car financing, which went live in July '24 -- July '23, sorry; 
and tractor finance, which went live in January '24. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
Net interest margin has been moderating because of rising cost of funds and gradual shift in 
AUM composition towards secured assets. We expect costs to peak in our assessment at this 
point in time by July, August, and AUM composition re-pivot towards secured assets to stabilize 
by September '24. Accordingly, we foresee a 30 to 40 basis point moderation in NIM over the 
next two quarters from our current levels and then stabilize from there. Of course, global interest 
rates, local interest rates will still have a role to play both ways if -- upwards or downwards. But 
this is assuming that by second half -- sometime in second half of the year, we have peaked in 
terms of interest rates. That's really what the assumption is. 
 
In terms of opex to NIM, we expect improvement of 20 to 40 basis points from current levels. 
And as we continue to focus -- we move from accelerated frame to a more consolidation stage, 
there could be a little bit of opportunity in opex to total income, even from these levels. In terms 
of credit costs, as I said, pre-COVID we used to be at 175 to 185 basis points. We expect to 
remain within that corridor. Last year it was 182 basis points -- for the year gone by, 182 basis 
points. We expect to remain within the corridor of 175 to 185 basis points. 
 
Return on assets, our long-term guidance between 4.6% to 4.8%. We expect to remain within 
the long-term guidance of 4.6% to 4.8%. ROE in FY '25 may marginally go down as a result of 
capital that we've raised. But as you can see, ROE is holding steady, but mainly because of 
excess capital that we'll be sitting on that we may see some level of -- a little bit of a drag on 
ROE in the -- in FY '25. 
 
GNPA and NNPA expected to remain range bound and lower than our long-term guidance, long-
term guidance has been 1.2% to 1.4%. We ended the year at 85 basis points and 37 basis points. 
We expect to remain between 85 -- between 85 to 100 basis points of GNPA and NNPA 
depending on the quarter. On a full year basis, we expect this to be well within the current range. 
 
In terms of profitability, we remain cautiously optimistic about FY '25 with profit growth to be 
a little more rear-ended due to moderation in NIM in the first half of FY '25. I think that -- I 
thought I'll just try and answer most of the questions that people have in a clear manner so that 
we can -- so that's really one of the last panels. 
 
Very quickly, we can just go to asset mix, that's panel number -- the cross-sell franchise 
continues to grow well. So I'm mindful of time. In terms of asset mix, that's on Panel 55. On a 
year-on-year basis, there is a 2.2% reduction in unsecured to secured mix. Urban B2C, as you 
can see, has gone down by 80 basis points and rural B2C as a result of the actions that we've 
taken has gone down by 140 basis points, leading to 220 basis point reduction in unsecured. One 
is not by design. The second is by design, which is rural B2C, which I've talked about for the 
last two, three quarters. 
 
From this time onwards, we also started to separate rural B2C, we used to have gold loans sitting 
there. We have started to separate gold loan as well. Gold loan is now 1.4% balance sheet, ending 
last year. It's -- we've also separated from SME lending, the car loan balance sheet. It is now at 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
2.1% of the balance sheet. So greater granularity in the balance sheet continues to emerge as we 
grow larger and larger in size. 
 
So 2-wheeler, 3-wheeler grew year-on-year by 80 basis points in terms of mix. Urban sales 
finance flat, urban B2C down 80 basis points, rural sales finance flat, rural B2C down as a result 
of actions, gold loan moved up, SME lending 40 basis points down, commercial lending moved 
30 basis point, so on and so forth. That's really where the overall asset mix has been. But I would 
say, marked by greater granularity as we continue to execute on our long-range strategy of to be 
present in all retail and MSME categories that clients would want us to be. 
 
Just on the last point on GNPA and NNPA, which is panel -- and with that, I'll hand over for 
Q&A. This is panel 58, range bound, plus, minuses, not much movement here, as you can see, 
aggregate is where it is. Reasons for up and down are also different. If you have questions, you 
can raise them, we'll try and answer it as to why it's 40 basis points, 31st March '23 is at 57 
because the balance sheet in the preceding -- in 31st March quarter, the urban sales finance 
balance sheet grew whereas urban sales finance balance sheet in quarter four went down because 
of the embargo. So it's a numerator-denominator point on urban sales finance and rural sales 
finance and so on and so forth. 
 
That really brings me -- in terms of portfolio quality, we remain -- on Panel 62 from a 
management assurance standpoint, we remain pretty comfortable. As I said, everything 
eventually will go back to pre-COVID adjusted for regulatory actions that happened in terms of 
GNPA and NNPA. Otherwise, we remain well ahead or still significantly better than where we 
were pre-COVID. I think that brings me to the end of points that I wanted to cover, happy to 
take Q&A between me and the management team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from 
PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
I've got two or three questions. The first one is, do we have any plans to list in the international 
market, either through ADR or GDR? Second is with respect to struggling businesses which is 
-- 1 of gold loan second is broking. When do we see a INR1,000 crores bottom line for each of 
the businesses? What's the timeline if you can comment to that. 
 
Third is that the B2C business, when we include urban plus rural, that, in my sense, should 
constitute a larger amount of the profit pool, closer to 35%, 40% basis which we cross-subsidize 
other products or other businesses. Now given the fact that we have been hitting the credit cost 
from these businesses, are we facing issues in cross-subsidizing the other businesses? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So ADR, GDR, it's a new point. So I had not thought about it, but it's a good input. We'll evaluate 
and update you guys based on our assessment. We do know broadly that some of the -- some of 
our -- some of the leading firms in India are listed there. So thank you for your input. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
In terms of profit horizon, clearly, we build business with a long-term view. We expect 
microfinance -- so in terms of size, if you start to think about it and that's why we detailed gold 
loan this time, we are now from 180 branches to 650 branches, business is growing extremely 
well. You should continue to see progress there. We are very clear it is anywhere between 18 to 
24 months, by the time business becomes breakeven because we're doing business at scale and 
36 to 48 before it starts to meet hurdle rate, and anywhere between 40 to 60 before it starts to be 
a meaningful contributor to profitability. These are the three dimensions that go into our planning 
process. 
 
So clearly, as you can see, as we've been updating the Street that we launched a whole host of 
businesses in the last 18 months. Microfinance, tractor, new car financing, LAP. We're just 
launching commercial vehicle. So clearly, it's a -- we launched open architecture 2-wheeler 2 
two years ago. That should start to be -- that should make money in the current year. So clearly, 
two years to breakeven and businesses are built with a five-to-six-year view. But do we remain 
very focused on giving time, attention as we become larger to young businesses? The answer is 
yes. So that's the second point. 
 
In terms of your third point, you're principally saying that are they subsidizing. We run 
verticalized P&Ls for each one of our line of businesses internally. No business gets any subsidy. 
They all get capital at the same rate. They all -- so it's a very established, disciplined process and 
methodology, and there is no cross subsidization. Every business must meet -- any business that 
we do, it can take three years, but must meet a hurdle rate of 14% to 15% ROE for us to even 
launch the business. So -- and there is no concept of cross subsidization in the firm because we 
think that creates mediocrity in the way we run and conduct businesses. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
My question still remains unanswered, what's the commitment in the INR1,000 crores bottom 
line from gold business and broking business? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Sorry... 
Management: 
Gold and broking business. 
Rajeev Jain: 
What will be the? 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
When do we hit INR1,000 crores profit in each of these businesses, gold and broking? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So I mean -- so gold loan, look, at this point in time, is going well. You're aware it's a cyclical 
business because it's a commodity, so clearly growing very rapidly at this point in time, okay? 
If the current run rate was to continue, in three years' time, it could be INR1,000 crores 
profitability. But again, as I said, we're building this with a long-term view. The model and the 
template is well set. So -- now that's one. 
 
Coming to BFSL. BFSL had a pretax profit pool of INR72 crores last year, should cross -- should 
grow significantly, I would say, given their current run rate at this point in time, should get to 3-

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
digit growth in the current year itself and should compound I would say, 35%, 40% for the near 
term. 
 
Now -- and then when I say -- then you're talking INR1,000 crores. That's a long way off for 
Manish Jain to deliver in BFSL. But again, I repeat we are building business with a long-term 
view. We are quite excited about the business. Do we challenge all our businesses to hit a 
milestone of INR1,000 crores profitability? The answer is yes. But are we patient enough to 
know that businesses take time to build? The answer is yes. So gold loan three to four years, 
longer for BFSL. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Shah: 
So I had two questions. One is, basically, so first of all, how is the management transition 
happening with Anup now being elevated and basically how internally it is playing out? Is it as 
per your expectations? And what are the changed roles and responsibilities now you are wearing. 
That is point number one. 
 
The second question that I had was also to do with now -- again, we have now numerous 
instances of RBI placing business restrictions on different entities across the shades of different 
regulated entities. So I wanted to get a sense of -- at least the common theme we have seen is 
that on issues that have been more recurrent issue between those regulated entities and RBI, 
those are the points basis which if they are left unaddressed, that is where RBI is stepping in 
with this kind of restrictions. So are there apart from this one instance which was there, any other 
pressing points that have been, say, more of a persistent issue? Any guidance on that front would 
be really helpful. 
Rajeev Jain: 
So management transition, it's very early days as yet. You would appreciate that. We announced 
the management transition in December. So it's very, very early, is the point I would make. So 
it's a patience play for us as a management team. And clearly, we would request you all to be 
patient as well. And the only thing I would say is that it's being done in a highly disciplined, 
rigorous and a planned manner. And we're all working towards making it a successful transition. 
So that's the first part. 
 
Second part, clearly, in terms of regulated matters, our preference would be to not comment on 
it. We are -- we remain committed to compliance in form and spirit. Areas that we are identifying 
even on our own, we are acting on in addition to annually points being raised by Reserve Bank. 
So -- and are we all -- given the actions on us, are we committed as a company to ensure that we 
don't create such a recurrence, at least as management, we are fully committed to. And that's 
what I can say. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi. Please go ahead. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Kunal Shah: 
So firstly, on credit cost, again. So given that there is a pivot which is happening towards the 
secured business, and maybe towards relatively a low yielding portfolio as well. But in terms of 
the credit cost guidance, that still seems to be slightly on a higher side at 1.75% to 1.85%. So -- 
maybe last time you indicated urban B2C as well, which was in the watch-list, but it doesn't 
seem to be the case now. So then maybe could it be like are there any other product segments 
which is becoming a cause of concern, or these are like the normal write-offs which we are 
seeing in the business, which is leading to this kind of a guidance here? 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. First thing you will remember that while we re-pivot towards secured assets, if you look at 
the transition is 2.5%. So 2.5% of assets went down in terms of unsecured and correspondingly 
other portfolios went up. So it's a pivot that will happen gradually. It's not doing anything 
considering the secured businesses are low-risk businesses, unsecured are high-risk businesses, 
it is a myth. If both done poorly or -- will yield the same negative result. So it's a gradual 
transition. It is not a quick transition. 
 
But clearly, the road map is to create a more granular portfolio. There's no question of balance. 
We've been running this mix for many, many years. We have published to the Street that our 
LRS plan is to compound at 25%, 27%. So it's in that direction. There is -- and all shifts will be 
gradual in nature. So that's why even the -- while the assets may come, the -- or as the mix 
moves, it all comes with a lag effect. So that's the only point, Kunal, that you have to keep in 
mind. 
Sandeep Jain: 
If I may add, Rajeev. I think in addition to that, Kunal, if you look at last year performance, 
right, we delivered 1.63% loan loss to average AUF. And adjusted for macro and management 
overlay that we released in the last year, the number was 1.82%. If you look at pre-COVID, 
adjusted for growth, of course, we used to grow reasonably at faster pace at the point in time. 
On a normalized basis, the loan loss to average AR, pre-COVID was 1.65% to 1.75% kind of 
corridor. 
 
Rajeev will talk about some of the regulatory changes with respect to definition of NPA that 
happened last to last year. On top of it, as you would remember, we have made this point in a 
couple of earnings calls as well. We have significantly accelerated our write-off policies to 
ensure that we don't carry any residual risk in the balance sheet. That has also led to 10, 12 basis 
point impact on the overall loan loss to average AR as a metric. If you take both the things 
together, I think 175 to 185 is a normal corridor in addition to what Rajeev has communicated. 
Rajeev Jain: 
And mind you, Kunal, four years later, the balance sheet is INR330,000 crores versus 
INR140,000 crores, but we ensured that the credit has remained -- in fact, if you knock off the 
point Sandeep is making, we are lower than where we were versus FY '20. So balance sheet is 
up 2.8x and credit costs have held flat rather marginally reduced, if you knock off these 
regulatory changes that came in. 
 
However, on your last point, as mix pivots a little bit, sometime in '26, '27, you will see an 
impact. It will not even be this year and the next year. I mean '25, '26, you may see some impact, 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
you will see full impact only in '26, '27 in terms if the -- of the slow or gradual pivot that we are 
working towards. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure, sure. So on an average, what would be the write-offs maybe if we have to look at it, maybe 
currently, maybe in this quarter also, it seems to be on the higher side. But what should be the 
average write-offs given the profile of the assets which we are building? So just wanted to get 
that because today, in terms of the GNPA as well as net NPA those are like, as you mentioned, 
historically low levels, yes. 
Sandeep Jain: 
So I think if you look at Kunal, by that logic, I think the overall provisioning versus last year to 
this year is very well disclosed. The differential is nothing but the write-off number. I think 
barring 10 basis point, which goes towards provisioning balances towards write-off only. 
Eventually... 
Kunal Shah: 
And that might not improve, yes. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes. Eventually, what you do is you settle the account with the customer by taking a charge off 
after consuming all the remedial or measure that is available for you to do debt management 
services. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And one last question in terms of the BHFL. So again, if I look at in terms of the NIM 
trajectory out there, given that that's also like more than 25% of the AUM, it seems like NIMs 
there itself have contracted and that has led to like almost 21 bps kind of a contraction on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. So overall, profitability was also low in BHFL compared to Q3. Year-
on-year, it's sustained. But how should we look at the BHFL, both in terms of the margin as well 
as the ROE profile? Does it improve towards 2.3%, 2.4% or like 2% seems to be... 
Rajeev Jain: 
So two points. Clearly, you know that -- if I may use the word in a lighter vein, the madness in 
terms of competitive activity in the mortgage space. I mean, borrowing costs for BHFL and NCD 
market is at 8.3% and home loans are being distributed at 8.4% and 8.5%. So we are in that zone 
that it’s a pretty crazy zone. So that’s point number one for me to make. 
 
Point number two, clearly, our guidance on a long-range basis, while the company has delivered 
a 15% ROE in the current year, we believe that anywhere between 13% to 15% ROE on a 
sustainable basis is really where the business is anchored on. So that’s the way you should look 
at the business. It is that a range bound 13%, 14%, 15% ROE on a sustainable basis, amongst 
the cleanest, largest businesses in India, which are focused on – and a great annuity business that 
we are headed to create is how you should look at the business. Amongst the largest, amongst 
the lowest risk businesses, 13% to 15% ROE and compounding annually between 25%, 27% to 
create a great annuity business. Its cost-to-income ratio should keep going down. So making it 
more and more competitive as it becomes larger in size. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kuntal Shah from Oaklane Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Kuntal Shah: 
My question is, I just wanted to correct that there’s 70 bps increase in the cost of fund, right, in 
spite of the ECB cost borrowing up – the ECB as… 
Rajeev Jain: 
On a full year basis, Kuntal? 
Kuntal Shah: 
Yes. 
Rajeev Jain: 
In the full year, yes. If you go to the panel, I think th’re's a... 
Sandeep Jain: 
T’at's correct, Kuntal,’it's 70 basis points over last year. T’at's correct. 
Kuntal Shah: 
And there is a 4% impact on the embargo on the PBT level? 
Sandeep Jain: 
T’at's correct. 
Rajeev Jain: 
For the current quarter, yes. 
Kuntal Shah: 
Rajeev, the question is, you mentioned in passing about account aggregator, ONDC, rewards 
and various planning – -- the products you are rolling out. Can you just throw a granular light 
on how does it impact franchisee, profitability and so on and so forth? 
Rajeev Jain: 
I mean account aggregator, we think, is a fundamental shift in the way business will be done. 
That's really how we are driving the business at this point in time. As I shared, that it's 8.1 million 
consents. I mean based on the consent of the client to get his -- in a structured manner, his entire 
bank statement, allowing us to underwrite him right, price him right, expand exposures, portfolio 
monitoring, early warning, it's a dramatic shift, let me tell you. 
 
And the company has been driving that since November. And that's how, as I mentioned, we 
have 22% of India's consents at this point in time on a daily or a month-on-month basis. This 
data is published on the Sahamati website. So clearly, we are very excited. It dramatically opens 
up, clearly, new growth path for us as a company or for any company that intends to use it 
because -- so that's one. 
 
Two, ONDC, while it has no commercial outcomes but clearly would dramatically improve 
engagement rates for our 52 million customer franchise, we're adding 3 million to 4 million 
customers net installs a quarter. It's -- I mean, Jan '23, 1,000 orders a month were happening. 82 
million -- sorry, 8.2 million orders happened in January '24. A year later from 1,000, something 
went to 8.2 million. That's the kind of growth rate that ONDC is principally experiencing, 
clearly, customers are ready for it. So that would improve dramatically the engagement rate, our 
opportunity to engage with the customer. So that's the second part. 
 
Social commerce, clearly, as I've said, people are spending more and more time on videos and 
photos rather than content. Our app infrastructure, web infrastructure are more organized to 
content. Social commerce clearly is nascent, but the way we are engaging on a day-to-day basis 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
are more and more social. So that's going live, it will have reel infrastructure and so on and so 
forth by June, July. 
 
Rewards is an open architecture customer acquisition engine that is built on back of a PPI 
platform with a host of benefits. It's a paid program that if a customer wishes to buy, should help 
us acquire more new-to-Bajaj customers and engage them over time to take all financial services 
products.  So these are big bets, Kuntal, that we are making from a medium-term standpoint, 
some short term, some medium term and should -- could dramatically alter the way the business 
looks in the medium term. 
Kuntal Shah: 
Are you throwing in the expense management and all the related tools for rewards for enterprises 
or it just... 
Rajeev Jain: 
So expense management as we -- it is there even today in the asset, but we don't find too many 
-- the utilization rates to be very high. So what happens Kuntal, if you get all the bank statements, 
then expense manager using account aggregator is relevant. Our intent is to underwrite and lend 
to a client, making him give five bank statements is -- in my mind, personal assessment, 
practically not feasible because at store or wherever the client is, one main bank account mostly 
tells the story. So if you want to deliver a full-fledged expense manager, then you need to get all 
his bank accounts, which is not practically feasible as... 
Kuntal Shah: 
Just my last question. We had a 2% degrowth in EMI franchisee because of the embargo. What 
is the time frame you are expecting for RBI to revert? And when would you think able to fire 
that engine? 
Rajeev Jain: 
I cannot comment, Kuntal. As I've said, we have completed the compliance, and we are awaiting 
next steps from RBI. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Kotak Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Congratulations to the team on the quarter. Just two questions. One is the FY '25 guidance that 
we have given on various metrics. I mean, does that factor in the relaxation from the RBI on 
eCOM and Insta EMI Card? Or you are assuming that it will -- I mean, the guidance is assuming 
that the situation that we are in today, that kind of continues? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. sometime in the near future, we assume. 
Umang Shah: 
The relaxation will be lifted, right? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. 
Umang Shah: 
Okay. And the second question is mainly pertaining to the listing of the housing finance entity 
and two parts to it. One, the shift that we're seeing between secured and unsecured at this point 
of time, is it just temporary given that some businesses of ours are under embargo or it is more 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
structural in nature that BFL stand-alone will start building more secured businesses on its own. 
And the second part of the question is that the long-range guidance that we have given in the 
presentation is predominantly consol. Does the listing impact that in any way? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So look, structurally, let's step back for a moment, our market share across lines of businesses 
remain very low. We have come a long way in 17 years. But when you look at our market share 
across lines of businesses in personal loan, our market share is 7%, okay? It's been a -- it was at 
7% in '19, '20, which is pre-COVID, since then all the action happened, even today, it's at 7%. 
7% of all disbursals in India, plus-minus. This is bureau data, is our market share. 
 
So structurally, we are not talking a structural movement. We're just saying that at a design level, 
there are opportunities in lines of businesses given the growing franchise like auto loans, like 
LAP because BHFL by design has to principally focus on home loan because 60% of the 
business has to be home loan. And 15% has to be developer finance. That is 75%. They have 
built a phenomenal business of CRE that's 10%, 12%. So that leaves only 7%, 8%. So there's 
very little scope for them to do LAPs. So that's how LAP came in. So we're looking at 
opportunity rather than changing the mix at a structural level of the business Umang, it's 
important. I clarify that. 
 
Of course, you have to take into account external environment, you have to take into account 
various optics to ensure you play year at a time, but no change in structural guidance for us as a 
company. 
Umang Shah: 
Okay. And the long-range guidance on a consol entity basis, that also kind of... 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. So okay. It's a good question. I'm sorry to not have responded. Clearly, some point in time 
based on the committee's decision. But anyway, the committee's decision is contingent between 
now and September '25. By September '25, we have to list the firm based on the upper-layer 
guidance. We are encouraging both that both companies should principally look -- be more 
Atmanirbhar, look at their rightful mix. BHFL should focus on ROE and BFL should focus on 
the balance between secured and unsecured. 
 
So from a directional standpoint, as BHFL gets listed, the consol conversation is as important as 
stand-alone conversation for each one of the entities from a long-term standpoint and which is 
what we are driving them for. So in a way, one of the -- to the point that you're making, that's 
why also launching some of the lines of businesses in BFL to make sure that when we start to 
look at them independently versus consolidated they should be a lot more self-sufficient in terms 
of all metrics, which are relevant for the business. 
Umang Shah: 
And sorry, just one last follow-up. So does that mean that at some point in future post listing, 
can Bajaj Finance and Bajaj Housing Finance compete in the same product line? 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. We would never do home loans. BFL would never do home loans. If it ever did, it may do 
it on an assignment basis for BHFL. LAP, both will do. Market is very large. BFL is very large 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
in MSME as a business line, it's a core need or a product requirement of MSMEs as we grow 
our relationship with those clients, LAP is a needed product and I articulated earlier to you. So 
we may end up competing on and off on a client basis, but not on a structural basis. BFL would 
never do CRE, BFL would never do developer finance. It's not its business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA India. Please go 
ahead. 
Piran Engineer: 
Just a couple of questions. One, a follow-up on Umang's question, and you mentioned 
Atmanirbhar. Just wanted to understand, once the two entities are actually Atmanirbhar how will 
the customer data sharing work in the sense that one of our propositions was you acquire and 
cross-sell... 
Rajeev Jain: 
Even today, it's on complete arms length basis. Even today, it's on -- complete arms length basis. 
We originate on their behalf; we would get paid a fee for it because we are mining our franchise. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. And is it fair to say bulk of their customers are your customers? Or do we have a large 
share of independent... 
Rajeev Jain: 
35%-odd... 
Atul Jain: 
The answer is, so end of the day, eventually 35% of our customers turn out be BFL customers, 
but some of them on account of just BFL customer franchise being that large, not account of 
being originated from the leads, which come through BFL franchise. But yes, end of the day 
35% of the customer base would be common between BFL-BHFL or BHFL customer being a 
BFL customer as well. 
Piran Engineer: 
Got it. So you're independently sourcing 65% of your customers? 
Atul Jain: 
So our digital mobilization on BHFL website and BHFL assets is completely independent or 
through the web SEO activities, what we do on our own, where we get the customer. Along with 
that, BFL does mobilization of its customer base through digital channels and its app and web 
platforms, any customer which consents to take a loan, which is a mortgage loan, which is being 
serviced by Bajaj Housing Finance, the consented lead comes to BHFL and the revenue sharing 
happens on that, a lead conversion happens in the BHFL side, but there is a -- on the lead sharing 
basis arms-length basis, the revenue sharing happens, yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
Understood. Okay. Fair enough. Secondly, I just wanted a few clarifications. Firstly, when I 
calculate your ROA, just a simple calculated number is around 4.5%, for the full year you all 
have reported 5% or 5.1%. So do you all calculate it on a denominator of loans or something 
like that? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes, we calculate it on loans only. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Always. 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sandeep Jain: 
Unlike bank where investment constitute a significant portion of the balance sheet as part of the 
deposit gathering process, for us, the interest-earning asset is only lending that we do. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Okay. So simply put your expecting a 30, 40 bps decline in return on loans next year? 
Sandeep Jain: 
That's correct. On a portfolio basis, the answer is yes. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair enough. And just secondly, I know this has been discussed before, but... 
Rajeev Jain: 
On a year-on-year basis, Piran. 
Piran Engineer: 
Yes, year-on-year, yes. And why exactly are credit costs going to be elevated in FY '25 also 
given that we've curtailed our disbursements in rural so much, even in urban to an extent, just 
wanted to get a sense of that. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Sorry. Piran, sorry. Could you just repeat your question? I lost you in between. 
Piran Engineer: 
Why are our credit costs going to be 1.8%, 1.85% next year also, given the initiatives that we've 
taken this year in terms of curtailment and improving our underwriting? 
Rajeev Jain: 
So it's a fair question. Some of the portfolios have seen, continue to see ever low. I'll give an 
example that the 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler business has just started to come in terms of pre-
COVID normalization only since December. 
 
So clearly, we expect rural B2C will normalize, but we are seeing that there are still -- actually, 
that's the only portfolio left, which is yet to come back to pre-COVID levels. So that's really 
what we are taking into account as we assess how FY '25 would look like. So that's the only 
residual portfolio that principally as yet is not back to pre-COVID levels. 
Piran Engineer: 
Understood. And just lastly, we had increased our lending yields by 25, 30 bps last quarter in 
fourth quarter. But yet we are talking about a 30, 40 bps margin compression. So the cost of 
funds impact is so severe, is it? And can we not increase yields more? 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. No, no, we had increased, but the net flow-through that we're seeing based on intense 
competitive activity is only 12, 14 basis points. I mean, clearly as I said earlier, in terms of home 
loan rates, home loan rates are still at 8.4%, 8.5%. I mean a little -- I mean, as Atul is saying, it's 
8.5% to 8.6%, but our borrowing rate is at 8.3%. 
 
So clearly, the intensity of competition continues to be really strong. So net flow-through has 
been 12, 13, 14 basis points, depending on the month that you're talking about. And cost of funds 
have inched up by 10 basis points in the quarter that went by. 
Sandeep Jain: 
For the sake of repetition, let me repeat what Rajeev commented at the beginning of the call. I 
think one, we see some movement in cost of fund, and we forecast a peaking probably by August. 
At the same time, there is a pivot towards secured asset mix in the balance sheet that also will 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
have some impact on NIM. I think these are the two important points that I thought I should 
reiterate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhaval from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhaval: 
Just had a couple of questions. First is on just trying to reconcile the expectation for next year 
from an earnings perspective. So we roughly expect about 7%, 8% kind of ROA decline from 
5.1% going to, let's say, midpoint of the guidance about 4.7% that's translate about 7%, 8% kind 
of decline on profitability. 
 
At the same time, if you think about asset growth, that's going to be about 26% to 28% based on 
our expectation. If you take the midpoint, net-net, we are looking at 20% profit growth for next 
year versus our medium-term aspiration of 23% to 24%. So the question is, should we expect 
some bit of catch-up into FY '26 based on your rate expectation and your expectation of RBI 
embargo being lifted, will there be some normalization of profitability in FY '26 to get back to 
our medium-term expectation of 23% to 24%. So that's the first question? 
Sandeep Jain: 
Yes. So Dhaval, I think your assessment is correct to a large extent. 26% to 28% is where we 
see the growth in the next year to be. That's one point. Second, as Rajeev articulated, 30 to 40 
basis point movement in NIM could happen in the next year. We expect the loan losses to be 
range bound. It does give you an indication about where the profitability could be. So I'm not 
commenting on a specific number, but probably -- that's probably an indication that you are 
highlighting. 
 
Going to FY '26, as Rajeev was highlighting that in the last four years, we had two years of low 
and two years of high. It is against the high year that we're comparing Y-o-Y growth. As we get 
into FY '26, assuming the macro continues to remain healthy, regulatory environments remain 
conducive. I think your point, again, remains valid. We should go back to our medium-term 
guidance of 23%, 24% kind of profit growth. 
Rajeev Jain: 
Can you hear us? Hello? 
Moderator: 
Sir, the line for the participant dropped. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh 
from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
A few questions. The first one, the way you were highlighting the challenge in the rural B2C. 
And if you look at some of your new segments, maybe gold, of course, you separated, MFI and 
up to certain use making, they are kind of a bit -- or a similar in nature to the rural B2C. In this 
backdrop, on one hand, you are going slow on rural B2C. So how do you see these segments to 
sort of come over the next couple of years? So that's question one. 
 
And second would be more into -- do with BHFL. Of course, coming from a smaller base, you 
are ramping up very fast also on the LRD and developer finance. Now developer finance is a bit, 
I think, reasonably cyclical business and the cycle turns quite fast. Right now, of course, I mean, 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
real estate cycle looks quite good. So what sort of -- any sort of growth plan you have, 
particularly for this developer financing side and as well as what kind of early-warning system 
you would have in place to... 
Rajeev Jain: 
Those are two different questions, and Sandeep can answer the first one. In terms of the mix. 
Look, structurally, and I want to reiterate that the mix will shift gradually, number one. Two, 
our market share across lines of businesses remain small. This tremendous opportunity at every 
line of business we have grown even the consumer durable business, our market share has grown 
on a year-on-year basis. I mean, where we are in high wherein -- I mean, if I take the bureau 
data, we have a 51%, 52% market share of consumer durable loans being booked. We've gained 
share. 
 
So as I said, personal loan, we are only 7%. Rural B2C is a transient conversation. We are waiting 
for GFRs or gross flow rates, which are early indicators of the health of the business to go back 
to pre-COVID levels. As it goes back, we'll be back to growth because the franchise on a year-
on-year basis, if rural B2B is growing by 34%, the least that should happen is rural B2C should 
grow 34% on a very simplistic basis, whereas rural B2C grew only 6%. 
 
So there is a significant amount of dry powder that is available with us for us to be able to 
accelerate. But we don't want -- we never accelerate a business if we are not in control of the 
risk metrics. 
 
We are seeing GFR rates go down. Over the last two quarters, I think it will be one more quarter. 
And by second quarter as it goes back to pre-COVID levels, we should be back to growth. So 
that's the first part of the conversation. I want to make sure there is no confusion that are we 
changing direction in terms of our mix. We are changing direction in terms of mix, but in a very 
gradual manner. I want to reinforce and reiterate that point. 
 
Point number two, I'll let Atul respond to the developer finance. I'll make only one point that it's 
a business that we've ran for the last seven, eight years with an eye on risk rather than eye on 
profit. Rest I'll let Atul respond. 
Atul Jain: 
So if you look at the developer finance book while it is looking like in AUM growth, it is grown 
exceptionally well in the last one year. But at the absolute size of the balance sheet still remains 
sub-INR9,000 crores, which is a very minuscule portion of the -- again, the market size, what it 
is there because we had been building a granular book over the year, when you look at an average 
ticket size and an average outstanding because this book represents close to 440 relationship and 
close to active 600 projects. So it's very granular in nature. 
 
It is being done for two parts. One, of course, as a return enhancer for a mortgage business 
because as we -- as you are all aware, we're in the prime home loan market where we -- as BHFL, 
we are more operative, the margins are razor-thin because of intense competitive activity. 
Developer finance is required in a calibrated manner to deliver a return enhancement and also 

   
Bajaj Finance Limited 
 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
to ensure that we build our home loan presence at the developer counter because that is a core 
home loan business. So it is not only a return enhancer, but it is core to the company's strategy. 
 
In the medium term, we had guided that the business will remain in range bound, not exceeding 
12% to 15% of the balance sheet mix. And as we go forward, that is how we like to look at the 
business. We continue to grow in a granular manner, continue to use it as a bit of a return 
enhancer and also more important as a strategic block to get us heft in the home loan business. 
Avinash Singh: 
And in the LRD, I mean, how we see competitive environment? I mean, because LRD, even 
banks are reasonably... 
Atul Jain: 
LRD, we have -- I'll say that that's one business we have done exceptionally well besides 
developer finance. We've built a name, in terms of our size is quite relevant. We compete with 
the banks. We compete with the banks for the marquee customers. Our customers are the real 
marquee along with all sponsorship, funds and the REITs, which we cater to. We are intensely 
competitive in that segment. That is because the opex ratios are very small there. The returns are 
in line with what -- mortgage return happen. 
 
And we will continue to be aggressive in LRD space to deliver the third part of the mix from a 
home loan plus developer finance, which is our regulated business because it is -- as a housing 
finance company, we have to maintain a 60% home loan asset base. The remaining part will be 
focused much more on LRD to have the 100% mix. 
Sandeep Jain: 
Just to add one more point on the B2C piece, I think just to reiterate what we've always 
communicated. I think we run a diversified financial services business, and the power of the 
diversified model is that it allows you to take rightful call when you see a particular business not 
doing well to your expectations. 
 
In that context, we believe at this point in time, we are better off keeping our rural B2C at a little 
bit of a slower pace. Once we see portfolio mix to start -- portfolio quality to start to show 
improvement, we're more than happy to bring that growth in the business. I think that's just the 
point of -- reiteration that I want to make. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now 
hand the conference over to Anuj Singla for closing comments. 
Anuj Singla: 
Rajeev sir, any closing comments before we conclude? 
Rajeev Jain: 
No. Thank you all. Thank you all. We look forward to your continued support in FY '25 as we 
play along and build the business for the long term. Thank you. Thank you so much. Good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
