 
 
DC Infotech and Communication Limited 
 
             Registered Offi: Unit No.2, Aristocrate, Lajya Compound, Mogra Road, Andheri (East),Mumbai - 400069, Maharashtra, India 
Telephone No. 022 28329000(Hunting), Email: info@dcinfotech.com website : www.dcinfotech.com 
CIN :U74999MH2019PLC319622 
 
 
Date: 07th June, 2024 
 
To, 
 
To, 
Compliance Department. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
To, 
Compliance Department. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai  –  400 001. 
 
 
 
Symbol: DCI  
ISIN :  INE0A1101019 
Subject: Link and transcript for Audio Recording of Earnings Conference Call of DC Infotech 
& Communications Limited – Q4 & FY24 Financial Results   
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find below link and transcript for audio recording of 
Earnings Conference Call of DC Infotech & Communications Limited held on 05th June 2024 at 11:30 
am to discuss the Company’s business and financial performance for Q4 & FY24. 
 
Link  https://www.mediafire.com/file/ff46xrifatllx8s/DCinfotechCommunication-05062024.mp3/file 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you  
For DC Infotech & Communication Limited 
 
 
 
 
____________________  
 
 
 
Mr. Chetankumar Timbadia 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
 
DIN No: 06731478 
CHETANKUMAR 
HASMUKHLAL 
TIMBADIA
Digitally signed by CHETANKUMAR HASMUKHLAL 
TIMBADIA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=aGa2xq82poKnVEvInhSF2zbFhRuIKKR3, 
2.5.4.20=a48aa829449c2fc176ba693f4ec8ed1302fc1784
8f16d7cc4792267ac4b65785, postalCode=400057, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=58b00f9601167d03e912530e1ae65c80fc
47528b6483e342960b0f14bf3dee8a, 
cn=CHETANKUMAR HASMUKHLAL TIMBADIA 
Date: 2024.06.07 18:07:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
DC Infotech & Communication Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
June 05, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to DC Infotech & Communications Limited Q4 
and FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. The statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Today, from the management side, we have with us Mr. Chetankumar Timbadia – Managing 
Director, Mr. Devendra Sayani – Whole-Time Director and Mr. Piyush Shah – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chetankumar Timbadia – Managing 
Director from DC Infotech & Communications Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. I would like to wish you all a very warm 
welcome to DC Infotech & Communication Limited earnings conference call for the fourth 
quarter and the full year ended 31st March 2024. 
I would start by thanking everyone for being here today and joining us on this call today. With 
me today is on call, Mr. Devendra Sayani, Whole-Time Director and Mr. Piyush Shah- CFO and 
Ad Factors – our Investor Relation team. 
Speaking about the company's business, it was established in 1998. DC Infotech has been 
specializing and providing innovative networking, unified communication and data security 
products and solutions by utilizing the latest technology. Over the years, we have been able to 
establish ourselves as the leading company and solutions, sales and support of networking UC 
and security products and services. Our core competency are in understanding existing 
network and future needs. We excel at first understanding the need and then design and 
deploy an effective functional network. Also adding to that, we have an exhaustive range of 
POC appliances and solution for different industry vertical and have done security 
implementations with major installations pan India. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
I'm excited to share some update about our company and our achievements over the past year 
before we dive into the details of our business and financial performances. We are proud to 
announce for the second time in a row, DC Infotech has been featured among the top 500 
fastest growing company in Asia Pacific region for the year 2024 as recognized by Financial 
Times. This esteemed ranking underscores the Financial Times recently released in its 6th 
edition of FT High-Growth Companies Asia Pacific 2024 Special Report, highlighting the 
companies that have demonstrated exceptional growth and resilience amidst challenging 
economic conditions between 2019 and 2023. We are honored to be recognized among this 
esteem companies for our remarkable achievements during this period; DC Infotech & 
Communication Limited exceptional growth trajectory, commitment to excellence, innovation 
and sustainable growth in this dynamic technology field, which solidifies its position as a 
powerhouse of networking and security solutions sector. We have received the highest value 
contribution awards from Samsung for its exceptional work in digital signage. This award was 
presented at Samsung’s Award Gala and recognized DC Infotech’s dedication and outstanding 
contribution to digital signage field. The award highlights the company's innovative solution 
and its ability to deliver high quality services which significantly contributes to digital signage 
industry. At MSME Startup Expo 2023 organized by Confederation of Indian Traders CAIT, DC 
Info was honored with Udhyam Ratna Award 2023. This award is given to companies who 
demonstrate outstanding services and achievements in field of Trade and Industry. This Startup 
Expo serves as a platform for SME startup service providers to network and showcase their 
product and services, and receiving this award as such a prestigious event underscores DC 
Infotech’s impact and leadership in the industry. This achievement reflects our commitment to 
excellence and innovation in providing top notch solutions in the IT sector. We are grateful for 
the recognition we have received and new opportunities to serve our clients with the best 
technology and services. 
Moving forward, our focus will remain on securing more such segments and expanding our 
presence in those areas with a view to deliver sustained value to all the stakeholders. Going 
forward, we want to simplify our segmental revenue reporting as our business primarily is 
divided into 3 categories; networking, unified communication and enterprise security business. 
Now turning to our financial performance, fourth quarter Q4 FY24. We have reported Rs. 
154.59 crores of revenue during Q4 of FY24, a 60.74% Y-on-Y rise, growth is mainly driven by 
large orders executed in the enterprise segment as well as the UC segment. Our EBITDA for the 
fourth quarter stands at Rs. 6.74 crores, increasing 78.16% Y-on-Y driven by change in mix of 
products and brands. EBITDA margins stood at 4.36%, an improvement of 43 bps compared to 
the previous year. Our net profit for the quarter is at Rs. 4.21 crores as compared to Rs. 2.15 
crore in the last quarter of FY23. Net profit margin stood at 2.733%, up by 50 bps. EPS for this 
quarter is Rs. 3.29. Now for the full year, we have reported Rs. 459.63 crores revenue in FY24, 
a 27.81% year-on-year rise due to strong demand in our products like Samsung, NETSCOUT, 
Netgear, D-Link, Arbor and other software and services. EBITDA for the full year is Rs. 20.04 

 
Page 3 of 14 
crores, an increase of 57.53% Y-on-Y. Our net profits during the full year is Rs. 11.61 crore 
against profit of Rs. 7.08 crore in FY23. Net profit for the margin stood at 2.53%. EPS for this 
period is Rs. 9.51. This is all from my side. Now we can take questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a 
question from the line of Arka Bhattacharya, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
I'm pretty happy with the numbers that you have come across. I would like to know regarding 
the margins that we are having, could you see an increase in margins going forward, that is 
question one. And second question is regarding the equity dilution. Going forward one more 
time, are you guys planning to reduce the stake from promoter side? These are the two 
questions that I have for you. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Mr. Bhattacharya, your line was not very audible, but if I am getting your question you are 
asking about the margins which have increased, right? 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
Yes, sir. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So the increase in margins has been our endeavor from the day one and we continue to focus 
in that direction. And in that line, we are aligning our products with more of services to be 
bundled in and the product mix which we are carrying as we are trying to get it to an optimal 
level also, we increase our margins and also with the scale we plan to bring the efficiency also 
into our operations, which has also contributed to the growth in the margins and we continue 
to plan to doing that. I think that answers the first part of your question. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
Yes, sir. That answers the second part of the question. The first part was regarding the 
preferential that you have diluted some of the stake, are you guys going to do that going 
forward any further time where your promoters will be diluting the stake? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So promoters are not in the mode of diluting the stake. We have done a preferential thing, but 
parallelly, there has been warrants which are convertible, which has been issued which will be 
up on conversion of warrants will be again back to what we were, so there is no idea terms of 
promoters to dilute the stake. As strategically, we are doing some preferential issue, but 
parallelly promoters are equally committed to the company and its organization and we will 
continue to keep our stake as of now to the same level. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
And last like to add one final question to this, what your guidance would be for the next at least 
2 to 3 years? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
For three years guidance, you are asking me? 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
Yeah, 2 to 3 years… 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Our vision endeavor will be continuing this trajectory of growth 15% to 20% Y-on-Y that should 
be our endeavor and the guidance for the next 2 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan Athavale from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ketan Athavale: 
So I wanted to know how will be our margins going ahead, how much improvement can we 
expect over the next 1 to 2 years and what will be the sources? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
And as far as the margins is concerned, if I follow up to the answer which I gave, Mr. 
Bhattacharya, as the scale increases and we continue to bring efficiency into our operations 
and thirdly, the product mix of adding services to the products which we are getting and more 
and more solutions offering as we grow, we see that the margins improving to a better level 
than this and hopefully this trajectory of growth in margin should be continuing the years to 
come. 
Ketan Athavale: 
So can you give guidance on margins like exact number or a range? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Range we should be hovering around 3 plus percent in year or two to come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Gulati, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Gulati: 
This is the first time I'm dialing in for the company, if you don't mind, can you just give a quick 
overview in 3-4 minutes on the products and services? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Ankurji if I may give you an overview, DC Infotech & Communication Limited, we are mainly 
into networking as a field overall as a domain, 3 domains which are businesses are divided into. 
One is the traditional networking which we have been doing over 2 decades, networking 
consisted of for on-prem to cloud solution, wired to wired solution, complete range of products 
and solutions are on the offering. The second domain which we work is in unified 
communication where it is digital signage controllers and AV solutions where voice and video 
is concerned. So that is the second where the convergence of data and audio video comes. That 
is the second domain which we work in and the third domain which we work is into the 
enterprise security. When we call enterprise security, we do data security, not the video or 
CCTV type of security. We are purely a data player where we do cyber security, data security, 
cloud security, internal network data security and other offerings of this. So if I may say, my 
business is divided into three major domains which have nuances further down into each 
category, but this is the thing. We have started our journey with networking. So networking 
still remains a huge chunk of our business, which is approximately 45%-50% of our business, 
the unified communication patch also contributes around 25%-30% of our business and the 

 
Page 5 of 14 
enterprise security business, which is the latest addition and as the time goes, it has a more 
and more demand has risen to approximately 25% of our kitty. Am I able to answer you or? 
Ankur Gulati: 
So yeah, that's helpful. Really appreciate that. Just a quick question, the margin profile is let’s 
say is up 5%. So is this more because of they're buying products from third parties and then 
just installing them? And as you move slightly more towards services, is the margin is expected 
to improve over the next 2-3 years? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Yes, sir. See, products are not developed by us. We are more of integrator and solution. We 
are not a manufacturer. So we have aligned ourselves with certain technologies and we have 
aligned ourselves with certain OEM with the niche technology which they carry. Margins are 
surely say as earlier our journey started with only trading of products but in last couple of years 
we have moved from trading of products to our value-added distribution now to more of a 
solution and the service oriented approach. Surely as more and more services factor kicks in 
and we get equipped with more and more solutions, margins are on the way up. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Is there some sort of an exclusivity we have with these OEMs where only we can work for them 
or is it there's no exclusivity with these OEMs when it comes to implementing? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Out of the whole bag which we carry, couple of brands we have exclusivities; couple of brands, 
we have limited exclusivity; and a couple of brands, there is a regional exclusivity. There are 
some certain products or solutions, there are some certain skills or certain technology, we have 
an exclusivity and other products and services, there may not be exclusivity, but the kind of 
knowledge base, manpower which we are developing, we stand a very favorable position with 
the OEM to be our preferred partner in terms of the offering whenever they go to the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Vardhan from KPIT Tech. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal Vardhan: 
So my question was like, what is the role of DC Infotech products into data centers like can you 
give a short brief on the services and the product and the value-added service and product that 
you give to data center? And the second question will be on the cash flow side, like can you 
comment a bit on the cash flow side and further improvement in it? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So Vishal, thanks, I will take the first portion of the question and the 2nd portion of the 
question, I would like our CFO Piyush bhai to able to answer that more clearly. The first portion 
of the question is for the data center. We have great offerings for the data center as such. For 
data center, basically, if you are aware or as a layman, data center consists of two technology, 
hardware and software. In hardware, there is one compute side which is lot of servers and 
storage, bare metal A, C, and etc. We are not into that space. We are into data center is the 
basic, the networking, the connectivity, the racks, the switches, the cabling portion of it, the 
routers, the wired that is the portion we service in the data center. So that completely comes 

 
Page 6 of 14 
out of our networking patch what we do. We have offerings of networking switches, cabling, 
fiber, routers. That is one patch which we offering to data center and the 2nd and the most 
important thing, every data center now has a connectivity backhaul to a cloud or internet 
exposure where the lines come in and as we see data center means data. So there is lot of data 
which is being stored, accessed. So in our enterprise patch, we have solutions for seeing that 
the data is stored safely and can be retrieved anytime any moment in a safe and secured way 
to right persons and control it from any external threats of corruption or any ransomware or 
attacks of any type. So for data center, we have two solutions, one is the hardware in terms of 
networking and two, the security stack which is needed in a data center to protect its data from 
all the other sources. So that's the offering which we have for data center, a strong story for 
data center in terms of DDoS attack, ransomware attack, accessibility attack. We have a couple 
of offerings which service to this kind of threats available in the market. Am I able to answer 
you this? So then I will hand it over to Piyush bhai to give your guidance on the cash flow 
question. 
Vishal Vardhan: 
Sir, one more thing like can you give me guidance on the growth that you are expecting 
particularly from data center segment in next three years? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
See, Vishal, data center is the currently booming thing which is needed. With data center, lot 
of cloud also has come in with Microsoft and Amazons and the Googles playing a lot of cloud 
into play; one side, the Adanis and the Reliances or Hiranandanis are on the spree of putting 
the data center, so it's an hybrid of data center and cloud which is going to play out and current 
tussle is going on there. As the technology evolves, let's see how it plays out, but growth in this 
patch either way, if it goes this way or that way, we are there in both for the patch, so we 
should be benefiting from either way the technology takes a curve and this patch inside our is 
as we started our journey into this enterprise security late 2018-19 sort of, and has been. Now 
it comes to around 25% of our business and going forward, we see that pie increasing overall 
in patch because it is one of the fastest growing patch in our business. So yes, overall this patch 
is going to grow and hopefully it will be one of the predominant patch which will be in our kitty. 
Piyush bhai, can you help him with the cash flow question which he had? 
Piyush Shah: 
Yeah. Thank you, Chetan bhai. Regarding the cash flow, there will be an improvement in the 
cash flow because of conversion of warrants by the promoters as well as an improvement in 
the margins. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Jain: 
So if we see our working capital has increased, our working capital cycle, could you like throw 
some light on this please? 

 
Page 7 of 14 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Ashokji, you're seeing the increase in working capital cycle, that's true. It comes on as you are 
comparing it with the previous set of numbers as we have come out of COVID and the post of 
2021-22 COVID with the cycles, there was an era of shortage and era of cash and carry mode. 
So the working cycles were very shorter and deferred the payment cycles were there and now 
we are back to normal. So the corporates, the customer everywhere now the normal default 
credit period has kicked in. So that has elongated our working cycle. And secondly, the most 
important factor out of this is earlier we used to have trade in maybe the deal size with small 
ticket size. As we are growing the kind of solution and kind of offering, kind of projects which 
we are taking are bigger ticket size, couple of crores are there and one it is an elaborate 
solution. It is not a one-off trade or lakh rupee material which we give as solution and we take 
the money that cycle is much faster. When it is a couple of crores, lot of components, lot of 
complexity goes into that and when that complete thing is delivered, the payment cycle kicks 
in. So because of that, there is a stretch on the payment cycle because the execution of a couple 
of lakhs project will take a faster and couple of crore project will take a much longer time and 
because of that longer time, the working cycle has increased. 
Ashok Jain: 
Are we, like in the future, planning to raise any funds for our working capital? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
As in time need, we will be approaching as the business demands as I cannot crystal gaze into 
the future. But yes, if need be, as the business demands, we are open to raising more funds 
from bank or maybe via preference or whatever the board feels right, we may raise. 
Ashok Jain: 
Fair enough, sir. And sir, could you also share that which are our top three brands in terms of 
revenue and what is our dependency on them? As a percentage of our revenue basically to 
understand the dependency? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Top three brands in each patch, I would like to segregate it and you see that Samsung is the 
biggest contributor because its solutions are the offerings which we do. Out of 25%-30% of our 
business in that Patch, Samsung would be around 15% to 20% contributing out of that. So that 
answers. In the networking patch, Netgear which we are exclusive distributors for Northeast 
and West of India contributes around 50% of our patch, 45%-50% in that patch. The third 
enterprise security, NETSCOUT and Arbor are visibility solutions and DDoS security solutions is 
60% of that patch which we offer. 
Ashok Jain: 
Understood, sir. And just one last question, what is our current order book? And like how much 
has it grown like compared to previous year? And like, how do we see it going ahead? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So going to the order book question, see our order PO2 execution is a very minimal cycle. So 
there's nothing more of in other industries, they may have elongated getting the PO and 
manufacturing something and deliver takes maybe couple of months to couple of years. For 
us, that is not the case. Our PO2 delivery is within a maximum of a month or so first, but we 
have a good funnel which we have quoted in cases which we are working on. So we measure 

 
Page 8 of 14 
ourselves on the funnel because once that funnel materialized to our customer peer receiving, 
our delivery is fast, so answering order book in terms of PO and to be executed will be quite 
small compared to the funnel which we are carrying is decent. It is approximately around Rs. 
40 crores to Rs. 50 crores which we are already quoted, and the order should be coming 
through maybe in this month or the quarter next, so order book is not very relevant to our 
business. 
Ashok Jain: 
And if I could just ask one last question, how do we differentiate ourselves from our 
competition in this space that like in our entire landscape that we operate in, what is like the 
competitive edge that we could have? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
The landscape that we operated, I don't see any similar size peer which we have, so that is the 
very good advantage. We have some peers, but there are something who do similar work are 
very large like maybe our Tata communication size, size of thing or a Hitachi kind which are a 
couple of Rs. 1000 crores organization. In the patch we are which a couple of Rs. 100 crores 
patch are, there is no apple to Apple comparison which we have. So that is the one edge we 
have. In terms of market presence, with this comparatively smaller size with the elasticity and 
the flexibility which we bring to the customer in terms of offering services is something which 
a customer would like to do and good to have. And secondly, what will be our edge in that, we 
in any domain whatever we did in the product, it is always a value addition. So a simple 
networking product like a router you can buy it from which we don't deal, but for an example 
sake I'm just explaining it to you. For example, if you want to buy a router for your home or 
office, you can go to Amazon and buy one. That's the very simplest way of doing it, but the 
second what we are able to do, if a person you dial into our sales guy or our office and if you 
say router, then my guy is trained to help you and guide you to buy, he may ask you what your 
office size is? What is your requirement? How people are going to log in? What is the speed 
you are looking? What is the Internet size you are looking and then give you a final solution 
that this is something which is recommended to you and to top it up there are guys who can 
help you to install and support it. So the complete cycle from a buying guidance to support in 
terms of installation and later the support which we have a unique way in across the categories 
whatever we are servicing, all brands, all technology we have the sales team who is technically 
qualified to guide you and the support and service team to back it up. So this is something 
which is very unique as proposition to our customers. And this helps to keep edge ahead than 
the rest of the peers in any domain which we work in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Rajani from Rajani Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 
Manoj Rajani: 
So basically sir wanted to understand that during our last concall, you had mentioned that the 
goal of reaching Rs. 1000 crores in revenue within the next couple of years. So just wanted to 
understand like how close are we to achieving this target right as of now? And what are the 
primary drivers behind this growth? 

 
Page 9 of 14 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Manoj ji, glad to have you back. And you remember what I had spoken, so I would love 
somebody like you following up on this. So to answer your question, the Rs. 1000 crore mark 
still stays on the horizon. And if you say how close, we are halfway there. And I hope in next 
couple of years we should be there, we have a plan in place to see and let's see how fast we 
are able to execute it in a more profitable way. But yes, the Rs. 1000 crore plan stays on the 
horizon and we are firmly committed to reach it. The time duration may be little here and 
there, but that is on the horizon. 
Manoj Rajani: 
So by FY26 or the two quarters more, we should be able to achieve it? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
FY26 would be my dream target, but our endeavor is there. We are in that endeavor to go 
towards that direction. I would not be able to commit to you on FY26, but yeah, my heart would 
like to do that in that direction. But maybe one or two financials here and there, we will be 
there. 
Manoj Rajani: 
Certainly. And so, sir, you had emphasized that interactive panels are poised to become a 
significant growth opportunity as well particularly in the second-half of this year. So could you 
quantify the revenue potential that we see from that particular segment? And I mean, 
additionally, could you also provide some insight if we have been in any customer discussions 
or the order pipeline that it currently holds? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
This is what I had updated you in the last earnings call. Interactive panel is here and in a big 
way. We have done a couple of 100 units for one of the state government in the last financial 
year, but as you know last 6 months, government was in a shutdown mode of not investing any 
more, which hopefully yesterday everything has been recently cleared. So interactive panel 
coming in this year is going to be a very big driver from the government side because the 
education is one of the big field where our government is investing and it has to, so that we 
should be seeing good traction. As far as interactive panel on the enterprise side or the 
corporate side, the adoption is going in a very decent way, more and more organization are 
using it for their boardrooms, meeting room, huddle rooms and a lot of other methods are 
being used. So yeah, we see that contributing to a decent maybe Rs. 30 to Rs. 50 crores this 
year interactive panel into our kitty. 
Manoj Rajani: 
And what was it in the last year, FY24? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
FY24, I would say it was one decent big order, this is very offhand, but I would give you a range 
between Rs. 8 to Rs. 12 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashna Joshi, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Ashna Joshi: 
I just wanted to understand in terms of our competition that is Creative and Reddington. So 
how do we differentiate ourselves from our competitors and that's something that I wanted to 
understand? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So from our competitors, you mentioned Creative Newtech and Reddington India Limited. So, 
ma'am, we are not, if you see, maybe size wise we are nearly there or little smaller than 
Creative and Reddington, we are a very small compared to them. Creative, we are not into that 
same domain ma'am. Creative is more into product selling, it is more of an offline version of an 
Amazon which is doing with the couple of technologies and brands which they are carrying. 
They do the distribution across the nation. Their strength is distribution while our strength not 
lies in distribution, our strength lies in solutions and services and the products we carry. They 
don't do that. So that's the differentiator. They are good at moving the material to the various 
location, reaching out to the last single user customer. We are more of a corporate or a B2B 
type of business. So that's the differentiator with Creative and Reddington again is a mega 
version of Creative. Reddington lies in strength of its network across the nation, across the 
globe. With the financial strength and the muscle they have, they do lot of mobility in terms of 
Apple and Samsung, which out of that 40,000-50,000 must be contributing 20,000-30,000 of 
that turnover and lot of other IT brands also. So large brands who want to just reach out to the 
books and corner of this nation would use that Reddington route with the type of network and 
the financial strength are there. So we are not in direct competition or a peer sort of that, but 
yes, you would see that if you are able to see what Reddington has been doing or trying to 
achieve in last couple of years, they were trying to build some solution and services factor to 
what they are doing and trying to add because this is the way forward which they have also 
realized and we are rightly in that patch, we are already there doing that in that patch. Size 
wise not comparable, but yes what we are doing Reddington is trying to do it. Will they be able 
to do it with their size, it's a big question ma’am because an elephant takes time to turn and 
maybe but we are not happy as I would not like to, in terms of technology size wise, yes, maybe 
you can have a look at it. 
Ashna Joshi: 
So in terms of technology, who do we consider as our like-to-like player? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Ma'am, much nothing much in the listed space which we have since as you must have heard 
already, I had explained it to earlier gentleman. We are working into three domains, so there 
is no apple-to-apple company which is available exactly in these domains. There are non-listed 
private limited players who have either one or two domain in their kitty and we compete with 
them, but nothing in the listed space ma’am. 
Ashna Joshi: 
Sir, just wanted to understand our revenue mix in terms of our customers. So who will be like 
our top five contributing customers and what kind of revenue do they contribute? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Top five customers if I go by the last year since in the security patch, we do lot of high-end 
solutions and this high-end solutions go to large organizations, I would call it Nifty 50 type of 

 
Page 11 of 14 
organizations, the banks, the financial institution. Since we have borne out of this and that is 
our strength, the NSEs, the BSEs and this kind of patch is only they have their consultancy in 
place like a Deloitte or KPMG or TCL or NTT or a Hitachi type of. So what happens is the 
complete solution or the take away is given to one of them and the security patches then 
carved out and handed over to us because only they don't have that expertise to execute it and 
deliver it. Then we come into play and out of the whole project that offloaded portion of 
security is being done, supplied, installed and serviced back-end firm that whole patch which 
this kind of working apples are minimal like infra, road, etc., everything. So here if you see my 
top five customer, that TCL was one of our biggest customer, Tata Communication Limited was 
one of the biggest customer in the last previous year. Hitachi was one of our biggest customer 
in last previous year in the security patch. And in the product patch or the networking patch 
which we do, there, we have one of the partners out of Delhi who does a good business for us. 
And for the UC patch, we have done some decent size orders last year, which were mainly for 
museums across the nation, and Sansad Bhavan and so with the partner who has picked up for 
new Sansad Bhavan and the museum, we have done quite a bit work for them, so if you have 
the privilege to visit Sansad Bhavan, you see a lot of LEDs around there and that work has been 
done by us. 
Ashna Joshi: 
So what kind of revenues would they be contributing? Will you be able to bifurcate that like 
how much percentage of the revenue does it contribute these top customers? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
I will not be able to give you top five, but our top 15 of them will be contributing around 40%-
50% of our business. 
Ashna Joshi: 
Top 15, you said? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Yeah, top 15. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshal Patel, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshal Patel: 
I have a few questions. So do we have a plan to raise the funds for our working capital? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Harshal, I think I had answered it earlier. For your reference, yes, as of now we have funded 
but going forward as business demand needs, we are open to raise more as our business needs 
because we are committed to the kind of growth which we have already given as the guidance. 
And obviously, without funds, nothing would happen. So we as a board as are open whenever 
the need arises, we will raise to fuel the growth. 
Harshal Patel: 
And what percentage of our revenue and margins are derived from the hardware and the 
software segment from FY24? 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
FY24, hardware is 80%, 20% comes from the software services. 
Harshal Patel: 
And could you provide a current breakdown of our revenue for our business segment? What 
are the margins for this segment? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So business segment, we are working to three domains; Networking, UC and Enterprise 
Security. The networking patches are approximately 45% of our business. The UC business 
comes around 25%-30% and 25% comes from the enterprise security patch. The margins in the 
networking patch, what we call it, is around hovering around 5% to 7%. In the UC patch, it is 
approximately 7% to 8% or 9% and in the security patch, it is double digit. 
Harshal Patel: 
And what is our important key drivers for revenue and EBITDA margins? Are we planning to 
work on the new areas of development in our businesses? So do we have any update on 
expanding our businesses in overseas market as you had mentioned potential plans for the 
expanding outside India, so can you share more details on any progress made in international 
markets and how this aligns with the company overall growth strategy? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
The expansion plan is very much on the board. This year, we have just moved to the southern 
India, which we are not present. So we just set up our operations in Southern India, the team 
is in place. So this year will be the focus in Southern India. Overseas market, we are studying it 
and once the time is right, you should be hearing from us on that also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arka Bhattacharya, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
Sorry for the follow-up question, which has already been answered and I just would like to 
know what the breakup in terms of software and hardware is? In your last concall you have 
given the breakup. What is the breakup for the software and hardware in FY24? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
This is the same thing which I told, 80% is products and 20% is software. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
And another one question will be sir, the number of employees, how many employees are 
working for you? Is everyone into sales or do you have people in development as well? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
We are approximately 70 plus team and it is mixture of everything. It is not only sales, sales 
support guys, the engineer, the technician and obviously the finance and the admin team. They 
all put together, we are 70 plus. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
Ok. In the last con call also you had mentioned that you have very specially skilled set of people 
and the orders that you are getting, I wanted to know the kind of skilled people that you have 
in your development team as well? Do you have any developers who are working on this? 

 
Page 13 of 14 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So we don't do in-house development, we deploy solutions and products, there is no actual 
software development for other. We are installers and service providers for that. If I give an 
example, SAP. SAP, we don't do SAP but as an example I'm just SAP is a software, but there are 
installers and partners who will customize the SAP for you and install and support you. 
Similarly, we have some technologies which is a modular security products. According to the 
customer requirement, we will suggest you that modules which will require will help you to 
install it and then support you and configure it and support you on that software. So there's 
nothing like development, development, coding type in our business. It is more of configuring 
the existing product. 
Arka Bhattacharya: 
So you have mostly people from networking and IT specialist and that kind of…? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aakash Sharma, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Aakash Sharma: 
My questions are on financials. Sir, can you tell me that like what are factors contributed for 
the growth in revenue? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
What factors contributed? Everything, all the domains contributed, and everything was going. 
Akash bhai, if you are able to rephrase your question it would be helpful what has contributed. 
There's nothing specific. One thing which has contributed, all the products and technologies 
have grown. Maybe some percentage here and there but everything has grown in our kitty. 
Aakash Sharma: 
Like the sales, if the sales has grown or any new regions has been expanded? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
The sales have grown, region expansion is for this year. As I mentioned to the earlier 
gentleman, Southern India is something which we are going to tap this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Vardhan from KPIT Tech. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal Vardhan: 
Sir, like I can see that the security software and the services segment for this particular quarter 
had a very good growth of like Rs. 40 crores compared to like other quarter where it used to 
be between Rs. 10 to Rs. 20 crores range. So was there any particular reason for this growth in 
security services and software and will we have this growth continued for next year like every 
quarter something similar in this range? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Vishal, I would love to be there in that. But some orders which were supposed to be executed 
in OND because of that Diwali patch, they got pushed into the JFM quarter and because of that 
JFM quarter, you see a big spike. This kind of numbers would may not be the same, but our 

 
Page 14 of 14 
endeavor is towards that direction and we are working on a couple of good funnel and 
hopefully we will be able to manage around that size of numbers this year also every quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Chetankumar Timbadia from DC Infotech & Communication Limited 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
I would like to thank the entire team of DC Infotech & Communication Limited for their 
continuous effort, hard work and dedication, which strengthens the company’s resistance to 
the various market cycles. Also, I appreciate all of you for participating in this conference call. 
Please do get in touch with our Investor Relation team if you have any further follow-up 
questions for this. Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining. Thank you, Michelle. Thank you, 
Rupesh for arranging this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of DC Infotech & 
Communication Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
