  
  
   
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
Ref: ITL/SE/2024-25/16 
Date: May 27, 2024 
To, 
The Manager, 
The Manager 
Corporate Relation Department 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Exchange Plaza, 5'» Floor; Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street, Fort 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400001 
Mumbai — 400051 
Scrip Code: 532326 
Symbol: INTENTECH; 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of the Q4 and Annual FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference 
Call held on May 21, 2024. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https: //www.in10stech.com /Investors 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Al, Vikrampuri, Secunderabad - 500 009. 
a 
l 
Telangana, India 
Nn 
S 
T: 
+91 40 44558585 
F: 
+91 40 77819040 
E: 
info@imlOstech.com CIN- L30007TGI9S90PLCOTI51IO 
Our Global Offices 
; Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
| Singapore 
www.iniOstech.com 
 
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA
Digitally signed by 
PODUGU PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2024.05.27 
15:07:28 +05'30'

Fl 
nil 0 S 
Intense technologies Limited 
IniOs* 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q4FY ‘24 and FY’24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C.K. SHASTRI- MANAGING DIRECTOR- INTENSE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. JAYANT DWARKANATH- DIRECTOR- INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MSs. ANISHA SHASTRI- DIRECTOR- INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. NITIN SARDA- CFO OF THE COMPANY- INTENSE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Page 
1 of 17

InlOs" 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
  
Moderator: 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Ladies and gentlemen, have a good day, and welcome to Intense Technologies Limited Conference 
Call for Q4 & FY '24. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Thank you, Zico. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us on Intense Technologies Annual 
Conference Call FY '24. Today, we have with us Mr. C.K. Shastri, Managing Director, Mr. Jayant 
Dwarkanath, Director; Ms. Anisha Shastri, Director, and Mr. Nitin Sarda, CFO of the company. We 
are also joined by Mr. Lokesh from the management team and Ms. Pratyusha from the secretarial 
team. 
Before we commence, please note that some of the statements made on today's call could be forward- 
looking in nature, and a note to that effect has been included in the conference call invite, which has 
been uploaded on the stock exchanges. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shastri to give us a brief 
introduction, followed by Anisha and following which we will open the session for question and 
answers. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shastri to make his opening comments. Over to you, Mr. Shastri. 
Thanks, Siddharth. Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to this earnings call for FY 
'24. This year has been a transitioning year, 
I would say, for Intense Technologies, as there 
is a 
growth of 26% in the top line. We have done INR116.51 crores compared to INR91.83 crores last 
year. Similarly, the EBITDA has gone up from INR18.63 crores to INR22.71 crores and the PAT, 
there's been a marginal increase in PAT. That is about 14%. And the good thing is that cash balance 
has been commendably, it increased from INR37.99 crores to INR64.62 crores. And even the data has 
come down from INR53.66 crores to INR44.99 crores. The EPS 
has grown from INR5.86 
to 
INR6.66. 
Well, 
the new young generation has taken over and they will 
give you 
a detailed 
presentation of the operations by Anisha Shastri, followed by Q&A, and we have the entire team here, 
we welcome all your questions. All I would like to say is don't look at us, look at the company from a 
quarter-on-quarter investments which we have made last year, which is completed 12 months, 
is 
showing very encouraging results for us as a company from a long-term perspective, from a 3-year 
perspective. 
Yes. So, all in all, 
I would like to say that the future is looking good. The investments which we are 
making are showing promise. And I would like to hand it over to Anisha to give you a detailed update 
right from operations, technology, markets, sales, and the Project Butterfly which we have invested 
in, a detailed update for you all, and then followed by question and answers. 
Page 2 of 17

InlOs" 
Anisha Shastri: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
Great. Thank you so much, C.K. Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, for joining us today, pleasure to 
have you here. For those of you who are joining us for the first time with Intense Technologies 
Limited, we are a platform services company. We specialize in the BFSI segment. And over the last 
year, we have significantly made investments to move into government as well. 
So, while our platforms are very core to enterprises, these are mission-critical platforms, which are 
vertical agnostic, but we brought in our focus of BFSI and government, so that we are able to take a 
more focused approach to the market and expand better. Before I get started on my update, I am very, 
very happy to let you know that this is the first time in our history that we've crossed the INR100 
crores. It was a milestone for us. It happened early on in the quarter. It was a milestone for us. And in 
general, it is a testament for the strategic initiatives that we have taken over the last 
1 year and how 
they are bearing fruit. 
As Mr. Shastri said, our top line grew by 27% over last year, and this was only possible because of 
the Project Butterfly initiative that we have taken over the last 
1 year. Now for those of you who are 
not familiar with what Project Butterfly is, at the beginning of last year, we introduced a strategy to 
see how we can add additional revenue streams 
so that we are able to cross-sell, upsell 
to our 
customers better, and in general, increase our wallet share from our existing customers. 
We have marquee names across the BFSI segment. And erstwhile we were only doing the INR80 
crores, INR90 crores revenue. So, our strategy was, one, how do we farm our existing accounts better. 
And for that, we horizontally and vertically expanded services, complementing our platform. So, 
using our IP assets, we delivered additional services today. And I'm happy to let you know that our 
existing business grew to INR92.98 crores from INR79.08 crores. 
Our additional tech-enabled services business grew to INR21.5 crores from INR11.5 crores, that's 
almost 87% growth. 
So significant improvements 
in our top line you're seeing because of the 
strategies that we have implemented over the last 
1 year. We added green shoots in the form of data 
services, transmission services, talent services and managed services for government. 
Now 
all 
of these services are complementing our existing platform. Our flagship platform 
is 
a 
communications platform, which today, 
a leading bank in the country saves about INR100 crores 
using this platform, So that's the kind of scale that we operate at, and that's the kind of benefit that we 
provide to our customers. 
So, the data services that we have added help improve the quality of data in an organization so that 
they're able to leverage it better, to make more intelligent decisions. And you've also seen what has 
happened recently in the regulatory landscape with the likes of the Paytms and Kotaks, etc. Our 
platform and services help our customers improve on their data quality so that they're able to leverage 
it better to cross-sell as well as they are regulatorily also complying to what is required. 
Second 
is, erstwhile we used 
to design the 
entire communication and then hand 
it over to 
a 
transmission services provider for them to send out the last-mile SMS, e-mail, WhatsApp, etcetera. 
This year, we have added that capability also. We partnered with telecom and other SMS providers. 
Page 3 of 17

InlOs" 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
And we have extended this functionality in our own scope, meaning that today now we do end-to-end 
from 
data 
ingestion, 
cleansing 
it, 
designing 
the 
entire communication, 
we 
have 
a marketing 
automation platform that enables our customers to send communications on the right channel at the 
right time, so that they're able to engage with their customers better. And we also are able to send out 
the last-mile SMS and e-mail. 
So, we have completely switched this from end to end as opposed to a license sale that used to happen 
in the past. In addition, we've also added talent services, managed services, so we provide a Build- 
Operate-Transfer kind of model. We have done significant work in managed services even in the 
government. And in fact, the pipe for government this year is also looking very healthy. We have a 
very, very promising lineup for government as well. 
We've added a lot of big logos from the BFSI and the government industries last year, and we hope to 
continue to do so this year as well. So, our focus overall has been a very disciplined focus about 
ensuring that we focus on our top line growth. It may be a 
little premature at this point to look at 
margin percentages growth per se because we are in a transition phase, we have to continue to invest 
in sales. We have to continue to invest in AI/ML in order to keep up with the customers' dynamically 
changing needs, And that's what will get us the kind of growth percentages that we are looking at. 
So overall, that top line focus, a big part of Project Butterfly was to see how do we move the current 
culture, the DNA of the organization also from being a tech-driven organization to a more sales- 
driven organization. And I'm happy to inform you that all of those efforts are slowly paying off, and 
you're seeing it in the results this year. Erstwhile we used to deliver about 8% to 12% growth. This 
year, we have delivered a 27% growth. 
We've also tried to ensure that we streamline our revenues across our quarters so it's not a lumpy 
quarter here or there. 
I mean 
it may 
still happen, given the unknown nature 
of our business, 
specifically because we have now also opened up government. Government will have capex and opex 
both as part of a managed services deal. So, there will be a little bit, but we are, as much as possible, 
trying to see that we get rid of at least that fourth quarter lumpiness. And that was a concern from all 
of you, and we have tried very honestly to fix that for last year and we hope to continue to do so going 
forward. 
Last year, we used to depend on a license and AMC kind of a model. Now the definition of our core 
offerings has expanded. So now we're not just doing licenses of our one communication platform 
alone, we have our communication end-to-end communication governance platform. We have our 
data platform and a low code platform to deliver managed services. So, using these 3, we have added 
complementary services vertically, expanding this overall offering, 
So the definition of our core 
offering as such has vastly expanded from what it was earlier. And this is what is helping us cross-sell 
better. Hence, you see the INR92 crores as opposed to the INR70 crores in the past, right? 
This year, in terms of sales, what we have done is, one, on the farming side, we have made significant 
investments in having dedicated account managers for each account so that we are able to identify 
opportunities better and address the need of the customer also better. This is what will help us get our 
farming group. 
Page 4 of 17

InlOs" 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
On the hunting front, we added people in the with BFSI experience and government experience. We 
brought in a capable talent that has spent 15 years upwards in these industries to help us see that 
growth in BFSI and government specifically. And on the receivables front, also, 
I know that a lot of 
you have spoken about this in the past, I'm very happy to inform you that our receivables position 
today, our DSO is down by 20%. It is because of a lot of discipline with which we are looking at and 
reviewing our collections on a weekly basis especially when you go into the government sector, it's 
even more important that you have such stringent processes within your organization to help see that 
you are able to churn cash on a regular basis. That discipline is also reflecting in our cash numbers. 
You have seen that our cash situation has gone up to INR60-plus crores, which is a significant up 
from last year. 
On the people front, our COO, Mr. Anil Vengayil had to move on for personal reasons to take care of 
his family, and we wish him the best for that. However, we've also had an addition of Mr. Apparao 
Varre who has joined us 
as 
a strategic advisor. Now Mr. Apparao Varre comes with fantastic 
experience in BFSI and overall, in the tech industry. He was just before joining us, he was managing 
strategic initiatives for HCL. He, at one point, played the role of CHRO, which reporting directly to 
the CEO as well for HCL. And before that, he was managing their BFSI practice. 
So, his experience and his connections come in a very strong way as complementing our aspirations 
of growing in the BFSI industry. So, we welcome Mr. Apparao Varre to the Intense family. 
In 
addition, we added these green shoots of data, talent, etc. So, what we did was we brought in industry 
experts, sales experts in these core domains. And they will work hand-in-hand with our farmers and 
our hunters to see how we can cross-sell these green shoots into our existing organizations. 
On the overall head count front, we put in a lot of effort to see how we could optimize our strength. 
And then invest all of that money back into sales, and that's reflected in our numbers as well. Last 
year when we had this conversation, we have almost 600 people. This year, we have 540, that 60 
people left. And we've invested all of this money into bringing in more sales personnel and investing 
in AI/ML. So again, continuing to focus on the strategic objectives that we've laid out for ourselves as 
part of Project Butterfly. 
On the product front, the 3 platforms have matured quite a bit. We have invested significantly in 
bringing AI and ML capabilities into these products. The idea behind it is twofold. One is we keep up 
with the market dynamically changing need. Two, we are able to deliver faster, which means the 
customer goes live faster, and we are able to then see an uptick in revenues from there onwards with 
our customers. Three, we optimize on how much it takes for us to deliver our platforms as well with 
customers. 
So, by bringing in machine learning capabilities, etc, we are significantly cutting down the time it 
takes to delivery and improving the value that it provides to our customers. We are also leveraging 
large language models, LLMs as they call it in the IT world to migrate from other platforms to us. So, 
we see a good opportunity for replacement markets especially internationally. It's an area where we 
definitely want to focus on this year, we hadn't been able to invest much on international expansion 
last year, but that's a strong focus for us this year. 
Page 5 of 17

InlOs" 
C.K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
So, we brought in LLM based capabilities to see how we can migrate from some of the other large 
monolithic platforms to our platform, giving our customers the kind of flexibility to get to latest 
technology without having to be worried about BAU (business as usual) being the problem. 
We also added code generation capabilities in our low-code platform. Typically, there is a certain 
inertia that comes with adopting low-code platforms because they feel like code control is not there. 
But we have added the capability of being able to export code, generate an export code as well. We 
used to anyway export front-end code, web code. Now we've also generated capabilities of exporting 
back-end code. And this helps remove the inertia of adopting a low-code platform. So, we hope to see 
an uptick in how we deliver our managed services using our low-code platform so that we are able to 
deliver more efficiently as well as the customer is adopting it with open arms. 
Overall, the objective with our product also was to see how we complement this horizontal expansion 
of our overall offering. And today, on the communications front, we cover end-to-end from ingestion 
to designing to marketing automation to transmission, we cover end-to-end, and this will continue 
overall. 
So, 
I think just to sum 
it up, our Project Butterfly was brought in with the intention of 
expanding revenue streams so we can improve on top line growth and then seeing how we optimize, 
how we deliver internally to see that we are also able to impact our bottom-line growth. 
And while you would have seen in our results that all of these initiatives are paying off and it is 
reflecting in our numbers. And we will continue to strive with the same enthusiasm to see how we can 
go into next year as well, while you may your top line growth we are trying to see as much as possible 
that we remove the lumpiness across quarters, it may happen though by virtue of being in the kind of 
businesses that we are in. But 
I would urge you, like Mr. Shastri said to focus on us as an annual 
script, look at us on annual growth numbers and don't focus on a quarter-on-quarter comparison with 
US. 
We are working very, very hard to ensure that we deliver the kind of top line growth numbers that 
we've set for us as well as our absolute margins as well. Margin percentages, given the nature of 
businesses, it may be premature too early be able to settle on margin percentages, but core absolute 
margin values, we will definitely focus on increasing and adding cash to the bank. 
And I would also just like to close this conversation by saying as part of our initiatives and as part of 
our budgeting this year, we have increased our dividend payout as well. Thank you so much for your 
patience with us, and we continue to remain positive about that business. Now we have increased our 
dividend payout to 50% as opposed to 25% last year. 
We would like we would further like to state that we continue to invest in growth. We are looking at a 
3-year view for this company to the recovery stage. And we'll continue to invest in the international 
markets and domestic markets, primarily to see that will scale up better. 
Absolutely. With that, we would like to open it up for questions. 
The first question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia who an investor is. 
Page 6 of 17

InlOs" 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Nitin Sarda: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
So, my question is more from Q4 perspective, 
I see an uptick in other expenses. So, can you throw 
some light on that? And, on a year-over-year comparison, what -- how -- why did the numbers look? 
So, 
I think the numbers will not look healthy on a year-over-year comparison, so can you throw light 
on that? 
Sure, Pratik. This is Nitin here. 
I think to your year-on-year view, the numbers are very healthy in 
absolute terms. Like we've mentioned, our revenue has jumped by 27%. The EBITDA has also gone 
up by 20%. And then there's increase in PAT by 15%. So, from a year-on-year and considering the 
strategy that we have put in place that's panning out in the way we would like it to be. And from a 
quarter perspective, like you have pointed out, yes, there has been an increase in our expenses. Again, 
there are certain element of onetime hits that we had to take it to a P&L account. There was a write- 
off on a to the extent of INR 60lakhs on account of bad debts, because of some receivables, which 
was stuck for a very long time from hyperinflationary country like Nigeria. 
So we've provided that. And then since as Anisha has pointed out, we had Mr. Anil who was our 
COO who has left the company for personal reasons. So there's another provision that we had to 
create 
-- had to on account for towards the settlement that's in the range of about INR65 lakhs. And 
then there's also for this particular quarter since -- in particular in Q4, we -- a lot of our sales for 
whom we have been investing for a very long time, had achieved their target in terms of the revenue 
that we had set for them. So there's onetime variable payout that happened in this quarter, that's 
around INR60 lakhs. So all of these for the reasons, which is why you'll see uptick in expenses for 
this quarter. 
Okay. Got it. And how do you see forward at least if you could provide some sense on H1 for '25, do 
you see in terms of business uptick and any new initiatives that could spring up during so, first half? 
It's looking positive for us, Pratik. The same investments that we made last year continue to pay off. 
We also have a very healthy pipe on the government front, which hopefully will bear fruit in the next 
2 quarters. So overall looks good. 
Just to add, Pratik from an absolute margin standpoint, we don't see any challenges. But from 
a 
margin standpoint, that will also depend on the composition of revenue, because each of the segments 
that we are trying to -- which -- is gaining traction. And it also depends on the opportunities we are 
trying to materialize. So, the margins will vary in line with the composition of revenue that we are 
accounting for that particular quarter. But yes, from a revenue standpoint, we are very confident, 
again, the quarter -- the financial year gone by is a reinforcement of the strategy. 
We will see going up, but not coming down. 
Sorry, I've lost you in the last part. 
We'll only see growth is what we are saying with our current investment. 
All right. And one last question from my end on -- if you can provide an update on Project Butterfly, 
where do we stand on that? And what -- how does it look going ahead? 
Page 7 of 17

InlOs" 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
Sure. So, what I was trying to convey with Project Butterfly is that the green shoots that we invested 
in, we hired dedicated salespersons to head each of those green shoots. We have seen that paying off 
in terms of our farming as well as in new initiatives. So, for example, in farming, we saw an increase 
of almost 18% from last year to this year, and that happened because of all these additional green 
shoots that we've added. 
And a few of these -- so out of the 4 green shoots that we added, I say 3 of them are starting to bear 
fruit at this point. One we are continuing to calibrate, but overall, direction still remains the same, 
strategy remains the same, and it's just continuing to execute it with the same force that we were last 
year. 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Yogya Capital. 
My question was more from the broader perspective. So, we have expanded it more towards the back 
end and integrating for our products. So why 
I couldn't understand the reason behind fall in the 
margins from 30% to 18% at the EBITDA level, even though we are integrating. So, have we seen 
some competition or are we into something -- can you give us some color on that? 
Sure. So, Chirag, there is no fall in the margins. It continues to remain at around 20%. So, there is no 
fall in EBITDA. In fact, absolute terms, we have increased by about 22% from last year to this year. 
So, investments continue to happen. 
Ma'am, 
I was trying to see from more a broader perspective. So, when we compare versus FY '22, 
when we hadn't started the Project Butterfly, we were at 30% around margins and INR25 crores of 
EBITDA, okay? So we however, we have integrated further post that after starting Project Butterfly. 
So that was my question on. 
Got it. So, 2 years back, 
I think that was because of a big licensing number that had come in at that 
point, which is why those numbers reflected. And this year -- since last year, since maybe Q4 of FY 
'22, onwards is when we have been significantly investing in quality sales talent. So, in terms of other 
expenses per se, we have not been investing on expanding on other headcount, only on sales and AI 
ML resources. That's about it. So, 
I think that's the difference. However, when you compare it to FY 
'22 to '23 to FY '24, we continue to remain similar. 
Okay. So, margins would be in the similar range of 20% around odd levels? 
Yes. We're in the transitioning as 
I mentioned, we are in the transitioning stage because we are 
investing in growth. We would want to maintain that margin and over a long-term period, improve the 
margins. 
Yes. Got that. Secondly, on the AI and ML that you are mentioning, can you further go deep on that 
because you mentioned that it was only for a few clients to migrate to our platforms. So that's only 
your AI ML platform or there are other users also, which have been developed by us. 
Sure. So that is one core usage, which will help us in our replacement market. But we've added many 
other functionalities, such as send time optimization. We identify whether Chirag prefers WhatsApp 
Page 8 of 17

InlOs" 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
or Chirag prefers e-mail or SMS while communicating. And if we know that Chirag usually checks 
his e-mail at 7:00 p.m. in the night. So, then we help our brands engage with you at 7:00 p.m. in the 
night so that they are able to cross-sell to you better. So that kind of capability we've added, and all of 
this is based on machine learning itself. So that's one feature. So, the code generation also happens 
using AI. We've added automation testing services using AI. 
Okay. Understood. So out of 540 people, how many people are involved in the AI ML platform 
development part? 
Probably, I'd say maybe to the tune of 10 to 15 people. 
Okay. So, we are having a core team, which develops yes. Understood. The language learning model, 
which you mentioned, it was only for some specific customers, or we would be cross-selling to other 
customers also? 
It's a generic. Everything that we add is to enhance the platform, platform such as is generic and 
vertical agnostic. So, it's not customer specific. 
Understood. So, do we -- how do you plan to use the INR60 crores of cash that you have on balance 
sheet? That was my next question on. 
Sure. So, we will continue to invest in high-quality talent. We will continue to see how we 
another 
focus for this year, apart from government will be international presence. So, we want to invest in the 
U.S. and U.K. markets as well. So that will also be one area of interest. So overall, we will focus on 
growth. Yes, and then... 
Okay. So, the U.S. and U.K. market, how much costs are we expecting to put in, out of the INR60 
crores that we have on the balance sheet? 
See, we will look to add at least 1, 2 people, and we are also looking at partnership models, you've 
joined the previous call, 
I mentioned our focus is around partnership models in the U.S. So, we will 
have to probably make some expense towards supporting partners as well, and we will deploy people, 
I guess, 10 people from here. So, 
it should be around the range of INR6 crores, INR7 crores maybe 
overall across the year. 
So, we still have INR5O crores remaining out of that? 
Yes. 
See, now that we've opened government, government tenders always require you to give 
performance bank guarantees. So, you need a healthy cash base to have that appetite to take that risk. 
Otherwise, you can't bid for these tenders. So, we'll require some cash also in for that purpose. 
Because these are large projects and the payment terms with the government requires the investment. 
Yes. Fair enough. So, we would be dealing with multiple governments or only Indian? 
For now, focus is India. 
Page 9 of 17

InlOs" 
C.K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
We have through partners; we'll do the government. 
International if at all, yes. 
Okay. For can you kind of give some guidance for the FY '25 on the revenues and margin. Margin 
you gave it, for revenue, do you have any guidance in mind? 
We will continue to invest in the same kind of growth story that we are delivering today and hoping 
for it to pay off. 
Okay. Understood. Last my last question was on the international market. 
So, the international 
markets you were getting on is very competitive in their nature. So how do you plan to compete in 
such market where the giants have been taking the place and also many start-ups have been taking it. 
So how do you plan to compete over there? So, you mentioned about partnerships. 
Yes. It's a good question. In fact, the good thing is that almost all the system integrators, for example, 
if you take the -- one of the largest tax filing system in India, Infosys is working with us. Similarly, 
we have IBM with whom we work with. TCS, who we will work with. Because of our IP capabilities 
in niche areas, what we are working on, a 
lot of the large payers look forward to partnering with us 
and taking our solutions ahead. And our U’S. strategy is to partner with a lot of these companies and 
work through them because we don't have direct relationships with this and the sales cost and the 
nature of sales in the U.S. are different from what it is in other parts of the world. 
Fair enough. Another one, if I squeeze in. We have appointed separate account manager for each 
account. So do we have any limits specified in mind for which about if a certain threshold is crossed. 
So, we would be appointing a manager for him. 
Yes. So, it's not based on limits that we've crossed, but it's based on earnings potential that we have 
defined from our accounts. So, what we've done is we have segregated all our accounts into five 
categories. 
Strategic, 
so key accounts where there are dedicated teams doing managed services. 
Strategic accounts, growth accounts and active accounts, dominant account. So, this is how we have 
segregated our account. 
So dedicated account managers, we give two key and strategic accounts. And then we have maybe 
two, three accounts shared between by one account manager with growth accounts and multiple nodes 
in active and so on. So, 
it's based on earnings potential from these organizations, what their IT 
budgets are and what they are able to spend with us. 
Okay. So, what is the headcount for salesperson of these managers? 
Accounts managers alone? 
Yes. 
Is about 12. 
12 managers. And in total, how much do we 
is the salesperson size? 
Page 
10 of 17

InlOs" 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Chirag Jain: 
Moderator: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
Our overall sales side should be about 21-22 people, 
I think. Sorry, 
I don't have the number handy, 
but I was. 
Okay. So, I understood fair enough. So, 60 people are in there. Rest of the 500 people, where are they 
deployed in? 
So, about 220-ish people on the delivery and operational side, sitting out of customer locations, and 
about 140 people - 150 people in engineering and the remaining across all enabling functions like HR, 
Finance, Marketing, Consulting and the like. 
Okay. Understood. That was all from my side. That was very helpful information. 
The next question is from the line of Abhiram Kumar from CIL. 
Congrats on the revenue front. 
Okay. First of all, congrats on the revenue front for having the 26% growth. Yes. So, in terms of the 
EPS, since 2018 to 2021, the EPS has been between INR8 to INR8.5. Now it has gone to around the 
INR6 mark. So as part of the Project Butterfly, when can we expect an EPS that is all time high? Like 
this year, we've achieved a revenue that's all time high, when did we have that results shown in EPS 
as well? 
As I mentioned, we are in the transition phase. We are making all these investments for growth. We 
expect all time high in 2 to 3 years! time. 
In 2 to 3 years’ time? 
Just to give you a little more granularity. 
I think we -- each line of business that we are targeting, that 
depends on our complementary trend based on what we have been -- the expertise and learning that 
we have had in this BFSI segment. So, each of the segment will measure at different points in time. 
And that's where you'll see incremental EPS that is percolating down to EPS. 
Yes. So, it will take 2 to 3 years roughly to get back to an EPS of 2021, which is INR8.5? 
No, beyond that, beyond 2021, we are not saying that you will see a significant. As you asked for an 
all-time high, I say, 2 to 3 years. 
Okay. Fair enough, fair enough. And secondly, 
I see a public notice given that you have changed 
offices. So, would that mean that the old office that you own, would you be selling it? And would the 
company be distributing that any proceeds are partly on, full in part of -- as part of like in dividend 
form? Or are there any plans to buy the share, because once the dividend is distributed, the money 
can't be taken from investors back. But however, if you buy shares, and they can you can always sell 
the case back in the market, that's where you can raise money to use it for your future growth. 
Because from the CFO comments, he has outlined a few aspects why the EPS has gone down. And I 
would like to note that there's also been a share dilution and obviously for the right reason, the better 
the management is compensated, the better it's for the company. So, buying shares in the market using 
Page 11 of 17

InlOs" 
Anisha Shastri: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Abhiram Kumar: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
the existing excess cash would help add value to investors. So, would you be approaching investors to 
get their perspective on this matter? 
In fact, thank you so much for bringing this up, Mr. Abhiram, it completely skips my mind to inform 
shareholders. So yes, it was quite a significant upgrade for us. We've moved from our office in the 
suburbs to an office in the heart of where IT is right beside Microsoft, Salesforce and the like. So yes, 
we have made that a significant shift. The idea is precisely what you've mentioned, Mr. Abhiram, the 
idea is to see how we can probably look at selling this property, and those proceeds, we will definitely 
see how we can invest in buying back as well. 
And what can we expect in terms of the market rate at the moment, any public information that you 
have? There should be 
a record on books by the Telangana government is to say how much the 
property is worth, and there will be a market value as well. Would you be able to shed some light on 
both the valuations roughly? A tentative answer would be nice. 
We are talking to quite a few property dealers like Frank and Wakefield and all of these people. There 
is a small catch here is that the prices might shoot up or come down based on there is an expected 
expressway which is going to go come up from the Secunderabad parade grounds till the which part is 
right in front of us, until the Outer Ring Road. So, people are not able to give a thing, but ballpark is 
around INR6 crores to INR7 crores is what we are looking at. But it may go up or may come down 
based on the outcome of this decision, which is going in the political circles. 
Okay, sir. INR6 crores to INR7 crores would be the value of the fixed property, the building, and the 
land? 
Also just to add to what Anisha just mentioned. So, we have also actually created the ESOP trust 
scheme whereby we are planning to we are adding a lot of segment leaders with the company who 
come with extensive experience in that domain and to help us reward them better. We have created a 
trust which would ensure that the employees are rewarded. And at the same time, the shareholding is 
not diluted as much. So that's -- and for the operation of the trust, we'll have -- the trust would be 
buying back shares from the open market, the normal trust-ESOP mechanism that has been put in 
place. 
Okay. And there have been global recession fears. A lot of economies are in turmoil. So, would those 
factors be a hindrance on executing Project Butterfly or in general, even for the financial company? 
See, in general, 
I mean, fortunately or unfortunately, a majority of our customer base has been India 
and India is only growing. So, while it might not have any immediate effect on our working on our 
farming strategies, we are focusing on expansion in the U.S. as one of the objectives for this year. 
I 
think it will be important to see how we can tap the fact that they're not able to spend much. So, they 
will want to go to a more optimally price delivery center. I think that's what we'll try to play on. 
Sure. And my last question is, you have shed some light early on the existing cash and it being needed 
for paying bond to get government projects. Roughly, 
is there like is there a way we can calculate 
what the bond amount, that's demanded by the government, 
if it's INR100 crores project they'll 
Page 12 of 17

InlOs" 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Manhar Rao: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Manhar Rao: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Manhar Rao: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
require a 3% bond. I'm just trying to understand what part of the cash would be used for as bond in 
the future for us to secure bond? 
I believe it is 5%, 6% of the deal is what they anywhere between 3% to 6% is what they keep it as 
performance bank guarantee plus there are other things like the EMD for bidding the project for 
which money is stuck for 3 to 6 months. 
The next question is from the line of Manhar Rao from SS Capital. 
So, 
I have more of a qualitative question here, okay, considering our entire part of last 5 to 7 years. 
So, we have had a very bad past, I would say. I would say the corporate governance has not been very 
good. We have not informed our shareholders probably in the BSNL fiasco, most of our guidance’s 
earlier have not been met like Mr. Shastri said INR32 million by some 2021, 2022 back. So given that 
not having a very good past, how do you expect the new shareholders who are coming nght now 
trusting you as a company that we'll do so and so on. So, can you just shed some light there? 
Sure. Thank you, Mr. Rao for your questions. I mean, any statements that have been made in the past 
or in the present, intentions are always to see how we can put our heart and soul into making this 
organization grow. And that has been kind of the crux of everything that we do over here. We 
apologize for any statements that we may have made in the past unintentionally. But now our full 
focus is to see how we can be as transparent with you as possible. And at the same time, ensure that 
we don't put out numbers now without being very, very certain. 
The BSNL was a black swan event, which happened to us. And it was such a big event that not only 
that our aspiration, but we were also almost under pleasure to close the business. That's the kind of 
thing which we had to go through. And in business, as far as we are concerned, we do our best to be 
very transparent, and we will ensure that it's been done. 
Okay. So now that you have had the BSNL experience and now again, we are moving more towards 
the government projects like certainly will get significant government projects next year. What are we 
doing differently this time that we don't repeat a BSNL? 
We have a risk assessment team internally, which has been formed now, 
is once bitten, twice shy, 
there are many deals which we are even turning it down until unless things are there. Even after doing 
such a large project like today, we are processing INR16 lakh crores of income tax revenue, taxes are 
8.5 crores tax returns are being filed. Despite the credentials we are not going at high-risk projects 
because government is high risk and high return is there. So, we are balancing and we're trying to see 
that we partner with nght partners to mitigate the risk and go forward. 
Okay. So, another question 
I had is we are a market leader in telecommunication in our country, 
I 
think more than 50% share, something like that. But we are just INR100 crores top line company. So, 
I mean for such a small company already having such a huge part of the market. So, what is the 
addressable market for us? Is that the reason we are moving to BFSI, moving internationally, the 
market size 
is not very huge here because we have already captured 
a big part? And are we 
Page 13 of 17

InlOs" 
C.K. Shastri: 
Manhar Rao: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
introducing any other product, which is going to be as good as a flagship product, which can be a new 
product and something like that in the pipeline, IP, and all of that. 
That's a very good question. See, what happened erstwhile was for -- in the time the BSNL and those 
deals had come in, most of our engagements of our products were through system integrators and 
partners. And they were making the prize money, and we were getting the trophies we had no choice 
because the solutions were 
so mission-critical, nobody would want to bet on small companies. 
Currently, with our reference-ability across banks, we have all the top banks in India. We have all the 
top insurance companies. We have data of telecoms using that platform. And that's one of the reasons. 
And in India, they don't pay for licenses, the product is such that they would prefer a SaaS model 
because it's -- the volumes are in millions and millions of subscribers and customers which are there. 
Hence, what we have done is that we have started this Butterfly to cross-sell, upsell our other products 
and other solutions and broaden the scope and depth and width in solutions what we have. That's one 
of the reasons which we have decided to take on this Project Butterfly and increase our wallet share 
from existing customers and go with new customers. 
Okay. That helps. And I think one last thing which I wanted to understand here is on getting any new 
products in here, in your pipeline, your tech team or something like that or you're just converting your 
existing product as a SaaS model upselling, cross-selling, but any new strong product which you're 
getting? Or is it the same thing which you're trying to sell more and more? 
Mr. 
Rao, 
in 
fact, erstwhile, we only sold one communications platform. Today, we have three 
different platforms, one on the data front, one on low-code application development, which essentially 
is basically developing enterprise-grade applications without writing a single line of code. And our 
communication platform, we have expanded it from being just a designer to also including marketing 
automation capabilities as well. 
So, our IP assets has strengthened over the years, for sure. Apart from this, we've also added smaller 
SaaS tools where we can start looking at generating recurring revenue month-on-month, smaller tools 
in 
like 
the 
testing 
space 
in WhatsApp’s 
chat 
bot, 
these 
kind 
of spaces. 
These 
are 
all 
still 
complementary what we do and what are platforms are. But just to see how we can generate some of 
those recurring revenue streams on the side as well. So, our IP assets have definitely grown over the 
years, and we have more than what we were offering in the past. 
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kothari, who is an Investor. 
My question 
is 
to Mr. Nitin here. 
I've been an investor in the company for 
a long time. And 
historically, we have enjoyed something like 30% kind of EBITDA margins. 
I know we've been 
investing in Project Butterfly and other projects in the last 1-1.5 years, but we expect some operating 
leverage to kick in, in future once these investments are done. So, by which quarter or which year do 
you expect to go back to the 30% kind of operating margins, which we always enjoy? 
Thank you, Sumit, for your questions. Yes, 
I mean, definitely, we were making healthy margins back 
then because in terms of our composition of revenue for the new customers that we were onboarding 
Page 14 of 17

InlOs" 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
back in 2019, 2020, '21, '21, '22. Since typically what happens is once we deploy our product license 
revenue kicks in and license revenue being a high margin segment, directly percolates down to my 
bottom line. And what happens is in the next year, what we have is the old go-live support where 
I 
must spend on the manpower to be able to generate recurring revenue. Eventually you'll see that shift 
in my margin profile. 
And going for the second part of your question, when will be full to back to that 30% EBITDA 
margin, this is a very open-ended question in the sense that now that we have changed our business 
model, we have got in new additional segments of revenue. And these are very 
-- each of these 
markets need, that it addresses very different, be it cloud, be it data services, be it low code no code 
platforms, enterprise level applications. And government, in particular, wherein we are trying to enter 
manage 
services, 
having implemented 
a very robust strong 
risk identification, assessment and 
mitigation strategy along with our partners. 
So, the idea is to -- from our learnings chase good margins, at the same time, not onboard too much as 
from a government project standpoint. So -- all of this will have a role to play, and that would paint 
the financial performance for the company. Again, this is where our management has been trying to 
draw your investor attention is that in terms of absolute numbers, will definitely perform outperform 
each financial year, single financial year, on a year-on-year basis. 
Do you mean to say that margins in FY '25 will be higher than FY '24? Is that the right assessment? 
In terms of absolute number, yes. 
Absolute number will obviously be high. If you even have 
a 5% kind of a growth, the absolute 
number we are not talking. I am talking about the margin percentage. 
So, this is what I'm saying, let's say for a given year, my government business, which has a very high 
large headroom for growth. And let's say, if that takes over in terms of my that because a significant 
part of my revenue. So as a percentage by our margins will be very different, hadn't been in the case 
where they are not as much. 
Right. And Anisha highlighted that the growth in FY '25 may be similar to what we had in FY '24. So 
can we expect something like a INR150 crores, kind of top line with INR30 crores of an EBITDA for 
FY '25, just to have a broad number of top line and bottom line for FY '25. 
We are working towards it. We hope for the best. Definitely don't want to make any forward-looking 
statements, especially given the question that the previous gentleman asked, on this call. So, we'll 
work towards it for sure. 
Just to get a direction, I'm not holding you for the exact number, but at least the ballpark, if you can 
provide some guidance to that effect. 
We are working towards that. 
Next question is from the line of Pradeep A, an Individual Investor. 
Page 15 of 17

InlOs" 
Pradeep A: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
Mine is a request rather than a question. It would be difficult to keep track of all the like milestones 
achieved, pipeline growth perspective on a quarterly basis. So, if you have a detailed presentation 
addressing the above, so that was -- help us to understand things better. And, easy to share with us 
investors and in the groups, so. 
Definitely. In fact, we've already created one. We will be uploading it later today. 
Next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, an individual investor. 
My question was from in terms of order wins. Any highlights on that, if you could provide some 
ballpark numbers, if you won any specific government contracts or any specific other contracts? And 
the other question was in terms of account wins, so you've mentioned cross-selling opportunities and 
leveraging your communication platform to expand horizontally. So, if you could throw some light, if 
you've been able to bill higher in any of your large customers and by what amount or some ballparks 
numbers. 
Sure. So, in terms of logo additions, we were we were able to add, 
I think, about three on the banking 
side. We added one in Sn Lanka, one in the Middle East from Dubai. And then on the government 
side, 
I think we added almost 10 logos last year. These are basically ULBs, (urban local bodies) 
across the state of UP, Telangana, Andhra, etc. So those are the kind of numbers. In terms of uptake in 
our uptick in our revenues. Definitely, we did see that increase happen. You saw it in the numbers as 
well that we spoke about earlier today, we went from, 
I think about INR79 crores to INR92 crores, let 
me get back those numbers handy. But yes -- so there was definitely an increase in farming numbers 
as well, focused around banking, amongst that entire customer profile between telecom, banking and 
insurance, we saw greater results from banking. 
Okay. And in terms of government contracts, so if you -- are there a possibility of you putting those 
contract amounts on the exchanges? Or would that be a bit more confidential? 
Yes, some of these things will be published on their website, their portals, et cetera, as part of their 
governance initiatives. But for us, I think it would be a 
little too granular to publish. 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. 
I now hand the conference over to the management 
for the closing comments. 
So, thank you so much, everybody, for joining us again on this call today. We are happy with the top 
line growth that we have been able to demonstrate top line EBITDA, absolute percentages, et cetera. 
We're happy with the growth that we are able to demonstrate. Our continued -- we will continue the 
same line with our strategy that we laid out at the beginning of last year. That will be our focus. It will 
continue to be that. And we request you to please look at us on a year-on-year basis and not on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, like we've been discussing every quarter. So, with that, thank you so much 
for joining us on this call today, and wishing you all a great week ahead. 
Thank you very much. 
Page 16 of 17

Fl 
nil 0 S 
Intense technologies Limited 
May 21,2024 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Intense Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
Page 
17 of 17
