 
 
Adani Power Limited 
          Tel  +91 79 2656 7555 
“Adani Corporate House” 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,                                            
           www.adanipower.com 
Ahmedabad-382421, Gujarat India 
CIN : L40100GJ1996PLC030533 
 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad-382421 
May 7, 2024  
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: 533096 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIPOWER 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Conference Call on Q4FY24 Financial 
Results of Adani Power Limited 
 
Ref.: Our intimation dt. April 22, 2024, May 1, 2024 and May 2, 2024, w.r.t. 
interaction with Investors / Analysts pursuant to Regulation 30 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
In furtherance to our above-referred intimations, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Investors / Analysts Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website 
of the Company i.e. www.adanipower.com 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Power Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak S Pandya 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No.: FCS-5002 
  
 
Encl.: as above. 
 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUM
AR PANDYA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUMAR 
PANDYA 
Date: 2024.05.07 
19:50:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Adani Power Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DILIP KUMAR JHA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH SAWA – GROUP HEAD – REGULATORY 
ENGAGEMENT 
MR. NISHIT DAVE -- AVP INVESTOR RELATIONS -- 
ADANI POWER LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKHIL ABHYANKAR -- ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Power Limited Q4 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call on hosted by ICICI Securities. Please 
note all participants, all media participants to disconnect as this call is 
only for analysts. As a reminder all participants lines will be in a listen 
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded and I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Dilip Jha, CFO of Adani 
Power. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Dilip Jha: 
Yes, thank you. So good afternoon, friends. This is the first time I'm 
addressing investors and analysts for Adani Power and I must say that I 
am very much excited to talk to you all. I also have here with me my 
colleagues, Mr. Shailesh Sawa, Nishit Dave and my finance team. Our 
CEO, Mr. S.B. Khyalia could not join this call due to some exigency, and 
he conveys to you all his regards.  
To give a brief introduction of myself, I have been a part of Adani since 
2010, working in various roles over the years. Before taking the charge of 
CFO of APL, I was Finance Head of the Integrated Resources 
Management business of Adani Enterprises Limited.  
I will now take you through the performance of the Company during the 
recently concluded quarter and financial year. I hope you have been able 
to go through the analyst presentation for the quarter and financial year 
that we have published on our website. 
 
Adani Power has capped a year of outstanding operational and financial 
performance with another strong quarter, posting excellent revenue and 
earning growth. We have seen a superb revival of PLFs in power plants 
based on imported coal, high level of power uptake from domestic coal-
based PPAs, and higher utilization of merchant capacity. During the 
recently concluded quarter, APL reported a handsome growth in PLF and 
power sales volume. 
 
PLF improved from 52% in Q4 FY '23 to 72% in Q4 FY '24. Power sales 
volume grew by 55% from 14.3 billion units to 22.1 billion units in this 
period. This figures for FY '24 include the contribution of the Godda 
Power Plant, which was commissioned in Q1 of this year. 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
On a full year basis, APL achieved PLF of 64.7% and power sales of 79.3 
billion units for FY '24 in comparison to 47.9% and 53.4 billion units 
respectively for FY '23. Our import coal-based plants at Mundra and 
Udupi have benefited from moderation in international coal prices, which 
improves their merit order position. As you may be aware, we now have 
efficient fuel cost recovery in PPAs with Gujarat. 
 
Our plants based on domestic coal also operated with high PLFs, both in 
case of PPAs and merchant capacity, due to the continuous demand 
growth being witnessed across India. The locational advantages these 
plants enjoy gives them a competitive edge in the market. Needless to 
say, we have also maintained very high uptime of our power plants across 
the board. 
 
Now, coming to the financial performance. Previously, we used to report 
a good portion of revenues in the form of prior period regulatory items. 
However, we have moved past that phase after satisfactory conclusion 
of major regulatory matters in FY 2023-24. Now, there is very little impact 
of prior period revenue recognition on the revenues for the fourth 
quarter. So, what you see in the quarterly figures is pretty much steady 
state performance. 
However, to remove any ambiguity, today we will focus on continuing 
revenues and continuing EBITDA to evaluate core earnings. On a purely 
continuing basis, consolidated revenues posted by APL grew by 29% to 
INR13,787 crores for Q4 FY '24 as compared to INR10,664 crores for the 
corresponding quarter of FY '23. There is an effect of lower import coal 
prices on the PPA tariffs realized during this quarter. Similarly, continuing 
consolidated revenues for FY '24 were higher by 37% at INR50,960 crores 
as compared to INR37,268 crores. 
 
Fuel costs for the fourth quarter of FY '24 were 2% lower than cost for 
the corresponding quarter of FY '23 due to lower import prices. At the 
same time, there is an improvement in fuel cost recovery under PPA 
tariffs with the regulatory approvals we have received. As a result, the 
continuing EBITDA for Q4 FY '24 grew impressively by 126% to INR5,273 
crores as compared to INR2,329 crores in FY '23. 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Similarly, the continuing EBITDA for full year FY '24 is higher by 120% at 
INR18,789 crores in comparison to the continuing EBITDA of INR18,540 
crores for FY '23.  
We have judiciously used the cash flow from operations and from 
regulatory recoveries to reduce debt through repayments. As a result, 
even though the interest on the project finance loan for Godda is now 
being charged to P&L, consolidated finance costs for Q4 FY '24 grew only 
moderately. 
 
The company's creditworthiness has improved sharply as marked by 
credit rating upgrades from A to AA family i.e. AA-. The factors behind 
this are a high degree of revenue visibility and fuel security, and a lasting 
improvement in profitability, which is coupled with de-risking of the 
balance sheet due to our deleveraging exercise.  
The profit before tax reported for the quarter achieved a striking growth 
to INR3,558 crores as compared to INR898 crores achieved last year. 
 
After considering one-time items, the reported profit before tax for FY 
'24 is INR20,792 crores as compared to INR7,675 crores for FY '23. On the 
continuing basis also, FY '24 PBT is INR11,470 crores as compared to 
INR1,903 crores for FY '23.  
During the previous year i.e. FY '23, we had certain reversals consequent 
to the scheme of amalgamation becoming effective, which had enhanced 
our already healthy Profit After Tax. Some of these adjustments were 
made during Q4 FY '23. 
Now, due to this, even though the PAT reported for Q4 FY '24 looks 
optically lower at INR2,737 crores, I am sure you all will agree that it is a 
very healthy figure. For full year FY '24, the PAT is INR20,829 crores as 
compared to PAT of INR10,727 crores for full year FY '23, which shows a 
strong 94% rise. 
 
The company has ended the year on a strong note with a much higher 
net worth and low leverage, which sets the stage for its growth plans. It 
is now a solidly profitable and agile power producer with high liquidity, a 
modern and efficient fleet and low risk.  

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
I will also talk briefly about the outlook of the power sector and our 
growth plan. 
 
All of you have your finger on the pulse of the economy, and you 
understand its growth dynamics and potential very well. India's power 
demand is also rising rapidly as economy activity and prosperity grow. In 
fact, as we can see now, the demand is set to rise faster than the 
government's outlook that was published less than two years ago. 
 
Peak power demand is expected to reach 260 gigawatts this summer. 
Even while renewable power capacities are growing, India will need more 
thermal power to meet this rising demand. Looking at this, the 
government has issued directives to ensure adequate fuel supply for 
thermal power plants and to maximize their uptime. It has also raised its 
projections for incremental thermal power installation from 50 gigawatts 
to more than 80 gigawatts.  
Adani Power, as India's foremost private power producer, is very well 
placed to benefit from the long-term power demand outlook. Various 
DISCOMs have already announced their intention to invite bids for long-
term PPAs from thermal power projects. 
 
We will look to tap into these opportunities through ground fuel 
expansion of our existing power plants on a selective basis. All new 
capacity to be set up by us will utilize ultra-supercritical technology to 
improve efficiency and reduce emissions.  
As you are aware, we are already executing a 1600 megawatt expansion 
project at the Mahan plant at Singrauli, MP. We have recently initiated 
the development process for expansion of Raigarh power plant, which we 
plan to set up 1600 megawatt thermal power capacity in Chhattisgarh.  
We are also evaluating several inorganic growth opportunities, and we 
have announced progress in two of them. That is Coastal Energen and 
Lanco Amarkantak. We expect to receive NCLT approvals for these two 
companies soon.  
Taking the organic and inorganic growth opportunities together, we plan 
to take our generation capacity to over 24 GW in the coming years. We 
are highly confident of achieving timely projecti execution and 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
turnaround by leveraging our core strengths and delivering value-
enhancing investments to our stakeholders. 
 
I look forward to sharing and discussing our progress in detail with you 
all in the years to come. Thank you, and now over to you, Moderator, for 
questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Puneet Gulati 
from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes, so thank you so much and congratulations on good numbers. My 
question is on a new capacity. Can you talk about how much existing 
capacity you already have which is not tied up with PPA, and what is the 
plan for new capacity commissioning in terms of timeline, which is 
without a PPA? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
The current operating capacity is 15.25 GW, and as Mr. Dilip Jha 
mentioned, we are currently executing 1.6 gigawatt capacity at Mahan is 
good to get commissioned by FY 27-28. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Does it have any PPA for this 1.6? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes, it has a PPA for close to 83% of the total capacity of 1.6 GW. Now, 
another plan which CFO spoke about is Raigarh brownfield expansion, 
where, as he also mentioned briefly in his speech, some DISCOMs have 
invited bids for PPAs and some more will come. . I am sure when our plan 
finally fructifies, more bids for PPAs will come and we will wait for that, 
and if at all we are not successful bidders, as you know, the open and 
merchant spot market has been very strong, and we can go for either of 
the two options that is the spot market, merchant market, or we can tie 
those capacities also in the short-term or medium-term PPAs. 
Puneet Gulati: 
But what would be your preference, a long-term PPA or a medium-term 
PPA? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We will keep a balance, but largely it has to be a long-term PPA. 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. And just following up on this, if I may, NTPC, for example, already 
has some old signed PPAs which it will revive, and Coal India also is not 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
talking about new thermal plants. Do you think there is enough demand 
for a non-Coal India, non-NTPC kind of DISCOMs who will sign PPAs? Is 
there enough demand for thermal sites? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Absolutely. Mr. Jha spoke about the thermal capacity to go up to 80-85 
gigawatts and I think there is enough scope for the absorption of the 
capacity which will get added. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. That’s helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Bernstein. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Firstly good set of numbers, good 
to see that. In terms of merchant capacity expansion, it seems like an 
excellent strategy for the coming few years. But beyond that, do you see 
a risk of limited offtake as batteries pick up, pump storage comes online 
and excess solar generation is there in the afternoon? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We are not going so aggressively. Currently, we know that there are some 
bids for PPAs that are being invited and we are in the state of 
preparedness. 
It's not that the entire capacity that we'll be building will remain 
merchant. So, we'll go step by step, we'll have clarity and then we'll go 
further on that, but as we speak right now besides Mahan, where a PPA 
is already in place for 83% of the capacity, for Raigarh, , we are looking at 
the opportunities and we'll try to tie up the capacity under long term 
PPAs. But for some reason it doesn't happen, as CFO mentioned in his 
speech, we have options to go in the open market as well as medium term 
markets. 
Nikhil: 
Got it. The second question I had was good to see the realization in the 
merchant market above INR6 for the Jan to March quarter, but when you 
look at the price in the power exchange for Jan to March they were quite 
a bit lower than that. Would it be fair to assume that a bulk of the sale in 
the merchant or the short term market happens through bilateral 
agreements rather than the exchange? And is it a similar expectation for 
the April to June quarter as well? 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Shailesh Sawa: 
As far as Q4 is concerned, yes, your assumption is right, but in future we'll 
have to see. 
Nikhil: 
Got it. That's helpful. And the third question I had was regarding the 
inorganic opportunities that you were referring to Coastal Energen and 
Lanco Amarkantak, would the company be looking to explore other big 
ones like KSK Mahanadi etc as well if the process for them moves ahead? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes we do keep evaluating the various opportunities which are coming in 
the market and the basis of our analysis and the price at which they are 
available, we'll go for them, but nothing specific about any project. The 
opportunities come we evaluate and then take a call whether to go for 
them or not. 
Nikhil: 
Thank you. Those were my questions. 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akhilesh Bhandari from 
Millennium Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So, firstly on the fuel cost. So, 
the average fuel cost per unit in this period was 3.33 per unit. Considering 
the current spot prices as well as the inventory which you already have 
at the plant, is there a scope for further reduction as compared to this 
level or is it expected to broadly remain the same? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
See, we have three sources of coal, actually. One is under the long-term 
FSAs what we have against the PPAs. Secondly, e-auctions and third is 
imported fuel. These are the three sources. So, as far as FSAs, long-term 
FSAs are concerned in fact that price is driven by CIL and once in a few 
years they do have an escalation, but we don't see any steep increase in 
that.  
Auction coal depends on basically demand and supply and as far as 
imported coal is concerned we have seen the prices softening up in the 
last 15 months or so. And we believe that it will eventually settle at $90, 
$100 per ton. So, we don't expect any further significant reduction in 
this. And for a substantial part of our PPAs we have a coal cost pass-
through. So, to some extent, it does not really affect us in case there is 
any movement in the fuel price. 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
Yes, I was just trying to understand from the merchant profitability 
standpoint. So, secondly, what about the prior period revenue? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Let me further add as far as merchant goes, most of our plants are near 
the pithead. So, we have a substantial saving in transportation cost and 
that gives us a good advantage. 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
Got it. Sir, from looking at the prior period revenue so how much of the 
prior period revenue which we have booked till now, how much of that 
has already – the cash is already coming from the DISCOMs? How much 
is left? And is there any matter which has been referred to the higher 
authorities or everything is now done? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
As far as FY23-24 is concerned, the one-time amount that was 
recognized is INR9,322 crores. And over a period of time whatever 
amount has been recognized in the books of accounts has by and large 
been realized and we don't expect any large amount further to be 
received or to be recognized in the books of accounts. 
There are a few issues which are currently under various regulatory 
forums, but I don't see that affecting us significantly. 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
But the cash is already being received that would be a fair assessment? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes we don't have any large amount outstanding from any of the 
DISCOMs in terms of the any past regulatory receivables. 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
And sir sorry if I missed this if you had mentioned this earlier, but 
currently what is the capacity quantum which is not tied up on the long-
term PPA and if you can give some color on the short-term contracts 
which you have, which are already ongoing for the next maybe couple of 
quarters or for the summer quarter? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We don't generally share this information because we look at this basis 
the entire integrated revenue model. And some of it has been already 
given in the PPT which was uploaded on the website. Open capacity now 
that is untied, is about 2.1 GW. 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
And sir when is the supply expected to begin under the PPA which we 
have tied up with Reliance? 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Most likely in this month itself. 
Akhilesh Bhandari: 
Okay understood. Thank you. That were my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So sir we have witnessed a new - so we just had a new tariff order in 
FY24. So, are there any benefits in terms of cost savings? And if there 
are any then what is the quantum of it? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Which tariff order are you talking about? 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, the tariff order, the CERC tariff order? 
Nishit Dave: 
Nikhil, Nishit here, are you talking about the five-year period tariff order? 
So, that actually is the order for the tariff control period. And what was 
your question regarding that. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, are there any opportunities for increased cost savings as per the new 
regulations and if there are any what is the quantum of it? If you have 
any estimate? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
No, there are no such any implication. 
Nishit Dave: 
Nikhil, we only have the Udupi PPA with Karnataka which is 1080 
megawatts that is under section 62 to which this applies and there we 
are still actually in the previous tariff control period. The true-up related 
work is yet to be done and after that the current tariff period implication 
will start. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir you mentioned about your capacity targets of around 24 
gigawatts. So, what is the timeline for this target? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
See, this has two components, organic and inorganic both. As far as 
inorganic growth is concerned as you know, NCLT approval maybe 
coming in some time for Coastal and Amarkantak, where - we have 
already got the LOI and we are expecting the NCLT order soon.  
So, these are already within this number. And the Brownfield expansion 
at Raigarh which is currently we just started working on it and Mahan 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
phase two where the implementation only started about three months 
back.  
Such expansion will take about three and a half years to four years or so 
and accordingly we will reach this capacity. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And the Mahan 2 what will be the total capex for this project? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Mahan Phase-II’s total capex is INR13,500 crores. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And so, all the ordering for this plant is done? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes major packages have been ordered, including BTG with BHEL. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir you mentioned that the Godda receivables are substantially 
reduced after the stabilization, so if you can mention the exact actual 
numbers? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes, the outstanding range is just over three and a half or four months, 
i.e. close to about four months, and the current outstanding which is due 
is about close to around USD400 million or so.  
And in fact happy to inform you that in last two months, we have received 
substantial amount and the receivables have come down significantly 
now. In this month alone, we have received USD136 million as against our 
monthly billing of USD90 million. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
33 we have received against the billing of 90 or 19? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
No, on an average monthly billing is about USD90 million And this month 
alone we have received about USD136 million and the inflow has gained 
momentum now because initially they had to set up certain processes 
and other procedures and take necessary approvals. Now that SOP is in 
place, going forward we do not expect this amount to further pile up. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you. And I will get back in the queue.  
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Puneet Gulati 
from HSBC. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. Thank you so much. My question is on this new PPA tie-up that you 
have done with Reliance. How should one think about the economics of 
the same? Is it a fixed ROE kind of project for you or is there a room to 
make higher margins in certain circumstances? Can you talk about it? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Let it get operational. Let it get started by end of the month. In Q1 we 
should give you the complete details about it. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from 
Iwealth. Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Congrats for a good set of numbers. One data point I was just 
requiring that. What is our capex plan for FGD in the current year? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
See, the FGD orders for all capacities have been placed now and the 
timeline to complete this is December ’26. Depending upon the 
requirement of the EPC contractor, the funds will be released. Also, it is 
very important that we have a full clarity about the cost recovery. We are 
all ready to implement the projects.  
 
Capex requirement will be as per the progress made by the EPC 
contractor and in terms of our contract with them, they are required to 
execute the entire order by June 26 or Q2 of FY26-27. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And, sir, any ballpark capex for one megawatt? Is there any ballpark 
number to it? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
It depends and varies from project to project. It has a huge range actually. 
So, it will be misleading if I say INR60 lakh per megawatt or INR30 lakh 
per megawatt or INR1.1 crore, per megawatt. It depends on project to 
project. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  
Shailesh Sawa: 
Ladies and gentlemen if there are no further questions then one point I 
would like to highlight at the end. 

 
 
Adani Power Limited
 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions I would now like to hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes. Thank you for the questions and interest in the company. Before we 
close, I would like to highlight one point. In the print media and on the 
net one thing what has been reported is that our profit for the last 
quarter, i.e. Q4 this year as compared to the previous year has come down 
by about 47% which is actually not fully correct, and needs to be 
explained because if you look at the profit before tax for Q4 FY23 we had 
a profit of INR898 crores as against profit before tax for Q4 FY24 which 
was Rs. 3,558 crore, clocking a growth of 296%.  
Now, the profit for this year is on a steady state, but last year in Q4 of 
FY23 because of the effect of amalgamation of six subsidies with Adani 
Power Limited, there were certain provisions which got reversed, and 
that was to the tune of INR4,325 crores. So, in Q4 FY23 the profit before 
tax of INR898 crores went further up after reversal of these provisions 
to INR5,242 crores which is not a cash item but it was only a book entry, 
required because of the effect of the merger.  
So, this point, I thought I must drive home that number of the profit 
number of this year is very high, but because of only the one-time 
adjustment of INR4,345 crores the net profit of Q4 FY23 looked higher. 
So, I thought I will take this opportunity to clarify this and in case you 
have any further doubts about it, any clarification if you want we are 
happy to answer.  
Thank you so much for your interest and we look forward to speaking to 
you, interacting with you in Q1 next year. Thank you so very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
