 
 
Ref: Sec/SE/58/2024-25 
May 30,2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
 Scrip Code: 531213 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: MANAPPURAM 
 
Dear Madam/Sir 
 
Sub: Concall Transcript of the Q4FY24 Results Conference Call held on May 24,2024 
With reference to the above, kindly note that the transcript of Q4 results Conference Call 
held on May 24,2024 has been uploaded on the website of the Company in the below 
Link. 
 
https://www.manappuram.com/investor-call 
 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
 
For Manappuram Finance Limited 
   
 
Manoj Kumar V R 
Company Secretary 
     
 
MANOJKUM
AR V R
Digitally signed by MANOJKUMAR V R 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=3934, 
pseudonym=c5f23f7795104ee39aca7608fa2c68e0, 
2.5.4.20=f0bfb67ed6f83c3b9ef797beb0fd2aea41840b347cc4091
3daf5c810c6217107, postalCode=680581, st=Kerala, 
serialNumber=ec0b07b2d06a85987aa84d48d23761b1c13f03d66
989437cb6348bc1a592cc87, cn=MANOJKUMAR V R 
Date: 2024.05.30 09:16:35 +05'30'

Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“Manappuram Finance Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 24, 2024 
 
 
       
 
 
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VP NANDAKUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
DR. SUMITHA NANDAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MS. BINDU A.L. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. RAVEENDRA BABU – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 
MR. RAJESH NAMBOODIRIPAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 
MR. KAMAL PARMAR – HEAD, VEHICLE AND 
EQUIPMENT FINANCE – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUVEEN P.S. – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
MANNAPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 
MR. ROBIN KARUVELY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANNAPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 
MR. BASAVARAJ SHETTY – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
AND HEAD IR - ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHIJIT TIBREWAL – MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the 
Manappuram Finance Limited Q4 and FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand 
the conference over to Abhijit Tibrewal with Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Yes. Thank you, Ryan. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to 
the conference call to discuss the Q4 FY '24 results of 
Manappuram Finance. We have the senior management team 
of Manappuram Finance with us today represented by Mr. 
V.P. Nandakumar, MD and CEO; Dr. Sumitha Nandan, 
Executive Director; Ms. Bindu A.L., Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. B.N. Raveendra Babu, MD of Asirvad Microfinance; Mr. 
Rajesh Namboodiripad, CFO of Asirvad Microfinance; Mr. 
Basavaraj Shetty, Senior VP and Head IR, Asirvad, 
Microfinance; Mr. Kamal Parmar, who is heading the Vehicle 
and Equipment Finance business; Mr. Suveen P.S., CEO of 
Manappuram Home Finance; and Mr. Robin Karuvely, CFO, 
Manappuram Home Finance. 
 
With these opening remarks, I hand over the call to Mr. V.P. 
Nandakumar for his opening remarks, post which we will kind 
of start with the Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It 
gives me immense pleasure to welcome you all to the 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
conference call for the fourth quarter, FY '24 financials. India 
continues to maintain growth momentum despite global 
uncertainties and has just entered the USD5 trillion market 
capitalization club, inclusion in global bond index will 
provide stability to forex and bond markets. And this strong 
economic performance is a huge confidence booster for all 
business establishments. And it is against this backdrop that I 
present our Q4 financial results. 
 
The outlook for NBFC sector looks promising. According to 
a 2023 report by CAFRAL, an RBI-funded think tank, NBFCs 
and fintechs are the primary drivers of credit demand from the 
younger cohort and they accounted for 70% of lending to 
those aged below 35. As India is poised to reap a huge 
demographic dividend until 2050, NBFCs have a great 
opportunity to continue tapping this segment and expand their 
credit portfolio. This will be supplemented by the 
opportunities provided by increased formalization and 
urbanization. This quarter, we achieved good growth in both 
AUM and profit, which is symptomatic of a strong traction 
achieved by us in the last mile delivery. 
I'm happy to share that we recorded a net profit of INR564 
crores with an improvement of 35.7% year-on-year driven by 
profitability in gold loans and microfinance. Gold loan AUM 
stands at INR21,500 crores, an improvement of 8.9% over the 
year ago quarter and 3.6% sequentially. While standalone 
AUM at INR28,679 crores grew by 17.4% year-on-year, the 
consolidated AUM is INR42,070 crores recording an increase 
of 18.7% over the year ago quarter. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
Asset quality in the standalone book has been contained below 
2% while we posted an ROA of 4.9% for the quarter, which 
is an improvement of 60 bps year-on-year. We are also 
pursuing a strategy of diversifying our funding mix by 
reducing dependence on bank borrowings and opted for dollar 
bonds with this objective. 
 
At Manappuram, we take utmost care to comply with all the 
RBI guidelines. Our approach is no different with respect to 
the INR20,000 cash limit in disbursal. It is applicable to all 
NBFCs. We are the pioneers in online gold loans and digital 
mode of disbursement is hassle-free and saves a lot of time. 
We have the infrastructure and knowhow and the same is 
implemented from 8th May 2024. 
 
The company's microfinance subsidiary, Asirvad has posted 
an AUM of INR11,881 crores, showing a growth of 18% 
year-on-year and a profit of INR458 crores, which marks a 
growth of 105% from the previous financial year. The share 
of microfinance in the overall profit pie is set to go further up 
in the days to come. 
 
Like in the previous quarters, we continue to post maximum 
growth in the vehicle finance business recording 69% increase 
year-on-year with an AUM of INR4,111 crores followed by 
home loans with an AUM of INR1,510 crores. This being, a 
37.8% increase over the corresponding quarter in FY '23. 
 
We are keeping a close watch over the affordable housing 
segment, where we see a lot of potential. The share of non-
gold business now stands at 49% of the total assets under 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
management. And this is very much in line with our 
diversification strategy. 
 
The upcoming full union budget is expected to spell out 
further measures to propel these sectors forward. We are 
confident of achieving both top line and bottomline growth as 
we continue to maintain comfortable liquidity. 
 
For more comprehensive review of our financial performance, 
I hand over the floor to our CFO Ms. Bindu A.L. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining 
us for the discussion of our Q4 results. As you are aware, 
Asirvad Microfinance filed its DRHP on October 5, 2023. We 
request our participants to restrict their questions on Asirvad 
to the published numbers. 
 
Now coming to the operational overview. Our consolidated 
AUM for Q4 FY '24 was INR42,070 crores, representing 
4.2% sequential growth and 18.7% Y-o-Y growth. 
Consolidated profit after tax was INR563 crores, which was 
slightly down Q-on-Q and up by 35.7% Y-o-Y. Consolidated 
profit after tax for the year was INR2,197 crores, up by 46.5% 
Y-o-Y. ROE on a consolidated basis was 20% and ROA was 
4.9 percentage. Our leverage is currently only 2.9x. GNPA is 
at 1.93 percentage versus 1.99 percentage during the previous 
quarter. 
 
With regard to liquidity, cash and cash equivalents stand at 
INR3,181 crores and undrawn bank lines of INR6,000 crores 
as on 31st March 2024. Our CP exposure is 4 percentage in 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
the standalone entity. The borrowing cost has gone up by 16 
basis points in Q4 FY '24. 
 
Talking about the gold loan business, which is 51.1 
percentage of consolidated AUM, the AUM stands at 
INR21,500 crores, up by 3.6 percentage Q-on-Q and up by 8.9 
percentage Y-o-Y. During the quarter, we were able to add 
4.13 lakh new customers and our average LTV is at 58 
percentage, which is well below the peer group. The online 
book accounts for 57 percentage of the total gold loan book. 
 
Standalone PAT was INR428 crores, which is up by 2.6 
percentage. If we adjust for the dividend of INR15 crores from 
the subsidiary in Q3 FY '24, our standalone PAT for the year 
was INR1,658 crores, up by 30.9 percentage Y-o-Y. 
 
Coming to Asirvad Microfinance, the AUM stands at 
INR11,881 crores, including the gold loan of INR890 crores, 
which is up by 3 percentage Q-on-Q and 18 percentage Y-o-
Y. PAT for the quarter is INR102 crores. And for the year, 
INR458 crores compared to INR223 crores in FY '23. Net 
NPA stands at 1.71 percentage, with a CRAR of 22.79 
percentage. In vehicle finance business, we have reported an 
AUM of INR4,111 crores, which is up by 14.3 percentage Q-
on-Q and up by 69.1 percentage Y-o-Y. Our GNPA is at 2.9 
percentage as on 31st March 2024. 
 
The home loan business had a total book of INR1,510 crores, 
which is up by 6.7 percentage Q-on-Q and up by 37.8 
percentage Y-o-Y. It operates from 65 branches and reported 
a profit of INR7.1 crores during this quarter. Collection 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
efficiency for the quarter was 98 percentage and GNPA at 2.4 
percentage. 
 
Loans to MSME and Allied was INR2,908 crores with a 
disbursement of INR310 crores. Collection efficiency is at 
100 percentage and GNPA of 1.7 percentage versus 1.5 
percentage. On lending to NBFCs, the book stands at INR989 
crores with a disbursal of INR130 crores with an ROA of 5 
percentage for this business. 
 
The Board has declared an interim dividend of INR1 for this 
quarter. Our capital position is strong at 30.6 percentage 
CRAR and the consolidated net worth at INR11,548 crores 
and the book value of INR136 crores. 
 
Thank you. Now we can go for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. We will now begin the 
question and answer session. Our first question is from the 
line of Shubhranshu Mishra with PhilipCapital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Given the fact that we have moved from the cash 
disbursement totally, and we are doing mostly disbursement 
via RTGS or NEFT, now this data becomes available to the 
bank as well to whom we are doing the disbursement. So, we 
are opening up those customer profiles to the banks as well. 
So could you think that there could be some attrition because 
of this. This is one. 
 
Second is when we look at the non-online gold customers, the 
ticket size is fairly increasing so maybe online gold customers 
who are basically repeat customers where we are seeing the 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
ticket size increase. But if we split that and we look at the 
average ticket size of non-online gold customers, the ticket 
size is hovering at INR141,000 ballpark. So these are my two 
questions. There are a couple of data questions which I'll come 
back after these ones are answered. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So, your questions are all about cash disbursals 
stopping at INR20,000. So we are fully compliant about that 
from the 8th of this month and we are disbursing loans of 
INR20,000 and above that only into the bank account or 
through online gold loan mode. We don't see any business 
impact because of that because, most of the customers have 
their bank accounts now, Jan-Dhan account or other accounts. 
And 80% of the customers who are regular, we have intimated 
them that for availing the loan, they should bring bank account 
details and they are complying with that. So, after that, we 
have seen an increase in the online gold loan. Now it stands at 
63% and it is increasing daily. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: And with that, will we not open up data to the banks? 
Can we see customer attrition because the banks will be able 
to see these transactions? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
We have been offering online gold loan for a long time 
and we don't see customer poaching by the banks. Because 
there is a high degree of customer loyalty. So we see a 
reasonably good growth even after implementation of this. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Second question, sir, on the non-online gold average 
ticket sale. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
See the non-online gold loans are below INR20,000. 
So, for such customers, we can disburse cash. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: No sir, what I meant is that the ticket size is not 
increasing over the last couple of quarters, I think that is 
around INR41,000. So, what is the reason for that? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
See, the customers borrow money if they are confident 
of repayments. The customers have in mind while taking a 
loan that they have to repay the loan within a period of 
maximum of 100 days. So, with increase in price, we can't 
expect growth in the ticket size. So gradually, every year, we 
will see increase in ticket size by around INR10,000, 
INR15,000 average ticket size. So that will continue. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: And towards the data point. One is what is the accrued 
interest as of fourth quarter and last quarter gone by and what 
is the AUM split of less than INR1 lakh to INR5 lakh and 
more than INR5 lakh? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Interest accrued is 5.3 percentage as on 31st of March. 
V.P. Nandakumar: Upto INR1 lakh 44 percentage and from INR1 lakh to INR3 
lakh is 34 percentage, balance above INR3 lakh is 22 
percentage. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: What was the accrued interest last quarter? 
A. L. Bindu: 
It was 4.5%. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: And auction this quarter? 
A. L. Bindu: 
INR76 crores. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Sure. Thank you. I will come back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta 
with Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Hi, good evening. Congrats on good quarter. Sir, firstly on this 
impact on restrictions on cash disbursements while you spoke 
about not seeing any long business impact, but since when the 
restriction has come, what has been the impact on a daily 
disbursement run rate? How much our daily disbursement run 
rate has fallen by? And in the longer term wouldn't we see any 
structural customer loss customers going back to informal 
players if some of the customers are not willing to share the 
bank details? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
So, suddenly we see the growth improving after the 
introduction of these changes. The reason could be, we 
assume, many other players in the NBFC industry, 
particularly the small ones, may not be ready with this online 
gold loan whereas during the last five years we have made that 
route very robust and around 60% of the customers even 
before that have become online gold loan customers. 
 
So, maybe because of that, after the implementation, the 
growth has only improved. And long term, I don't see any 
challenge because of that because this is applicable to all the 
regulated entities. So, we don't lose any level playing field 
because of that. So, we don't expect any negative fallout 
because of implementation of the new regulation with regard 
to cash disbursement. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Got it. And now sir, the impact of higher gold price. So gold 
prices have gone up significantly. So how do you see this 
benefiting our growth in the next two quarters. See if you look 
at our LTV, the LTVs have fallen to 58%. So, if you can tell 
us your expectation, where would the LTV settle in the next 
one, two quarters? Would it go back to 65%, 63% because of 
customers availing the benefit of higher gold prices. Can you 
comment on the positive effect of higher gold prices in your 
growth? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
So, I consider that to be more or less benign and there 
will be a slight growth there. Because as I mentioned earlier, 
the customer who pledges has always thought about this cash 
flow. The average life as I mentioned remains around 100 
days. In spite of the gold price going up, going down, this 
remains like that. 
 
So they will not simply avail because of the gold price has 
gone up. Normally a customer comes with multiple 
ornaments. If they want a smaller amount, they come with one 
bangle. If they want more, they bring two bangles or some 
other smaller ornaments. 
 
So, when the gold price goes up, they bring lesser quantity of 
gold. They don’t simply avail a bigger amount simply because 
of that. That is why when the gold price goes up, the average 
LTV goes down, but only around 10% of the customers avail 
that full duration of one year. For them, sometimes for 
renewal that also for around 5%, 6% temporarily they may 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
take the advantage of higher LTV because of the gold price 
growth. So, the impact is very minimal. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And just one last question on the employee expenses. 
Sir, in the standalone financials your employee expenses has 
been trending flat over the last four quarters, five quarters 
while we see strong growth being reported in the non-gold 
business side. So can you explain this? Has there been a 
reduction in employee count and if yes in which business the 
employee count is going down. And how should we look at 
employee number growing from here on and the employee 
cost growth in FY '25? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
Why it is increasing in the non-gold business? See, non-
gold business is co-located with the gold loan business. 
Various opportunities are there, but we extended non-gold 
business to the extent of around 20% only. So, our expansion 
of distribution of non-gold products through the gold loan 
branches is very high, but we are taking a very careful step in 
expanding that, understanding the asset quality, etc in these 
places. 
 
As I said, we are expanding the non-gold business across the 
gold loan branches. That is the reason why the headcount is 
increasing in non-gold business. In gold loan business, there 
had been some rationalization, wherever we have seen 
number of employees hire, etc. Employee rationalization is 
also because of more online gold loan activity. So the 
employee count in gold loan segment has come down while 
in non-gold, we are slowly expanding our footprints. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Got it sir. Thank you and best of luck.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shreepal 
Doshi with Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreepal Doshi: Hi, sir. Good evening and thank you for giving me the 
opportunity. Sir my question was pertaining to one of the key 
players in the landscape being impacted by the regulator’s 
action. But can you quantify the benefit to us in terms of 
customer addition and tonnage, because optically, it seems 
like there has not been any significant benefit on both these 
fronts? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
Yes, one of the gold loan players  and their business is 
impacted but we haven’t much benefited out of that but we 
are getting a reasonable growth even before they were 
impacted, and that continues. So, we expect a robust growth 
in gold loan also in the coming quarters. 
Shreepal Doshi: Second question was if you could give us some color on the 
online customer split with respect to below INR1 lakh... 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
Online customers, the profile is the same. Profile is the 
same because the advantage of gold loan is that they have to 
visit the branch only once. Then they can transact this 
account, more or less like an out of branch facility. But if they 
have some amount, they can remit to that and whenever they 
require money, they can take it back from anywhere in the 
world, 24 hours. 
 
So, on seeing this facility, for example, INR10,000 gold loan, 
somebody takes INR10,000. Then after 20 days, he can remit 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
INR2,000. Then whenever he has the requirement, he can 
avail whatever is the gap there as per the LTV on that day. So 
this advantage is there. Because of this advantage more and 
more people are using that. It is not because the profile of the 
customer is changing. It is because of the advantage of the 
product. 
 
We have also introduced another scheme. If some customer is 
unable to come to the branch because of any reason, whereas 
he is in need of money, we deliver that service at their 
doorstep. We go there, do all the KYC process, all the 
processes with regard to onboarding. Then the disbursals are 
done online. All these are done. So, it has become a very 
attractive product. So, the popularity is increasing and that is 
working seamless as far as we are concerned. 
Shreepal Doshi: Got it sir, but my question was, like how we gave the split for 
below INR1 lakh, INR1 lakh to INR3 lakh and above INR3 
lakh for the overall gold loan book. Could we provide the 
same for this online gold loan book? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
Yes. It is irrespective of the amount. Whatever is the 
amount, even for INR10,000. Many customers are availing 
online even though the cash disbursals are possible. Because 
it is like a credit card. Only when they avail, which can be 
done from anywhere, even for merchandise, it's very 
convenient. So, whatever amount they want, that's immaterial 
here. 
Shreepal Doshi: Okay. I'll take that number maybe offline. So just the last 
question on the MFI front. what is the PAR zero for this 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
particular business that we are seeing over the last two, three, 
quarters has been trending, the PAR zero number for the MFI 
business? And just one more observation here, the credit cost 
continues to be elevated here, even the GNPAs are elevated. 
So could you just throw some light on this? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
We have some problems in some states like Punjab, 
Rajasthan, etc. So, there we have reinforced collection 
machinery. And we hope the collections will improve going 
forward. 
Shreepal Doshi: Okay. So the PAR number are elevated because of these 2 
states particularly or across states for our MFI exposure? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
PAR number is slightly elevated, that's why there was 
some impact on the profitability. But we have strengthened 
the collection machinery and it has started working. And 
hopefully, going forward it will improve. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line Pratik Chheda with 
Guardian Capital Partners. 
Pratik Chheda: 
I just want to continue on the asset quality point. Even if I see 
the MSME segment, the GNPAs have risen from around 1.5% 
in last year to around 2.8% despite the more than 50% AUM 
increase. And you've mentioned that most of it is looking like 
it is coming from a digital PL. First of all, could you just help 
us quantify what the GNPAs are there in the digital personal 
loan segment? 
 
Secondly, is there any strategy -- is there any change in 
strategy that you're looking at, given that this segment is 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
looking fairly volatile. And with a yield of around 26% in the 
unsecured PL, is the segment currently profitable? 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
See the unsecured PL or the digital pure personal loan, 
that the disbursals have been brought down by tightening the 
underwriting process there. So, the disbursals are low. So, it 
is coming from the old accounts. In MSME, there was some 
delay in collection on account of these elections happening, 
etc. But last quarter... 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes, it was 1.5%, increased to 1.7%. And if you see the digital 
personal loan in the overall ratio mix, it has come down to 9 
percentage. Because of the higher delinquency, we have 
tightened the underwriting. So, the proportion also has come 
down in the digital PL. 
Pratik Chheda: 
So if I just include that 9% in the base and take that 1.1% 
differential GNPA your digital personal loan GNPA is around 
12%. Is the math around looks fine? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
The digital personal loan is very less 
A. L. Bindu: 
It is very small only. In the total AUM, it is only 1 percentage 
of even in the stand-alone book. In the consol book, it is 0.7%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Bunty Chawla with IDBI. 
Bunty Chawla: 
My questions have been answered just fine. So you have 
achieved around 18.7% AUM growth on a consolidation 
basis. What will be the cost FY '25 basis between AUM for 
gold loan and for the overall? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
V.P. Nandakumar: 
Well, what we have been talking about is a CAGR of 
20% and ROE of 20%. We delivered at around nearly 19% in 
the recent consol ROE. So we hope it would continue. So, 
from what it appears now, the share of our gold loan will 
improve. 
Bunty Chawla: 
So, in overall basis you are saying gold loan percentage will 
improve. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
At least that is the trend we see and talking about the 
standby, it's a similar, CAGR of 20%. 
Bunty Chawla: 
And sir, secondly, we have seen on a stand-alone basis, there 
has been an increase in the cost of borrowing. How is one to 
see now for the FY '25 and significant margins? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes, after this risk weight increase, every rollover we are 
increasing our borrowing. And to have diversification and 
better liability profile, we did the Dollar Bond, but it comes at 
a slightly higher cost. So, there will be an increase in the cost 
of it, but at the same time, it is going on gold loan at 22% 
yield, and that is the reason it will not impact the profitability. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. So, can we say the margins should sustain at this level 
for next year as well? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
There could be a slight dip in the net interest margin, 
but it will be overcome because of better growth. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Specifically for gold loan, what is the guidance for the next 
year? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you. We have lost the line of the 
management. Please stay connected. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we have the management line connected with us. Bunty, if 
you could please ask your question once again. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Sir, lastly, as you said there, there could be an inch up in the 
gold loan. So any specific guidance for the gold loan AUM 
growth, are we revising it? 
Management: 
Marginal decline can be expected. But we expect that to be 
compensated with a better growth so our objective of 
reporting ROE of 20% will not be affected with this. We are 
hopeful of maintaining the same ROE during the current year 
also. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhaval from Mumbai 
DSP. 
Dhaval: 
Sir, just one question on growth that I think I missed your 
combination on growth expecting for next year, did you 
mention that next year, you expect gold loan growth to be 
higher than overall loan growth and overall growth is 20% is 
that? I just want to confirm that. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So, there’s a follow-up question of the previous 
question on price. Because the audibility is a little weak. Is it 
the same? 
Dhaval: 
Is my voice clear now, sir? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
Yes. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Dhaval: 
See what I said is, there is a slight shrinkage as far as revenue 
is concerned. But that is not a cause of concern for us because 
we expect that will be compensated with a better growth. So 
we are expecting to report an ROE of 20% next year also. 
Dhaval: 
Okay. So basically, growth will be higher than 20% in gold 
loan. Is that what you're trying to understand? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
You see judging from the current trends, we expect 
robust growth in roll-on. That could be better than last year. 
The other segments are also expected to grow healthy. 
Dhaval: 
Okay. And sir, just one last thing in terms of credit cost for 
the MFI business and overall on a consolidated basis, could 
you give some perspective of credit cost that you expect in the 
MFI business sense for buyback? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So, the collection has been strengthened and we have 
see an improvement in collection, yes, week-on-week. So, we 
expect the credit cost going down in the coming quarters. 
Dhaval: 
From four to 11. From clear basis. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So, it is going down already. It is improving on a 
regular basis. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari with 
Unique PMS. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari: First question. Given this change below 20,000, no more cash 
disbursement. Any change in behaviour from customers? I 
mean, they were talking between that they may go back to 
money lenders? Anything that you can highlight? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So see, please see the growth is not affected. In fact, the 
growth has only improved, we believe that it will pass and the 
NBFC space is not being impacted. We don't see the new 
customers or total disbursals coming down. It has only 
improved. 
Pratik Kothari: Correct. And sir, how much was the turnaround time changed 
now from earlier? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
See even before this, 60% of loan disbursals were 
through online gold loan. So, it is improving regularly. And 
we don't see much of a change. 
Pratik Kothari: Correct. So the auction surplus which we wanted to bring 
down and expansion of branch network? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So, the Rs 48 crore was the accrual over the last 15 
years. So we have employed many other measures including 
different agencies etc., for repayment and that is the end 
result. It has been brought down now to around INR14 crores 
from INR48 crores and we have informed RBI about that and 
we hope that we'll get permission to open more branches with 
this. We continue our efforts and we are able to reduce by 
around INR2 crores every quarter. 
Pratik Kothari: And my last question on MFI. Can you highlight what are the 
issues that we are seeing in Punjab and Rajasthan is affecting 
our profitability. And I believe this is also affecting our 
growth because at the beginning of the year, we had expected 
much faster growth, which is not coming. So is it specific to 
Punjab and Rajasthan Or is this something else? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
And so now you'll see a considerable improvement in 
the business in the coming quarters as well as improvement in 
the collection efficiency. We are seeing that now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rohit Shah 
with Ladderup Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Shah: 
Hi, Thank you for the opportunity. I think all my questions 
have been answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav 
from Capital Farming Consultants. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: 
I have 2 questions. First is in terms of our capital allocation 
strategy. Manappuram Finance is a parent entity. Now since 
we are in a way, bringing the IPO of Ashirvad Microfinance. 
So capital department of Ashirvad Microfinance will be 
funded so the money that you raise by the IPO and whatever 
way in that Ashirvad will require? So now considering in 
Manappuram Finance on a quarterly basis, earnings were 
around on the back, INR400 crores to INR425 crores, which 
has been the trend for the last 3, 4 quarters. 
 
That translates into somewhere around INR1,600 crores to 
INR1,700 crores annually right? And our capital adequacy is 
currently approximately 30%, 31%. So to improve our return 
on equity, what would be the capital allocation strategy of 
management? Is it in terms of giving more money back to 
shareholders, doing buybacks because growth I don't think so 
we are targeting around 20% to 25% annual growth in the 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
stand-alone Manappuram Finance. That is the first question 
on the capital allocation strategy. 
 
Second thing, Looking at the shareholding pattern of Asirvad 
Microfinance, which has been disclosed via the papers, which 
have been filed with CD, it has been noticed that the 
promoters of Manappuram Finance got an opportunity to get 
shares in Asirvad Microfinance in their own names, with the 
names of the Manappuram Finance. So in terms of corporate 
governance practices that retail shareholders or the 
institutional shareholders haven't got any opportunity to 
participate in having shares of Ashirvad Microfinance, 
whereas the existing promoter of Manappuram Finance got an 
opportunity to get share at a dirt cheap price in Asirvad 
Microfinance, which will get valued at a much higher price 
than the company at least. These are my 2 questions for which 
I would expect an answer from the management. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
So, the capital allocation strategy policy is designed in 
favour of secured lending. So for us, the only unsecured 
lending is microfinance. So for unsecured lending, our total 
capital allocation plan is around 10%. So, we have done that. 
And the company has a capital adequacy of around 24% now. 
See, then we are preparing ourselves for the IPO and with that 
IPO the company will be able to carry out its operations. The 
second thing is the promoters of Manappuram Finance are not 
participating in any pre-IPO capital investment. Regarding 
institutional investors, the decisions will be taken at 
appropriate time. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Gaurav: 
Sorry, sir, but I think the shareholding pattern, which has been 
disclosed as part of the DRHP. In that, it is clearly seen that at 
the time when the Manappuram Finance acquired the shares 
of Asirvad Microfinance in various rounds. At that point of 
time, the promoters of Manappuram Finance also acquired the 
shares of Asirvad Microfinance. I'm not saying right now in 
the pre-IPO round, but in erstwhile rounds. 
 
Manappuram Finance was acquiring the shares of Asirvad 
family, promoters of Manappuram also acquired shares of 
Asirvad that was the question. And in terms of the capital 
allocation, I was talking about at the parent level because at 
parent level, you will be getting a lot of positive cash flow, I 
would say, in terms of profitability at the Manappuram level. 
At that point of time, how you are planning to invest that 
money judicially so that the return on equity is improved, 
which is hovering at 15% to 16% now. Any plan to take it to 
20% or more than 20% kind of levels? Those ones were 
specifically the questions. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
See, the promoters of Manappuram Finance parent 
company acquired out of the shares abdicated by the original 
shareholders. So whatever is the shortfall at the time of this 
rights issue has been acquired by Manappuram promoters. 
 
The second thing, it's a higher capital adequacy. And as you 
see, as a shortage of effectively using the capital, so we would 
leverage the success etc. So, what is most important for the 
shareholder is good ROE, 20% ROE on a sustainable basis, is 
it not a good ROE? Then how to use the capital? We are 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
expanding to non-gold secured lending also, MSME, vehicle 
etc. As I said, these businesses are allocated where we have 
around 40,000 customers visiting our office, 40,000 to 50,000 
customers visiting our office. 
 
So, distributing these loan products also is an advantage for 
us as our branches are visited by a large number of customers. 
And because of their needs only, we have expanded this 
business laterally. So, as of now, our 20% of the gold loan 
branches are only utilized for the distribution of these non-
gold secured products. So, we are expanding our footprint to 
other branches also slowly. So, we hope we will be able to 
improve upon the capital utilizers. Going forward at the same 
time, as you said, we are giving back also by improving the 
dividend quarter-on-quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take our next question 
from the line of Jigar Jani with B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jigar Jani: 
One data-based question. In the Vehicle Finance, what would 
be your collection efficiency? 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
The GNPA there is around 2.9% and we will be able to 
maintain that below 3% going forward also. The collection 
efficiency is 100 percentage in certain regions. And for us, we 
have given a lot of emphasis for CRM. And around 77% of 
these are collected through the NACH. And balance 23% only 
we need to employ the field staff for collection. We have 
strengthened that also now. So, we hope we can improve upon 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
the asset quality. That is what we are trying to do. Even now 
if we look at our asset quality is better than the peers. 
Jigar Jani: 
The other income in the quarter was significantly lower, 
almost 24 million, if you look at Q3 it was about 176 million 
and even last year it was 130 million. The one-offs captured 
in this other line on the consolidated numbers? 
A. L. Bindu: 
So, the bad debt recovered is what we have included in that. 
So, depending on the write-off, immediate quarters we will 
get a higher amount of collection. That is what we are saying. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay. And lastly, just circling on the credit consolidated 
basis. Any guidance on that one? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Not for this quarter, like all of higher credit cost, micro-
finance business it is almost 1.8 million but once we improve 
the collections because the majority of the credit cost is 
coming from microfinance only in the standalone it is only 
INR28 crores. So once we improve the microfinance 
collection, this will come down where we were talking about 
in 1.5% is credit cost once we improve the collection 
efficiency, this will be in similar range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end 
of the question-and-answer session. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Please go ahead. 
V. P. Nandakumar: 
Thank you all the participants. If there are further 
queries or any clarification of our statements, so we are 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
always available. We welcome you for any queries on this 
result. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The conference of Manappuram Finance has now 
concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
