 
 
 
 
Date: 7th May, 2024 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter financial 
year ended on 31st March, 2024 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Tuesday, 30th April, 2024 on the financial result of the Company 
for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2024. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Vice President (Legal), Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
AJAY PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by AJAY 
PRATAP SINGH 
Date: 2024.05.07 
14:19:02 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY23 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
April 30, 2024 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the 
Q4 & FY24 earnings group conference call. Please note that all participant 
lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this 
call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on mute except 
when asking a question.  
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead.  
Kapil Singh: 
Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q4 FY24 and to answer your 
questions, we have the management team of Sona Comstar. Mr. Vivek 
Vikram Singh, MD & Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr. Sat 
Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline 
Business; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head - Investor Relations; and Mr. Pratik Sachan, 
GM - Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. I will now hand over the call 
to Vivek for his opening remarks and presentation. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil and welcome to the next call of our best quarter ever in 
terms of revenue, EBITDA, net profit, BEV revenue and BEV revenue share. But 
we'll begin as we usually do with the challenges. 
So first, off-highway market in India and the US have been weak and 
production declined further in the last quarter. Tractor sales in both of these 
markets in the last quarter were the lowest since Q1 CY20 or the COVID 
quarter. So given a high market share in this segment, this has affected the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
sales of our differential gears and differential assemblies to this particular 
segment. 
Second, the electric two-wheeler market in India faces uncertainty regarding 
the FAME subsidies. This is impacting the sales of our traction motors. We 
expect this to continue for a few more months till there is some more policy 
certainty.  
Third, the Red Sea crisis continues, and this combined with higher oil prices 
has led to a sharp increase in freight rates. It has impacted our margins last 
quarter and remains a continuing challenge at least for the near term. 
Now the good news and as is usually the case, it far outweighs the bad. We 
achieved our highest ever revenue, EBITDA and net profit. BEV revenue, as 
has been the case, continues to drive our overall growth and its share in 
revenue increased to the highest ever at 32%. In terms of markets, Europe has 
strongly recovered and FY24 was also positive for the US and things continue 
to look good for both of these markets. The Indian market has been mixed 
and will likely remain volatile at least for the first half of this fiscal year. Given 
the strong growth in EV penetration and the decline in internal combustion 
engines in China, what we've decided is that we will repurpose our plant 
there in China, where we will stop making starter motors and focus on making 
other motors like traction motors and suspension motors.  
Coming to NOVELIC, we are pivoting that business from being an engineering 
services led business to a product and semiconductor chip design business. 
To achieve this, we have allocated several billing or billable resources to R&D 
or to new product development projects for which we expect to generate 
revenue in the medium term. As a result, NOVELIC’s profitability may be 
impacted over the next couple of quarters.  
Now we are a product engineering company, so new product development 
is vital to our growth strategy. In FY25, we are also increasing our spending on 
R&D by over 100 basis points. Our teams are working on several exciting high 
potential projects across the three business divisions, and we are certain that 
higher R&D spending is going to help in expediting all the existing projects 
and also allow our teams to work on additional new products.  
Now, before we discuss our performance in detail, we have an important 
announcement to make: Our Group CTO, Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, turned 70 
earlier this year and has informed us of his decision to retire. On our request, 
he has agreed to continue till 31st October and guide us through the transition 
period of succession. Mr. Deshmukh has been integral to our Sona family for 
nearly four decades now and he's been with Sona Comstar for the last eight 
of them. His impact on our technological advancements, on our quality focus 
and on our strategic direction is immeasurable to say the least.  
As we bid farewell to Mr. Deshmukh, we are happy to announce the 
appointment of Mr. Praveen Chakrapani Rao as our new Group CTO. This will 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
be effective from 1st November 2024. Praveen is currently the President and 
Head of the Motor Business R&D and has been groomed for the CTO role by 
Mr. Deshmukh himself for the last two years. Praveen has been associated 
with the company for 24 years and while stepping into Mr. Deshmukh’s shoes 
is nearly impossible, we have every confidence in Praveen's ability to not just 
transition into this role but also put his own stamp on our technology road 
map. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Slide 5: 
Now we proceed to more prosaic matters like numbers. So, in Q4, our 
revenue grew by 19% while the EBITDA and net profit increased by 23% and 
24% respectively. Margins improved due to operational efficiencies and 
product mix, despite considerably higher freight costs. BEV revenue was the 
main driver which grew by 34%, in absolute terms to the highest ever, 273 
crores, while the BEV revenue share increased to an all-time high of 32%.  
Slide 6: 
For the full year, like we do every year, we would like to report our 
performance scorecard as managers to you on our five KRAs: Financials, 
Electrification, Business Development, Diversification and New Product 
Development. 
So, I'll start with the financials, where we continue to do well on all three 
indicators: growth, margins and returns. Our revenue, EBITDA and PAT are up 
by 19%, 30% and 31% respectively. Another year of strong operating 
performance also ensured that ROCE and ROE improved to 31% and 28.5% 
respectively. And one metric that we don't usually speak about much, but 
we have done very strongly on this, is our free cash flows, which Amit will talk 
about in his section in more detail. 
Slide 7: 
Now because our IPO was three years ago and three years also happens to 
be the period of our planning cycle, our product, and our business 
development cycle. So as stewards of this business, we'll be grateful if our 
shareholders better understand the nature of our business and our 
management philosophy and see us in the same three-year cycles like we 
see ourselves in our business. So please indulge me in a thought experiment 
if you will.  
So, imagine that you're a time traveler who met us during our IPO process 
and now has jumped three years forward in time to today. And you notice 
that we have more than doubled on most metrics that we spoke of then, as 
being important to us. Our revenue and EBITDA have doubled while PAT is 2.4 
times higher. We have achieved this by doing both increasing our market 
share in existing products and by adding new products consistently. Our 
battery electric vehicle revenue has grown by 4.3 times in absolute terms 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
because we managed to treble the number of EV customers from 10 to 30 
and EV programs have increased a remarkable 3.6 times from 15 to 54. What 
that means is while we were very concentrated on EV exposure to a few 
customers and programs, today our BEV exposure is truly diversified, across 
customers programs, products, and geographies. We also introduced eight 
new products in just these three years, which have added more than INR 100 
billion to our net order book, which has grown to INR 226 billion from INR 140 
billion at that time. What this shows is our effectiveness in not just making new 
products but getting them to commercial technology readiness and 
converting them to revenue. 
Now because you are a time traveler and you only see these nice results, 
you'd be excused in thinking that the past three years have been extremely 
favorable for the industry and the company has faced zero concerns. 
Slide 8: 
But in reality, most of you are not time travelers and if you have observed us 
over the last three years, you would note that our growth has varied 
significantly from quarter to quarter. And we have achieved this 
performance despite facing multiple headwinds and multiple concerns. 
Some of them were bigger and some of them were smaller.  
We've seen concerns about the COVID pandemic. We've seen concerns 
about ship shortages, Russia-Ukraine conflict, the UAW strike, which all did 
affect us and were meaningful in that time, but they were all temporary and 
eventually they resolved over this time. Similarly, there are current concerns 
such as the Red Sea crisis, uncertainty around FAME and the perceived, I 
would say a slowdown in EV demand, which will also likely only be resolved 
with time and us saying anything is not going to solve them.  
Since our IPO, we've been also addressing questions on margin sustainability 
and rising competitive intensity, this has been one of the most often asked 
questions. And again, I'll say the same thing over the past 25 years since our 
inception, and even as a listed company for the past three years, we have 
maintained an average EBITDA margin of over 26% consistently, while 
continually gaining market share in every product category against strong 
competition all over the world. And 25 years is a pretty long period to prove 
a point. But I guess only time can tell whether we can maintain margins over 
the next 25 years as well. So, I guess this is a question that once again, only 
time will tell.  
Some have expressed concern about the impact of Blackstone's exit and 
now since it has been over a year since their exit, I thought we should address 
it. Now, this is my 10th year with this amazing company and during these 10 
years, we have provided healthy exits to three shareholders: Mitsubishi 
Materials, JM Private Equity and recently Blackstone. Now today we are 
responsible for delivering returns to our public shareholders who have joined 
us during or after the IPO. My duty as the CEO and the management team's 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
duty in their roles is to ensure that the exit of any one shareholder does not 
impact the business or its prospects. And I think this culture of responsibility is 
perhaps our most enduring management ethos and one that is going to 
continue regardless of who owns the shares. 
 
Slide 11:  
Now, coming back to the standard format, our BEV revenue has increased 
from 26% in FY23 to 29% in FY24. In rupee terms it has grown 32% to over INR 
8.8 billion in FY24. The growth in BEV revenue for us has been more than 
double the growth in non-BEV revenue. We also continue to build on our EV 
order book and in Q4, we added one new EV program of size which was to 
supply differential assemblies to an existing customer in North America.  
Overall, in the year, we added 12 new EV programs and four new EV 
customers, which has further grown and diversified our EV order book. So, at 
the end of FY24 we have a total of 27 EV programs in production of which 11 
are mature and have fully ramped up, and the other 16 are in various stages 
of ramping up. The remaining 27 programs are not yet in production and will 
start during this year or the following years. 
Slide 13,14: 
Our next KRA, Business Development, we added INR 51 billion worth of new 
orders during the year. This came from 39 new programs and five new 
customers. As you can see from the chart this year's revenue growth came 
primarily via consumption of INR 40 billion of the order book. Hence, the net 
addition to the order book was INR 11 billion, which obviously neatly brings 
me to a net order book which at the end of FY24 stands at INR 22,600 crores 
or around $2.7 billion. As visible here, almost all our sequential growth in this 
quarter came from the consumption of new orders, while the EV contribution 
to the order book remains high at 79%. 
 
Slide 16: 
On diversification, the trend of increasing electrification and decreasing ICE 
dependence continues as it has for a while. This year, we've seen the ICE 
dependent revenue shares shrink to only 10%. The strong demand recovery 
in Europe means that the revenue share from hybrid and micro-hybrid has 
been higher than the previous year and hybrid, we continue to do well as a 
company on hybrids too. 
 
Slide 17:  
Geographically, North America remains our largest end market, as it has for 
many years. This now contributes 40% to our revenue. Europe was our fastest 
growing market and now contributes 26% of our revenue and India remains 
the second largest market and revenue share is at 28%. The fastest growing 
product segments for us this year have been EV differential assemblies and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
EV traction motors followed by differential gears and this, as you can see, 
reflects in the change in the product mix. The weakness in off highway 
demand that I spoke about earlier has resulted in the share of non-
automotive revenue declining from 12% last year to just 10% this year.  
With this, I come to the end of my part, and I invite our Group CTO, Mr. 
Deshmukh, to update us on technology. Over to you, sir. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Thank you, Vivek. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen.  
 
Slide 19:  
This slide shows our technology roadmap revamped this year to reflect our 
strategic intentions of addressing the E.P.I.C. revolution. This year we 
launched a breakthrough product and integrated motor controller that is 
compact, more-efficient and easy to install. It offers additional benefits such 
as more efficient heat management, advanced communication capabilities 
and reduced winding and connectivity, wiring and connectivity issues.  
This quarter, we have added the Steering Bevel Gear Box, encircled in a 
dotted white circle to our technology road map, as a product we intend to 
commercialize. These Bevel gears are required for commercial vehicles 
where an intermediate shaft cannot directly connect the steering column to 
the steering gear, due to the constraints in the arrangement. Our high-
precision Bevel gears and low friction torque of the gearbox, will provide 
exceptional steering accuracy, driver comfort, and ease of installation on the 
vehicle.  
Together with these 
two new products, 
we have added eight 
groundbreaking products to our technology road map this year. They include 
robotic gears, lightweight differential assemblies, motors for non-auto 
applications, radars for zone monitoring, 360-degree short range applications 
and in-cabin sensing.  
This year, we completed NOVELIC’s acquisition and launched our third 
business vertical, focusing on sensors and software. Our radar technology, 
capable of detecting life presence and optimizing safety applications, 
places us at the forefront of the E.P.I.C. revolution. This move has diversified 
our portfolio, emphasizing our commitment to advancing more intelligent, 
connected and personalized mobility. 
Slide 20: 
Friends, after serving the automotive industry for 49 years and a few months, 
I will superannuate on the 31st of October. While I prepare to end my tenure, 
I feel a mix of nostalgia and gratitude for this challenging yet fulfilling journey. 
38 years ago, when I joined the legendary Dr. Surinder Kapur to set up a 
budding steering systems-making company, little did I imagine that the seeds 
of excellence we were sowing would grow into what is today a company 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
that is helping define the future of mobility. This was possible only because of 
Dr. Kapur’s vision, Mr. Sunjay Kapur’s steadfast commitment to that vision and 
the team's tenacity, hard work and diligence.  
Slide 21: 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
As I say goodbye, I am happy to pass the baton to an able, competent and 
passionate person. 
My successor, Praveen Chakrapani Rao, has over 30 years of experience in 
the automotive industry. He has held leadership positions in business 
development, 
product 
strategy, 
sales 
and 
marketing, 
product 
development, and engineering. He has worked with global product 
development teams and has led the setting up of our three assembly plants 
outside India. He was responsible for building Sona Comstar’s R&D into a 250 
plus strong team delivering cutting-edge EV products to our discerning 
customers. I'm confident that Praveen will carry forward our legacy of 
innovation and leadership. Together, we will ensure a seamless transition, 
upholding our mission and vision for the future. With that introduction, I am 
pleased to present Mr. Praveen Chakrapani Rao to you. 
Praveen C. Rao: 
Thank you, Mr. Deshmukh, for your encouragement, motivation, and 
guidance throughout these years. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, it 
gives me immense pleasure to be here. I thank the management of Sona 
Comstar for considering me for this critical position and for giving me an 
enhanced R&D budget and a much bigger canvas of mobility. The mobility 
space is going through a transformation with E.P.I.C. technologies defining 
the future. By embracing these technologies, we are at the forefront of 
shaping the next generation of automotive technology. This opportunity is 
indeed an honor to deliver on the vision of Sona Comstar. I look forward to 
working with Mr. Deshmukh in ensuring a seamless transition. With that, I hand 
it to Amit to cover the financial update. Thank you. 
Amit Mishra: 
Thank you, Praveen. Very good day to you all. Rohit is on leave due to a 
family exigency. So, I will take you through our fourth quarter and full year’s 
financials. 
 
Slide 23:  
In the fourth quarter, we clocked our highest ever revenue, EBITDA, and net 
profit. Our BEV revenue grew 34% to INR 273 crores and our BEV revenue share 
was 32%, highest ever for any quarter. Overall revenue growth of 19% was 
significantly higher than the underlying light vehicle sales growth in our key 
markets: India, US and Europe. EBITDA adjusted for ESOP of expenses grew 
27% to INR 256 crores. The EBITDA margin improved about 180 basis points, 
primarily led by better product mix, operational efficiency gains and lower 
input costs. Similarly adjusted PAT was up 26% to INR 155 crores. 
Slide 24:  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
For the full year, our revenue grew 19% to INR 3,185 crores. Overall growth was 
more than double of the underlying volume growth in light vehicle sales in 
key markets. Our BEV revenue grew 32% to INR 886 crores and BEV revenue 
share improved to 29%. Adjusted for ease of expenditure of about INR 14.7 
crores, our EBITDA grew 31% to INR 917 crores. The EBITDA margins expanded 
by 270 basis points over last year due to better product mix, operational 
efficiency gains and lower input cost. Profit after tax adjusted for ESOP 
expenses and other exceptional expenses grew 34% to INR 535 crores, again 
entirely led by higher operating profits. 
Slide 25:  
During the year, we generated cash from operations of about INR 693 crores 
and free cash flow of INR 374 crores. In his slides, Vivek presented our strong 
performance over the last three years on almost all of the financial metrics. 
But this is one metric where we have done even better than those; free cash 
flow, two years back was INR 100 crores, which doubled to INR 200 crores last 
year. And this year, we have improved it to INR 374 crores. This helped us 
meet our Capex spending of INR 319 crores, our investment in NOVELIC of INR 
211 crores and dividend payout of INR 179 crores; all met through internal 
accruals. 
Slide 26:  
This brings us to a slide on key ratios, our value addition to employee cost, 
continues to be strong, about six times though it dipped slightly in last year 
due to higher ESOP expenses. Net debt to EBITDA continues to be negative. 
Our working capital turnover has improved further to 4.6 times, fixed asset 
turnover, however, dropped to 3.6 times due to the full impact of Pune plant 
capitalization. These combined with very strong profit growth have resulted 
in our return ratios; ROCE and ROE improving to 31% and 28.5% respectively.  
With this, we have come to the end of our presentation, and I will now hand 
over proceedings back to the Nomura team for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. If you 
wish to raise a question, please use the raise hand function located on the 
bottom right of Webex page. We will unmute your line and inform you to 
speak. Or you may submit your question via the Q&A chat box, addressing 
to all panelists. Please be reminded to keep your question to a maximum of 
two questions. You have more questions we would appreciate if you could 
return to the queue. Thank you. 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. And congratulations for a great set of numbers in a challenging 
environment. You know, my first question, of course, you know, we've seen in 
the last three years, you have, you know, kind of diversified your BEV customer 
base, and continuously adding new clients. Going forward, as we see, you 
know, a lot of the Chinese OEMs are trying to expand globally, of course, 
contingent to the political environment and probably thinking of putting up 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
capacities also outside China. How are we looking at that client base? And 
are they open to suppliers like us if they put up factories outside of China 
because that could be, you know, a good leg of growth going forward. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Good question, Jay. So how does the BEV environment shape up, is actually 
the broader question I would say. I would think North America and India 
would continue to have local or global competitors, non-China OEMs. I think 
geopolitics is shaping up that there will be restrictions. Europe is the interesting 
one where I think Chinese EVs are making quite an impact right now. 
Although I hear that, as we speak, Brussels is thinking of putting a 50% tax on 
Chinese EV imports into Europe. So, we don't really know how it will shape up. 
So, this is what our strategy or plan is, it's very simple; try to get as many 
customers as possible. It doesn't matter where they make it, it doesn't matter 
what their nationality is. You try to get in and try to sell them as many of your 
products as you can. That's it. We try to keep it simple. We're not trying to 
worry about things we can't solve, or we don't really know about. We're not 
experts at these things. There is a different amount of receptivity to our 
products in different geographies. As you can tell, some of them have trade 
barriers, some of them don't. We have the flexibility also to manufacture in 
different locations to cater to that. But we are on it. I can't say much more 
because you know, things will only time will tell, as I said in my thing how this 
stands out; but we will continue to diversify. In automotive in general, putting 
all your eggs with one customer is a sure-fire way to either lose growth or lose 
margins. That's literally guaranteed that one of the two will happen. We will 
not allow that to happen to us. Our top five from five years ago has changed 
so much and it will continue to evolve like this. So, I know I can't give too many 
specifics, but just this quarter's results should have shown you some of that 
already, that some of that has already happened, which is already in the 
numbers. But because we don't talk about specific customers, I can't really 
say more than that. 
Jay Kale:  
Great, thanks and just one more question, you know, and of course, this 
would have been asked for, you know, quite a lot of times, but we've seen a 
lot of talk of you know, the EV penalty or EV slowdown globally, etc. Now, I 
understand, you know, you've spoken earlier that you know, these new 
technologies are supposed to be looked at from a long-term perspective, 
there comes a time of consolidation in terms of any new technology 
adoption and then eventually it moves ahead at faster pace. But just from 
the next 12 to 18 months perspective, the way we see your order book, are 
you seeing any delayed order ramp up because in the next 12 months, as 
per your order book, a lot of new programs are expected to start. So, you 
know, it's all contingent on the plans being on track. And if there are any 
customers who are delaying that, any flavor that you can throw on that. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, 12 to 18 months, no real delays that we have heard of apart from a couple 
in the EV Two Wheelers Space, which is not a very large part of revenue, but 
those are the only areas and I guess that's more to do with policy uncertainty. 
In other things, while the media may talk about the EV slowdown, we have 
not seen any sign of that from you know, from our customers. Our customers 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
 
are putting more and more pressure on us to improve our NPD times actually. 
So, it is the other way around. I would say, I mean, just the fact that we have 
closed our starter motor line in the China plant, and we are going away from 
it should tell you how the world is actually moving, not what they are saying 
but what they're actually doing. I think that's always true for anything. Look at 
what people do, not what they say, that kind of gives more clue of what is 
actually happening. Secondly on hybrid, yeah, because a lot of people don't 
get like some people are saying it's hybrid versus EV etcetera, etcetera. I don't 
think people understand the word hybrid because hybrid ranges from this 
end which is a completely ICE engine car with a small motor which does 
some help or engine assist to the extreme other end, which is basically an 
electric vehicle which has a small internal combustion engine to be used in 
emergencies. All of them can be called hybrids, right? And people are using 
that greyness to obfuscate battles for the very short-term gains, I would say. 
Now hybrid, if you ask me from a perspective of our company and a totally 
pure cynical commercial point of view, it would be this, a plug-in hybrid is 
absolutely the best vehicle for us. We are able to sell our high torque 
differential assemblies and they are usually four wheel driven, we are able to 
sell starter motors for the engines and we have a shop selling traction motors 
to that vehicle. That vehicle is potentially the highest revenue I can ever get. 
But when I answer you guys, I try to do it candidly as an engineer and as 
someone who has studied the automotive industry. So as a student, hybrid 
solutions in any industry do not last for too long. They are bridges to; one or 
the other technology will win, having two power trains and to develop two 
separate engineering systems and try to optimize for them both is quite 
inefficient and over time people will see that. You know, Kodak before it went 
down, launched a hybrid camera, it had both film and a screen, obviously, it 
didn't last too long. There are lessons from other industries also where hybrid 
solutions were proposed for some time, which is why we feel BEV will be the 
absolute future. Although if everything grows plug in hybrid, we will not 
complain from a financial perspective. So that's where we stand on the EV 
changes. 
Jay Kale:  
Great, thanks for the detailed answer and congratulations Mr. Kiran 
Deshmukh, sir, and all the best for your future endeavors. And welcome Mr. 
Praveen Chakrapani. Thank you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you so much, Jay! 
Kapil Singh:  
Hi Vivek, I had a question on the R&D spend that we talked about. Could you 
elaborate a bit, what was the R&D spend as a percentage of sales for FY24? 
And you know, what is the target there? And also, just in terms of your vision 
when you are increasing this, if you could share more details, what are you 
thinking about areas like semiconductor designs; in the medium term, what 
exactly are you thinking about? And what is the play for your company in this 
area? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Interesting. So, it's between, I think 2.5 to 3 is what we did this year around 
somewhere around 2.4 or 2.5%; which is slightly lower than we should be 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
 
spending; a company of our nature. And here again and candidly reflect 
that, you know, the last year, our margins dipped and maybe, maybe we try 
to say that none of this gets to us, but maybe it did get to us subconsciously 
and our R&D budgets had shrunk a little bit, obviously, with our improved 
margin, we saw what is the root cause and we realized that is not the way, if 
we have to continue building a company for the long term. So, I think we are 
looking at 3.2 or 3.3 this year or 3.4, it's 1% above. I wish Rohit was here. 
Otherwise, I would have put it to him. He's had a family issue so he's not able 
to answer that. But areas, so obviously, the same philosophy that we have 
that most of R&D, I'd say it's a 70-20-10 thing; that 70% will be for existing 
product areas and adjacencies. So, adjacencies around the Driveline 
products and motor products, 70% goes there. 20% is for absolutely new areas 
and 10% is for what we call, well, moon shots, those we don't talk about 
because the probability of their success is usually lower. But I can talk about 
the 20%, so you have identified it right; Semiconductors is a big area. And 
again, we are not looking at high Capex items like fabs or you know, those 
kinds of investment. We are looking at what we are good at. We are an 
engineering company; we will do engineering related things. So, can we do 
more in chip design? Can we do more in doing various kinds of signal 
processing because we already have NOVELIC, so radar chips gather a lot 
of intelligence, and they only have to process it and on that processing, 
compute some results. Now, as you would know that a lot of the functions 
today do not actually reside on the wafer. A lot of it is given just by the 
software. How much of a role can we play on the software that enables the 
chip? So those are the areas that we are looking at; other areas as you can 
see in the white area of that, that drone motors, motors for eVTOL, a lot of 
those kinds of things. The future is going to be far more intelligent in every 
single component and system of the weight. And that intelligence will require 
logic circuits, it will require memory circuits and it will require decision making. 
What role can we play in that broadly is the theme which means, we 
obviously are doing a lot at NOVELIC and that's why we increased the R&D 
budget there. We are literally pulling people off revenue or billing projects 
and putting them on things that will do things in the medium term. I’d say, 18 
to 24 months, because as I've said many times, our job is to balance growth 
margin and return and not to max out on one or two on the cost of the other. 
And I think we have done fairly well on all financial metrics. It's time to reinvest 
back in the core. And even if it means that for some time you give up on 
some financial things, it's not like we'll suddenly start losing money, but it's just 
that, yeah, you were going to make a 29 or 30% EBITDA margin. Can we make 
28 and invest that back into making a better future? That's the thought 
process. 
Kapil Singh:  
Ok, great. Just if I can clarify, so would you also be looking at areas like AI, 
when you're talking of data processing that that is being collected by radars, 
etcetera. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  You know, I'm so afraid of using buzzwords because sometimes the investor 
community takes it and runs with it and then we get asked questions and oh, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
you didn't deliver. It's such a big word, Kapil. I mean, if you look at specific 
general intelligence, right? And the definition is so broad that people use it 
very loosely, again, just like I said, for hybrid. We are already using AI for a lot 
of our internal processes. We will also use some things in our products, but 
again, too early and I would refrain from using buzzwords because it can 
sometimes create false expectations. But just to answer yes, of course, there 
is no business that can be run without AI today. If you don't use AI in your 
business, most likely in 10 years, you will be run out of business by a competitor 
who used it well, it is a guaranteed thing, this outcome. So, all of us are, but 
again, we don't want to sound like sales and like, so we don't want to use it.  
Kapil Singh:  
Ok and just the second question, how are you thinking about growth for next 
year? Because you know, 80% of our order book is ultimately coming from 
EVs and there are concerns expressed by you know, various OEMs that the 
growth may be tepid or may not be there, in BEV.  In fact, if you could also 
talk about the fact that this quarter as well, you know, we've delivered very 
strong growth in BEV revenues despite the global weakness we have seen. 
So just some thoughts on growth for next year or whatever you can share and 
also profitability. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, you know, we don't give guidance, that's number one and number two, 
I did two whole slides to avoid just this. That, I don't know. I mean, look, we 
have always grown so much more than the industry. If we were either that 
large or, that fixed in our business model, our products were fixed, our 
customers were fixed then yeah, it's a very valid question. Let's say we have 
65% of an industry or a market segment. Market share is 65%. We do only one 
product. 100% it is a valid question. After knowing us for 12 quarters, it really is 
not, you know that it's not, I mean, this quarter, we should have not grown at 
all by that logic, right? It is that we will continue to increase our market share. 
We will continue to increase our share of wallet within our customers. We will 
also continue to keep making new products which will then sell. Like just, 
example, we talked about a new product, Mr. Deshmukh talked about it that 
has an $800 million odd addressable market, just that one product. If we can 
get even 5% of it, that's $40 million, that's 10% growth on our base, something 
that has got nothing to do with the industry. It has got nothing to do with what 
we are doing today. So, there are two aspects to managing a business, right? 
Doing today better and doing new things. Now, doing today better, of 
course, it gets impacted by macro factors and industry factors. But doing new 
things is not. That's where we add value as a management team. Otherwise, 
you know, AI can run the company also. Industry goes down by five, you also 
go down by five. So I won't be that concerned, and again, like I said, I spent 
so much time trying to talk about management philosophy that it is if you look 
at these three years, so many things went wrong, but it didn't really affect the 
end outcome that much. Yeah, maybe instead of 2X, we could have been 
2.5X. It doesn't, it affects the magnitude but not the direction. The momentum 
may be a little slower, but it will eventually get there. And once again, I keep 
telling all of you guys in 2035/2036 most of the world will be battery electric. 
You can do whatever. It doesn't matter what happens in the middle. If you 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
know that outcome, like literally that time traveler analogy, you have come 
back from 36 and you're telling everyone what is going electric and people 
like no, no slowdown is happening, some guys are selling hybrid now. I mean, 
you have to take it with that seriousness that if you know something is 
inevitable in 11 to 12 years, and you still persist in believing things that last 6 to 
12 months, that's not our way, at least.  
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, thanks for that interesting answer. Deanna, we can continue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you! We will now go to Jinesh Gandhi, your line is unmute. Please go 
ahead with your two questions. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Hi, congrats team, so for delivering yet another strong performance. My first 
question pertains to how are your OEM customers now looking at their supply 
chain given that scale is slowly rising for the BEV side. Are they demanding 
more localized supply? In turn need to put the plant closer to the factory? 
That is question number one, question number two is on NOVELIC. So clearly 
this additional area of focus for NOVELIC is a step in the right direction from a 
long term perspective. But how is their sensor business shaping up? Given that 
itself was quite exciting in the overall scheme of things. So, are we seeing 
material accretion to their business or order book there? Any update on that? 
And lastly, if you can indicate what kind of investments which will lead to do 
capex over the next couple of years. So those are the three questions and 
one clarification on what was the impact of freight on margins in this quarter? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  That's a lot of questions with Jinesh. Ok, I don't know where I remember all of 
them. So, I'll start with the one I do remember. NOVELIC, we are seeing very 
good traction in the product side. That's why I mentioned both that, let's give 
it some time because like I said, we just pivoted now. We should see 
something good happening soon. I don't want to get jinxed by talking about 
it too early, but we should see something good happen soon on the product 
side. So that's on this part. What else did you say about freight, exact amount 
I don't know, Rohit would have been able to answer it. Like I said, 
unfortunately, that is a family issue, he is not here. But it would be in a few 
basis points. Amit, would you know? Impact of freight, Amit?  
Amit Mishra:  
Jinesh, I'll revert to you on this. I will try to revert before the end of the call. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  On the other things on questions, I guess your question about localization was 
more driven by our, why we have set up the new Mexico plant because if 
that is the thing, I'll answer that. And Vikram is here, he can speak more. It is 
more an offensive strategy than a defensive strategy as will be the case with 
us most of the time. So, Vikram over to you, the question is and I’ll frame it for 
you, why have we set up a plant in North America? Why Mexico? 
Vikram Verma:  
There are, one is, as our customers expect near to them, but at the price of 
India, which is a challenge. While the customer also has a different challenge 
called USMCA compliant, which is, so for that reason, we are trying to work 
out a hybrid model to make Mexico as a point where it will be still 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
 
competitive. So that's how, why Mexico we have thought of and there are 
many customers in Mexico now and many other EV programs are coming up 
in Mexico itself. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Jinesh this, to add to what Vikram said, this helps us in adding more 
customers who we would not have otherwise got, we're not shifting anything. 
This is more to address a segment that may have gone untapped for us. 
Otherwise not that many changes. I mean, yeah, there is a bit of a move 
away from the China movement, but that's been happening now for three 
years. So, it's not new really. I'm sure I missed a couple of your questions 
because now I've forgotten. 
Vikram Verma:  
Investment in next 2 to 3 years, was one more question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Capex for the next 2 to 3 years, let's say between INR 1,000 to 1,200 crores, I 
guess.  
Vikram Verma:  
Yes, it will be that much in three years. 
Amit Mishra:  
Jinesh, the impact of higher freight rate, this quarter was about 35 to 40 basis 
points in that range. 
Moderator:  
Now we will move on to the next question. Coming from Gunjan, your line is 
unmute. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Hi Team, thanks for taking my questions. I just had a couple of follow ups. 
Firstly, I'm not sure I missed the initial bit of the call. Can we just talk about the 
PLI certifications that we have received. Any, you know, any clarity in terms 
of what is the sort of incentive that we're expecting? And, you know, you did 
talk about, you know, reinvestment in the business to look at growth in, in the 
upcoming years. So, you know, how should we just think about this PLI 
incentives being reinvested in the business or does it add to the margin? 
Some, some thoughts around that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Hi Gunjan, first of all, on PLI, our answer is exactly the same for the last seven 
quarters. It will be the same now, we have no idea how much we will receive. 
Nobody does. Because again, and I'll explain it. Nobody knows the 
denominator. We all know what is the first year and what is the budget outlay 
from the government? We don't know how many people will be certified and 
for what products and what will be the total application claims. We are 
expecting that there will be some kind of pro rata distribution. So, no, PLI is 
something that will be an added bonus, great when it comes. And when it 
comes actually is when we will recognize it as that. Again, our stance has 
never changed on it. We have got PLI certifications on two of our largest 
volume traction motors. So, most of our traction motors are covered, other 
applications are in process. And also, Gunjan, even if you have not missed 
the initial part, we didn't talk about it. We don't talk about PLI, usually and we 
are not using PLI money touchwood, God's been kind, we have a decent 
cash flow of our own. We covered our cash flows in detail. We will manage 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
every single investment that we have including, you know, investments in R&D 
through internal accruals. Last year, NOVELIC acquisition, Capex plus 
dividend, was all managed through internal accruals. That's our way, we 
don't really need that money for that investment. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, got it. My second question Vivek is on the non-BEV business, while BEV has 
been discussed a lot. I mean, 70% of our revenues are still coming from non-
BEV being hybrids, power source neutral. Now, underlying markets here have 
certainly seen some slow down, right? I mean, India, in particular, has been, 
you know, both on commercial vehicles and tractors and even on the global 
production side, a lot of that recouping of loss of volumes is done. Now, it 
boils down to some low single digit growth on global production. So how 
should we think about the growth in the non-BEV revenues? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  It's a good question Gunjan, I actually started with that in my, when I started 
my comments. So off highway in particular is looking not good at all. Last 
quarter was the worst quarter since Q1 CY20, which had COVID by the way. 
For US and India, this is not just one market, and this is also peculiar, usually off 
highway markets are very local and have nothing to do with any kind of 
structural thing. Right now, I'm seeing that even in Europe off highway is lower, 
but not as much as US and India; US and India are doing very badly. CV is 
also not doing well in India. So that's an India specific thing. Actually US PV, 
Europe PV, and India PV are the only three segments doing well, that too also 
not blockbuster well, but they're doing well. That's what the industry status is. 
So, yeah, some more time that we have to sail on our own steam or, you 
know, on our own motorboat. Industry is not really growing. Off highway, you 
guys also know better than I would say, I do. You, Kapil, you guys track it. I 
don't think the first half is looking good. I read your report so I'm sure that's 
what it's looking like to everyone. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
And anything you'd like to add on the Two-Wheeler electric business because 
of course, there's a lot of subsidy uncertainty and you spoke about it in the 
initial remarks, but I mean, you engage with customers a lot, right? How 
should we think about the EV penetration now within two Wheelers, putting 
two facts together that you do have, you know, subsidies being rationalized. 
But at the other end, there is also a lot of competitive intensity increasing. So, 
you know, what really happens in terms of, you know, your revenue ramp up 
in that part of the business basis is your customer discussions. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, I’d say, competitive intensity in the traction motor space has actually 
lessened a bit. Also, us getting PLI has put us in a different category, because 
even if that PLI incentive is not for, you know, someone who's not a customer 
obviously because that program can't be approved, but they know that we 
will get that. We are more likely than party X let's say to get that because 
obviously our systems, processes, and our domestic value addition is very 
high. That's what PLI certification process is about. So yeah, I'd say 
competitive intensity for motors has gone down and a lot of non-serious 
players who just randomly came and spoke about traction motors have 
disappeared in the last few quarters. But the competitive positioning within 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
the OEM space has gotten, I would say, it's a hard one, it's grey right now. It's 
very hard to say what is actual market share. There are some temporary 
aberrations, I would call them. There is a lot of discounting by a few players 
which has made it a little hard to figure out what is the medium-term actual 
market share of people. And I think that's the same sense that our customers 
also have. The wiser ones are saying, let some of this madness end and we 
will, we will not, you know, why do you burn cash, just for a 3-4 month period. 
FAME though is a big one and there Gunjan your guess is as good as mine, 
and I think even our customers don't do anymore. Of what is, what or even if 
there is a fame change and what does it include? Which segments? How 
much? How much per kilowatt? I don't think anybody has the answer to these 
questions. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok, got it. Thank you so much. I'll join back to queue. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
We will go to the next person, Rahul Jindal. Rahul your line is unmute. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jindal:  
Sir, so this is Rahul Jindal from Samar Wealth. My first question is, could you 
update us on the progress and customer reception of the new integrated 
motor controller for electric motorcycles introduced last quarter. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so that's for, I mean, we've already got the order and I think we 
disclosed the details of SOP on that thing. When the SOP happens, it will hit 
the market, so it's already approved and we already have a purchase order 
for it. 
Rahul Jindal:  
Ok, and my second question is how has the company managed the supply 
chain challenges mentioned last quarter, especially those related to the Red 
Sea crisis and what impact have these had on operations? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I think Amit mentioned that we lost about 35 to 40 basis points of profit, which 
is ok. I think the more of it was the logistical and operational stuff because it's 
not just money, right? It's ensuring that you get the containers, ensuring that 
they reach on time. So, which has meant that for example, Vikram or Sat had 
to produce a lot in January to ensure that they reach because you know, 
you're now adding 10-15 days of shipping time. So suddenly inventories that 
looked adequate were low. So, it has obviously meant that it was an 
operationally challenging time. But once again, we have great operational 
leaders like Vikram and Sat, so, all in a day's work for them, I guess. Cost wise 
35 to 40 basis point hit. But a lot of, I would say a lot of work, a lot of work. It 
has added a lot of work. 
Rahul Jindal:  
Ok, so my last question is, you said that your order book at the end of quarter 
4 of FY24 is 226 billion. And I wanted to know how much percentage in this is 
from EV? EV percentage? 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Right, so it's on the slide but it's 79%. 
Rahul Jindal:  
Oh, ok sir. Thank you very much. This is from my side. Thank you, sir. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator:  
We will go next to Rishi Vora. Rishi, your line is unmute. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Vora:  
Yeah, just one question from my end, we had announced the various 
partnerships with you know, on the motors with C-Motive, IRP, even 
Equipmake, Enedym So yeah, any update on, you know, whether we have 
been able to create any products, you know, for two wheelers or any other 
segments, any insights on that would be helpful. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. So, C-Motive, as you know, was an investment, not a partnership for 
what I said is a Moonshot even at that time, that it was for electrostatic motor, 
which is a very different type, whatever progress has been, has been but not 
in areas of mobility. So it is whatever progress has been made, the product 
etcetera that is there. They're testing protos, but it is more suited to industrial 
applications. So that's where that one is good. Enedym, Equipmake work is 
on, full well. Equipmake, if you recall, was more for bus motors. So the plan 
and I think we've answered that a couple of times that we don't expect 
anything, this year, this fiscal year also 2025. Because, you know, to go up to 
technology readiness level nine, which is to commercialize is when I think it's 
fair to give an update and which is likely when we'll give an update anytime. 
Enedym, we have made good progress again and I would invite Mr. 
Deshmukh, you or Praveen, who should take this question? You want to take 
it? Or should we start throwing Praveen into the deep end? 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Maybe I’ll take it. Enedym, I mean, right now we are working on two motors. 
One of the motors is validated. So, one of the motors we have, we are in the 
process of validation. The performance parameter and the torque 
parameters are on expected lines. And we will start doing the vehicle level 
validation in the next quarter or so. So, Enedym is progressing very well. And 
we are hopeful that the technology would be a great success. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  The one that is not doing so well, let me also be the bearer of bad news, is 
the IRP one. Because as you know, in our business, it is not just to get a product 
out and you know, get a press release of that, because we have to sell 
products. It has to not just deliver power density; it has to deliver very good 
power density per dollar, like it has to do well on that ratio. And I think 
commercial viability is where we have a problem. So, Sat or Mr. Deshmukh, if 
you'd like to add on that one. 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
Yeah. So, IRP, the basic concept of a motor without a magnet, using an 
inductive method is excellent and the prototype has been made, it has been 
tested successfully. However, when we come to the cost of the BOM, it is far 
higher than expected and at that cost, it cannot become viable and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
therefore we are looking at ways of tackling that issue. So therefore, there is 
a big problem as far as, that technology development so far is concerned. 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
The good point is Enedym gives us that option because Enedym also is a 
magnet less. So though, I mean, we have challenges on IRP, but Enedym is 
looking much, much better. 
Kiran Deshmukh:  
So, when we started, this looking out for a solution of magnet-less motor, there 
were several technologies available and therefore we tied up with IRP for one 
type of technology and Enedym with another type of technology because 
when you do R&D, you're never sure about what will succeed and what will 
not succeed. And success means not only the particular idea working but 
also working efficiently and cost effectively. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So yeah Rishi, thank you for asking that question, it actually allowed us to give 
an update on all four, but you know, three of them C-Motive, Enedym and 
IRP were all to solve one problem which is to make a magnet-less motor. And 
frankly, I mean, we knew in our mind that only one of them was actually going 
to be the preferred one which would give us the highest power density upon 
dollar. So now we know that one of them is not commercially very viable. 
One of them is more suited to industrial applications, that low RPM, and 
Enedym is the one that we are pursuing most on and spending most time on. 
So, that’s the summary. 
Moderator:  
We now go to the next question, Sabyasachi Mukherjee. The line is unmute, 
please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi:  
Sabyasachi here from Bajaj MF. So, a few questions from my side. One is, so 
this is probably in the last many quarters, first time that, you know, we haven't 
flagged any specific large order wins despite almost, you know, 12 billion of 
order inflow, anything you want to highlight. Or was it like, you know, very 
small, small order inflows this quarter? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, we did actually, I did mention one large differential assembly order from 
an existing customer in North America. But I mentioned it in my commentary. 
We didn't make a slide because also if you know end of year, we do the 
summary of all business development and we don't typically put a new one 
win, because you know, that's the time we do the annual year-round up also. 
So, this has been the format for three years. 
Sabyasachi:  
Sorry, so then I must have missed it. What is the kind of value that the order is 
having? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Fairly decent? I mean 12 billion is not just that one alone. So let me try to find 
that slide. Pratik, can you go to that slide? And then I'll remember the exact 
numbers I had said. So, I think I talked about 12 new, so that is for the year 12 
new EV programs. We added one new EV program this quarter, but we also 
added a lot of non-EV programs, right? Pratik, would you know the answer to 
this? This I didn't expect. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
Pratik Sachan:  
Yeah. So, this EV differential program will be between 9 to 10 billion. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah. And the remaining three odd billion is from different non-EV programs. 
Correct? 
Pratik Sachan:  
Correct. 
Sabyasachi:  
Ok. Got it. And this is existing EV customers, you said? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yes. 
Sabyasachi:  
What would be the SOP? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  SOP is in the future, it says in the future as in it may be, it won't be in the 
immediate 18 months. 26 probably. Yeah, that also, I don't know. Yeah, I 
mean, it's not absolutely clear. 
Sabyasachi:  
Got it, I'll move to, you know, just a clarification from or confirmation from your 
side. So, a lot of the programs that we have won in the past were supposed 
to go live this quarter, almost four or five, maybe more than that. And, after 
listening to your commentary on the weakness on off highway and, the 
subsidy uncertainty of electric two-wheeler market in India. There were, I think 
specific two programs where one was with Hub Wheel traction motor, 
electric two-wheeler, Indian OEM. And one was with, I think mid drive traction 
motor and control system for again, the off-highway India OEM, that were 
supposed to go live this quarter. Just wanted to know has there been any 
delays or, they have gone live? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So, one, my compliments for this, I’ll say, you follow us pretty closely, at least I 
can say that. So, I did mention that one of them has, both of them actually, 
electric two-wheeler programs are the only ones seeing delays. And I think 
the delays are for two reasons. One, I would say extreme discounting at this 
moment makes it perhaps not the best time to launch any vehicle, because 
the pricing can then be disappointing. And if you're disappointing at the 
launch, that has a, that has a fairly bad knock on effect. And second is also 
the FAME rate, people are not certain what the fame subsidy eventually will 
be. Hence, they don't know how to price it. So, a couple of those are 
delayed. But again, even in this environment with off highway trucks actually 
dragging us back quite a bit we have managed to do fairly well because 
actually the driveline programs came in. And some of them did start and 
some of them have ramped up faster than we thought. So, three or four 
things about, but electric two wheelers, as I mentioned in the opening 
remarks, I think at least three months, we would need any of us to know 
where, which direction we are heading. 
Sabyasachi:  
Right, so I'm assuming that the other programs you know, might have 
compensated for the delays like you had, I think one spool gear for e-SUV 
that was supposed to commence and, and probably one for class four 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
 
electric CV, North American OEM, probably those have compensated. Is that 
a fair assumption? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  I won't comment on specific programs, but it is a fair assumption that other 
programs have compensated. And I don’t want to go to this specific one. 
That's why I said some have ramped up more than we thought, some volumes 
have been higher than we had assumed in our order book, which is why 
conservative assumptions sometimes help you in situations like this. 
Sabyasachi:  
Fair enough. And lastly, last quarter Q3, there was I believe a 25 crores kind 
of revenue loss because of the UAW strikes that was there in October. And 
you mentioned some of it will probably you guys will be able to recoup, has 
there been any success on that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Correct. So, I mean, even if you look through the numbers, the US market 
share is increasing, US passenger vehicles are increasing, you know, all of that 
is because of that. So yeah, that's now moderated, I think inventory levels are 
back to normal for almost all customers. Because of that UAW thing, suddenly 
there was that gap and now it's come back to business usually. 
Sabyasachi:  
Great, great to hear that. Thanks Vivek. That's all from my side. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, no. Thank you Sabyasachi, for again following things so closely. 
Moderator:  
Kapil, do you want to take over? 
Kapil Singh:  
Yeah, I think from the chat box, most of the questions are answered. If not 
directly related, but still in case you want to mention something, please let us 
know the impact of the new government EV import policy and anything you 
want to comment on this. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, I don't want to. 
Kapil Singh:  
All right. I think that's all. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  We should leave the government to comment on government policy and 
not ask companies these questions. 
Kapil Singh:  
Sure, sure. So that was the last question everyone. Thank you very much for 
joining this call. I thank the management of Sona Comstar for giving us this 
opportunity. And Deanna back to you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you everyone for joining today's session. You may drop off the line. 
Have a good evening. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
