·1··
.
PIVEnI
TURBINES
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED
CORPORATE OFFICE
8" Floor, Express Trade Towers, 15-16, Sector-16A, Noida - 201301, U.P., India
T.: +91120 4308000
I F: +91 120 4311010-11
www.triveniturbines.com
Date: May 22, 2024
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Rotunda Building. P.J. Tower,
Exchange Plaza, 5Floor,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),
MUMBAI - 400 001
MUMBAI - 400 051
Thru: BSE Listing Centre
Thru: NEAPS
STOCK CODE: 533655
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analysts/Investors on Audited
Financial Results for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024
Dear Sir/Ma'am.
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call
vvith Analysts/Investors held on May 17, 2024 on the audited financial results of the Company
for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024.
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company \VW\\.triveniturbines.corn.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You.
Yours'
faithfully
For Triveni Turbine Limited
Pulkit Bhasin
Company Secretary
M. No. A27686
Encl: A/a
Regd Office : A-44, Hosiery Complex, Phase-II Extn., Noida - 201 305 (0.P.)
CIN: L29110UP1995PLC041834
PULKIT 
BHASIN
Digitally signed 
by PULKIT BHASIN 
Date: 2024.05.22 
18:06:43 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q4 & FY 24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 17, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Triveni Turbine Limited Q4 
and FY 24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rishab Barar of CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day everyone and a warm welcome to all of you participating in the Q4 
and FY 24 Earnings Conference Call of Triveni Turbine Limited. We have with 
us today on the call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Arun Mote, Executive Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad, Chief Executive 
Officer; Mr. Sachin Parab, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Lalit Agarwal, CFO; Ms. 
Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations and Value Creation, along with other 
members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a statement to this effect has 
been included in the invite, which was mailed to everybody earlier. I would like 
to emphasise that while this call is open to all invitees, it may not be 
broadcasted or reproduced in any form or manner.  
 
We will start this call with opening remarks from the management. Following 
which, we will have an interactive question-and-answer session. I now request 
Mr. Nikhil Sawhney and Mr. Arun Mote to share some perspectives with you 
with regard to the operations and outlook for the business.  
 
Over to you, Mr. Sawhney. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab. A very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, 
to the Q4 and FY 24 investor call. Firstly, it is with pleasure that I report the 
record performance that Triveni Turbines has had in the quarter and the year 
ended 31st of March 2024. We achieved the highest-ever annual revenue, 
EBITDA and order booking in FY 24 as well as a record closing order book, 
providing very good visibility for the coming financial year. 
 
Order booking for financial year FY 24 was ₹18.78 billion, an increase of 17% 
year-over-year (y-o-y) while revenues for the same year came in at ₹16.54 
billion, which was 33% higher y-o-y. The revenue growth is well rounded and 

 
Page 2 of 12 
 
driven by strong performances across all our businesses, segments as well as 
geographies.  
 
The Board of Directors has also recommended a payment of a final dividend of 
130%, which is ₹1.30 per ₹1 share for the financial year 2023-24, which is 
subject to the approval of shareholders. This is in addition to the interim and 
special dividend of 230%, which is ₹2.30, which was declared and paid for 
already in this financial year. 
 
For the quarter, the revenues from operations grew 24% to ₹4.58 billion and 
was the highest ever achieved in the quarter. EBITDA was also higher by 36% 
to ₹1.07 billion, while PBT exceeded ₹1 billion for the first time in the fourth 
quarter of FY24. Profit after tax grew by 37% y-o-y to ₹762 million, and this 
was with an export order booking, which grew by 29% in the current quarter. 
 
Order booking for the quarter was lower than the same quarter of the previous 
year. And this is due to a variety of reasons, which we can go into later during 
the conversations. Enquiries also at the same time for the quarter ended were 
slightly lower than the same period of the last year. Though having said that, it 
is sufficiently higher than what our annual intake of enquiries would be. 
Domestic market enquiries remain robust though there are certain constraints 
on finalisation of orders, which is due to a variety of reasons, including the 
elections. 
 
For the full-year, revenues in FY 24 grew by 33% over the previous year to 
reach a record level of ₹16.54 billion while domestic and export revenues grew 
healthily at 28% and 38%, respectively. Export growth was backed by our 
order booking in the previous financial year, which is also driven by the 
initiatives and efforts that the Company has made in terms of expanding its 
presence overseas and becoming more locally present. 
 
The product and aftermarket revenues also showed a robust growth of 33% 
and 31%, respectively. Our record order booking in the financial year of ₹18.78 
billion was higher by 17%, which is driven by all segments, which is export as 
well as aftermarket more than the domestic market and products. PAT for the 
year ended was at ₹2.69 billion, which is an increase of 40% y-o-y. 
 
Our outstanding consolidated order booking position was at a record ₹15.53 
billion, as I have already said, which is 17% higher y-o-y. Investments, 
including cash stood at ₹8.83 billion, which is an increase of 32% over March 
31, 2023, which is driven by higher profitability, an increase in negative 
working capital and more customer advances. 
 
On the product side, order booking has increased by 10% y-o-y to reach an all-
time high of ₹12.61 billion, and the key growth drivers continue to be the areas 
of renewable energy, power generation, industrial cogeneration as well as API 
and other both power and drive turbines.  
 
The aftermarket segment has also scaled new heights with annual order 
booking and turnover crossing ₹6 billion mark and turnover crossing the ₹5 
billion mark for the first time. The segment witnessed a significant influx of new 
orders combined with repeat orders further strengthening the Company's 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
already diversified portfolio of revenue streams dedicated to servicing and 
optimising turbine performance globally. 
 
The order booking for the year stood at ₹6.17 billion, growing by 34% when 
compared with the corresponding period of the previous year. The turnover at 
the same time was ₹5.38 billion, which was higher by 31% and aftermarket 
contributed 33% of the total turnover in FY 24. Triveni Turbines’ aftermarket 
segment continued to show promising growth prospects supported by an 
expanding range of offerings, including spare parts, servicing, as well as 
refurbishment, catering to a broad customer base. 
 
On the technology side, Triveni Turbines has invested significantly in IP 
development in this current year. Our total Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) 
filings and registrations stand at 374, which is up from 338 a year ago. Our 
efforts continue in terms of championing the energy transition efforts through 
new product development and introductions in both super critical and 
subcritical carbon dioxide as well as transcritical carbon dioxide-based 
offerings. 
 
The market and product development continue to be focused on our areas of 
applications such as waste heat recovery, waste-to-energy, municipal solid 
waste, as well as industrial product for cogeneration in both pulp and paper, 
steel, cement, fertiliser, petrochemical, chemical, distillery, sugar, these are 
just some of the segments.  
 
The Company expanded its workforce by 19% over this past year and we are 
very keen to have all of these assets of the Company contribute in the coming 
year. We do have an expanded vision including an even greater number of 
people to be added into the Company's workforce in the coming year. I'll have 
Arun speak on that as well as other aspects of the Company now. Arun, would 
you like to address the shareholders? 
 
Arun Mote: 
Thank you, Mr. Sawhney. This is Arun Mote. Good afternoon to all of you. As 
you have seen, in the past two years, we have witnessed a growth, and we 
expect growth to continue in a good manner. All efforts are being made by the 
team. We have today, a larger product offering covering a bigger envelope of 
the market. So, the addressable market is increasing every year. We are 
entering into new geographies and ensuring that our philosophy of being close 
to the customer continues. 
 
Our service is being appreciated by one and all, and we are building strong 
long-term relationships and not transactional relationships. And that's the 
philosophy of our Company and we expect to continue this, and we are 
receiving positive feedback from all the sides, domestic as well as 
international.  
 
On marketing and sales front, we have added, as the Vice Chairman has said, 
a considerable strength has been added, and we continue to be quite strong in 
the market and hold our positions of being in the top 2 globally. 
 
On the infrastructure front, as we have indicated, the infrastructure within the 
Company is almost complete. Our total production capacity is 250+ and it is 
flexible, and it can be increased at a short notice to the desired level. Our sub-

 
Page 4 of 12 
 
contract base and the supply chain base is being strengthened continuously 
and there is a very strong ecosystem built around our Peenya and Sompura 
plants. We expect that from the manufacturing and supply chain side, we are 
well prepared for addressing the growth in the market. 
 
The most important aspect of the business is manpower. And that's what 
Triveni has concentrated for a long time, right from last 15 years. We have a 
very strong entry-level programme with our HR, and we continuously recruit 
youngsters. We ensure that the overall age in the Company is always 
maintained below 30 years as an average age. And there is a very strong 
learning and development culture that has been developed. 
 
As you know, we have a strong succession planning and Mr. S.N. Prasad, who 
is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO); and Mr. Sachin Parab, who is the Chief 
Operating Officer (COO) are internal candidates who are succeeding me in the 
organisation and ensure that they continue to deliver growth and a strong 
profitability. Thank you, Nikhil. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you. Thank you very much, Arun. So ladies and gentlemen, happy to 
open the floor up for question-and-answers. Over to you, moderator. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. So, my first question is, could you 
give a sense on our domestic and international enquiry book at the moment 
and how it has grown in FY 24 over the last year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The enquiry book has declined by about 5-7%, but it is higher than the global 
market even for a year. So, we find that it's not a constraint even if the enquiry 
book has come down. It is reflective of two factors. One is that there are 
geopolitical constraints that are impacting the market. But more than that is 
from the domestic side, enquiry book is quite robust. But order finalisation from 
both Q3 as well as Q4 have been low. Our anticipation as well as looking at 
April, which has already gone by, and May is that there is a little bit of reversal 
of that already. But we really have to wait till June to see how much of that 
reverses. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Just a follow-up to that. Would the enquiry book have declined both on 
domestic and international basis? Or this would be more of an international 
issue than the domestic one? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Our order booking, as you know has gone up. So, the order finalisation from 
the enquiry book internationally saw a pickup. The enquiry book in India is 
more sticky, and so it stays for a little bit longer. So, I don't know what you 
want to make out of that question. But yes, the enquiry book internationally has 
declined a little bit while the domestic enquiry book has increased. 
 

 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. My second question is, how has the domestic 0 to 100 MW 
market grown in FY 24 in the MW terms? Also, do you expect to grow it at an 
even higher pace in FY 25? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The domestic market, all indications are that it could grow very robustly. The 
lack of order booking in Q3 and Q4 in domestic market and actually for the last 
4-5 months of the financial year led to what was expected to be a very good 
growth in the market to approximately 2,500-odd MWs. But it probably came in 
somewhere in the region of about 2,100 - 2,200 MWs. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
This 2,500 MW would be? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Megawatts. Apologies. 2.5 GW. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
This 2.5 GW would be a growth of how much over the last year over FY 23 
base? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It would be a growth of approximately 25% it would have been. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Yeah. Congratulations for the good set. First question again on the enquiry 
pipeline, you did highlight the outlook for domestic and international. Any 
particular sectors where domestic is seeing delay in finalisation, any particular 
reasons there? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I'll let our CEO, Mr. S.N. Prasad, address that. But I think it's broad-based. But 
I think that we didn't expect a degree of people being as conservative as they 
had been in the last several months. But Prasad, maybe you can provide some 
clarity on this question? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. So, on the enquiry pipeline-wise, as our Vice Chairman said that it's a 
strong enquiry pipeline there from the domestic side, whereas the finalisation, 
we are seeing a little slowdown in the last two quarters. These are typically 
whenever there is election cycle, then we look at that. But a majority of this 
discussion is going on, finalisation is getting delayed. We are hopeful that 
probably by end June, July, the finalisation pattern will pick up. Otherwise, 
enquiry pipeline-wise, all the cogeneration to steel, cement, the enquiry 
pipeline is strong from all the industrial power range applications. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
All right. My second question on the market, which you have highlighted in the 
presentation, where we are talking about 6 GW of ex-China, Japan market less 
than 100 MW and roughly about two-third is the renewable energy-based 
market. So just wanted to understand what is our addressable market. And 
since taking the point from the commentary that you're talking we're expanding 
new geographies and we have gained market share. So, first is, what is our 
addressable market? And will the addressable market in terms of GW is going 
to expand for you? That is my question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. You see the fact is that, you have to take the data, which we have just 
presented from a third-party as it is. It comes with its own constraints, which is 
that, very frankly, everyone doesn't report fully. So that is a data matter that 

 
Page 6 of 12 
 
you have to consider. More than that, there are specific sectors where certain 
products of ours are currently being introduced and we are exploring into those 
markets. And as Arun had pointed out, as those introductions take shape, we 
would be expanding markets in those areas. So very frankly, our attempt will 
be to cover the entire market in its entirety in the next several years. But as of 
right now, we would very frankly be covering at least 80% of it. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. And for 2,500 domestic market, is the breakup same, power versus 
renewable sources? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no, it's significantly different. India is much more fossil fuel dependent. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
All right. My next question on any addressable market with respect to the value 
or volume for domestic market as well as global market for API turbine, if you 
could throw some colour? And we talked in last call about the very strong 
enquiry pipeline in domestic market there. So just more colour on how the 
market is shaping out? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. On the API, there hasn't been much movement in the domestic market. 
Internationally, there's much more movement. We have a good market share 
there. We have good appropriate products. And so, both power and drive 
turbines, we are confident of being able to provide our customers with the 
appropriate solutions given the kind of correct references, etc. that we have. 
 
What's important for you to understand is that this is not only a technological 
question of having an appropriate product, but to be able to provide the service 
backup and the reliability and robustness that the customer requires. So, it is 
an integrated offering that the Company has to present. Of course, in domestic 
market, where we do have a much greater presence, we are able to cover that 
more comprehensively. Internationally, it will depend on which geographies 
and where we have local presence and where we have people and feet on the 
ground. So, we're trying to improve that continuously so that we can improve 
our chance of conversion of enquiries to orders. 
 
And that is the attempt that we'll make in the next several years, as we pointed 
out in the past as well. And specific to oil and gas market, it does present a 
very large market in terms of potential enquiries, and that's something that the 
Company is looking at quite aggressively. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Any value with respect to how the market is? And anything you can give colour 
with respect to value or any contribution in revenue? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I'm sorry. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Okay. Lastly, with respect to aftermarket, how has been our breakup for export 
versus domestic in the aftermarket for FY 24? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I don't know if we give these data, but you can come back to Surabhi. I must 
point out, since you're asking very data-driven questions that a lot of the 
questions that people have asked in the past, at some point or the other, are 
used against us in some marketing by our competitors. So, we will intentionally 
try to be vague on certain answers where we think that there may be some 
competitive information. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwani Sharma from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is again on the aftermarket. 
So, if I look at the quarterly run rate, it has been in the range of ₹145 crore to 
₹144 crore. And in this quarter, there is a decline of around 3%. If you could 
just tell us why there is a flat growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 
degrowth on a Y-o-Y basis. What is the outlook there? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You said there is a degrowth in the Y-o-Y basis in aftermarket? 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Yeah. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, that shouldn't be right. There is a growth of 30% y-o-y. 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
It's ₹148 crore last year and this year is ₹144 crore. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Quarterly. Sachin, if you're there on the call, maybe you could help address 
this question. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Good afternoon, everyone. So, on a quarterly basis, yes, there is a slight 
degrowth and that's basically because of some order finalisations, which have 
been delayed, and we are very cautious in terms of acknowledging order 
booking. Unless we get the advance, we do not consider it as orders booked. 
And therefore, it's a small correction, and that should not be the trend in the 
future. 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Okay. Secondly, you gave us your capacity number of 250. Is it possible to 
share the volume numbers for the quarter and the year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I don't think so. But suffice to say that we're not really constrained by the 
capacity in what we produce. As you can tell from our balance sheet, we are 
very asset-light, and we have the flexibility to expand this capacity by up to a 
third at any given point in time. 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Understood. But if you can share us the capacity utilisation number? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It would probably be somewhere in the region of about 75%. 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
75%, okay. Those are my questions. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam Maheshwari from Aditya Birla (AB) 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Yes, thanks. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question was 
on the U.S. market. You were planning to set up a service centre in the U.S. 
So, could you provide an update on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, that's a very good question. We had talked about that in the last 
conference call. And the subsidiary, as you have seen from our quarterly 
reporting has already been established. People have already been hired. The 
executive who will be handling the region is already in place in the United 

 
Page 8 of 12 
 
States. Machinery has been ordered, shed has been leased and we are 
already on track as far as our business plan goes to achieve our order booking 
and revenue for this year. So, it's all on track. 
 
What we're seeing in the market, again, maybe I'll ask Sachin first to give an 
explanation as to where the subsidiary stands. And then Prasad, who may 
have to log off the call, can also just contribute in terms of talking about the 
customer acceptance in that market and enquiry pipeline. Sachin, first. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yeah. So, our initiative in United States is progressing as per our plan. As our 
Vice Chairman has mentioned, the initial few steps have been taken and 
business has commenced. So, our sales and marketing activities are being 
carried out. And things are progressing at the pace as we had planned. So, we 
are quite satisfied with what we've been able to achieve so far. So, it's very 
early stages of our journey in the U.S. for the service facility. We will have 
much more details to discuss in future quarters. 
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Right. And just maybe a clarification on this. So, are we expecting to hire more 
people? And would this be a probable drain on your EBITDA margins in the 
short term? Or how do you see this flowing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I think the fact is that, firstly, yes, we are going to be expanding our 
workforce up with anywhere between 20-25% in the coming year, which is FY 
25. Given that very high growth of intake, you are right that people will not 
contribute immediately to the Company. But if you look at our order booking, 
which will then translate into execution, it is more export focused. 
 
Margins do not seem to be a problem at this current point in time to at least 
stay at the same margins that we have. So, we don't foresee that to be a 
problem. U.S. in specific, of course may have a negative contribution, but that 
will get absorbed by the consolidated entity quite easily. 
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood, understood. And my second question is on the API market. I 
wanted to understand if this is now a meaningful part of our revenue, I mean, 
has it now reached double-digit? If you could give some colour around that? 
And how are the growth opportunities there? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, this is a core segment for the Company. We have extremely good 
products for this market. As we get closer to customers, as we get registered 
with them, we've become more relevant. We already have a good installed 
base in this sector. Prasad, would you like to add anything here? He may have 
logged off by now. He is currently traveling. But suffice to say that this is a 
segment that I think will contribute to growth for the Company in the coming 
years. There is a lot of expenditure that is happening. And our products and 
solutions are very appropriate for our customers in this market, both 
internationally as well as in India. 
 
This is a very technically demanding sector where not only do you have to 
have high degrees of quality assurance but also a deep sense of reliability and 
robustness of the product in terms of its configuration. So, we're quite 
confident that we will have success. We have already had success. We have a 
good installed base in the segment already both in the power as well as drive 
turbines. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood. So, would it be a fair assumption to make that your exports would 
also be driven largely by API turbines? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, renewable energy is a very strong mainstay of our export strategy. 
Though, API will form an increasing role. So, as you know, we are dependent, 
wherever heat is generated from a customer, we end up providing that heat in 
power solutions. So we are agnostic from which industry it comes from. But 
very frankly, it will be both. We see services being an even larger contributor to 
growth in the export market in the coming years. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Uttham Kumar from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
 
Uttham Kumar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. And congrats on a good set of numbers. So, 
two questions from my end. Firstly, with regards to the aftermarket orders 
which we have. So, could you just give some colour on how is the margin 
profile of these orders? I mean earlier we used to execute one or two orders 
which are of a lower margin profile. Can we expect the margin profile of the 
current aftermarket orders to be much more margin accretive? That is my first 
question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. I think the fact is that you see at the end of the day, the margins are 
already quite robust in the entire aftermarket segment. As Arun had pointed 
out earlier, we look at our relationship with our customers from a life cycle 
basis. So, there's no question of margin expansion. We want to be consistent 
with our margins in different offerings. So, in terms of product mix within the 
aftermarket segment, which stretches from services, spares as well as 
refurbishment, those mixes can change and move the margin. But in general, it 
will stick within 1% or 2% of where we've historically been. They won't move 
very much. 
 
Uttham Kumar: 
Got it. And I mean earlier this particular point was addressed, on the margins, 
that we are expecting the margins to at least sustain at the EBITDA level. But 
the question is that on one side we are seeing the utilisation levels also 
improving, we have a robust order book, which will lead to better execution 
over the next two to three years. 
 
On the other hand, we have some workforce increasing also. So, when should 
we expect some margin expansion happening for the Company? Because we 
have been around 20%. Can there be any meaningful expansion which the 
Company can, I mean, see over the next two to three years? Or it will be in the 
same range there'll be some expenses which will always be, restricting the 
margins from expanding going forward? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, I'll tell you what our strategy is at this point in time that we have a lot of 
unfulfilled ambitions as far as revenue growth goes. And so that is more of a 
priority for us in terms of being able to expand our offering to be closer to 
customers. And that will take a priority. And so, we've always said that we will 
maintain margins at least at where we are. We've consistently beaten that 
20%-odd number that I've talked about. As you rightly point out, given the fact 
that you have an increasing share of aftermarket as a percentage of sales and 
export as a percentage of sales, we should not face any margin pressures. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
 
 
Also, the commodity price-based issue that we had in the past are somewhat 
in a sense behind us though we do see some commodity pressures in areas 
like copper, etc. But having said that, those are all manageable. So, I think that 
it's really, our strategy is to drive as much growth. And if the consequence is 
margin expansion, so be it. So therefore, I'm hesitant to answer your question 
directly. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Teena Virmani from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Congrats on a decent set of numbers. My first question is related to domestic 
order inflow pipeline. So which user industries do you think will be contributing 
more to the order inflows for the Company going forward? Maybe from post 
June, like you mentioned that these enquiries will start translating. But 
primarily, which industries are you targeting, and do you think can contribute to 
these inflows going forward? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, we see the demand as enquiries coming from steel to cement, which is 
quite robust again. The entire agro space, the distilleries, the enquiries remain, 
but we as having a deep insight into that space, don't think it's extremely 
practical for that to come back in the short term. You will have much more 
conversion in process cogeneration. But you do have a lot which is happening, 
especially on the renewable side, which includes waste heat recovery. Waste 
heat recovery is agnostic to industry. It is a play on the fact that you have 
higher energy prices, you have a more conscious corporate culture in terms of 
being able to be more energy efficient. And so, this stretches across the 
industry and is agnostic to whether it is steel or cement or paper or rubber, et 
cetera. It's more driven by a more industrial Capex. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. So, do you think that the enquiry level can translate into a much higher 
order inflow run rate for the nine months of FY 25, for the remaining nine 
months of FY 25? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. We are very hopeful that will happen. We already have indications in the 
first couple of months of this current financial year that things seem to be on 
track. But again, I'm going to restate the fact that, you see a lot of our demand 
is agnostic of the industry. It's driven by a greater theme of energy efficiency. 
Energy efficiency is when you have capital on your books and you want to 
reduce your cost of power, it's not necessarily driven by capacity expansion. 
So, some of it will be driven by brownfield and greenfield capacity expansion, 
but it may not necessarily be. That's the point I wanted to make. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. And we saw a very healthy momentum in the export inflows during FY 
24. Do you think that based on the enquiry levels that you are having on export 
side, do you think a similar kind of momentum can also be maintained going 
forward, the way you are entering different geographies? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes, most definitely. Our efforts are towards that effect, and we want to sustain 
growth in a very predictable way. So, our efforts are geared towards building 
competency so that we can sustain it. These are not 1-2 year efforts. These 
are multiyear efforts where we want to actually ensure that we are not only 

 
Page 11 of 12 
 
able to increase our enquiry book which leads to a greater degree of order 
inflow and therefore, revenue. 
 
But also, as we expand our presence closer to customers, so we can expand 
our servicing offering and that will continuously cater to greater profitability 
from the aftermarket side while still assisting in terms of providing customers 
with confidence to be able to place orders on us for the product. 
 
So, it's a continuous cycle, and we are optimistic that we are fine on this 
growth path. Our new product and new technology introductions continue well, 
while they don't contribute in any meaningful manner right now to turnover, but 
they do provide good visibility in spaces where we think that we would be able 
to show leadership in the years to come. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
And in the overall scenario for the global market, you don't see any kind of 
tapering off Capex towards this renewable space? That is not visible at least in 
the numbers that you're posting on the export inflow side? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, the majority of our renewable sales are coming from both biomass-based 
IPPs as well as solid municipal waste incineration but also energy efficiency. 
As long as money exists for this space and internationally, especially in Europe 
and North America and parts of North-east Asia, these continue to be very 
robust sectors. There's enough money behind it. So as long as the raw 
material exists, which could either be waste heat or biomass or waste, then it 
always makes sense for you to do it. The funding exists. It's a question of the 
availability of the waste. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Raw materials. Yes. Got it. My last question is related to the U.S. market 
where you've mentioned that you are achieving progress. So, is there any 
update on the overall market opportunity that can farm out in the U.S. market, 
both on the export as well as on the aftermarket side? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. We've received extremely good interest from our interaction with clients. 
They're eager to see our progress in terms of building our capability. But at the 
end of the day, a little bit more from the servicing side. From the product side, 
there are a lot of incentives that the Government of the United States has 
provided under The Inflation Reduction Act and a variety of different fiscal 
incentive schemes. We'll have to wait for that uncertainty of the elections also 
to play out. 
 
But suffice to say that I think people are quite committed to go down the lines 
of being more energy efficient, which is really a play that Triveni Turbines 
provides in this renewable space. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. So, your current set of offering will be primarily targeting at the initial 
phases, maybe on the aftermarket, and later maybe on the product side? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no, both are happening parallelly. It's just a question that some are easier 
quick wins, and some will take a little bit more time. Ultimately, you have to 
remember that the United States is a $25 trillion economy. The capital stock 
that they have presents a very good opportunity from an aftermarket 
perspective, especially for third-party service offerings. At the same time, 
they've historically not invested because of low energy prices, in energy 

 
Page 12 of 12 
 
efficiency. But I think it's inevitable the way that the world is moving that given 
the fact that capital is available here that people will eventually pick it up. 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Got it. And there is no incremental Capex, it will be more a opex-led spend that 
you would be having over there? Or any incremental Capex being finalised by 
the Company? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, we will capitalise our subsidiary there to the extent of maybe about ₹50-
odd crore, less than that, maybe ₹40 crore, primarily debt so that it can be 
repaid back quickly to the parent. And this is going to go into some machinery 
that we have to purchase, etc., to be able to have capability on the ground. 
There will also be some Capex that we'll have in our facility here to strengthen 
our R&D. We want to spend much more money in that space. So, these are all 
things that the Board has considered and we will be implementing. But overall, 
if we are looking at the Capex somewhere in the region of about ₹90 crore to 
₹100 crore in the coming year or coming, let's say, couple of years, these are 
things that I think the Company can easily afford. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants, you may 
press * and 1 to ask a question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, if there are no more questions, then I think I can close the call. Thank you 
very much for joining the call, ladies and gentlemen. And I look forward to you 
joining us for our first quarter earnings call. I'm sure that we'll be able to 
sustain our growth and give you equally positive results then. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency with 
published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be incomplete or 
inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is 
compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as an authoritative record. 
 
