 Proven Ability In Life Sciences
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
Registered Office: 301, 3rd Floor, Dosti Pinnacle, Plot No. E7, Road No. 22, Wagle Industrial Estate, Thane (W), Mumbai - 400604, Maharashtra, India 
Tel No.: +91-22-4111-4777 I CIN: L99999MH1985PLC036685 
Website: http://www.sequent.in I Email Id: investorrelations@sequent.in 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
May 20, 2024
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip code: 512529 
Symbol: SEQUENT 
Subject:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Earnings Call Transcript 
for the quarter and Year ended March 31, 2024
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Earnings Call 
Transcript pertaining to the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2024.
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://www.sequent.in/pdf/
financial/2023-2024/Sequent-Earnings-16May-2024.pdf
Kindly take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sequent Scientific Limited 
Phillip Trott 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F-7403 
PHILLIP 
TROTT
Digitally signed by 
PHILLIP TROTT 
Date: 2024.05.20 
17:04:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Sequent Scientific Limited 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 16, 2024 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJARAM NARAYANAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
MR. SAURAV BHALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL – HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SEQUENT SCIENTIFIC LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SeQuent Scientific Limited Q4 and FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek: 
Very good morning and thank you for joining us today for SeQuent Scientific's Earnings 
Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended Financial Year 2024. Today, we 
will have with us Rajaram, SeQuent's Managing Director; and Saurav, CFO, to share the 
highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. 
 
I hope you've gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which 
have been uploaded on our website, as well as stock exchange website. The transcript of this call 
will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please note that today's discussion 
may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to our 
business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, please feel free to 
reach out to Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Rajaram to make the opening comments. 
Rajaram: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you on the call for 
the quarter 4 and financial year '23/'24 Earnings Call. Joining me on this call is Mr. Saurav 
Bhala, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before I move on to the performance for this quarter, I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks 
to Mr. Sharat Narasapur, our former Joint Managing Director, who has moved on from his role 
at SeQuent. His contributions to the company have been invaluable, and we thank him for his 
service. Sharat will, of course, continue on the Board of our subsidiary, Alivira Animal Health 
Limited, as a Non-Executive Director. I also take the opportunity to welcome Mr. Vedprakash 
as Executive Director on the Board of SeQuent, responsible for API operations. 
 
Coming to the performance for this quarter. I'm really pleased to share that we continue to 
progress well on the transformation journey that we have embarked upon last year. In the last 
couple of quarters, we have seen the results of our efforts reflect in the financial performance of 
the company. 
 
In quarter 4, our EBITDA pre-ESOP cost came in at INR411 million, which is the highest in the 
last 12 quarters. Our EBITDA margin pre-ESOP cost for the quarter stood at 11.4%, which is in 
line, in fact, slightly ahead of our guidance and the target of exiting the year at double-digit 
margins. 
 
Even on the revenue side, if we adjust for some of the discontinued operations in Europe, and 
the current currency accounting impact in Turkey, our sales for the quarter could be considered 
to have been grown at 6% on a year-on-year basis in rupees terms and 11.4% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
I would really like to take this opportunity to thank all our employees and teams across and our 
partners who have worked really hard to make these results come alive for us and set us on the 
path of growth. With several optimization initiatives implemented over the last few quarters, we 
are now confident of accelerating our efforts towards higher growth in the coming year. 
 
The macro environment is very important for us as we operate in multiple markets. While there 
is some volatility on account of inflation and currency issues in some pockets, there has been 
also some uptick in demand across the board. January to March typically see some seasonality 
impact on a year-on basis, but we've seen encouraging results from our European business. 
 
And in Turkey, where we are one of the leading formulation players, while the inflation remains 
at elevated levels of over 60%, the government in Turkey has taken several actions, including 
rate hikes. While we see some early signs of a stable currency going ahead, we would need to 
remain very agile. 
 
While Saurav will talk in detail on Q4 and full year financials, let me share some highlights of 
our overall results and also give you a sense of the direction going ahead. Our overall revenues 
in the quarter grew about 10% sequentially. On a year-on-year basis, the revenue declined by 
1.5%, mainly on accounts of the higher base that we had in quarter 4, last year. And it also 
includes some of the discontinued businesses in our base. However, adjusted for the impact of 
discontinued business, as well as some of the currency accounting adjustments in Turkey, our 
quarter 4 revenues have grown by 6% year-on-year in reported terms and 11.4% in constant 
currency. 
 
Starting with the European operations, our conscious efforts to position ourselves towards higher 
growth and higher-margin businesses, combined with improving demand sentiment and range-
bound inflation, we have delivered another strong quarter in Europe. 
 
The January to March quarter typically see some seasonality impacts, but our European 
operations have grown 7.9% on a year-on-year basis for the quarter. Our margins there, too, 
have benefited from a favourable business mix and continue to expand. Our priority is now 
firmly on driving growth in this market through further geographical expansion, innovative 
partnership arrangements and new product launches. 
 
In Turkey, I'm pleased to share that the various decisive price and incentive actions that we have 
taken since last year, both in June and in January, have yielded very positive results and are 
reflecting in the quarter's performance. Turkey is one of the leading markets in the world for 
animal health. And we are committed towards not just maintaining, but also investing and 
strengthening our presence there and gaining market share. 
 
By leveraging our inherent strength in that market in terms of our field force strong competitive 
positioning, we continue to take proactive measures on further price intervention opportunities 
and cost optimization. Our priorities in Turkey for the upcoming quarters, is to drive higher 
volume growth as the demand situation starts to normalize. Our India formulations business has 
continued to do well on the product launches that we have had recently and the expansion that 
we have undertaken, evidenced by a 9% year-on-year growth that we delivered in quarter 4. This 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 4 of 15 
 
is despite a short-term non-availability of a key distribution product, which we expect to be 
reintroduced soon. 
 
During the quarter, we also launched 3 brands in the market, which aided revenue growth. 
Eventually, like I said earlier, Jan to March tends to be a softer quarter due to seasonality. 
However, as I have mentioned, India is a strategic market for us, and we continue to remain 
excited by its growth prospects. To that effect, we have initiated large-scale business expansion 
plan for the India formulations business, the results of which will be visible in the coming 
quarters. Our priority in India is to achieve greater scale through this expansion. 
 
Coming to our API business. This has been a very strong quarter. In quarter 4, FY '24, we 
received and executed most of the regulated market orders that were expected and thereby 
resulting in a strong sequential growth of 39% and also a 2% year-on-year growth. I'm 
optimistic, looking at our current order book and our stable regulated market orders coming in 
through also allow us to be selective while participating in growth opportunities in some of the 
more price-sensitive markets. 
 
On the back of the various manufacturing and procurement, revamp initiatives we have 
implemented through the last few quarters, we continue to see a marked improvement in gross 
margins and expect to see the current trajectory to continue into quarter 1. More importantly, on 
the margin front, our API business stands to benefit from the annualization of savings of all the 
initiatives that we have implemented at various points last year. 
 
Our priority for the upcoming year is to drive growth in the regulated market business through 
targeted engagements with our customers and also accelerate the backward integration of some 
of our front-end formulations using the API facilities that we have. We have, also, successfully 
completed audits from WHO and many other global customers. This will enhance our credibility 
as a preferred supplier. 
 
Before I hand over to Saurav, there are three areas I'd like to emphasize. The first is growth. 
Having completed the reshaping of our portfolio and discontinued some product lines in our 
formulation business, we have set the base for high growth and importantly, quality growth. 
 
Our expansion plans have commenced in quarter 4 of the last financial year, especially in India, 
and this will help us accelerate the top line. Second, on profitability. We are pleased to deliver 
in line with what we had guided. And in quarter 4, we delivered on our margin commitment of 
exiting FY '24 at double-digit margins. This is, of course, attributable to various operational and 
cost excellent actions we have taken as well as a superior portfolio mix. 
 
That said, we expect further benefits to accrue. And if the demand were to pick up as well, the 
next set of cost optimization initiatives, that we have set in to motion internally, will benefit us. 
During the quarter, our EBITDA margin pre-ESOP cost have expanded by 220 bps quarter-on-
quarter to 11.4% and 790 bps year-on-year. 
 
The third is the area of business development and M&A. We believe that the animal health sector 
is in an exciting and dynamic phase as can be seen from some of the multiyear contracts that 
large global innovators are entering in with Indian as well as global players. On the companion 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 5 of 15 
 
animal side, there is a growing focus on pet care and we are looking out for opportunities in our 
strategic markets such as India and Brazil. 
 
On the API front the generalization and outsourcing of new drugs over the next few years 
combined with the need for innovators to diversify the supply chain creates an excellent growth 
opportunity for us to play into. And in order to capture these opportunities we would be looking 
to augment our capabilities to build a stronger R&D base and manufacturing competiveness. 
 
I will now hand it over to Saurav for more details on the financial report. 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thank you, Rajaram. Good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to be here today and share some 
key insights into the financial performance of our company for quarter 4 and financial year 23-
24 respectively. 
 
Starting with quarter 4 financial year '24 highlights. Our total revenue and EBITDA pre-ESOP 
cost for the quarter stands at INR3,612 million and INR411 million respectively. Formulation 
business contributed INR2,476 million which is about 69% of the total sales. European 
operations delivered strong growth driven by our strategic actions focused on overall portfolio 
reshaping and despite price increases. 
 
Europe clocked a revenue of INR1,236 million. Emerging markets delivered a revenue of 
INR1,007 million and our Indian formulation business delivered a revenue of INR232 million. 
The API business contributed INR959 million which is 27% of the top line in this quarter. I'm 
happy to share that our gross margin has improved by 660 basis points that is from 39.5% in 
quarter 4 financial year '23 to 46.1% in quarter 4 financial year '24.  
This increase is driven by various strategic actions taken over the last quarters which includes 
sales mix optimization, various operational excellence initiatives and a very well executed price 
increase across geographies we operate in. Through focused initiatives aimed at optimizing our 
overall cost structure and which remains to be a key focus area for us has enhanced our 
operational efficiencies and also helped us successfully achieve a notable reduction in our 
overall operating expenses. Y-o-Y savings is about INR65 million, that is from INR1,321 
million in quarter 4 financial year '23 to INR1,256 million in quarter 4 financial year '24. 
 
The above measures have resulted in significant improvement in our EBITDA margins. Y-o-Y, 
the improvement is about 790 basis points that is from 3.4% in quarter 4 financial year '23 to 
11.4% in quarter 4 financial year '24%.  
Now I move on to overall year highlights that is the highlight of financial year '23-24. Our total 
revenue and EBITDA pre-ESOP costs for the financial year is INR13,697 million and INR1,068 
million respectively. Our formulation business contributed to INR9,997 million and API 
business contributed INR3,260 million to our top line.. 
 
Overall, our EBITDA has improved by 250 basis points that is from 5.3% in financial year '23 
to 7.8% in financial year '24. Highlighting some of the items which need some explanation. In 
exceptional items, you will see expense book in this current quarter which is primarily on 
account of the consultancy fees we gave to our partners for the cost optimization initiatives the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 6 of 15 
 
impact of which has been very significant in improving our operational efficiencies and that will 
help us improving our base further. 
 
And there were some writing also on account of our Germany operations where earlier we have 
provided, but we were able to liquidate various assets and some writings has happened on 
account of that. In other income during the quarter company also realized a gain of INR22 
million on transfer of leasehold rights in one of our Ambernath land which was not a very 
operative asset. So we liquidated that. 
 
Net monetary loss on hyperinflation economy which is Turkey is shown under IndAS 29 
adjustment which continues because the situation in Turkey. Turkey is amongst one of the 3 or 
4 countries in hyperinflation as of now, so that still continues. Our working capital stands at 
INR4,201 million as on March '24 as compared to INR4,354 million as of March '23. 
 
Net debt as on date, as on March 31, '24, is INR3,789 million against INR3,654 million in March 
'23. Net debt-to-EBITDA ratio has seen an improvement and which stands at 3.55 as on March 
'24 versus 4.70 in March '23. These are the key highlights from my side. I thank you all for your 
continued support and may I request a forum to be opened for any questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question is 
from the line of Vilina Jain who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Vilina Jain: 
My first question is on the API business. So it is good to see that our API business revenue is 
closer to INR100 crores quarterly run rate. What has been the driver of sequential revenue 
growth? And can you maintain this momentum in the coming financial year? Also, are there any 
new contracts that you have received in your API business which can materially add to your 
sales? 
Rajaram: 
Thank you, Vilina. Yes, first of all, I think it's good to see the API business accelerating. I think 
we've delivered over INR90 crores in this quarter and we do expect that we will begin to come 
closer to the INR100 crores run rate. 
 
But as you know that the API business is a B2B business and if there are going to be some 
variations across different quarters depending on the stocking levels that our customers may 
have as well as what is the success of their end products in the market, but directionally, I think 
I can say that we are beginning to see acceleration in our API business. 
 
So now what has gone behind this, I think a couple of reasons. One we are a very strong regulated 
markets player nearly 70% of our business comes from markets which have -- which are from 
Europe or the US and in these kinds of customers tend to give a lot of premium and reference 
for suppliers who are quality suppliers as well as the developments which we do on our products 
in partnership with some of these customers.  
So that has really contributed quite a bit to the orders which we have got for the quarter which 
is gone by as well as we expect that these relationships and these preferences from these 
customers should help us going ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Any new -- the second part of the question on do we have any new contracts. Yes, we are 
expanding our customer base. I think we are having new customers who have joined our current 
set of customers who we cater to with our products. Some of the older contracts, which we had 
signed, which are getting commercialized as well as we speak in this year. And we also have, of 
course, a lot of conversations going on. I cannot specifically disclose any one contract or two 
contracts, obviously, for confidentiality reasons right now. 
Vilina Jain: 
Got it. And secondly, gross margin has improved nearly by 100 basis points on a Q-o-Q basis. 
What are the drivers of the same? And by when can we get back to the historical 50% margin? 
Rajaram: 
So I think gross margin for us is a combination of three or four things, which Saurav alluded to 
some time ago. On the API front, it is on account of, one, the initiatives which we have 
undertaken last year with project called Project Pragati, which involves cost optimization, 
operational efficiency, procurement, so it's a comprehensive program, which was undertaken. 
And that's one driver of improved margins. 
 
The second driver of improved margins on our formulations business has been the reshaping of 
the portfolio itself. We have driven business growth with -- on portfolio, which are high growth, 
higher margins, and at the same time, we have also discontinued less attractive segments that we 
participate in. So that's really the two main drivers for this. 
 
And I think the third one would be our whole cost optimization efforts that we have undertaken 
as well. Yes, that's the mix. Now the other part of the question is, do we get back to 50% 
historical levels. I can't give you any forward guidance on this. I think we've continued to give 
you guidance on our EBITDA margins pre-ESOP that we would exit last year at a double-digit 
margin, which we have. And directionally, we are looking at that improvement going forward. 
Of course, the initiatives that we have when you annualize them from last year should see an 
improvement in our gross margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman, who is an Individual Investor. 
Naman: 
First question pertains to the EBITDA margin, and I'm happy to see that you have touched the 
double-digit guided margins, which we are given. Can we expect to sustain these margins for 
the next financial year on a full year basis? And by when can we reach the mid-teens margins, 
which we have indicated in the earlier calls? 
Saurav Bhala: 
Thanks for the question. We believe, based on the projects that we are undertaking and the 
structural changes we had done, the margin of Q4 should be sustainable next year as well. Only 
add-on would be there are some quarterly fluctuations because of the season and production 
exchanges, which will happen. But the margin, to our mind, has continued. And we are working 
further to improve it. So our expectation is from low-teens to the mid-teens is where the journey 
is, which we are taking ahead. 
Naman: 
And secondly, on the overall outlook of the business as in over next few the years, over the 3-
year period, how are we seeing a top line growth on a guidance basis? And lastly, on the debt 
side, that when can we expect the debt to start coming down? And what levels of debt-to-
EBITDA are we comfortable as an organization? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Rajaram: 
So I'll take the first part on the next 2 to 3 years. Saurav just said, we do expect next year our 
EBITDA margins to be the low to mid-teen range in terms of what we will exit. And we hope 
that we're able to do better. But that's, of course, what is the band in which we would like to give 
the guidance right now. 
 
In terms of how we are going ahead, we have said that over a 3-year period, we would like to 
come towards the high teens range in terms of EBITDA margin, and we would like to grow our 
top line in double digits for the next -- on a 3-year basis. That's what as far as our top line and 
our margin line is concerned. Now coming on to the question on debt, do you want to give 
some... 
Saurav Bhala: 
Yes. So on debt, the levels, we don't see decreasing very immediately because as you understand, 
the businesses are expected to grow strongly. We are looking at a lot of -- so debt would be kind 
of funded for two things. One is to fund the working capital increase with the business growth, 
there are some requirements on that. 
 
And also, as Raja has already mentioned, we are looking at various opportunities that the market 
is presenting. So debt, as of now, based on today's projections, we remain to be at the same level. 
Having said that, debt-to-EBITDA will go down strongly. Even in my initial speech, I have said, 
already mentioned, last year it was at 4.23x. Now we are at 3.55x. And as the business 
performance improves with the EBITDA and margin improvement, we see debt-to-EBITDA 
level going down consistently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Chheda from Quest Investment Advisors Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is related to the API business. So the 
deworming portfolio, which had gone down during COVID, is that fully recovered? Or there is 
some more headroom for improvement over there? 
Rajaram: 
Do you have any -- do you have a second question? Then I can take it together. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Yes. And secondly, sir, if you could just shed some more details about the API portfolio, like 
what is the filing and development pipeline for us? And thirdly, for this API business, say, from 
this quarter's base of INR96 crores, right, say over the next three to five years, how should we 
look at the growth? 
Rajaram: 
Okay. Thank you for this. So let me start with the first one, Chintan. Yes, it's been a good set of 
results. We hope to hold it as we continue with our plan.  
First on the deworming portfolio, 
there are different markets where this portfolio exists and we are not seeing any further reduction 
in the deworming portfolio, which is what seemed to be a trend a little while ago. In fact, we are 
seeing an uptick happening on the deworming portfolio. 
 
There is, of course, a shift in the kind of markets where the portfolio is growing. And also in the 
deworming portfolio, there are different sets of molecules. It's not just one. So on a total 
aggregate basis, this is a portfolio which -- where we are very strong and at the same time, it is 
also a portfolio which is seeing volume growth.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 9 of 15 
 
The other important thing is that we have -- a lot of our cost optimization initiatives have been 
in this portfolio and those have given us more competitiveness and improved margin, which 
allows us to expand our volume. So I would say, this is -- from an outlook point of view, this 
portfolio is a steady portfolio right now. 
 
The second, in terms of our new filings, our typical rate is that we do about three to four every 
year. Last year, it was a bit backended where we filed more in the last quarter, we did two filings. 
We expect typically around three to four filings happening every year.  
But in terms of the choice of the products that we will file for, we will have a bias towards 
companion animal products rather than production animal APIs. And we have already with us 
three to four filings, which will happen next year. Most of it are in companion animals. And 
that's the area where we believe that there is an opportunity for faster and more sustainable 
growth. 
 
The third question on the API volume for the next three to five years, I don't think I can give 
you specifics on where the INR96 crores will go. I think on an overall basis, it is fair to say that 
a three-digit number per quarter is what we certainly aspire to have consistently in the next 12 
to 24 months. But beyond that, it would, of course, depend on how fast we are able to 
commercialize some of the new products which we have launched and are planning to launch.  
And in the API business, the first one or two years of the launch tends to be fairly muted in terms 
of volumes as the validation get completed, etcetera, and then the acceleration starts. It will also 
depend, of course, a bit on how the pricing environment is.  
We would hold on to volumes, but if the pricing environment remains what it is right now, which 
is the pressures continue, then of course you could have volume growth and a bit of lower price 
growth. So ballpark, I would say that a three-digit per quarter number is what we are aspiring 
for in the next 12 to 24 months average. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Perfect. Got that. And secondly, on the ESOP side, so are we looking to issue any new ESOPs? 
And for the next couple of years, how should we look at this cost? 
Rajaram: 
So on the -- whether we've got to issue -- see, we constantly keep looking at issuing ESOPs to 
our employees. But there is an overall pool, which is reasonably sort of fixed. So we don't expect 
the cost impact to be anything dramatic or additional from what we have. But maybe Saurav can 
tell us a bit around how do we see the next two to three years? It is a declining trend based on 
its impact. 
Saurav Bhala: 
Yes. So as Raja has already mentioned, ESOP generally, the impact is very high in initial few 
years, which we have seen in the last couple of years. And since last two quarters, the trend has 
already, if you see, has started going down. We believe that based on our current calculation, 
yes, the trend continues and our ESOP cost keeps on coming down.  
Having said that, one thing to be kept in mind is the way business is growing, we would look to 
increase our management strength and add on to some leadership positions. If that happens -- as 
and when that happens, there will be some ESOP impact to the extent. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divyanshi, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Divyanshi: 
So I have two questions. Firstly, the Europe revenues are back to single-digit growth after the 
last two quarters of strong growth. So what is the reason behind the same? And what is the 
growth rate that you're targeting for overall Europe business over the next couple of years? That's 
the first. And second, you've indicated in your earlier calls that you're looking at strategic M&A. 
So could you provide an update on the same? Would we have any M&A activity in the near 
term? 
Rajaram: 
So the first question on Europe. In fact, our Europe business has started. It's, in fact, performing 
better than it was. And we have begun to see strong growth in Europe. If you remove some of 
the portfolio decisions which we have taken last year, then our growth would, in fact, be closer 
to double digit as we go ahead. Europe continues to be strong. Spain is performing well. Markets 
in Belgium, Netherlands continue to do well.  
So going ahead, we certainly look for the European business to be always in the higher single 
digit, early double digit kind of growth unless, of course, there are any surprises. But right now, 
our portfolio is strong and building on that.  
The second part of it in terms -- is to remember that in Europe has been a big contributor to our 
margin improvement profile. And it went through a serious challenge post the Ukraine war had 
started. But now things have stabilized. And therefore, we are seeing that flow into our results 
of this year. And I think in the coming financial year, we should begin to see even better 
performance in Europe. 
 
The second part of it on strategic M&A, we are looking for different opportunities to expand our 
business. Some of it is around licensing. Some of it is around strategic partnerships. M&A is 
part of our growth plan. We are constantly evaluating targets, including some in India.  
And as far as the nature of targets are concerned, we are open both to targets and formulations 
as well as any opportunity on the API side, which allows us to -- which is complementary to our 
business in terms of supporting us for, for example, in the area of acceleration of R&D or 
acceleration of manufacturing synergies. And so that's something we are actively looking at. But 
of course, we will need to make any such move very, very responsibly. It has to be something 
that is accretive to our business. And this company has been built on acquisitions in the past, 
and that is an important part of our journey so far. So it continues to remain as our priority. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishika Mehra, who is an individual investor. 
Rishika Mehra: 
I have two sets of questions. One is on the emerging market, that the business has been weak 
since last few quarters. So when do we expect growth to come back in the business? And is there 
any update regarding the pricing and the currency situation in Turkey, that being one? And the 
second one is on the India business that we've seen some growth year-on-year in quarter four. 
However, it has been down sequentially? So when do we expect the revival in the business? 
What kind of growth are we targeting for India business? And what would be the drivers for this 
year? That's it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Rajaram: 
Thank you for this question. On emerging markets, it's a large set of countries. So it's a bit -- we 
would have to deconstruct it in terms of our big markets and in terms of the smaller markets. If 
you look at -- and I'll combine the first and the second question because it involves Turkey. So 
one of our big markets in emerging markets is Turkey. In Turkey, we have seen some 
stabilization in terms of the economic policies which we have put in, etcetera. And therefore, 
even though there has been high inflation, our actions in terms of price increase, in terms of 
portfolio optimization and also stepping up efforts for volume growth have helped us grow the 
Turkey business, and there has been a significant improvement in terms of margin as well. 
 
Of course, in Turkey, it makes no sense to only talk about top line growth because the inflation 
itself is at 60% year-on-year. So suffice to say that we are able to take our pricing increases to 
completely compensate for any inflation. And therefore, that helps us keep the margin in place 
as well as the top line. And the reason we are able to do that in Turkey is because we have a very 
strong competitive position in terms of market presence. 
 
I mean our portfolio, the fact that we have one of the large teams over there, we are in the top 5 
players over there as far as the production animal segment is concerned. So in Turkey, pricing 
is one of the drivers right now to compensate for inflation. But at the same time, we are also 
looking at expansion in volumes. 
 
The second part of the emerging markets is, a big country for us, is Brazil. After 3 or 4 years of 
very strong performance earlier, Brazil has seen pressures. And some of that is a bit short term 
because our business, which is there in Brazil, has a component of contracts and tenders. And 
sometimes you get a tender, you lose the tender. And those kind of variations have impacted 
some of the aggregates in emerging market results. 
 
But one important thing, which has happened in emerging markets, is really the Middle East, 
North Africa segment, countries like Egypt, etcetera, where we have faced a currency challenge 
in recent times. It's not that there is an order challenge in terms of business or sales, but releasing 
money from the Central Bank to be able to pay the suppliers has been a bit difficult for all the 
importers. So we're seeing some pressure there as well in emerging markets. 
 
But the way to look at emerging markets is to take them as 1 large bundle and begin to accelerate 
wherever there's an opportunity and derisk ourselves when we go through these kind of 
challenges. And therefore, I would say that emerging markets will be a mix for a while. And the 
fact that the larger market sector, Turkey etcetera, for us are growing, we'll make sure that at an 
aggregate level, we will do well. 
 
The India business, which is the third question which you have asked, is very strategic and 
important to us. India has a large population of production animals, which is cattle and dairy. 
And we are a midsized player in India, and therefore, the opportunity is for us to really grow 
very fast here. We have grown well last year. As you know, we have 2 parts of our business: one 
which we distribute for one of the large internationals, and we also have a part of the business 
which we manufacture our own brands. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
On the distribution side of the business, we had a couple of supply challenges from the principal, 
and that is hopefully getting restored and we should continue to maintain that momentum. On 
our own brand, we are, of course, growing very fast, well ahead of the market in double digits. 
And going ahead, therefore, we should expect that the India business should be a double-digit 
growth business for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors Private 
Limited. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Congratulations on excellent turn around. okay. Secondly, I mean, your overall 3 years 
perspective, what you have said. So first of all, I mean, API, we are operating at what capacity 
API business? And if we have to dissect, I mean API, say, last year, we did around INR325 
crores if we continue to maintain run rate of around INR95 crores to INR100 crores. So I 
understand that our first -- I mean, growth will be in the first year itself largely then relatively in 
second and third year, it will be kind of a muted growth in API business. Is that fair 
understanding? 
Rajaram: 
Can you just complete your question, Mr. Bharat Sheth. The first one is on API capacity, which 
you asked about how much are we utilizing. I didn't get the question on your -- very clearly on 
the numbers you are talking of -- can you just repeat the second part of your question? 
Bharat Sheth: 
On API last year, I mean, in FY '24, we did around INR325 crores kind of a run rate annualized. 
And if we take around INR95 crores to INR100 crores quarterly run rate then it was out 
somewhere a INR400 crores kind of a thing in the '25 itself. So then first that, I believe that the 
growth will be muted kind of a growth? Or if you can give a little more color? And second thing, 
in API, how do we plan to improve the EBITDA margin? So we may get some lower-end margin 
and will keep on increasing higher-end products, whichever generate higher end margin? 
Rajaram: 
Thank you for your questions. So the first one, in terms of API capacity utilization. We are today 
at about 70% to 75% is what we use. And that -- we have capacity with us, as for our current 
portfolio, is something that we largely have at least for another year. We do have plans to reshape 
some of this capacity. So it's not necessarily increasing the capacity, but it is also about using 
the right product mix in this. And our project in terms of manufacturing excellence has also 
allowed us to get more out of the capacity that we have. 
 
So in terms of how we look at the year ahead, yes, last year was, of course, a difficult year. I 
would not annualize the INR95 crores, INR100 crores straight away into next year and say that 
it to be INR400 crores. I think that's closer to what we want to reach when we exit the year. So 
expectation is certainly that we should be ballpark anywhere between INR80 crores to INR100 
crores average per quarter. Some quarters will be INR100 crores, some quarters may be closer 
to INR80 crores, INR82 crores. That's because this is the phase in which we are also introducing 
new products. And then going ahead, of course, we certainly expect to be at the INR100 crores 
plus range from the following year. 
 
Then coming on to the way in which we improve EBITDA margins. There are 2, 3 levers for 
that. The first is, of course, at the gross margin level itself. And there, there is -- there are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 13 of 15 
 
initiatives in terms of reduction of some of our costs with CI, cost improvement program and 
also in terms of some optimization efforts that we do in procurement.  The second area is really 
enough product mix, which we have. Because that is an important part as we begin to get more 
and more confirmation of businesses from the regulated markets, which is where our historical 
sort of advantage has been and strength has been. 
 
So as that mix improves, we would tend to get customers to value U.S. FDA production and the 
certified production from our side. We should get the product mix and regulated market is the 
second way in which we include our margin. And third, of course, is that scale itself gets you 
better margins as we begin to expand our production capacity volumes over there. And I think 
Saurav will talk to you about cost optimization. Yes. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Great, sir. Sir is that fair understanding over three period our revenue mix will be more 
tended toward India, which is one of the largest, I mean, focused market and regulated market 
on the formulation side. Because emerging market, we keep on taking some kind of a tailwind. 
So it tends to have muted kind of growth in our aspiration to grow double-digit over the next 3 
years. Is that fair understanding? 
Rajaram: 
I think there are 3 -- you split them into 3 areas. One is the regulated markets for the API business 
is our focus. But we must remember that the emerging markets are very fast-growing end product 
markets, for many marginals. And therefore, those markets also do provide an opportunity. We 
need to be competitive in those markets and some products. And when you have a leverage 
because of your regulated market supplies, you can be competitive in the emerging markets as 
well. So it's not a market that we're going to ignore. It's just that we will not be selling at any 
kind of price and compete just for that. Margins are going to be important. 
 
The second part of it is that India is important for us from a domestic formulation business. It is 
something that we are expanding. It's a big market. It is fairly underpenetrated in terms of 
medication for animals. And we also have a good advantage in terms of having overseas 
formulation facilities. So unlike many other generic players, we are able to import fast. 
 
Recently, we launched 3 products from international range, which was there in Turkey and 
Spain, and we've brought them into India. So we have some advantage of bringing it at speed 
and introducing at India. And the European business, of course, is an important business. So it's 
a combination of all our presence in regulated markets and India gives us the leverage to be able 
to compete in emerging markets as well. 
 
That's probably the good part of our business is that we're dependent on only the emerging 
markets, which even though they may have a high demand, have some risks at sometimes in 
currency, et cetera. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Sir, any color on our entry into the U.S. formulation market? 
Rajaram: 
I think the U.S. formulation piece, as we have said before, is on hold for us. We will look at our 
strategic priorities. As I said earlier, we are looking at M&A. We are looking at business 
development. And we hope that in this 6 to 9 months, we are able to make some more choices 
around where we want to grow for fresh investment. At this point in time, it's on hold. Although 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 14 of 15 
 
like we have said before, development part of it is largely complete and we hold the tech packs, 
et cetera, are all fully available with us to be able to expand. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. The last question for you. Understand, I mean, however, whatever project you have taken, 
I mean, for restructuring and for growing in a better way, is now all over. So any exceptional 
further do we expect like we had book accrual of women expert advisory fee for API given the 
manufacturing. So is there any kind of further any one-off thing do we expect or more mostly, 
it is over? 
Rajaram: 
Well, there's no planned one-off as of now, yes. Because I think most restructuring is sort of the, 
is that right? Saurav, you want to? 
Saurav Bhala: 
Yes. And just to add, Bharatji, we believe the expense part is already fully captured. The benefit 
would keep on accruing and keep on increasing. So that would be a positive surprise, hopefully. 
Bharat Sheth: 
On the debt, sir, can you give some color last -- I mean, quarter we said that we mean update for 
a whole NTT as the one and we -- Central Bank also, we did some restructuring in the borrowing. 
So now how do we see that cost of borrowing going ahead? 
Saurav Bhala: 
Borrowing, as I've already indicated in my earlier slide, we expect it to be at the level. But the 
debt-to-EBITDA level and other metrics will keep on improving with our EBITDA improving, 
is what we forecast as of now. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And what is the cost of borrowing at the moment? And how do we see it going ahead? 
Rajaram: 
Sorry? 
Bharat Sheth: 
Cost of borrowing? So interest rate that we are exiting growing? 
Saurav Bhala: 
Probably all those questions because -- can be taken offline also. 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So basically, I wanted to understand when you talk about mergers and acquisitions, you already 
have around INR400 crores, INR500 crores of debt on your balance sheet. So how do you look 
at this leverage angle when you consider mergers and acquisitions? Because our interest costs 
are pretty high. It's not really helping our profitability when we are making acquisitions because 
we're taking on debt to do this. So given where we are right now, how do you look at mergers 
and acquisitions? 
Rajaram: 
So look, if there is an opportunity, I think we -- there are different ways of doing that. We would 
not lose out on a really good opportunity. We do have a very strong prime promoter with us, 
who is always encouraging us to look at any kind of growth. And therefore, there are different 
ways of doing it if we ever come to that stage. 
 
I think -- but we are not averse to getting a strong business development opportunity which 
comes in. As I said very clearly, it will be something very responsible and more importantly, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SeQuent Scientific Limited 
 
May 16, 2024 
Page 15 of 15 
 
something which is accretive. And we are supported well in terms of our primary promoter on 
this. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So just last question on this. When you talk about double-digit growth aspirations over the last 
-- over the next three years, does that include are you factoring in acquisitions or acquisitions 
will be on top of that? Are you talking about organic double-digit growth from here? Or are you 
talking about... 
Rajaram: 
Yes. We're only talking organic right now because -- Kaustav, because we don't have -- we don't 
have close visibility on the inorganic part of it. It's just that we continue to scan and we continue 
to look at accretive opportunities. But right now, everything that we've spoken about is, call it, 
purely on the organic front. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Rajaram: 
Thank you very much. Thank you for being on this call. It is, as I've said before and we've shared, 
a good quarter for us. It is encouraging the way our efforts are now playing out. We do hope to 
sustain going ahead. And our plans currently give us the confidence that the guidance that we 
have given, we will be able to hold on and deliver on that. Thank you very much for being on 
this call. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of SeQuent Scientific Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
