iJsAGAR 
SCL: SEC: NSE: BSE: 2024-25 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd., 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai-400 051 
Symbol 
Series 
ISIN 
Symbol 
Series 
ISIN 
Dear Sir, 
SAGCEM 
EQ 
INE 229C01021 
SAGCEM 
DEBT 
INE433R07016 
CEMENTS L M TED 
20th May, 2024 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai -400 001 
Script Code: 502090 
Sub: Submission of transcription of Conference Call under Regulation 30 read with Schedule 
Ill of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 on Q4 & FY24 financial results 
Pursuant to the above said Regulation, we are forwarding herewith the transcription of the 
Conference Call held by on 15th May, 2024 in connection with the recently announced 
stand-alone and consolidated financial results for the Q4 & FY24 financial performance. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
F(1_
SSgar Cements Limited
\l. 
J.Raja Reddy 
Company Secretary 
M.No:A3 l l 13 
Encl:a/a 
Registered Office: Plot No. I 11, Road No. I 0,Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad - 500033,Telangana State, India. 
Phone : +91-40-23351571, 23351572 Fax : +91-40-23356573 E-mail : info@sagarcements.in Website: www.sagarcements.in 
CIN : L26942TG 1981 PLC002887 GSTIN : 36AACCS8680H2ZY 
Factories: MattampallyVillage & Mandal, Suryapet District,Telangana State - 508204. Phone: 08683 - 247039 GSTIN: 36AACCS8680H I zz 
Bayyavaram Village, Kasimkota Manda!, Anakapally District, Andhra Pradesh State - 531031. Phone : 08924-244550 Fax : 08924-244570 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I zx
Gudipadu Village, Yadiki Mandal, Ananthapur District, Andhra Pradesh State - 515408. Phone: 08558-200272 GSTIN : 37 AACCS8680H I ZX 
Kalinganagar, lnduscrial Complex,Tahsil-Dangadi, Dist - Jajpur, Odisha. Phone : 08340882288 GSTIN : 2 IAACCS8680H I ZA 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Sreekanth Reddy - Joint Managing Director 
 
ANALYSTS: 
Shravan Shah 
Amit Murarka 
Vibha Jain 
Sumangal Nevatia 
Rajesh Ravi 
Prateek Kumar 
Siddhesh Raje 
 
Presentation 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Sagar Cements' Q4 
and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
We have with us today Mr. Sreekanth Reddy, Joint Managing 
Director; Mr. K. Prasad, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Rajesh Singh, 
Chief Marketing Officer; and Mr. J. Raja Reddy, the Company 
Secretary. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Gavin Desa of CDR. Over to 
you, Gavin. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Manish, and thank you for the introductions. I'd just like to 
add that some of the statements made in today's discussions may be 
forward-looking in nature and a note to this effect was stated in the 
con call invite sent to you. We trust you've had a chance to go through 
the presentation and the result communications. 
 
I would now like to hand over to Mr. Sreekanth Reddy for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, Sreekanth. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you Gavin. Good morning everyone and welcome to Sagar 
Cements’ earnings call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024.   
 
Let me begin the discussion with a brief overview of the market – in 
terms of demand and pricing post which I will move on to Sagar 
specific developments. 
 
Overall, we have seen a good buoyancy in volumes across our key 
markets during the quarter. Demand from Infrastructure projects and 
urban real estate remained steady, although we did witness some 
softening in rural demand during Q4. In addition to the volume 
growth, prices of key input material as well remained steady during 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
the quarter. However, despite good volumes overall pricing trend 
remained relatively benign. A combination of higher volumes and 
steady input prices aided margins and profitability improvement 
despite muted realisations. However, we are hopeful that the pricing 
trend will improve over the coming quarters, which in turn will help 
us further sustain the profitability improvement.    
 
Let me now move on to our quarterly performance, we have had a 
good end to the fiscal with good volume growth during the quarter. To 
quantify, we have registered volumes of 1.61 mn mt for the quarter 
which is 15% higher than Q3FY24, while for the full year we have 
generated volumes of ~ 5.51 mn mt, in line with our guidance of 
closing the year with volumes of 5.6 mn Mt. For FY25, as we 
mentioned in our previous call we are targeting overall volumes of 6.5 
mn Mt. 
 
Moving to the headline numbers, our revenues for the quarter stood at 
Rs. 709 crores as against Rs. 622 crores during Q4FY23, higher by 
14%. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 68 crores as against Rs. 39 
crores generated during Q4FY23 and Rs. 87 crores during Q3FY24. 
Margins for the quarter stood at 10% as against 6% in Q4FY23 and 
13% in previous quarter. Margins for the quarter could have been even 
higher but for the muted realisations mentioned earlier. Margin 
improvement during the quarter, is in part owing to higher operating 
leverage and also on account of steady input prices. We expect the 
margin trajectory and EBITDA/ton improvement to sustain going 
forward as well on the back of our investment towards cost 
rationalization and commitment towards increasing the share of green 
energy in the overall mix.  
 
Profit after tax stood at Rs. 12 crores for the quarter as against a profit 
of Rs. 88 crores generated during Q4FY23 and loss of Rs. 11 crores 
reported during Q3FY24. 
 
In terms of key operational activities, as mentioned earlier, our efforts 
are directed towards improving the overall efficiencies and ramping 
up the utilization levels of our recently acquired units. Jeerabad and 
Jajpur units are performing as per our expectations.   
 
Power & fuel cost stood at Rs. 1,556 per ton as against Rs. 1,817 per 
ton reported during Q4 FY23. Freight cost for the quarter stood at Rs. 
849 per ton as against Rs. 834 per ton during Q4FY23. On a 
sequential basis though as mentioned earlier, we have seen moderation 
in fuel and freight cost.   

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
From an operational point of view, Mattampally plant operated at 55% 
utilization while Gudipadu, Bayyavaram, Jeerabad, Jajpur and 
Dachepalli plants operated at 100%, 77%, 82% ,35%and 40%, 
respectively, during the quarter. 
 
As far as the key balance sheet items are concerned the gross debt as 
on 31st March 2024 stood at Rs. 1,439 crores out of which Rs. 1,248 
crores as a long-term debt and the remaining constitutes the working 
capital. The net worth of the company on a consolidated basis as on 
31st March 2024 stood at Rs. 2,020 crores. Debt equity ratio stands at 
0.62:1. Cash and bank balances were at Rs. 262 crores as on 31st 
March 2024.  
 
In summary, we believe our diversified regional presence, improving 
product mix and consistent focus towards lowering costs and 
improving operational efficiencies positions us well to create value for 
our stakeholders. 
 
That concludes my opening remarks. We would now be glad to take 
any questions that you may have. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
We have the first question from Shravan Shah. Please go ahead. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Hi, just coming to first on the volume front. So, for this year, we are 
looking at 6.5 million tons versus previously we have guided 7 million 
tons. So just if you can help me in terms of -- are we confident that 
this number can be achieved and how much likely to be from the 
Andhra Cement? And even if you can help me, how much are we 
looking at from the Jajpur? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Good morning, Shravan. You're right. Our guidance was for 7 million 
tons. But looking at the ground impact on the elections that we have 
had and the ramp-up post-election has pushed us down from 7 million 
tons to 6.5 million tons. Now how confident are we to achieve these 
numbers? These are on the basis that second half is going to be much, 
much better compared to the Q1. So that is the basis for our outlook of 
achieving 6.5 million tons, Mr. Shravan. 
 
Now bulk of these numbers are actually coming from ramp-up of 
Jajpur as well as Andhra. Of course, we are also expecting some 
amount of -- around 5% increment of volumes from Mattampally also, 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Specific numbers, we would be very happy to revert back to you on 
each unit wise, Mr. Shravan. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Second, in terms of the EBITDA or the profitability, so which 
we are significantly low for what we have guided previously. So, for 
EBITDA absolute level also, we were looking at ₹130-odd crores in 
this quarter and full-year also close to ₹310-odd crores, which versus 
for FY '24, we have reported ₹246 crores. So, for FY '25, how are we 
now looking at in terms of the absolute EBITDA? And maybe if you 
can help us in terms of the EBITDA per ton. So there also need to 
understand your thought in terms of the -- how are we now looking at 
in terms of the pricing. So, with the current prices, how much are they 
down versus the Q4 FY '24 average? And when we are looking at the 
prices to improve? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Shravan, the first thing for the last question that you have asked 
about the current prices. Current prices are ₹5 to ₹10 lower than the 
Q4 prices. March exit to now, the prices in the markets that we operate 
are anywhere between ₹5 to ₹10 per bag lower. Going forward for the 
EBITDA guidance for the coming year, it is too soon for us. So, the 
only thing that we believe, which is in our control is, we believe costs 
are likely to come down by ₹100 for us per ton from Q4 to current 
quarter. 
 
We would be happy to come back to you about the specific margin 
guidance probably by during the Q1 results. By then, we believe most 
of the electioneering and the government settling in post-election and 
everything is likely to happen. So, post that, we would be in a much 
comfortable situation to give the guidance for the entire year on the 
margin, Mr. Shravan. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. So, when we say ₹5 to ₹10 lower versus March exit, does that 
mean that if we look at the March or Q4 average, then this number 
could be ₹10 to ₹15 lower? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. That's what I mentioned, Shravan. From exit of March, March 
more or less was very stable. March was lower to February, and 
February again was lower by Jan. From there, again, further ₹5 to ₹10 
lower in most of the markets that we operate. We believe that this is 
due to the severe drop in terms of the volumes at the marketplace, 
purely because of the electioneering and the weather-related issues, 
Mr. Shravan. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Why I was trying to understand in terms of our profitability is 
that when we are saying in terms of the debt profile that we have set, 
so will that further... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, Mr. Shravan, in our general internal calculation, we did not factor 
any pricing domain. The only advantage that we are going to get is 
from the ramp-up of the existing plants, because as mentioned even in 
the previous quarter, bulk of our costs actually were higher during the 
whole of last year, because we upgraded the plant at Mattampally. So 
Mattampally plant was shut for almost close to three, three and a half 
months. At the same time, Andhra and Jajpur plants were operating at 
a very, very low operating rates. 
 
So, what we have pencilled in is the usual performance, but not an 
optimistic kind of a scenario. But we would be in a much, much better 
situation to look at these numbers as we go forward. I think we are 
hopeful that by when we discussed during the Q1 results of the current 
year, yeah, we should have a lot more clarity about how the margin is 
going to shape up. But we are very, very confident that our debt 
profile may not be significantly different from what we have indicated 
in our presentation. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And lastly, in terms of the incentive, so MP ₹30 crore 
incentive... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
We did not receive yet. Though it is sanctioned, but we do not receive. 
We are hoping to receive that. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
So, in Q1, will it come or it will be in Q2? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think Q1, we are almost halfway through. Highly unlikely because I 
think with the elections happening and the results coming only by the 
first week of June, by the time the government machinery would start 
focusing on the governance, general governance, we believe that Q1 
should be done. I think we hope to receive during the first half, Mr. 
Shravan. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And this ₹30 crore incentive will be there every year as an 
when we will keep on... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. It is every year for the next seven years. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
And is there any other incentive that we will be getting apart this? 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
There are quite a few outstanding realisations, but those outstanding 
realisations of -- I mean, incentives have been there. Around ₹150-odd 
crore of it got accumulated. But we did not receive for last 10 years. 
So, I don't know when we will receive. These have been due across 
few states, that is both Telangana, Andhra and Odisha, but we don't 
know when we are likely to receive them. They have been outstanding 
for quite some time. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
And lastly, on the Vizag land sale. Previously, we're looking at by end 
of this year, FY '25, we will be... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think that's what remain. I think though for last quarter and we 
believe even in the current quarter, there not be any moment because 
there is a notification that is happening. As you know, that in Andhra, 
both state and central elections are happening. So last quarter and as 
well as in this quarter, we could not make any progress. And it's 
exactly what we have planned in. So we are more than hopeful by end 
of this financial year, I think we should conclude at the Vizag land 
sale. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Amit Murarka. Amit, please go 
ahead. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Hi, good morning Sreekanth. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Good morning. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Just a question on the demand environment. So like we have seen in 
the past also, like during like a year before elections, generally, the 
demand is really strong and then post elections, it kind of tends to stay 
weak for some time, maybe actually a couple of years also at times. 
Like particularly in AP, Telangana, I think it's been more pronounced 
at least in the past. So just wanted to get your sense like will this time 
around in your view, we see a similar drawdown as we have seen, let's 
say, during the 2019 cycle or because there is a bigger infrastructure 
focus and our real estate pickup that has been there. So this time the 
drawdown in volumes would be lower? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Mr. Amit, our experience, as you rightly said, that it tends to be 
extremely strong two years before the election and tends to be slow at 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
least two years post-election. This year, especially in Telangana, it has 
not been strong even pre-election. For whatever reason, the 
government probably did not focus much on those projects, which 
actually are cement demanding. But with the new government 
announcements, especially in Telangana where they clearly indicated 
that low-cost housing is their focus area. 
 
We strongly believe that this time around, especially in Telangana, it 
could be slightly different than what it has been in the past. Even in 
Andhra, we have seen it has been extremely strong because there was 
a continuity. We have to see how the government formation would 
happen, post that we would be in a much better situation to take a call 
on Andhra. But if you look at the markets that we are in, most of the 
elections are staggered. So that might give some amount of clarity in 
terms of demand rather than it being very volatile. 
 
Yes, we believe this time it is going to be a lot same from a 
perspective of it may not come down very low post this election, and 
it may not be very high going into the next election, because 
Karnataka and Tamil Nadu elections are not exactly in line with some 
of the states. Madhya Pradesh and Telangana are exactly at the same 
time. So most of these elections are staggered. So, believe even 
demand is going to be relatively better across the next five years is 
what we think. 
 
For the current two quarters, we think that it is going to be very 
subdued. And it is going to strongly pick up for the next half. Our 
internal working suggests us that probably this year it is going to be 
very similar to how it has been last year. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. Thanks for the elaborate reply. And also, on the pricing, if I 
understood you right, you said ₹5 to ₹10 lower versus March exit is 
what you said, is it? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. So, on an average Q4 basis, basically will be even much lower 
than actually? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. We are only half way through, Mr. Amit. So, so far it has been 
lower. So, let us see how it would shape up. Even Q4, entry was 
stronger, but the exit became very weak. So, it could be other way 
around for this quarter. We are hoping for that, for it to be like it had a 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
weak entry and probably exit could be strong. And so, we are keeping 
our fingers crossed. So, let's hope for that. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. Thank you. And just a last question on Andhra Cement. So, 
could you just update as to where you are on that whole expansion, 
debottlenecking process? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Regarding Andhra, though it is more known for expansion, but in 
true sense it is not just expansion. It’s actually modernisation is what 
we did, our overall cost optimisation. We actually placed the orders 
for the preheater, and we've placed orders for all the critical 
equipment. Civil works are on. 
 
We are very happy that by Q1, I think we should have completed most 
critical aspects in civil, that is the first floor -- civil works up to first 
floor should have been completed. It's critical because this floor is 
actually coming on top of the operating kiln. So once this is done, I 
think we should be in a very, very comfortable situation to -- for the 
overall implementation of the project. 
 
The main outcomes that we expect from this is, we expect the overall 
thermal efficiency to be significantly lower than what it is and to get 
aligned with the overall group kind of level, we should save quite a bit 
of costs coming from a thermal efficiency perspective. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Could you quantify that? What is the thermal efficiency now? And 
where can it get to? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, it is around close to 800 Kcal per kg of clinker. The target is to 
be close to 700, Mr. Amit. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. And what is the cost saving number that can come out of it... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think it's a tricky question. Yeah, let us wait, because the coal price, 
as you know, is a moving target. So we are saving 100 Kcal. So, 
whatever is the rupees per Kcal, would be the purchasing cost that 
would be delta... 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. Beyond energy, will there be other savings as well in this 
upgradation? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, there is going to be because your downtimes and everything is 
going to be significantly lower. Your electrical energy also is going to 
be significantly lower. The overall kind of product quality and 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
everything because it has been good. So, I would not say that it can be 
significantly higher, but it is going to be consistent. So, all these things 
will definitely lead to significant cost savings, especially on the spares 
and consumables. Quantifying them at this point of time is too soon. 
But we will be very happy to revert sooner to commissioning of that 
plant. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
And just the last question on the surplus land sale. Is there any 
progress or any...? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
End of this year, end of this current fiscal year is what we have 
committed. I think, we remain committed to that that we would be 
exiting at the earliest starting... 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Entire surplus land, is it? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, entire Vizag land. 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Yeah, Vizag land. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
We will take the next question from Vibha Jain, please go ahead. 
 
Vibha Jain: 
Yeah. Hi, my question is regarding the Capex. So what type of Capex 
we are incurring for upgradation of Gudipadu unit and Jeerabad plant 
upgradation, and also the total Capex we are expecting for FY '25 and 
'26? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, for FY '25, the overall Capex is around ₹350-odd crore. Out of 
₹350 crore, I think ₹270-odd crore or ₹250-odd crore is towards 
Andhra. And there is a ₹20 crore, ₹25 crore of Capex per 6-megawatt 
solar plant at Gudipadu. The overall Capex at Jeerabad as well as at 
Gudipadu approximately is ₹20 crores each. So, but that is spread over 
next 18 months. FY '26 numbers, we would be happy to revert back. 
Yes, the overall FY '25 numbers are roughly around ₹330 crore. 
 
Vibha Jain: 
Okay. Also, currently, we have around 11% shares in our renewable 
energy power. So, what are our targets, let's say, in next four to five 
years as we have given a detailed presentation also on the company 
presentation? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think, we did indicate in our investor presentation. Our target is to 
have 50% green power in our portfolio by 2030. We are very much in 
line to achieve those numbers, Vibha. Though last year was very 
strange. We actually reduced from the year before as Andhra ramp up 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
because Andhra, that we just acquired and it is one year, since we 
have acquired. So that actually negatively contributed to the overall 
percentages. We expect a lot of alignment to happen even from there. 
We are working towards the green energy portfolio to be around 50% 
by FY '30, and we are very much in line with that. 
 
Vibha Jain: 
Okay. And lastly, one clarification. You said in terms of cost, we are 
expecting ₹100 per ton savings in Q1 from Q4. Is that correct? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, Ma'am.   
 
Vibha Jain: 
So, ₹100 per ton major contribution will be from power and fuel or... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Power and fuel, yeah, because it's trending down. We have coal 
stocked up all the way up to end of August to early part of September. 
So, we are reasonably sure of the weighted average cost, so that itself 
should contribute around ₹100 per ton saving. It could have been 
higher, but for the operational leverage, I think it has been very low. 
As you know, the election actually has taken a serious toll on most of 
our assets for this Q1, and we are not surprised about it. As you know, 
even in the earlier call, we did indicate that Q1 is going to be weak. 
So, first half is expected to be relatively weak for us. So, it exactly is 
panning out the way we assumed it would pass for. So that operating 
leverage cost reduction, we are not expecting anything for the current 
quarter. So, the only saving is from this year. 
 
Vibha Jain: 
Okay. And lastly, on the Andhra Cements unit utilisation and 
profitability. Can you give some light on that? Like currently, we are 
40% utilisation?   
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think in the current year, we are expecting to achieve close to 50%, 
55% capacity utilisation. Margin, we would want to wait till Q1 so 
that we would have a lot more clarity about the marketplace so that we 
can take a call on that. 
 
Vibha Jain: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sumangal Nevatia.   
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Good morning, thank you for the opportunity and thanks for the very 
detailed and elaborate presentation. Just one question. One, I mean 
you shared the FY '30 target of green mix. Is it possible to share what 
could be the mix in 26-27, some medium-term target as well? 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, we will be happy sharing that Mr. Sumangal. Yeah, there is a 
vision document which has been placed out. So, I think we are 
following the same trend, but we would be very happy to give the 
breakup. Yeah, we'll be happy sharing that number, Mr. Sumangal. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. That's fine. In this net debt forecast until FY '28, for FY '26, we 
are not seeing any reduction. So just for the calculation purpose, what 
sort of CapEx and margin or say growth estimate have you built in for 
FY '26 projections? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah. We are handling '25, Sumangal. What we are expecting is a 
10% to 15% growth for volumes for the next three years from our 
internal calculation, Mr. Sumangal, from a volume perspective. From 
a Capex perspective, we believe that similar trend line is likely to 
continue into the coming year, because we are committed to build up 
the green portfolio, the green energy portfolio where we are looking at 
a waste heat recovery and the solar projects. So, likely that we might 
continue a similar kind of ₹300 crore, ₹330 crore, that kind of a 
Capex. That's one of the reasons why our net debt position may not 
significantly ideal for the coming year, but it would drop from a year 
after that. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. And in this calculation, have we put in some recovery 
from the land sale or that is additional? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
See, I think that is something which we have kept it as a cushion, 
because we don't know the exact contour. So that has not been 
pencilled in the overall kind of debt reduction plan, Mr. Sumangal. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So, you've not put in any value for that? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Pencilled in, in this plan, where we have indicated that's a cushion that 
we have kept for ourselves. We also did not factor the incentives that 
are likely to come. 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. All right. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Shravan Shah. Please go ahead. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Hi, this ₹100 cost reduction that we are looking at in Q1 FY '25? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, from Q4. Yeah. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah. And for overall FY '25, if one has to see, so apart from the 
power and fuel, what other cost savings one can look at? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think during the Q1 call, we'll be very happy narrating it because 
there is one 6-megawatt solar plant just about to start. A couple of 
initiatives are about to start. So, we'll have a lot more clarity when we 
would reach out to you during the Q1. You would be very happy 
sharing the potential kind of savings from cost perspective for the 
current year. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. And our trade share right now is at 52%, and we were looking 
at 60%. So, this 60% first of all, whether the number remains the same 
or not? And by FY '25 and '26, how much increase are we looking at? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think 60% is what our target is for the trade. But more than the target 
given the markets, we are happy doing the numbers, but we did not 
compromise on those non-trade volumes which actually were 
contributing lower. So typically, in our case, the realisation difference 
between trade and non-trade is negligible. It's not that the non-trade 
would be contributing to a lesser realisation. 
 
So, given that perspective for us, the breakup is more from a market 
since market keeps asking that number, we narrated that number, but it 
should not make a big difference internally for us from a margin 
perspective. 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And in terms of the CC ratio, so what is the CC ratio for 
Q4 and FY '24? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Our target is from current 52-odd percent, we want to reach to 60% by 
end of FY '26. I think we should be in a position. See, in this, we 
actually have what we call as the CC ratio and also the conversion 
factor. So, we -- if you look at our road map towards ESG, we did 
indicate the clinker, I think we are sticking to that. We would be very 
happy to share these ratios crystal clear for the next five years, we are 
happy sharing that with you offline, okay? 
 
Shravan Shah: 
Yeah, true. No, I was just trying to understand, in third quarter, our 
CC ratio was 1.32. So, in Q4, what was the number? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think it was a very similar number. There has not been a significant 
shift, except for increased volumes, I think the proportion has been 
very same. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rajesh Ravi. Please go ahead. 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Hi, good morning. And congrats, a very detailed presentation. My 
question pertains to the industry. We are looking at prices, exit. March 
prices was already lower versus the quarter average. And there, we 
have further seen pricing pressure, ₹5 to ₹10. Now given that the 
industry and most of the players including Sagar, from top to bottom, 
everyone is working on various cost initiatives. So, are we -- and there 
are multiple capacity additions by the top players and even some of 
the -- on the sub 10 million-ton companies also adding capacity? 
 
My question is, how are you looking at the industry? Are we entering 
into a zone where for next three, four years, we may not see any price 
improvement on a CAGR basis? Earlier, we used to see a 1%, 2% sort 
of price improvement... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Mr. Rajesh, I'm sorry to stop with there. But I think are we looking at 
something very different from past? I think we are not looking at 
anything different from the past. I think past trends to the current 
trends look very, very similar. So, we have seen when there is a 
substantial volume that are coming to the market with new supply. 
There was never a time where prices were subdued or vice versa. So, I 
would not like to take a call assuming that since the new suppliers are 
coming into the market that price would be under pressure or price 
would move up. I think it's a function of time. 
 
I think the current situation, what I would like to narrate, what has 
happened during last year to what is likely to happen till middle of this 
current financial year is that volumes are under pressure. When supply 
is coming in, the demand was slightly tapering down. The new 
supplies did settle in well. If you have seen across most of the players 
who have come in, everybody has had a volume growth. This 
happened at a time when demand was not growing at the same pace. 
 
So it was true that we did put pressure on the pricing. Will the same 
trends continue? I cannot address that question. I can only go back in 
the past where we have seen similar things where price did move up. 
But since it is an election year, the availability of manpower and 
everything during these times is always a challenge. So that actually 
put a double whammy. We are more than hopeful that the second half 
of this year and probably the entire trend should come back to 
normalcy is what we think. 
 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Right. So, where I was coming in from that with so much cost savings 
being brought in the system through green power, renewable power, 
AFR usage industry is looking at. So, will that let people only focus 
on cost and not focus on pricing, because of the costs and pricing 
continue to drift? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
I think industry focusing on cost is more an inflationary issue. By 
virtue of it, it's not that margin would go up. I think it's a function of 
servicing the market at remunerative prices is also as key as focusing 
on the cost reduction. See at the best, how much you would reduce the 
cost per ton on a longer run is very, very limited. For you to save 
₹100, ₹150, you have to really stretch yourself. But for input prices, 
by consumption and all, is Capex and effort-driven thing. But you 
losing ₹100 in a market is a blink of eye. Rather you gaining also is 
very similar. 
 
So, I think it has to be a mixed focus. We cannot focus only on cost 
and be happy about sustaining the margin. But these are the things 
which we are seeing right through last two decades that I started my 
career for. It has been the trend, so this is no exception. And I don't 
think it will be very different going forward. 
 
So, it has -- focus has to be on everything. Focus cannot be only on 
cost, and we let go the market, that has been a disaster in the past, and 
I don't think our industry can afford to remain complacent by just 
focusing on cost and not focusing on the... 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prateek Kumar. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Good morning, couple of questions - firstly, on new capacities in your 
market, which are the new capacities which are commissioned 
recently and you're looking at like next year? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes, Prateek, when you talk of recent, you're talking about quarter or 
you were talking about last two months? 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Past six months. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, past six months, I think, Ramco, Kolimigundla, I think, they are 
good close to a year now, but I think ramping up is almost complete 
for them. Shree commissioned, I think they are in a stage to ramp up. 
We are expecting Deccan to commission any time soon, probably in 
this month or maybe by end of this month to early part of next month 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
ramp-up probably should be spent over the next six months. These are 
something which is happening in the Nalgonda cluster, and as well as 
in Yerraguntla cluster. 
 
Gulbarga, I think the only plant which is due for commissioning is 
Chettinad Kallur plant, which is probably commissioned or about to 
be commissioned. That looks to be around 2.5 million to 3 million. 
These are something which we have seen. Yeah, what are likely to get 
commissioned over the next one year? Not many things are at a stage 
where this incremental supply, anything new is likely to happen in the 
regions that we are at. Probably a year later, we do expect a few more, 
but we would be very happy to revert once we have clarity on them. 
 
The one thing that I missed is the My Home, Mella chervu Line 4 that 
also got commissioned in the last three to five months back. They are 
also in a ramp-up. Yeah, UltraTech, Tadipatri, yeah, I missed one 
other thing. UltraTech, Tadipatri Line 3, that also is due in the current 
quarter or probably early part of next quarter. The one which is in the 
visibility, which they are about to start work is, again, Tadipatri or 
rather Petnikota, the UltraTech Petnikota, which they have announced, 
but that's probably 18 months away from now. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. So, we are like sort of also included like Tamil Nadu capacities 
of Dalmia and UltraTech... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, those are grinding plants, so... 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
And is there any change in operating rates or something for Kesoram 
plants post-acquisition, which is still not completed, but is there a 
change in operating rate, which you see? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, we have not seen any reduction in their volumes that are coming 
into the market. Is there a change from past? I don't know. I mean I 
think they have sustained their volumes coming into the market. There 
was a very brief period when their volumes we did not see, but that 
was for a very brief period, but I think now they are more or less 
aligned with the market. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Right. And on demand for Q1, which we have talked about, like... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think Q1 definitely is going to be 15% to 20% lower, probably 
Q2 is the time when we believe that it should start ramping up. But 
yeah, I think the real Q1 numbers, we would be in a position to tell 
post June, because we started slowly seeing immediately after the 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
election day, the rail dispatches slowly started picking up. If they get 
sustained, I think we should have lost anywhere between 10% to 15% 
volumes for Q1. 
 
But our overall year numbers for the markets that we operate, we 
believe that it's going to be a single-digit growth across the markets 
that we operate or very similar numbers like how it has been last year. 
Last year, we have seen anywhere between 5% to 7.5% kind of growth 
rates in the market. So, we believe that it would happen even in the 
current year similar numbers, in spite of very low first half. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
Last time for the industry, we saw probably around 3% to 5% decline 
in first quarter like during election year-on-year for pan-India. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, this time, probably we are expecting a lot more because there 
are not many more states that went into election, the current round. So, 
the drop is going to be at least a small double-digit is what we think 
for sure. And we believe the market pickup also is going to be 
reasonably strong. 
 
Prateek Kumar: 
And generally, you said labour availability is an issue, but in terms of 
who is driving the demand, but is this the government demand which 
is slow like housing demand... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Government demand got vaporised for last Q4 all the way up to Q1, 
and I think that would be the situation even till the end of Q2 for the 
current year. The restart for the government demand would only 
happen in the second half of this year. I'm talking very specific to AP 
and Telangana. I cannot comment much on the other states in this 
regard, Prateek. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Siddhesh Raje. 
 
Siddhesh Raje: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just understand on 
the balance sheet front. So, you've indicated that there are around ₹330 
crores of annual cash payments required for debt repayment interest 
and given the EBITDA situation and overall benign price, which 
industry will go through. Do you anticipate any adverse impact on 
credit rating or need for any further equity capital raise, which the 
company needs? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, Mr. Siddhesh, I think we are very clear in our approach to the 
overall growth plans. We don't over leverage nor we will put in a 
situation where we would regret ourselves in terms of default. What 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
we have exactly factored is from the cash flows and the cash that we 
already have on our book. I think situation would not be very different 
from how it has been even for the last year in spite of our Capex 
planning, Mr. Siddhesh. 
 
I would also like to clarify that our Capex planning across the Group 
is more for cost optimisation rather than looking at growth numbers 
from hereon, because after taking over Andhra, we did indicate that it 
definitely needs some Capex to modernise with an intention not for 
incremental volume alone, but it's more from a perspective of reducing 
the cost. See these are more long-term initiatives. 
 
We do have recent cash flows, I would not say very strong cash flows, 
but we also sit on the cash, which gives comfort that we would never 
default, that would not put pressure on our credit rating. So, we are 
very sure that it would not stress us out in terms of the cash flow 
related issues. 
 
We did pencil the current market scenario of having the stressed 
pricing and reduced demand at least for two quarters that we did factor 
in our kind of a narration. Yeah, we did give a similar kind of net debt 
position a few years back without Andhra. I think that situation is not 
significantly different from what we have given. Now two years back, 
we did share the business plan, where we did indicate our debt 
positions. I think this is not very significantly different from that in 
spite of acquiring Andhra Cement. 
 
So, regarding the equity raise, the requirement for equity raise is more 
from a compliance perspective, but not from the necessity perspective. 
I don't think we have any plans to raise equity at the parent company 
even. 
 
Siddhesh Raje: 
Got it. Thank you.  
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. Sir, there are a couple of questions from the chat window. 
The first question is related to cash flow. Sagar has released about 
₹150 crore of working capital this year. Do you expect working 
capital to remain same this year or improve from here? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think working capital is a function of volumes that we do. The 
second issue also is it's more to do with the non-fund, because, as you 
know, with the new mining regulations, there is something called 
MDP – you have 100% of it you need to give us bank guarantees. So 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
it's more a function of fulfilling certain statutory obligations in terms 
of giving bank guarantees and related issues. 
 
And at the same time, with the ramp-up of Andhra and all, it is 
obvious that we would definitely need increased working capital as a 
policy in the past, we used to keep six months of fuel inventory, so we 
would want to go back to that. But for those issues, we don't expect 
any other working capital requirements to come up. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay. Second question is when do we expect Andhra Cement to 
breakeven at EBITDA level? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
We are hopeful that it should have been in the current financial year. 
We should do the same thing by Q1, same time next year end of Q1 
next year, we believe that we should reach to that point. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Okay. The third one is if you can guide on how much was demand 
growth in your markets in FY '24? And what are the expectations for 
'25? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think as indicated in the earlier comments, the average market 
growth in the regions that we operate ranged anywhere between 5% to 
10%. On an average, it is anywhere between 6% to 7.5%. It's the same 
guidance for FY '25 is what we are giving. As we had a very 
symmetric kind of, we believe it is going to be very symmetrical even 
in the current year. 
 
If you remember, last year, we had elections, so we had similar kind 
of an impact for some of the key states that we operate in. And that is 
the case even now. So, we believe this year is going to be very 
symmetric like last year. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rajesh Ravi.  
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Hi, the FY '24, we see your trade payables have increased 
significantly. So, will that continue to stay at the elevated level and... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think it's all to do with the imported fuel, and the cost with 
which I think with the imported fuel prices trending the way they are, 
likely that it will come down significantly, Mr. Rajesh. 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. This is more regarding to your fuel inventories... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yeah, that is quite a significant portion of our overall cost. 

Sagar Cements Limited (SAGCEM) 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 15, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay. So, this may normalise in subsequent years? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
It is. It has actually -- the current trends itself were coming down, and 
I think it is likely that the trend were lower than what it has been last 
year. 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
So, this year, you mentioned, I think, ₹250 crores of Capex FY '25? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
₹330 crore Capex Mr. Rajesh. 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
And how are you looking at your debt numbers? Even if you're able to 
monetise some of the assets... 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
No, I think monetisation, as I mentioned even earlier, we did not 
pencil in even the incentives that are likely to come. We believe that 
we should end up at a net debt position of somewhere around ₹1,275 
crores to ₹1,300 crore with increased working capital requirement. 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
How much you're saying, sorry, net debt what it is? 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
₹1,275 crores to ₹1,300 crores. This includes increased working 
capital levels. 
 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Right. Okay. Great. That's all from my end. Thank you. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. In case, if there are any further questions, please indicate 
by raise of hand. As there are no further questions, request you to 
please give your closing comments. 
 
Sreekanth Reddy: 
Yes. Thank you, Manish. Thank you, Gavin. Thank you each one of 
you for joining on the call. We would once again like to thank you for 
joining us on the call. I hope you got all the answers you are looking 
for. Please feel free to contact our team at Sagar or CDR India should 
you need any further information or have any further queries. We will 
be more than happy to discuss them with you. Thank you again. Have 
a good day. Thank you. 
 
