  
 
Biocon Limited 
20th KM, Hosur Road 
Electronic City  
Bangalore 560 100, India 
T 91 80 2808 2808 
F 91 80 2852 3423 
 
CIN : L24234KA1978PLC003417 
 
www.biocon.com  
 
BIO/SECL/SP/2024-25/26 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 050 
Scrip Code- 532523 
Scrip Symbol- BIOCON 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call Q4 FY24 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated May 17, 2024, regarding presentation and video recording of Q4 
FY24 Earnings Call held on May 16, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call.  
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.biocon.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts/. 
 
Kindly take the above said information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Biocon Limited 
 
                  
 
_____________ 
Mayank Verma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: ACS 18776 
 
Encl. as above 
 
 
 
MAYANK 
VERMA
Digitally signed by 
MAYANK VERMA 
Date: 2024.05.23 
15:09:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
May 16, 2024 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Speakers and Participants from Biocon Limited, Biocon Biologics Limited & Syngene 
International Limited 
 
 
 
Mr. Peter Bains – Group CEO, Biocon Limited  
 
Mr. Siddharth Mittal – CEO & Managing Director, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Shreehas Tambe – CEO & Managing Director, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Kedar Upadhye – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Ms. Rhonda Duffy – Chief Operating Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Abhijit Zutshi – Chief Commercial Officer, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Matthew Erick – Chief Commercial Officer – Advanced Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Susheel Umesh – Chief Commercial Officer – Emerging Markets, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Manoj Pananchukunnath – Chief Scientific Officer, Biocon Limited 
 
Mr. Sandeep Athalye – Chief Development Officer, Biocon Biologics Limited 
 
Mr. Sibaji Biswas - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director, Syngene International Limited 
 
Mr. Saurabh Paliwal – Head - Investor Relations, Biocon Limited 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
 
 
Damayanti Kerai – HSBC Securities and Capital Markets (India) Private Limited 
 
Jainil Shah – JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited 
 
Surya Narayan Patra – Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
 
Neha Manpuria – BofA Securities India Limited 
 
Ankush Mahajan – Axis Securities Limited 
 
Nitin Agarwal – DAM Capital Advisors Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Prepared Remarks Session 
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Good evening, everyone. I am Saurabh Paliwal from Biocon’s Investor Relations team, and I would like to welcome 
you to today’s earnings call for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2024. 
I would like to indicate that all the participants will be in a listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity to ask 
questions after the opening remarks conclude. Should you need to ask a question please select the raise hand 
option in the reaction tab of the Zoom application. We will call out your name and unmute your line to enable you 
to ask a question. While asking a question please begin with your name and organization. Please note that the 
chat box is disabled but you can raise any technical concerns by sending us an email to 
investor.relations@biocon.com  
I would like to bring to your attention that this conference call is being recorded. The recording will be made 
available on the website within a day, and the transcript will be made available subsequently. 
As part of today’s presentation, we have Group CEO, Mr. Peter Bains; Mr. Siddharth Mittal, CEO and MD of Biocon 
Limited; Mr. Shreehas Tambe, CEO and MD of Biocon Biologics Limited, along with other senior management 
colleagues from across our business segments to discuss this quarter’s business performance and outlook for the 
company. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the safe harbor linked to this conference call. Comments 
made during this call may be forward-looking in nature based on management’s current beliefs and expectations. 
They must be viewed in relation to the risks that our business faces, that could cause our future results, 
performance, or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. After the end of this call, if you need any further information or clarifications, please do get in touch 
with us.  
With this, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Peter Bains, our Group CEO, for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, Peter. 
Peter Bains: 
Thank you, Saurabh, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for participating in this review of Biocon Group’s 
Fiscal ‘24 quarterly and full year financial results. Before presenting the results in detail, I would like to start with some 
opening remarks.  
Overall Performance 
Overall, ‘24 has been a year of balanced progress in which each of Biocon’s three core business verticals, Biocon 
Generics Biocon Biologics and Syngene have delivered significant operational successes and made clear advances 
in preparation for the future growth while at the same time, facing and addressing a range of operational challenges. 
Overall, the balanced momentum has been positive. Let me now expand a little on each of the verticals and start with 
our Generics business. 
Generics business 
On the Generics front, we have seen encouraging growth in our formulations business expansion, driven by new 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
product launches, strengthening of our U.S. business footprint, and further traction in our wider geographic expansion 
initiatives through both our direct-to-market and strategic partnerships model. Momentum in our formulations business 
balanced the challenges we faced in pricing pressures on our API business, which witnessed a contraction over the 
year, resulting in Generics delivering a modest 1% year-on-year growth.  
We were very pleased with our recent landmark success in our peptide portfolio through securing approval for 
Liraglutide, a GLP-1 receptor agonist prescribed for diabetes as well as obesity in the U.K. This was the first generic 
approval of a GLP in a major regulated market, represented another first for Biocon and represents a clear signal of 
our capability in development and manufacturing of complex GLP drug device products. 
Biosimilar business 
Turning now to our Biosimilars business, where during this fiscal and in what has been a transformational year, we 
completed the full transition of the acquired Biosimilar business globally. We maintained strong revenue growth 
momentum, delivering robust volume growth, evidenced by improvement in market shares of our products in all regions, 
especially in the United States, and we expanded our geographical reach, accessing new markets and patients and 
cross the USD 1 billion revenue threshold. All in all, this was a hugely eventful start to the new post acquisition, Biocon 
Biologics era.  
Along with our peers, we faced inertia in the formation of the biosimilar Adalimumab market in the United States, which 
we do not see materially opening until calendar year ‘25. During the year, we prepaid USD 250 million of acquisition-
related balance sheet debt. And as stated in earlier calls, reducing debt will remain a management priority.  
Syngene business 
Moving on to Syngene. Syngene delivered a 9% year-on-year revenue growth while absorbing a research services 
sector-wide funding slowdown in the fourth quarter. Syngene’s rapidly evolving contract research, development and 
manufacturing platform provided revenue diversification to offset what is already expected to be a transitory slowdown 
in research funding, with its development and manufacturing divisions, especially Biomanufacturing, delivering a strong 
performance. 
All three of Biocon Group’s major business segments are at exciting inflection points and are developing improved 
positions for growth opportunity in the near term and beyond.  
Q4 FY24 Financial highlights 
I will now move on to present the key financials. And turning now to the financial highlights. I will start with quarter 4 at 
group level.  
Total Revenue for the quarter was INR 3,966 crores, up 1% year-on-year. Revenue from operations at INR 3,917 
crores came in slightly more strongly, up 4%. At the verticals level, Biosimilars revenue from operations grew a robust 
12% year-on-year while Research Services and Generics saw sequential growth of 2% and 7%, respectively. I will 
elaborate more on this later in my remarks.  
Group core EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 1,176 crores, representing a core operating margin of 30%. 
Quarterly R&D spend stood at INR 246 crores, corresponding to 8% of revenues, excluding Syngene. EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at INR 964 crores with a margin of 24%, with Profit before tax and exceptional items stood at INR 328 
crores versus INR 500 crores last year.  
  
Net Profit for the quarter, excluding exceptional items, stood at INR 144 crores versus INR 335 crores last fiscal last 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
quarter. Reported Net Profit for the quarter was INR 136 crores.  
FY24 Financial highlights 
Now if I move on to the full year and start with those numbers. In fiscal ‘24, Total Revenues at the group level came 
in at INR 15,621 crores, a growth of 35% year-on-year. Total revenues included INR 530 crores of stake dilution and 
fair valuation gain in Bicara pursuant to their December fund raise and an operating income of INR 350 crores from the 
divestment of the two non-core business units in India to Eris Lifesciences by Biocon Biologics in Q3. The Biologics 
segment contributed the bulk of the full-year growth with operating revenues growing 58% to INR 8,824 crores. The 
Research Services segment grew by 9% to INR 3,489 crores, while Generics came in with 1% growth at INR 2,799 
crores.  
Group core EBITDA was up 10% to INR 4,195 crores, representing a core operating margin of 29%. R&D investment 
for the full year was INR 1,154 crore, up 3% year-on-year and representing 10% of revenues, excluding Syngene. 
EBITDA for the year was up 44% at INR 4,164 crores versus INR 2,888 crores in the same period last year, with an 
EBITDA margin of 27%. Adjusting for the step-up gain in Bicara and the Eris transaction, EBITDA would stand at INR 
3,284 crores with an EBITDA margin of 22%.  
Profit before tax and exceptional items stood at INR 1,537 crores, up 29% year-on-year, with Net Profit for the year 
before exceptional items coming in at INR 1,030 crores versus INR 787 crores in fiscal ‘23, up 31% year-on-year. For 
the full year, exceptional items amounted to INR 8 crores net of tax and minority interest compared to INR 324 crores 
last fiscal. Consequently, reported Net Profit after exceptional items for fiscal ‘24 is INR 1,022 crores versus INR 463 
crores last fiscal.  
Let me now turn to the segmental business performance during the quarter and let me start with the performance for 
Generics.  
Generics business 
In Q4, the Generics segment reported an operating revenue of INR 719 crores, a 3% decline year-over-year, but a 
sequential quarterly growth of 2%. Core EBITDA for the quarter was INR 155 crores, representing a margin of 21%. 
Profit before tax stood at INR 50 crores and on a full year basis, Generics recorded an operating revenue of INR 2,799 
crores, up 1% year-on-year. Core EBITDA was INR 627 crores flat versus last year with a margin of 22%. 
Profit before tax stood at INR 230 crores with a Profit before tax margin of 8%. Overall, the full year Generics’ 
performance came in below expectations due to pricing and demand challenges in the API business as well as the 
impact of some regulatory delays. Notwithstanding this, we are pleased with the traction that we’ve seen in the 
formulations business, which grew 36% year-on-year, reflecting the investments we’ve made in building our formulation 
capabilities, capacities, and product range over the past few years. 
Statin and Immunosuppressant formulations led the growth momentum, which was also seen across all major 
geographies. During the fiscal, formulation share of product sales increased to approximately 35% from 25% last year, 
and it is expected to increase and overtake APIs as a share of our business mix in the coming years. It’s also important 
to note that despite the challenges faced in our API business, we were able to maintain core EBITDA margins at the 
same levels as last year due to cost control and saving initiatives.  
On the regulatory front, the approval for our generic Liraglutide in the U.K. was a notable highlight with Biocon becoming 
the first company globally to receive a generic GLP approval in a major regulated market. This approval is not only 
important as a step towards entry into the U.K. market itself, but also reinforces our technical and development 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
capabilities in bringing complex GLP drug device products to the market. This augurs well for Biocon’s ability to access 
and capture future GLP opportunities that will be a major driver of growth momentum in the coming years as we develop 
and look to bring to market our extensive pipeline of GLP products across global markets.  
  
Over the full year, we made filings for 38 drug products and 37 APIs and received approvals for 24 products and 20 
APIs across global markets. I am also pleased to report that during the year, we had multiple facility inspections from 
international regulatory agencies across various sites, all with positive outcomes.  
On the manufacturing front, in fiscal ‘24, we continued our focus on enhancing our capacities and capabilities to support 
ongoing and future growth, particularly in Formulations and Peptides. To strengthen our foothold in the North American 
market, Biocon acquired an Oral Solid Dosage U.S. manufacturing facility located in New Jersey. The acquisition of 
this FDA-approved facility, our first in the United States, will strategically enhance and complement Biocon’s existing 
manufacturing capabilities and is expected to begin commercial operations in fiscal ‘25, subject to regulatory clearance. 
In India, our Immunosuppressant facility in Vizag received a Certificate of Suitability or CEP, from the European 
regulator EDQM. We expect the facility to be inspected and subsequently qualified for commercial supplies by other 
major regulators during this fiscal. Our Peptide facility in Bengaluru also successfully completed process validation 
activities, an important step in preparation for future product launches. Enhancements to our synthetic capacities in 
Hyderabad, non-immuno fermentation capacities as well as a new sterile injectables facility in Bengaluru, remain on 
track. We are continuing to expand our product pipeline with a clear focus on formulations and peptides to cater for our 
mid- and longer-term business opportunities and requirements.  
  
Coming to leadership updates in the generic business, I am very pleased to announce the appointment of Vishal Nayyar 
as Head of Supply Chain Management and Amit Kaptain as Head of Commercial for our global API business as well 
as for Generic Formulations in select emerging markets. Overall, and despite the revenues coming in slightly below 
expectations to the pricing pressures in the API business, fiscal ‘24 has been a year of important progress for the 
generic segment with strong momentum in the formulations business, strengthened footprint and capabilities in the 
United States, enhanced reach and partnerships across global markets and a key first registration in our GLP market 
ambitions.  
  
As we look ahead, formulations are expected to be the key growth driver for fiscal ‘25, and we would expect 
performance to build throughout the year with a stronger second half pull-through. Our GLP portfolio, including 
Liraglutide, Semaglutide and Tirzepatide is expected to play a major role in the mid- to longer term. We see GLPs as 
the major growth driver of the business from fiscal ‘26 onwards. Market data here indicate the market opportunity of 
GLPs to reach nearly USD 100 billion by the end of this decade, and we have a comprehensive pipeline to address 
and compete in this major strategic market opportunity.  
Biosimilars business 
Turning now to the Biosimilars segment. Let me start by providing an update on Q4 business performance. With the 
full transition of the acquired Viatris business successfully completed in December ‘23, 1 year ahead of schedule, this 
was the first quarter where Biocon Biologics directly managed a fully integrated business across all geographies 
globally. We have been able to achieve this while ensuring a seamless experience for our patients, our customers, and 
our partners and at the same time, maintaining significant in-market growth momentum. 
A clear highlight for the quarter has been the performance in the United States where only 2 quarters post transition, 
we can report strong demand and enhanced market share performance across all our commercial products, Fulphila, 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
our biosimilar Pegfilgrastim increased its market share to 21% from 14% in March'23 and was the only product in the 
category increasing market share. Ogivri, our Biosimilar Trastuzumab increased share to 18% from 10% last March 
and is seeing increased pull-through at the physician level.  
We have also secured 4 new commercial formulary agreements, including United Healthcare's Commercial Medical 
Benefit Drug Policy effective 1st of May this year as a United Healthcare preferred oncology product. Semglee and 
insulin Glargine franchise has increased its share to 15% and is the fastest-growing brand in the segment. As you are 
aware, IQVIA reported share does not include close-door networks, which would add an estimated 3% additional 
market share. 
Overall, the continued momentum of market share performance of our Biologics products in the United States since 
transition has been very encouraging and positions us well as the market dynamics continue to evolve in the U.S. 
private and government sectors.  
I would now like to comment briefly on our biosimilar Adalimumab franchise. Adalimumab has been a significant 
success for our Biologics business product portfolio and our franchise in Europe has been very successful and 
continues to be a key value and growth driver for us. We have earned market shares of 20% in Belgium, 18% in 
Germany and 11% in France, which reflects the strong confidence patients and prescribers have in our product since 
we launched in 2018.  
  
In the U.S., as you will all know, the biosimilar Adalimumab market formation has emerged significantly slower than 
anyone had anticipated. As previously advised, we think that while the market will begin to open in CY'24, it will not 
really develop fully until CY’25 as formularies start excluding the originator, and biosimilars secure exclusive or 
preferred coverage. Biocon Biologics intends to leverage its relationships with U.S. customers and PBMs to pursue 
opportunities across all channels but expects that this will take some time to fully fructify and translate into sales.  
   
Turning now to Europe. We are pleased to report that our market shares remained robust and stable across all major 
markets in the first quarter after completing full transition in December. Fulphila held 8% share, Ogivri 10% share and 
Abvemy, biosimilar Bevacizumab remained at 6% at the end of December'23. We are also seeing significant success 
in capturing new market opportunities and expanding reach in the top 5 European countries.  
  
On the Emerging Markets front, Biocon Biologics posted its highest ever quarter revenue led by strong growth across 
its major regions in Latin America, Africa, the Middle East and Turkey and the Asia Pacific regions. Revenues were 
driven by the consolidation of the self-led and the partner-led business models and supported by 7 product launches 
during the quarter. We have seen strong demand for our recently launched biosimilar Bevacizumab in Brazil and we 
have expanded patient reach in Mexico with additional insulin supplies to our partner there to address the unmet needs 
of insulin-dependent patients grappling with market shortages of insulins.  
   
Turning now to the Eris transaction. As we have previously announced, Biocon Biologics entered a long-term 
commercial collaboration with Eris Lifesciences to expand access to our portfolio of Metabolics, Oncology and Critical 
Care products in India. This was for a total transaction value of INR 1,242 crores representing a value accretive multiple 
of 3.4x revenues and 18x EBITDA. This strategic collaboration with Eris aligns with Biocon Biologics commercial 
strategy to maximize patient reach and market potential while unlocking value from its Branded Formulations business 
in India, built up over the past 2 decades. We have also signed a 10-year supply agreement with Eris for these products 
as part of the collaboration.  
  
Turning now to the full year financial update for Biosimilars. Revenue from operations was INR 2,358 crores, up 12% 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
year-on-year. Excluding the onetime INR 350 crores income from the divestment of the 2 non-core business units in 
India to Eris in Q3, this would have translated into sequential growth of 10%. Core EBITDA was INR 698 crores with a 
margin of 30%. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 24%, with R&D investments at 7% of revenues.  
  
On a full year basis, Biocon Biologics crossed the USD 1 billion revenue mark with revenue from operations at INR 
8,824 crores representing a 58% year-on-year growth driven by the step-up from the acquisition, along with robust 
underlying growth in the core businesses. The business delivered INR 2,190 crores in EBITDA, representing a healthy 
margin of 25%. We also continue to invest in our pipeline to support future growth with an R&D spend at 10% of 
revenues.  
  
You would also have noticed a reduction in operating expenses versus Q3 in fiscal'24, reflecting the decrease in costs 
linked to the integration and one-time related costs. Reducing our acquisition debt remains a key priority. And as I 
mentioned, we were able to allocate USD 250 million to this end over the full year.  
Turning now to regulatory updates on the Biosimilars front. We are pleased to share that the U.S. FDA has accepted 
our Biologics License Application for Biosimilar Ustekinumab for review under the 351(k) pathway and we have signed 
a settlement and license agreement with Janssen Biotech Inc., and Johnson & Johnson that clears the way to 
commercialize the product in the U.S., subject to regulatory approval, no later than February 22, 2025.  
  
This now positions us to be amongst the first wave of entrants into the U.S. market. Biocon Biologics has also signed 
a settlement agreement with Bayer and Regeneron that paves the way for the introduction of YESAFILI, our biosimilar 
Aflibercept into the Canadian market no later than July'25. The product has already been approved by Health Canada.  
  
Also on the regulatory front, the FDA was unable to undertake an inspection of our Bengaluru facility that manufactures 
our Biosimilar Bevacizumab within the initially proposed goal date timeline and therefore, issued a supplementary CRL. 
The CRL did not identify any outstanding scientific issues and we have submitted all required documentation to the 
agency.  
Turning to our Malaysia site. Here, we have completed the implementation of all the corrective and preventative actions 
(CAPA), as per the committed timelines and have provided the U.S. FDA with a comprehensive update. As a next step, 
we are now anticipating the agency to visit and to inspect both the Bengaluru and Malaysia sites, which subject to 
outcome, would pave the way for approval of our biosimilar Aspart from the Malaysia site and our Biosimilar 
Bevacizumab from our Indian site. It is important to note that the same facilities are already cGMP certified by leading 
global regulators, including the EMA and Health Canada.  
   
With regard to biosimilars leadership updates, delighted to announce the appointment of Dwight Hanshew as its new 
Chief Quality Officer this quarter. Dwight brings with him over 30 years of global leadership, experience and expertise 
across Operations, Quality and R&D. And most recently, he was the Head of Quality for Cipla in the United States. 
In summary, fiscal ‘24 has been a truly transformative year for Biocon Biologics with the company emerging as a 
unique, fully integrated, and leading global biosimilars player. The business delivered strong in-market performance, 
crossing the USD 1 billion revenue threshold, grew share in all its products in the key U.S. market, had its highest ever 
quarterly sales in Emerging Markets while simultaneously maintaining business continuity and integrating a highly 
complex geographically diverse business across 120 countries, 1 year ahead of schedule.  
  
Looking ahead, we will consolidate and strengthen our focus on leveraging the advantages of our fully integrated model 
to accelerate growth for existing products and continue to expand our geographical footprint. Preparing for new product 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
launches will also be a major focus. A flow of new product launches is now on the horizon, and these new launches 
will be key catalysts in the near to medium term to drive both sustainable growth and margins. Behind this, we will 
continue to invest in advancing and building a highly competitive global pipeline and expect R&D investments to be in 
the 8% to 9% of revenues range.  
Novel Biologics 
Let me now give a brief update on our Novel Molecules. These are novel assets targeting autoimmune disease and 
cancer. Let me start with Itolizumab, a first-in-class novel anti-CD6 monoclonal antibody licensed to Equillium for certain 
markets. Itolizumab is being developed by Equillium for acute graft versus host disease and for systemic lupus 
erythematosus and lupus nephritis.  
  
During the fiscal, Equillium presented positive data from Phase 1b EQUALISE study of Itolizumab in patients with lupus 
nephritis at the annual meetings of the American Society of Nephrology and the American College of Rheumatology. 
In April, it also announced positive top line data from a Phase Ib EQUALISE study in patients with lupus nephritis, 
where the study demonstrated clinically meaningful response in highly proteinuric patients with more than 80% of 
subjects achieving over a 50% reduction in urine protein creatinine ratio. Itolizumab also demonstrated a favorable 
safety and tolerability profile. Equillium has entered an Option and Asset Purchase Agreement with Japan's Ono 
Pharmaceuticals, granting them an exclusive option to acquire Equillium's rights for Itolizumab. Their option decision 
is expected in the second half of CY’24.  
  
Boston-based Bicara Therapeutics is developing BCA101, a first-in-class EGFR TGFβ-trap bifunctional antibody. 
During the fiscal, Bicara presented positive interim data from its ongoing open-label Phase I and Ib dose expansion 
study of BCA101 at the European Society for Medical Oncology evoking strong investor and investigator interest. In 
December 2023, Bicara closed a Series C funding of USD 165 million. Post this fundraise, Biocon’s shareholding in 
Bicara has now diluted to 14% and the company is no longer considered an associate company of the Biocon group.  
Syngene 
Let me now turn to Syngene, our Research Services segment. Syngene's fourth quarter Revenue from Operations was 
INR 917 crores, a growth of 7% on a sequential basis, while degrowing 8% year-over-year. For the full year, Revenue 
was up 9% over fiscal ‘23 to INR 3,489 crores. Revenue performance during Q4 and the full year was impacted by 
lower demand for research services stemming from a reduced capital funding environment in the United States.  
  
On a full year basis, Syngene delivered 9% year-on-year growth with reported EBITDA growing 10% to INR 1,105 
crores, with stable EBITDA margins at 31%. Profit before tax was INR 632 crores and up 6% year-on-year.  
This performance was underpinned by Syngene's diverse business platform with its development and manufacturing 
services, especially in biomanufacturing delivering strong growth throughout the year and more than compensating for 
the slowdown in research revenues.  
  
During the year, Syngene successfully concluded the acquisition of the strategic biologics manufacturing facility from 
Stelis Biopharma, which will add 20,000 liters of manufacturing capacity, trebling Syngene's biomanufacturing capacity 
and providing the basis for future growth opportunity. The completion of the facility modifications and qualification 
remain on track and are expected in the second half of fiscal ‘25.  
 Syngene also acquired 17 acres of land in Genome Valley in Hyderabad to support long-term growth in the Research 
Services division. The recent step-up now seen in new funding in the U.S. biotech is encouraging and is expected to 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
drive a recovery in demand for Research Services and Development Services in the coming quarters.  
Syngene's guidance for fiscal '25 includes revenue growth at single digit to low double digits on a constant currency 
basis. operating EBITDA margin to be similar to fiscal'24 levels and Net Profit growth in single digits.  
  
So, in conclusion, as I said, for Biocon as a group, fiscal'24 has been a year characterized by both significant 
operational successes and clear progress in preparation for future growth opportunities across our businesses, while 
at the same time, facing and addressing a range of operational and market challenges, which I have described in my 
commentary.  
On balance, we have made good progress. Two important elements of fiscal ‘24 have been the traction seen in our 
base businesses and the progress made on investments to underpin near-term growth. For Generics, these include 
the manufacturing capacity investments, primarily for formulations and peptides in Vizag, in Bengaluru, and in our 
Hyderabad sites as well as the acquisition of the Oral Solid Dose facility in the United States.  
In Biosimilars, we have made investments towards capacity enhancements of our Malaysia Insulin facility to ensure 
we can meet the increasing demand we are seeing right across the global markets. We are also realizing the benefit 
of past investments to meet increased demand for our monoclonal antibody portfolio. And in Syngene, we have had 
the acquisition of Stelis Biologics facilities, which adds substantial biologics drug substance capacity and a commercial 
scale high-speed fill-finish unit. Syngene also acquired land in Genome Valley in Hyderabad, as I mentioned, to support 
the longer-term growth in our Discovery Research Services. These investments on top of the existing base businesses 
opportunities and our new product flow, put the businesses in a good position to capitalize and deliver on the market 
opportunities ahead.  
  
So, looking to fiscal ‘25, we expect it to be a year of both consolidation and of transitional and accelerating growth. 
Consolidation will build off the recent business model expansions and capacity and capability evolutions we have 
invested in behind our businesses. Transitional accelerating growth will come from revenue growth building off these 
enhanced models, that will start modestly and pick up in the second half of the year, driven by growth from existing 
products in existing markets supported by accelerating growth from existing products in new markets and, of course, 
from new growth from new product introductions into new markets.  
  
In Generics, while we expect continued pressure on the API business, given the current business environment, we 
also expect growth driven by formulations, especially new formulation launches in the second half of the fiscal. 
Transition and acceleration in the Generics business will come from the new flow of GLP opportunities with the impact 
becoming visible in fiscal'26.  
 
In Biosimilars, our base business is expected to deliver robust volume growth through its strengthened vertical model 
and expanded global footprint. Favorable FDA inspections of our biologics facilities in Malaysia and Bengaluru would 
be key transition events; subject of course to agency review and decision, and any favorable outcome would likely 
have limited impact in fiscal'25 with more material impact in fiscal'26.  
  
For Syngene, the long-term demand drivers for the sector are positive, and with the expected recovery in U.S. biotech 
funding, Syngene is very well positioned to capitalize on demand recovery across research, but also from the tailwinds 
in biomanufacturing and the fallout from the U.S. Biosecurity Act, which will gradually accelerate the China+1 
opportunity.  
 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
Overall, Biocon group companies have strengthened business models with greater global reach and scale and are 
increasingly well-positioned to take advantage of significant and emerging market growth opportunities.  
With this, I would now like to open the floor to questions.  
Q&A Session 
\
 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you, Peter. We will wait for the questions to be assembled. We will take the first 
question from Damayanti Kerai from HSBC.  
Damayanti Kerai:  
So, my first question is on your commercial biosimilars in the U.S. So good pickup 
seen in all the 3 products, Ogivri, Fulphila and Semglee. So, it appears that 
upcoming launches will most likely make a meaningful impact a year later from 
now, whether it is Bevacizumab or Aspart or other biosimilars. So just want to 
understand in the commercial biosimilars, what kind of further headroom do you 
see for growth? And how should we see this biosimilar growth trajectory from USD 
1 billion mark?  
Peter Bains:                       Thank you, Damayanti, for the question. I'll start with my response, but perhaps Shreehas 
and Matt can add to this. I think, first of all, we're very pleased with the momentum we're 
seeing only 2 quarters out from taking the business over in the United States, we're seeing 
some very robust market share increases. These are, of course, driven by volume demand 
for our products, and they are coming along with some pressures on pricing, but we see 
sustained demand in volume for our products, I think, both in the private and the 
government sectors.  
And we see that coming across our full range of products in market today. And I would 
also comment that I think you are right, Damayanti, that I think the new product launches 
while they could have some impact in this fiscal, the major impact would be seen in fiscal 
'26.  
  
Shreehas, maybe you want to build upon that and Matt probably with some details on the 
end market demand profile in the United States, in particular.  
Matthew Erick: 
Yes, sure. Absolutely. Thank you for the question. Look, what we are seeing is really the 
ability to understand in the U.S, the Part D side, and Part B in our portfolio. And we are 
building upon this through this relentless focus we have, not only with our sales team, but 
building those relationships with market access. So, we are building on the foundation and 
setting ourselves up for a nice portfolio in Oncology, Diabetes and even Immunology as 
we prepare to launch new products as we go into the latter half of FY'25 and then continue 
to set us for success in FY'26. Maybe we have Shreehas now, but those are my thoughts 
there, Peter.  
Peter Bains:                     
Thank you, Matt. Shreehas, did you want to add anything? I think Shreehas may be 
struggling with technology. So, Damayanti, does that answer your question? 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Yes, it does. My second question is on your progress in first to gain market access 
and payer coverage for Adalimumab. So, you basically commented the market will 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
notably start opening up in calendar year 2025 or maybe bit later. So meanwhile, 
can just update us on your effort on the payer coverage side.  
Peter Bains:                     
Sure. And let me start again. I mean I'll repeat that Adalimumab for Biocon Biologics has 
been a real success story, as you can see from our positions in Europe. We are going to 
look to build on that experience in the United States. And as I said in my commentary, we 
don't really see the market opening up in calendar '24, but we'll see it begin to open up 
more materially in '25 as formularies take the originator off their lists. And we will be 
working to establish our foothold as that opens and then build from there towards a 
stronger position through calendar '25. 
Matt, again, can comment a little bit more on the channel details and the model on that 
and our strengths that we are putting to work. 
Matthew Erick: 
Yes. Thank you, Peter. We are still seeing the foothold of Humira on most of the 
formularies. As Peter stated in the opening remarks and just data, too, this will start 
opening up in 1/1/25. What we've been able to do is secure some positions within our 
market access team in regard to having not only Humira but having Biosimilars on there. 
So as the payers start to transition Humira off, we will start using our sales force to start 
pulling our products through to increase that market share.  
The other thing I would say is that we have tremendous relationships. As you know, we 
have been working market access since we launched our products in 2018. So, the payers 
are very familiar with Biocon. We are aggressively pursuing these opportunities, and we 
do see some opportunities lifting and will be in position in 1/1/25 to be able to take those 
advantages in which the payers decide. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We'll take the next question from Jainil Shah from JM Financial. 
Jainil Shah: 
My first question is on Denosumab. Sandoz has settled with the innovator. And do 
you believe that we will be in the first wave of launches because we will be filing by 
the end of this year. So, what are your thoughts on that? 
Peter Bains:                     
Yes, as I said in my opening remarks, we think we will when we are delighted to have 
secured that opportunity and are working, as you'd imagine, toward that, very 
aggressively. And again, this is an opportunity where we can put some of our existing 
capabilities and strengths to work in that market. And again, perhaps, Matt, you'd like to 
pick up on that and maybe on the regulatory status as well. 
Sandeep Athalye: 
Matt, this is Sandeep. If... 
Peter Bains:       
Yes, Sandeep, that would be helpful. 
Sandeep Athalye: 
Yes. Certainly, I mean, I can confirm that we are in a good position to make the filings in 
the next few months. And we will be the first cohorts that can launch in the U.S. and Europe 
as well. 
Jainil Shah: 
And any timelines for approval for both Denosumab, Stelara, and any risks that you 
see to those timelines?            

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Sandeep Athalye: 
Our package looks good. The data is looking fine. I think I am very optimistic in terms of 
going through the approval. It takes a regular cycle of about 12 months for the FDA and 
about 15 months with the clock stop for EMA. So that will be standard as expected for all 
the molecules.    
Jainil Shah: 
Sure. And just one on the CapEx that we are planning for the next 2 to 3 years?  
Peter Bains:       
Let me take that. I think that what you will see is that Capex will taper down, calibrate down 
from recent levels, but we will be maintaining the necessary investments to support the 
capacities that we are building to underpin both the existing near-term growth 
opportunities and mid-term opportunities that we are moving towards. So, you will see 
some calibration down, but we are not going to stop investing behind the very substantial 
near-term mid and longer-term opportunities that we've been building towards over the 
last few years.  
Jainil Shah: 
Sure. And just one more, if I may. In the Generics business, what is our growth 
guidance? And how many launches do we expect next year? We have alluded 
towards being stronger, but if you can give us some guidance on how many 
launches are there? How do we expect Vizag to start contributing? So, your 
thoughts? 
Peter Bains: 
Sure. I will ask Sid to provide more detail. But again, I will comment that what we are 
looking at is transitional acceleration, and we see that picking up in the second half of this 
fiscal, built on the new product launches, especially in formulations that we have invested 
in over the last years. And as I said in my commentary, we have made a large number of 
regulatory submissions. We have had good success and approvals, and we expect to see 
that momentum continue and that will underpin the growth that we'll be looking for in the 
Generic business over fiscal '25.    
 
Sid, do you want to add anything more to that?  
Siddharth Mittal: 
I think the only optics, which I would like to give is, of course, this is a combination of 
products that we have filed in the U.S., which includes a few injectables and few OSDs, 
which are either approved by the FDA and waiting for launch or they are under final review 
with the FDA and we will launch during the course of the year. Plus, as we mentioned 
earlier that Liraglutide in U.K. will be launched by our partner, Zentiva and by us by end of 
this calendar year. And our file is also in the advanced stages of review with European 
authorities. And once we receive those approvals, that product could be launched as well 
in the second half of this fiscal year.  
So, a combination of the launch of Liraglutide in U.K. and Europe, plus few products in the 
U.S. will drive that growth. I cannot give you the exact number of products. Our portfolio 
continues to be limited in terms of total number. But of course, these are differentiated 
high-value products that we are working on. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We'll take the next question from Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. 
 
Surya Patra: 
My first question is on the Biosimilar business. So having seen strong volume 
growth in the recent quarters, for the already marketed products. The like-to-like 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
growth in Biosimilars looks either muted or declining for FY'24, versus last year. So 
given that and the kind of price competition, although there is volume ramp up that 
is visible. And also likely the ramp-up in the key products in FY'26. So, what growth 
one should really think of for the Biosimilar portfolio in FY'25? 
Peter Bains: 
Surya, I think that there's strong momentum in the in-market products in the biosimilars 
business. As I have said in my opening remarks, this includes market share gains that are 
not insubstantial market share gains across all our products in the United States. Robust 
market share performance in the quarter that we transitioned the business in the United 
States, leading market shares in many instances in Europe. And the highest ever quarter 
that we have seen in the Emerging Markets business. So, I think there's positive growth 
momentum in the Biosimilars business. And we would expect that growth momentum to 
continue during fiscal '25.  
  
Matt’s given some comments on some elements of that. But we have seen extremely 
robust demand for our products, and that’s reflected in very high-volume pickup in the last 
2 quarters of the prior fiscal and we expect that momentum to push through into this fiscal. 
So, I do not quite see the market starting point, as you’ve described. But I think we are 
building off a very encouraging momentum and we’d look to see that push on through. 
 
Shreehas, you can put a little bit more color on that? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
It’s pretty comprehensive, Peter. I just say, Surya, that if you look at the products that we 
have brought in the market in the United States, which is a very large market, each of 
those products now command a fifth of the market share, a fourth to a fifth. And I think 
that is something which will clearly demonstrate that we have got a sizable piece of the 
opportunity there.  
In Europe, you are seeing us move from the 2-country approach that we had in the past 
to the other countries, the other large countries in Europe and Emerging Markets, Peter 
just talked about the strong response we are seeing from our key emerging markets. The 
current immediate focus is on the products that are commercial. But if you want to look at 
how things are shaping up in the near-term future, that will be on the back of new product 
launches. 
We talked about 2 in the opening remarks, and we also have the risk-free launches that 
we're looking at from new products into major geographies. So, I would think it is a very 
strong expectation in terms of how we are moving things forward. We have good 
momentum, and we expect to drive this in the years to come. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. The second question is on the, let's say, about Humira to be specific end 
of the pipeline products, including Ustekinumab. So, starting with Humira. We have 
seen Humira has seen some kind of revenue decline in the recent quarters, but that 
has not translated to any kind of improvement in Biosimilars. So, does that mean 
Humira is losing out business to some competing products and if that is the case, 
whether Biosimilar opportunity is likely to be shrinking for adalimumab? 
Peter Bains: 
Shreehas, do you want to pick up on that? I think we have covered some of it.  

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. Thanks, Peter. And Surya, that is a very fair question. Just to index this properly, 
Adalimumab in the U.S. was the first product that in that sense, saw Biosimilars coming 
up in the -- in what the U.S. market calls as the pharmacy benefit space or the Part D 
space. And that operates very differently than the previously launched products that we 
have seen in the oncology space.  
  
So, to understand that space a little bit different than how the oncology products, which 
are more buy-and-bill operate. So, this was, I think, in many ways for all the players, 
including the payers and the PBMs to understand how this opportunity unravels itself. And 
I think what we have seen is that everyone's trying to understand how a USD 20 billion 
asset eventually plays out. And like Peter mentioned in his opening comments, we had 
always said that '23 is when it may open up, but it will only begin in '24 and some 
meaningful progress on the Biosimilars will only happen in 2025.  
And I think we have probably seen that starting to happen in '24, where you're seeing 1 or 
2 Biosimilars players starting to get some market share through some innovative models 
that the PBMs have come up with. And '23 essentially was where the innovator continued 
to hold more than 98% of the market. Now this is something that was a first experience 
for everyone in the pharmacy benefit space for such a large asset. Stelara will, of course, 
play out following this. There will be some learnings of this including things like product 
attributes, including interchangeability, including our ability to negotiate, all of this will help 
the industry, the biosimilar players as well as the PBMs to help shape this as we go 
forward, Surya.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sir, just last clarification from my side, sir, in fact about the marketing 
arrangement what we had with Viatris at the time of acquisition of the Biosimilar 
business in U.S. Whether -- when we are saying that we have now integrated 
ourselves. So, whether that marketing arrangement is effective for FY'25, that is 
there or not?  
And secondly, about R&D spend, the fourth quarter have seen some kind of 
moderation to around 8% of the revenues, excluding of Syngene. So, whether it is 
the kind of fair run rate that one should build for next year? 
Peter Bains: 
Let me start with that. l will start with the second question first on R&D. As I said in my 
remarks, Surya, I think you'll see -- as you've identified in Q4, a calibration down from 
previous levels. But this is in part due to the cyclical nature of where assets sit in our R&D 
and particularly the development pipeline, it is not a constant spend. It does modulate as 
you move assets from early stage and into later stage development, which is more 
expensive.  
So, there is a natural curve there. But the other comment I want to make is we are going 
to continue to invest behind building a very globally competitive pipeline of assets. And 
that has been something that Biocon Biologics committed to many years ago, and it is a 
theme that we're going to persist with.  
We are confident about our ability to build a competitive global pipeline that will serve our 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
growth aspirations in the mid and the longer term. And as I said also, we now have an 
exciting and visible flow of new products on the near-term horizon. I'm sorry. Sorry, your 
first question was...  
Surya Patra: 
Marketing arrangement was... 
Peter Bains: 
Marketing arrangement, yes. I'm going to ask Shreehas to comment as well. The 
marketing arrangements with Viatris have now all successfully completed, and the 
handover is complete. We have no lasting marketing arrangements left in terms of 
marketing and commercial capability. Obviously, within that transaction with Viatris, we 
have got some great people that have come over and join Biocon Biologics. And their 
expertise, their capabilities are helping underpin the exciting growth momentum that we're 
seeing in these early quarters as we complete the full transaction. But just to be clear, 
Surya, on this one, there are no marketing arrangements left here.  
There may be some small peripheral support activities related more to administration, but 
there is no marketing legacy contractual remains here. This is now fully the Biocon 
Biologics team driving this momentum.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Sure. So, will this lead to some absolute increase in either employee cost or 
any other cost element for us? 
Peter Bains: 
I mean the short answer to that is yes, because in the previous collaboration model with 
Viatris, they had those costs. But of course, they took a lot of the profit as well. So now we 
have those costs, and you will have seen that reflected in some of last year's numbers. 
So, we are now carrying the cost of that commercial marketing team and activity. But now 
we are capturing the full value of those efforts. And it is, as I said, very encouraging to see 
the market share gains and the momentum building, and we are capturing all the value 
now in this fully vertically integrated model.  
 
Shreehas, do you want to add anything to that? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
No, Peter, I think you covered it well. Perfect. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
The next question from Neha Manpuria from Bank of America.  
Neha Manpuria: 
Just a follow-up on the Humira -- the biosimilar Humira that we talked about. The 2 
private label launches that we've seen by biosimilar companies seem to be gaining 
good traction, at least that's what the initial data seems to show. So, as we talk 
about the market opening up in 2025, does that put our ability to then get in and get 
meaningful share at risk with these existing players probably scaling up over the 
next few months? 
 
Peter Bains: 
Neha, I think it is a very interesting question. It is one that the team have been looking at 
for some time, and I think are advancing our own thinking on that, not simply for Humira 
but beyond. I am going to ask Matt here to comment a little bit more on that and perhaps 
develop a little bit our thinking there. 
Matthew Erick: 
Sure. And I will let Shreehas, please chime in as well. So, you are correct. We are seeing 
the private labels starting to migrate. And the reason is, is that recently, CVS announced 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
that they were transitioning from Humira. And remember, as we look at this, we look at a 
commercial piece, we look at Medicare, Medicaid, there's multiple channels. And also, 
there's 2 other large commercial entities that are available to play in which we are bidding 
now for 1/1 start dates. So just as we are seeing these private labels migrate, that does 
not leave all the market out for Biocon.  
  
The market is open in the commercial, in the Medicare and the Medicaid business. So, we 
are actively set up in pursuing those opportunities, and we are also keeping a close eye 
and understanding how the private label and how that's switching and the progress there. 
But we still believe we have an opportunity in which we are currently bidding on for more 
growth in FY'25 starting in 1/1/25.  
 
 
But anything, Shreehas, you would like to add? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
No, perfect Matt. I think this is good. 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
That's very helpful. And my second question is, Peter, you mentioned in your 
opening remarks that debt reduction remains a priority for the company. Given that 
a lot of the launches are going to be back ended with bulk of the benefit in FY'26, 
how should we think about net debt reduction for BBL and Biocon in the next year? 
I mean, what avenues are we looking at to reduce debt? Or if you could give any 
number, that would be great. 
Peter Bains: 
Right. So, Neha, let me start by saying that we are -- while debt reduction, as I said in my 
opening remarks, is a priority. We are comfortable with our ability to service all our 
obligations. We will be looking to reduce debt. And as you have seen in the last fiscal, we 
allocated USD 250 million to acquisition-related debt reduction. We have an extensive 
range of options, and we are going to explore all of them, and we'll look to make the right 
decision at the right time on that. We have bank opportunities, we have equity 
opportunities, we have hybrid opportunities. There are a pretty extensive range of levers 
that we can look at, and we are exploring, and we will make debt reductions during the 
course of this year. We will do them, I think, at the right time, and I cannot give any specific 
quantitative guidance on that. But for sure, you will be updated as and when we become 
active there.  
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We will take the next question from Ankush Mahajan from Axis Securities.  
Ankush Mahajan: 
So, my question is what's the outlook for the debt on, sir?  
Peter Bains: 
Was that question on the outlook on debt? 
Ankush Mahajan: 
Yes, sir, outlook on debt.   
Peter Bains: 
Okay. Ankush. As I have said, I think the starting point is to understand that we are 
comfortable in servicing in the debt that we have. But we are also going to be looking to 
reduce the debt levels. And we have a wide range of options to explore. As I said, we can 
look at bank options on debt, we can look at equity options, we can look at hybrid options.  
There are other levers. We are exploring that. We will be looking to reduce debt this year, 
but I can't give details of when and how much we will be looking to make those decisions 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
as appropriate during the year. And of course, we will be updating you as and when we 
do.  
Saurabh Paliwal: 
We take the next question from Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
I have two questions on Generics. What are you thinking about the approvals for 
the U.S. market, which...  
Peter Bains: 
I am sorry, I didn't hear that question.  
Siddharth Mittal: 
Where are we on the approvals for GLP-1 in the U.S. market was Nitin's question. 
Peter Bains: 
Sid, why don't you take that? 
 
Siddharth Mittal: 
Yes. So, the file is under review with the FDA, and we are quite positive that we should 
hear back from the FDA. Of course, this requires a facility inspection as well because this 
product was filed from Biocon Biologics Injectable Facility. And as Peter alluded to in his 
opening comment, we are expecting FDA to inspect the facility in the coming months. And 
hopefully, when they come to review the facility, inspect the facilities, they will look at it for 
Liraglutide as well.  
So, I think Peter also alluded to the fact that we expect Liraglutide to meaningfully start 
contributing to the growth from FY'26. And even if the approval comes through later part 
of this year, we will see a meaningful difference coming in from both now Europe and U.S. 
in FY'26. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly, if you can provide some clarity -- some color on how would the 
immunosuppressant new facilities scaling up? What kind of capacity utilization do 
we have? And how do we see that part progressing?  
Siddharth Mittal: 
So, the existing capacities, of course, we have done a lot of process optimization to 
enhance the capacity while we qualify Vizag and again, as you know that we have got the 
CEP from the European authorities, so we can already start commercializing part of those 
quantity capacities in Europe. But of course, for us, the bigger market is the U.S. and Latin 
America, and we are expecting FDA to come in and inspect the facility, after which we will 
be able to address the demand. Of course, when you look at our current facility and Vizag, 
we will have a huge opportunity to capture a much larger market share for 
immunosuppressants at a global level.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
And so, with your capacity of the increase scale coming through, do you foresee a 
situation of increased sort of pricing competition in this space? I mean is the 
demand there to absorb such a large capacity that you are going to bring on board.  
Siddharth Mittal: 
Well, the demand is growing because the volume share is going up. Now of course, there 
is competitive pressure. Whether it is from rest of the world or India and in some cases, 
other companies who has their own immunosuppressant fermentation capacities. So, we 
are also working with a lot of 505(b)(2) s.  
As you know that we have a large customer, which was based out of U.S., they have their 
own 505(b)(2). And overall, when we look at the Immunosuppressants market, it is 
expected to grow. So, we of course, have to participate in the market going up and 
compete with others on the market share and winning additional business. I think last 

Transcript - Biocon Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
quarter, we also got a very important approval in China for Mycophenolic sodium. And we 
also have other immunosuppressants, which are under review with the Chinese 
authorities. And China, as you know, is also a large volume market.  
So, we would look at geographical expansion. We would look at increasing our wallet 
share. In our core markets like U.S. and Latin America and overall, the market share is 
growing up as the number of transplants grow. 
Saurabh Paliwal: 
Thank you very much for your questions. That was the last question of the day given the 
timelines we are at. For the question that will remain unanswered, I request the 
participants to please send us an e-mail, and we will be happy to take them offline.  
With this, we will conclude today's presentation. I thank every one of you for joining us 
today and have a great rest of the evening. Good night.  
 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
 
Note: The contents of this transcript have been edited to improve accuracy and readability. 
