 
 
 
 
RL/SE/24-25/31 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on May 6, 2024, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the fourth quarter and financial year ended  
March 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
RAKESH 
MULJIBHA
I DARJI
Digitally signed 
by RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI DARJI 
Date: 2024.05.13 
11:15:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. S L POKHARNA – DIRECTOR – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL –GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER–
RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVEOFFICER - 
LIFESTYLE BUSINESS–RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHNI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
REALTY BUSINESS–RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – RAYMOND LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHIJEET KUNDU – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Raymond Limited Q4 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock 
Broking Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Thank you, Steve. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants in the Q4 FY '24 conference call of Raymond Limited. Today we have with us from 
senior management of Raymond Mr. S L Pokharna, who is Director of Raymond Limited; Mr. 
Amit Agarwal, Group CFO; Mr. Sunil Kataria, CEO of Lifestyle Business; Mr. Harmohan 
Sahni, CEO of Realty business; and Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head Corporate Development. Without 
taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Amit. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Abhijeet. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the earnings 
call to discuss the results of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. I hope you would have received a 
copy of our results presentation. I would like to urge you to go through this along with the 
disclaimer slides. 
Let me start with a brief overview of the market for the quarter. The quarter took off slowly as 
discretionary spending was low at the backdrop of inflationary pressure, resulting in toned down 
impulse purchases by the consumer. The K curve recovery persists with low-income households 
curtailing spending while there is an upsurge in consumption of high-income households. As 
March progressed, there was an uptick in sales due to pre-Eid shopping. 
The Real Estate market maintains an upward momentum, driven by increasing residential 
demand with expectations for this trend to persist in the forthcoming quarters. Additionally, 
there is a rise in demand for affordable luxury residences, along with strong interest from first-
time homebuyers. 
Now let me talk about the fourth quarter of fiscal '24 performance. Raymond continues its 
growth momentum with the 11th consecutive quarter of growth, reporting the record- breaking 
performance, both in terms of revenue and profitability.  
In the fourth quarter of 2024, Raymond reported its highest-ever quarterly revenue of ₹ 2,688 
crores, showcasing a 23% year-on-year growth over ₹ 2,192 crores and increased by ₹ 238 crores 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis as compared to ₹ 2,450 crores reported in the third quarter of 
fiscal'24. The growth was driven by robust performance in our Branded Apparel, B2B shirting 
along with outstanding performance in the Real Estate sector. 
I'm delighted to share that we have also achieved the highest-ever quarterly EBITDA of ₹ 516 
crores in the fourth quarter of fiscal '24, with a record EBITDA margin of 19.2%. This marks a 
remarkable 36% year-on-year growth compared to ₹ 379 crores, an increase of ₹ 90 crores 
quarter-on-quarter from ₹ 426 crores in the third quarter of fiscal '24.  

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
This being landmark 99th year of fiscal '24, Raymond delivered its highest ever annual revenue 
of ₹ 9,286 crores and an EBITDA of ₹ 1,575 crores with a margin of 17%. Despite subdued 
consumer demand and challenging market conditions, for the Lifestyle Business, Raymond's 
focused business approach across its operation led to robust growth in Branded Apparel, 
Garmenting as well as in the Real Estate segment, resulting in an impressive double-digit 
revenue growth of 11% in fiscal '24 as compared to previous year. 
The Real Estate segment delivered stellar performance throughout the year, securing a total 
booking value of ₹ 2,249 crores. The record-breaking revenue and EBITDA performance 
underscores Raymond's resilience, strategic vision and unwavering commitment to excellence 
and paving the way for continued success in its centennial year and beyond.  
Overall, with the increased sales and cost optimization, the company has been able to report the 
annual profit after tax of ₹ 655 crores, excluding the ₹ 983 crores profit gained out of the FMCG 
business sale, making a 24% increase compared to ₹ 529 crores in the previous year. Including 
the FMCG benefit of sales, company reported a net profit of ₹ 1,638 crores. Just to remind, 
during the year, Raymond Group sold its FMCG business for ₹ 2,825 crores. The strong business 
performance culminated in reporting highest ever EPS of ₹ 98 excluding the profit on sale of 
FMCG business as well as Board has recommended highest ever dividend of 100% to reward 
our valued shareholders for their continued support and trust. 
The growth was led by branded apparel in which we successfully leveraged the core strength of 
the brand, coupled with our wide distribution network across the country. Despite muted 
consumer demand and weak market conditions, our strategic focus on expanding our distribution 
reach, as we demonstrated by opening over 200 new stores during the fiscal '24 and focusing on 
premiumization as well as casualization resulted in strong growth for our Branded Apparel 
segment, achieving a 20% growth compared to the previous year despite weaker retail industry. 
In the Garmenting segment, we are in the process of expanding our garmenting capacity by about 
one-third to participate in China plus One adopted by most of the global brands. Also this 
capacity augmentation is in line with the government of India's Make in India initiative.  
The Engineering segment performed well with resilient demand in the domestic market, while 
export orders were impacted due to challenges in the global market, and our future growth is led 
by completion of acquisition of Maini Precision in March '24, which forays into sunrise sector, 
aerospace defense as well as EV components positioning us for exciting opportunities and 
expansion in these high potential segments. 
In fiscal '24, Raymond initiated major corporate actions aimed at securing long-term growth and 
enhancing shareholder value. These efforts were in line with our goal of achieving a net debt-
free status and simplifying the group structure for maximum efficiency. Key initiatives included 
selling of the FMCG business for ₹ 2,825 crores, demerging the Lifestyle Business to unlock 
shareholder value and strategically acquiring the Maini Precision business. Moreover, achieving 
net debt-free status 2 years ahead of schedule highlights our commitment to financial prudence 
and sustainable growth model. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Now let me discuss about the segmental performance for the fourth quarter of fiscal '24. The 
Branded Textile segment revenue was maintained at ₹ 920 crores, a 2% growth over ₹ 902 crores 
in the fourth quarter of fiscal '23 despite muted consumer demand and challenging market 
conditions. The quarter saw mix trends with moderate consumer sentiment affecting sales in the 
first half, but an uptick was observed later in the quarter. The EBITDA margin remained broadly 
flat at 21.9%. 
Let me talk about the branded apparel segment, which showed a healthy sales growth of 23% to 
₹409 crores as compared to ₹ 332 crores during the fourth quarter of the previous year. In a weak 
market condition, our stated strategy of enhancing our distribution reach and network focus on 
premiumization, coupled with casualization led to growth in the Branded Apparel business. The 
growth was witnessed across all channels and brands with Park Avenue, Parx, Raymond Ready 
to Wear, and Ethnix by Raymond leading the front and well supported by the Colorplus brand. 
The segment delivered EBITDA margin of 13.4% in the fourth quarter of fiscal '24 as compared 
to 15.8% in the previous year. The EBITDA margin stood lower as compared to previous year 
because of increased investments in branding and category creation like ‘Ethnix by Raymond’ 
and other brands through additional spending on advertisement and marketing initiative to invest 
behind these brands.  
We continue to strengthen our retail footprint as we opened 39 new stores during the quarter as 
well taking the tally to 1,518 stores as of 31st March 2024, which are spread across 600 towns 
and cities in India, including 114 exclusive outlets for the Ethnix by Raymond brand. 
Now let me talk about the Garmenting segment where during the quarter, the revenue was ₹ 280 
crores which is lower compared to previous years due to ongoing Red Sea crisis and geopolitical 
issues. However, we continue to acquire new customers and enhance our presence in newer 
geographies. During the quarter, a healthy EBITDA margin of 11.3%, a significant improvement 
from 6.6% compared to reported in the same quarter of previous year, mainly due to better 
product mix and enhanced operational efficiency.  
Now let me talk about the High Value Cotton Shirting segment where the top line grew by 14% 
to ₹ 213 crores as compared to ₹ 187 crores in the previous year, led by demand for linen fabric 
offerings to our B2B customers in the domestic market. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 
marginally higher at 11.5% as compared to 10.4% in the previous year, mainly due to operational 
efficiency. 
Now about the Engineering business which is consolidated in the JK Files & Engineering 
Limited on an aggregate basis, sales stood at ₹ 234 crores in the fourth quarter, a 7% growth as 
compared to ₹ 219 crores in the fourth quarter of last fiscal. The growth was driven by increased 
demand for our auto component in both domestic as well as export market, particularly for flex 
plates, bearings and ring gears. However, the engineering consumable category continued to be 
impacted due to sluggishness in export market. During the quarter, the business reported an 
EBITDA margin at 15.8%, which is slightly higher mainly due to better product mix. As part of 
our growth strategy in the Engineering sector, during the quarter, Raymond completed the 
business acquisition of Maini Precision Products Limited. With this strategic acquisition, 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Raymond Group forays into sunrise sector of aerospace, Defense, EV component business. We 
are streamlining our operations by consolidating business of JK Files which does engineering 
consumables, Ring plus (Auto Components), Maini Precision auto components, aerospace and 
defense. And simultaneously, through a composite scheme of arrangement, 2 new subsidiaries 
will be created, one which will focus on aerospace and defense, while the other would cater to 
the auto component and engineering consumable sector each charting its unique part of growth 
with a primary objective of value creation. 
Raymond Limited will hold 66.3% in both the new subsidiaries, the remaining shares will be 
held by the Maini family and the minority shareholders, which is 28.5% and 5.2%, respectively. 
Just as a reminder that on a pro forma basis, for fiscal '24, the consolidated revenue of the 
Engineering business, including Maini Precision business was around ₹ 1,800 crore and the 
consolidated EBITDA in the Engineering group was ₹ 270 crores. 
Now let me talk about the Real Estate segment during the quarter. In February '24, we have 
launched our first JV project outside of Thane land in Bandra Mumbai which has received an 
overwhelming response with approximately 62% of the launched inventory sold within 40 days.  
Overall, during the quarter, we have seen a robust booking momentum and made a total booking 
of ₹ 840 crores across our projects. The construction momentum across all these projects is 
progressing well, demonstrating our commitment to timely delivery and adherence to high-
quality standards. A comprehensive update on the construction status of our projects is provided 
in our investor presentation. 
The real estate segment delivered stellar performance throughout the year, securing a total 
booking value of ₹ 2,249 crores. After the successful launch of our maiden projects, TenX 
Habitat, Address by GS Season 1 and TenX Era during the year, we have launched two new 
projects at Thane land, Address by GS Season 2 and the Invictus by GS project. Currently, we 
have five ongoing projects with ₹ 9,000 crores on our Thane land, with a further potential to 
generate ₹ 16,000 crores making a total potential revenue from Thane land of ₹ 25,000 crores to 
₹ 27,000 crores of 100-acre Thane land over the next few years. 
Additionally, we have signed two new JVs in Mahim and Sion. And with this put together, the 
revenue potential from the three JV projects including Bandra in MMR outside of our Thane 
land will be in excess of ₹ 5,000 crores. Our Raymond Realty business which offers affordable 
luxury apartments ranging from 1 to 4 BHK that caters to multiple segments of society and our 
proven ability to execute the project at a fast pace enabled the sales to increase by 134% to ₹677 
crores in fourth quarter of fiscal '24 compared to ₹ 289 crores in the fourth quarter of fiscal '23 
last year. The EBITDA margin of 25.3% for the quarter as compared to 24.3% in the same 
quarter of last year. 
Now let me talk about the working capital and the cash flow. On the working capital front, with 
our continued focus on efficient management of working capital, we have worked on an absolute 
term that our net working capital stood at ₹ 2,319 crore as at end of March '24. During the 
quarter, we have completed the acquisition of Maini Precision resulting an increase in additional 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
working capital of ₹ 316 crores. Excluding the impact of Maini Precision acquisition, our net 
working capital days would have been 68 days, which is lower by 3 days on a quarter-to-quarter 
basis from 71 days in December '23. 
In fiscal year 2024, Raymond successfully completed the acquisition of MPPL. While the profit 
and loss statement of MPPL has not been consolidated into Raymond Financial the balance sheet 
figures have been consolidated, offering a glimpse into the company's combined entity financial. 
On the full year basis of fiscal '24, MPPL revenue was ₹ 935 crores and an EBITDA of ₹ 146 
crores with an EBITDA margin of 15.6%. 
On the balance sheet as reflected in Raymond's financial statements, the integration of MPPL's 
balance sheet has notably increased Raymond's asset base with gross current assets amounting 
to ₹ 534 crores, comprising inventory valued at ₹ 251 crores, receivable at ₹ 199 crores and other 
current assets totalling ₹ 84 crores with a current liability of ₹ 217 crores. This results in MPPL 
net working capital of ₹ 316 crores. Further, the consolidation of Maini operations has 
significantly augmented Raymond's net block by ₹ 1,244 crores. 
Now let me talk about the consolidated debt position. Our total gross debt stood at ₹ 3,426 crores 
which comprises of external gross debt of ₹ 1,726 crores and NCD issued by Raymond Limited 
to Raymond Consumer Care Limited of ₹ 1,700 crores. We continue to maintain liquidity with 
cash and cash equivalents of ₹ 1,758 crores as on 31st of March 2024. And our net book stood at 
₹ 1,667 crores, higher by ₹ 749 crores versus December '23, mainly due to acquisition of MPPL 
business for ₹ 682 crores and taken over net debt of ₹ 286 crore of MPPL. Post demerger and 
acquisition of MPPL. The Raymond group still holds a net cash level of ₹ 680 crores earmarked 
for growth capital. 
The interest cost in the quarter is ₹ 104 crores which is higher by ₹ 40 crores as compared to       
₹ 64 crores in the same quarter last year. The rise in interest cost can be attributed to several 
factors. An interest cost of ₹ 38 crores on the NCD issued to RCCL which will be netted off 
upon the completion of the demerger as the effective date is set for 1st April 2023 and Interest 
of ₹ 5 crores for the deferment of approval cost payment to MHADA for Bandra project. 
Now let me provide an update on the demerger of the lifestyle business. The proposed demerger 
of the lifestyle business is progressing well as planned having already received SEBI, 
shareholder and creditor approval. Further, NCLT hearing is scheduled on 9th May for the 
approval of demerger. Upon completion, this demerger will result into 2 distinct net debt-free 
listed entities, one focused on lifestyle business and the other on real estate and engineering. 
The first quarter began against the backdrop of cautious consumer sentiment, marked by 
moderate discretionary spending and subdued consumer demand amidst inflationary pressure. 
The persistent K-curve trend reflects the ongoing dynamic of the market. We are actively 
participating and addressing challenges including the constraints posed by limited wedding days 
in the first quarter and the impact of heat wave on the operations. 
Aligned with our guidance, we are on track to expand our retail footprint, and over the next 18 
months we plan to add almost 200 stores with the asset-light franchise model, led by increase in 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
the store network for Ethnix by Raymond and all other apparel brands. In the real estate segment 
in February '24, we launched our first JV project in Bandra. And following an enthusiastic 
response from customers, we subsequently introduced a new tower in the same Bandra project 
in late March. The positive reception underscores customer confidence in our high-quality 
offering and the swift construction pace maintained throughout our projects. Furthermore, we 
are currently in advanced discussion to finalize new a new JDA’s which we will come back to 
you. On our Engineering segment, auto ancillary segment is witnessing good growth. However, 
Engineering consumable business has been weak in the export markets. 
To conclude, I would like to reiterate that Raymond Group will continue to have 3 distinct 
vectors of profitable growth. We are fully geared up in terms of unlocking the full potential at 
each of these businesses and with strong free cash flow and no major capex requirement, 
Raymond Group will maintain a net cash positive ongoing forward basis. Now we will take 
questions from all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rohan from InCred. 
Rohan: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. I just want to check in the real estate division we basically 
launched Raymond Vibez. So I just wanted to understand the current numbers that are there in 
the PPT. Is that specifically just for TenX Habitat? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So TenX Vibez is actually part of Habitat itself. It's a sub product over there. There is 
convenience shopping, which we have branded as Vibez. So, it's a very small shopping area that 
we have, only 100-odd units, 0.04 million square ft. So, it's currently, it's fully sold out. So there 
is nothing that we have left. 
Rohan: 
Understood, sir. And will we be having a similar concept in the other projects as well? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Well, it differs from project to project and depending on the location. This project was on a 30-
meter wide road and it had frontage on the road. So there was an opportunity to do some 
convenience retail. It also helps the project since and this is the first project that we are delivering 
in the Thane land. So it's good to have convenience shopping for the residents as well. But it 
will be from project to project, we'll have to take this call. 
Rohan: 
Sure, sir. And just one question on the branded apparel side, how do we expect the margins to 
sort of pan out in FY '25? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So, as you have seen, we have been delivering margin in the range of around 12% to 14% overall 
post-IndAS EBITDA. We have been very clearly focused on investing behind branded apparel. 
There are two areas which are happening, one is distribution through retail expansion, and one 
is through advertising. So we will be continuing to invest behind – I don’t know where the call 
got disconnected.  
As I said we will be focused in the coming year as well in behind both store expansion as well 
as brand building. And there will be a strong investment which will go behind investment in 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
marketing. But given that, despite that, I think we'll be focused on improving the gross margin 
and are looking at EBITDA margin in the current range itself. 
Rohan: 
Sure, sir. Just one follow-up. For Ethnix, what have we ended the year at in terms of revenue? 
And if possible, can you give us a store count breakup across our brands, Park Avenue, Raymond 
and the others? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Overall, okay. In Ethnix, we have mentioned that we have actually ended the 31st March at 114 
stores. And that's almost close to doubling the numbers that we did in the last financial years. So 
overall today, we are at including Ethnix, we are at 409 stores, and which are broadly broken up 
across Park Avenue, ColorPlus and Raymond Ready to Wear and Ethnix stores. We would be, 
now we are targeting next year to add another 200-plus kind of stores across all our brands. 
In Ethnix revenue, I would say right now, it's too premature to give you a run rate on Ethnix 
because this brand has a lot of seasonality. But I can tell you one thing, the traction that we have 
seen on this brand in the second half of the year when the season came in, it is pretty much in 
line with the expectations that we set for ourselves. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi everyone and thanks for taking my question. Just taking it forward from where the previous 
participant left, some insights on the retail brand Ethnix. So you had 60 stores, around 60 stores 
at the start of the year. And if you can share broad parameters of performance here, sales per 
store, store-level EBITDA, working capital, dead stock. Any major key KRA’s that you can 
share? 
And what are the plans for Ethnix specifically in FY '25? How many stores are we targeting? Is 
it also going to be mostly franchisee-driven or it's going to be a mix of both? What is the current 
mix of franchisee plus company operated? So the Ethnix part a little bit, sir? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So let me just take part of this. So actually, our mix of stores in Ethnix would be roughly, will 
be skewed more towards the franchisee model, would like to operate in a range of around 25%-
odd company-owned stores primarily for our marquee stores, because there are stores which 
come across in malls, there are stores which come on very, very prime, high streets, which also 
serve as marketing brand building stores as well. 
So when we see any such kind of properties, we'd like to do and obviously, there are some many 
large stores that we want to do. So in those areas, we'd like to do a company-owned store. 
Otherwise, we'll do franchisee asset-light model, so that ratio would be broadly 25:75 kind of 
ratio. That's how we look at the mix. The current mix is also broadly in the similar range. 
In terms of store expansion, we are 114 stores which we ended the year at. I would like to 
definitely look at crossing around 200 stores next year. The markets remain good, and they come 
back strongly in the second half. We could even look at expansion further beyond that, but, yes, 
definitely, we're targeting to cross 200 in the coming year. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
In terms of KRAs see as you all who track the market would know that this business has its own 
seasonality. And we also see a lot of changes which happen along with wedding phenomenon. 
So we have set certain KRAs, which are linked to each season. Where we are in terms of each 
of this, I think in terms of the numbers that we set out for us, I would say we are close to around 
80% to 90% in that range of the first season that we set out for us. 
And we are pretty much happy given the fact that even though quarter 4 had wedding days, it 
was still a muted and mixed wedding which panned out. Even though it's the brand's first year, 
but I think we have got a lot of things right in this brand. One, the product assortment is very, 
very appreciated by consumers. We've got our pricing right. We've got our store ambience right. 
We're getting it by and large in the right locations. I think the mix is looking good, and we're 
just hoping for coming good wedding season pans out second half of this year. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sunil, I understand that there is a seasonality, but roughly, the stores that started at the start of 
the year would have seen the whole season, right, the whole wedding season, one full wedding 
season. So any metrics on at least sales per store or margins or working capital that you can share 
would be helpful? 
Sunil Kataria: 
At least one, sales per store, I would say there are certain parameters that we set out for us. I 
would not give you a number right now in terms of where we're tracking. But yes, if the goal is 
say 100, I would say that we have achieved around 80% to 90% in that range. 
Because I would like to still see a full season. Because if you look at the store, which is set at 
around 12 months back also, the first half of last year was, again, pretty much non-wedding 
season. So what we have really seen is around 5 months of wedding season in this year. So for 
me to really put to a finger, okay, has the store seen a full two cycles of wedding season? I don't 
think so, I can't really comment on that right now. Because not a single store has seen these 2 
full wedding seasons. 
Probably, it is very premature for me to give you any number of any kind right now. It may lead 
to a different interpretation. But yes, I can tell you, that's just -- the number we thought we would, 
despite a very, very mixed bag of wedding season, especially in the JFM period, I think we're 
pretty satisfied with what we were able to do and the 80% to 90% range of that. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. And this full cycle two cycles you would expect to be done by end of FY '25 only, am I 
right? 
Sunil Kataria: 
End of FY25 again because again if you see in the first half of this year, it's going to be a very 
different kind of a season that there are no weddings in the first full half this year. I mean, we've 
seen a very short wedding season of a week or so or 10 days or so in April and then there's no 
weddings at all until November. 
Let me one input which I can further give you is that there is one new initiative we are doing 
parallelly on Ethnix is that we know why this business has its own very sharp seasonality. We 
are also doing some brand building around a new range called Smart Ethnix which is a casual 
ethnic which we believe over a period of time, can we build into a more everyday use, whether 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
it's for the evenings, whether it's for hybrid work wear. So that is another segment that we have 
rolled out, and we are in this lean season, we have started brand building around that. It will take 
some time, but I believe this is another segment which can be built within the Ethnix brand itself. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And what is the kind of ASPs in this particular Smart Ethnix? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Smart Ethnix would have collections short kurtas, the very, very casual Ethnix shirts, bundi. 
This is all in the range of around anywhere between ₹2,500 to ₹4,000. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Nagaraj from Alts Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Nagaraj: 
This is kindly regarding the entire restructuring, the demerger and the purchase of Maini's stake. 
The first question is I wanted to understand how did the promoter shareholding in RCCL jumped 
from 49% to 54%, which is a 5% increase. I know in the presentation, it was mentioned that 
promoter infused 100% proceeds. So was it an equity allocation that was done? Like if you could 
just explain the entire structure thread there, it would be helpful. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, sure. Yes. Absolutely. So basically, if you see the RCCL which was holding the FMCG 
business, it was held 49% by the promoter and was 47% held by Raymond. Now when you do 
the demerger of the Raymond lifestyle business from Raymond Limited into the RCCL the share 
of the proceeds of ₹ 2,800 crores of almost like ₹ 1,400 crores was for the promoter family. 
The promoter family did not take out the money and stayed invested. And by virtue of a swap 
ratio, the share swap ratio based on the valuation of the Lifestyle Business, his shareholding got 
increased from 49% to 54.8%. And that is the way and it has been done by the independent 
valuer. And at that point of time, if I recall, right, the valuation of the lifestyle business was kept 
approximately 80% of the total enterprise value of Raymond Limited including FMCG. 
Abhishek Nagaraj: 
Just a follow-up on this. So the first question is, why did we choose RCCL as a company that it 
needs to get demerged into? Why couldn't it be a new entity in itself? Let me just complete the 
2 questions which are interrelated and then we can open it up. The next question is I did go 
through the scheme of arrangement. Ray Global, which holds RCCL, which is something of a 
holding company right now, which is where the promoter stake, et cetera, has been divided, et 
cetera, right? The swap ratio for a holding company, which just holds RCCL is different from 
the swap ratio for RCCL itself, which is kind of what is resulting this into a 55% holding. I 
wanted to understand how did that happen. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So first of all two things. If you look at it, the reason why the demerger of lifestyle business was 
done in the Raymond Consumer Care, the answer is very simple. Raymond lifestyle business 
had always an operating debt to the tune of ₹ 1,800 crores, ₹ 1,900 crores, whereas the cash 
which has come after the sales proceeds of the FMCG business was in RCCL. The best form 
was to do a demerger along with all its assets and liabilities and transfer it into the RCCL, so 
they can knock off the -- get between the external debt and the cash sitting in RCCL. So that is 
number one. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
As far as the Ray Global Holdings is concerned, the Ray Global Holdings holds 100% of RCCL. 
So therefore, the value of Ray Global Holdings is typically the value of the cash realized or the 
sales proceeds realized by RCCL which is to the tune of ₹2,800 crores less of taxes, which is 
around ₹2,200. The swap ratio has been based on the ₹2,200 crores, which is the net of tax 
proceeds and the value of the Raymond lifestyle business. And that is why the SWAP ratio has 
been made and thereby, the increase in the shareholding has moved from 49% to 54.8%. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. I would request Mr. Abhishek Nagaraj to please follow up in the question 
queue for a follow-up question. The next question is from the line of Kunjal Palan from Sohum 
Asset Managers. 
Kunjal Palan: 
Yes. So in Slide 13 of the presentation, ₹ 40 crore is subtracted as corporate allocated from the 
segmental EBITDA. So as mentioned, this includes other income and corporate expenses. Can 
you give a breakup of how much will be the other income portion in this? And how much would 
be the corporate overhead? And going forward, do we expect the corporate overheads to remain 
at these levels? Or do we expect them to go up in the coming years? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, there is no change in whatsoever in the corporate overhead over the last year or so, because 
all the restructuring or reduction of the rationalization of the cost has been done in the last few 
years back and we are continuing with the reduced cost. So we are not expecting any significant 
change in whatsoever in the corporate expenses. 
And as far as the other income is concerned, if you see in our SEBI financial, it is clearly 
highlighted that in the where is it, yes, in the other income for the quarter, it is given as ₹ 79.6 
crores. And for the whole year, it stands to ₹ 266 crores which is primarily also includes some 
of the income, which are relating to the dealer network because there is a certain charge on 
interest on account of dealer network, which we do, and which is considered in the other income 
because it is a part of the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Dani from Abans. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Dani: 
Congratulations on a good set of results. Okay. So also, in fact, I'm pleased to see that this time, 
the presentation has been pretty detailed and actually has solved a few of my queries. I think 
queries related to textiles, my previous participants have already answered. But I have got a 
question on the Maini acquisition. I think during the call, Amit said that there would be probably 
a demerger of the aerospace and defense business from the JK Files. I just wanted to know what 
sort of revenue profile the aerospace and defense business has? And are the margins really 
different from the current set of 15.5 sort of margins? That's my question. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. You see the growth trajectory and the whole metal usage, you see the auto 
ancillary business as well as the engineering consumable primarily consumes steel whereas this 
business is the high noble alloys like titanium, inconel and such things. So that is one reason. 
Plus this business is more precision and the auto business is more like this large number, because 
you are catering to a very different segment. So therefore, we felt that it is appropriate and 
considering that we have reached a decent scale in both the businesses. So this business of 
aerospace which you are is in the range of ₹ 275 crores as we speak in terms of revenue and a 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
very, very high growth potential. And obviously, the margin profile is significantly higher of 
this business, it's almost in the range of 25%. 
Kaushik Dani: 
Okay. And this ₹ 275 crore is pro forma revenues or these are like total revenues? 
Amit Agarwal: 
The aerospace total revenue. 
Kaushik Dani: 
Okay. And then secondly, with regards to the real estate, I believe in the news media, it was said 
that based on the JDAs and whatever land parcel has, we could have annual revenues to the tune 
of ₹ 3,500 crores to ₹ 4,000 crores over the next 5 years. Am I right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So I will give you the numbers. What I said was, even today in the morning on the channels, I 
said based on the current bookings as you see, we have done ₹ 2,300 crores worth of presales 
bookings.  
Going forward, what I talked about is in the 3 to 4 years, we should be talking about a revenue 
of ₹ 3,500 to ₹ 4,000 crores going forward, considering as we scale up more JDA projects like 
the Mahim and Sion, we have signed today and which will be starting, let's say, somewhere in 
the range of 15 months, 18 months.  
So that will add to the further revenue. So that way, we see clear path for us anything between 
₹ 3,500 crores to ₹ 4,000 crores revenue over the next 4 years, 5 years. 
Kaushik Dani: 
And what sort of debt or external funds that could be required for this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, as we speak today, we are sitting on a net cash positive in the Real Estate business. 
And based on the model which we have, we are not going to procure any land. It is all a JDA 
led model. And in the JDA led model, there is not so much needed in terms of a big large upfront 
payment. 
And since our sales velocity and execution, it has a very, very fast pace. Our peak cash 
requirement does not require a significant amount of debt. So even if you, and at the end of the 
day Thane is also generating every year a significant amount of free cash flow. So we should be 
able to have a very decent leverage ratio in this business. 
Kaushik Dani: 
Any targeted IRR for this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So we have said very clearly, the return on capital employed for this business is 25% for any of 
the JDA projects, which will be taken into. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
My questions are bookkeeping question for Amit. Amit, if I see the unallocable expenses 
adjusted for other income, since there is a sharp increase in other income, there seems to be a 
significant increase this year. What is that significant increase in the unallocable expenses? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
No. See, unallocable expenses is basically on account of, we mentioned, some of the 
advertisement and the expenditure we have considered also in the unallocable because it is for 
the Raymond and distributed all across. So that is one. And some of the parts are also relating to 
the acquisition and the expenditure which are incurred for the sale of the businesses like the 
FMCG business. These are the 2 businesses. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. So at an EBITDA level, we have an unallocable of almost ₹260 crores, ₹ 270-odd crores. 
So would this number be remaining in the same range or it will fall? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So it will reduce further. Going forward, it will reduce further. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
And how should we think about the split of this when we go for demerger between, say, a 
lifestyle business and the real estate business? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. I think we are just on the working on it and I think by the next quarter, we should have that 
number ready. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And the other question is, in the presentation, you mentioned a surplus cash of ₹ 680 
crores. What is that adjustment? Because the working capital of Maini is some ₹ 312 crores. So 
if we make that adjustment, it doesn't come to? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So two things. On Maini acquisition, we were sitting with a ₹ 1,500 crore cash. We paid before 
the 59% acquisition of Maini, close to ₹ 700 crores. And we also assumed a debt of ₹ 300 crores 
from the Maini working capital. So if you add the 2, that would result into an ₹ 682 plus, let's 
say, ₹ 1,000 crores, that would result that without the Maini acquisition, it would have been 
₹1,700 crores cash. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. Sure, sure. And lastly, if you can help us understand what could be the strength of impact 
of Ethnix on the apparel margin, would Ethnix be loss-making at the current venture? 
Amit Agarwal: 
We are looking at a gross margin basis. Because when you do the advertisement and others, it 
has both the advertisement cost for the Ethnix as well as it has the advertisement cost for other 
brands like Park Avenue and such. So therefore, for the gross margin, we are in line with the 
industry.  
Below the gross margin as we continue to open up the stores and everything, EBITDA margin 
is something which is one does not need to look into. And we are also more focused on the gross 
margin than what we are buying the product and selling the product is absolutely appropriate or 
not. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
First question is on the branded apparel business. Sir, what is the SSS for the quarter and also 
for the year for us? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Sorry, what is the question, Varun? Can you repeat it? I couldn't hear you. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, what is our same-store sales growth number for the EBO revenue in the branded apparel 
business? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. So it is a mid-single-digit number, which we have talked in quarter 4, which I would say it 
in the positive side of the industry and the numbers would be a similar range for the year also. 
Varun Singh: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my second question is in the Ethnix business, currently, what would be our 
revenue contribution looking like, meaning that what would be revenue share from the sherwani 
as a segment compared to non-sherwani or even the Smart Ethnix which is a differentiated set 
of proposition for us? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Yes. So Smart Ethnix is just starting out. So as I said, it's a new launch, and when we would be 
able to comment on that, maybe I would say, 6 to 8 months down the line. Regarding sherwani, 
kurta and other segments, kurta roughly would contribute to roughly around 40% to 50%-odd of 
the business and then the rest would come from the other wedding wear which is like sherwani 
and Indo-westerns etc. Bundi would contribute another maybe roughly... 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, sorry, I lost you. Bundi would contribute how much? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Bundi would contribute around 10%-odd; kurtas would be around 40% to 45%-odd 40% to 50% 
in that range and the rest would come from sherwani and Indo-westerns the wedding ensemble. 
And one thing I also want to point out, the kurtas are also used during the wedding wear as well 
for ceremonies like the haldi, mehndi etc. 
Varun Singh: 
Yes, understood. And sir, my last question is in the Ethnix segment, like how are we doing 
capital allocation with regards to ATL and BTL spends to build the brand? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So in this segment, there's hardly any BTL, if you ask me. Actually, we doesn't see any 
promotions, any end of season sales, any discounting. So the entire capital allocation is on brand 
building which is above the line. 
So we are investing very heavily behind two things. One is we need to establish the brand. So 
we need to clearly differentiate this is a retail destination brand for Ethnic wear and that is where 
campaigns are happening and the media is being spent across mass media as well as digital. So 
these two found the large part of our media budgets. 
And then the second part of capital allocation budgets go behind retail store marketing because 
as we are opening more and more new stores, there's very clearly a module that is there on how 
we establish new store presence in that cash fund for the first 3 months to 4 months. So this is 
the money goes, BTL is negligible. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix Group. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
The first question would be on the demerger. So you said 9th May when the NCLT hearing is 
due. So assuming all goes well thereby, when can we expect the RCCL to get listed on the 
exchange, sir? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
I think the way it is progressing, Himanshu should be end of July, mid-August. That is the time 
frame which we are looking based on the process, what we have prepared the timeline chart, 
various approvals and processes which is required is basically a timely process. So we expect 
July end or mid-August, by that time in that 2-week period, we should be able to get it listed. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Understood. And the second bit is now after consolidating Maini, we are still left with ₹ 700-
odd crores of net cash. And the fact that there are no significant capex plans and our cash 
generation should only pick up, so has the management thought about medium-term capital 
allocation plan? I mean between the 3 large growth vectors that you talked about, how much 
will be allocating to which vector or what's our thought process there in terms of new inorganic 
opportunities as well? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, Himanshu, as we continue, we believe there is a lot of opportunity in each of the businesses, 
as Sunil talked about that there are adjacencies in the Lifestyle Business, which we have and 
which could create a larger opportunity where initially you need to invest money. Like the way 
you have seen in the Ethnix business, we have been able to expand to 114 stores. We are putting 
money behind the brand. So I think that is one very, very clear for us. 
Second is the garmenting capex which we have talked that we are investing ₹ 200 crores of 
garmenting capex becoming the third largest suit maker in the world. And that is, again, a very, 
very revenue accretive and a good opportunity business as India getting China plus one and 
every other thing. So that is the second thing. 
As far as engineering business we know they are generating cash flows, and we believe there is 
a consistent, we need to put capex in order to further expand the capacity and also to innovate 
and bring newer products. And especially in the aerospace and defense, there's a huge 
opportunity. 
Today, India stands almost like 1%, 1.5% of the total aircraft component supply coming out of 
India. So there's a big opportunity there where we need to innovate and invest, not very large, 
but small, small investment needs to make in order to create a better opportunity for us. And 
obviously, the real estate, as I said, real estate is generating cash, which is deploying back the 
cash and putting money into the approval costs for the JDA which then eventually get started 
and with our sales velocity, let's say, 18 months, 24 months, 30 months, you again see that 
whatever the money you have spent starts to release back and gives you cash flow. 
So I think we have all the three vectors of growth, which requires cash, and we should be 
adequately deploying there. As far as inorganic, anything interesting -- we never knew how the 
Maini Precision came and it became a significant acquisition and it's going to help the business 
improve all the profitability, revenue growth and the valuations of the various businesses. To 
unlock the shareholder value, this is again a great opportunity. So like that, we will be on a 
lookout but can't say as of now anything substantial is there. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Understood. And final question, sir, would be on the B2B part of our lifestyle business, the 
garmenting and a high value cotton shirting. Given our product portfolio there looks like our 
margins are relatively lower to competition. So are we happy with the margins out there? Or 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
where do you see margins heading from that 10%, 11% range in the medium term for the 
garmenting and cotton shirting businesses? 
Sunil Kataria: 
Okay. I'll take the question on this. So if we see within the Garmenting business, we have 
actually been consistently improving our margins. They have moved very close to now 10%, 
11% margins. And our current focus is on increasing the revenue of the garmenting business as 
well as improving... 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen the line for Mr. Jatin has been dropped. Please wait for a moment while 
we reconnect them. 
Jatin Khanna: 
No, I think Sunil's line has dropped. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Let me take that question. No problem. Himanshu, I will take that question. Basically, if you see 
,if you could recall, Himanshu, in the past, we were in that 7% range zone and we have moved 
to close to double digit now. And I think there is a constant effort. And as you expand these 
Garmenting lines, there's a lot of need for training retailers and the designers and all these people. 
Because when we supply to the top brand, they want a perfect suit or a trouser or a shirt. 
So I think there is a lot of expenditure which goes into the training. But as we continue to expand, 
you would have that incremental training cost, which needs to be incurred in order to be on a 
better side of the product.  
So that is one very clearly as well as high value cotton shirting you see the best part is that it is 
a good product to have in order to get the trend and especially the volumes as we continue to 
grow the branded shirting business. This is something where we can see opportunistically get a 
good margin. But we can't expect a 20% margin in a B2B business, what you see in our B2C 
business. So therefore, these businesses will always be in that mid-teens kind of a margin vis-a-
vis the branded textile business which delivers 20-plus percent margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sourabh Gilda from Motilal Oswal. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
I had questions on the real estate business. Congrats on the good set of numbers. I just wanted 
to understand your pricing strategy for the Bandra project because it appears that it's quite 
healthy discount to the micro market.  
So just wanted to understand how we have priced it. And secondly, during the launch of second 
tower, have we taken any prices? And third, for the overall project level, what is the margin that 
you're expecting? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So Sourabh, I don't think that impression is correct that we've launched it at a discount to the 
micro market. Now Bandra East is comprising of two micro markets. One is a developed market, 
which is towards BKC. And then when you cross the highway on the other side, that side is still 
developing. It is not fully developed in that sense. 
So the pricing over there is in the range of ₹ 31,000, ₹ 32,000 going up to ₹ 33,000. There are 
players like Shapoorji and Rustomjee who are active there on that side of the market as well. So 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
we've actually launched at a premium to all these players. So I don't know how you got that 
impression, because on the other side, the difference in pricing is almost ₹ 10,000 to ₹ 15,000. 
So that is a natural difference in the micro market pricing itself. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Okay. Understood. And any prices hike in the launch of second tower? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
Yes. So we are on to our third tower now. And very soon, we will be launching the fourth one 
also. So we have already taken one price hike from the launch price. 
Sourabh Gilda: 
Okay. Can you quantify it or? 
Harmohan Sahni: 
It's ₹ 500 price hike we have taken. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Parekh from Sohum Asset Management. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Congratulations. So I just wanted to understand a little bit, let's say that we could have a run rate 
of ₹ 3,500 crores to ₹ 4,000 crores per annum in real estate. And considering our margins at 
25%, can we say that we will hit ₹ 1,000 crores EBITDA on a yearly basis very soon in Real 
Estate? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Absolutely. I think that is a very clear path. If you see -- it looks very simple is that if I 
have made with the project being launched, ₹ 2,300 crores of presales booking for the year '23, 
'24 without really having a significant JDA project launched. And that reflects very clearly that 
over the next 4, 5 years, we should be able to get these kind of numbers as we continue. 
And it is very simple math. We are talking a 10 million square feet if you do under construction, 
2 million every year in a delivery between 4 to 5 years of project phase. You are talking in 
Bombay, nothing is less than ₹ 20,000 per square feet. So very comfortably, you can hit a ₹3,500 
crores to ₹ 4,000 crores of sales. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Sure. Sure. And this would be what time frame? I just missed the time frame. 
Amit Agarwal: 
4 to 5 years. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
4 to 5 years is where we hit a run rate of ₹ 4,000 crores? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Harmohan Sahni: 
So Sanjay, I mean, just to add to what Amit just now said, that if you look at our trajectory, it 
has been quite fast-paced growth. But now we've hit a certain size. So going forward, you can 
expect, at least on presales, approximately about 18% to 20% growth rate. At least for the next 
2 years, you can assume that. So even if you were to extrapolate that, what Amit is saying, will 
automatically happen in 3 years, 3.5 years. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Very helpful. Secondly, the Engineering business is less understood. So with this merger, how 
would this look like because the areas where you're catering, aerospace, defense, even auto 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
ancillaries on exports potential is huge. So how do we think about this business in 3 years? And 
not getting to numbers, but how big can this become? Can you just guide us, please? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Yes, sure. No, no, it is a very attractive. And absolutely, as you said, that this is something 
which we believe with the Make in India theme, it's a great opportunity for the engineering 
businesses where we can build a large-scale business. 
So just to give you a perspective that the top 15 auto OEMs are covered in one way or the other 
between Ring Plus Aqua, our Raymond business or Maini Precision, which is the newly acquired 
business. So that is something it is very difficult to enter into the top OEMs. Now since we have 
already the top 15 OEMs, it helps us in order to move forward and get a larger piece of the 
business. That's number one. 
The number two aerospace and defense, as I mentioned and responded to somebody else, that 
today, India is just about 1% to 1.5% of the global $100 billion aerospace component industry. 
Now considering that aspect, India the way it grows. Whatever opportunity is there, it is very 
easy for us because we have created a decent base of ₹ 275 crores. And we are into the Indian 
critical component and not the base. So in those components, what happens is you have once 
entry are made, you can be there for tens of years. 
And then we are also in the EV component as well as if you see the Engineering business is 
going to be headed by Mr. Gautam Maini who is going to lead that business overall. And that he 
has been in this business for more than 40 years. So we got, in a sense, through this acquisition, 
a top technocrat entrepreneur to run the entire business. 
So as you said 3 years to 4 years, we'll see. We have delivered in EBITDA to the tune of ₹ 275 
crores in '23, '24, easily. It could be a larger ₹ 450 crores to ₹ 500 crores business over the next 
4, 5 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today's call. I would like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO, for closing comments. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much. It was great talking to all of you and look forward talking to you in the 
next quarter. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect. 
