 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 15th May, 2024 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 9th May, 2024 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 18th April, 2024 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 9th May, 2024. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
Manisha 
Saraf
Digitally signed 
by Manisha Saraf 
Date: 2024.05.15 
19:02:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Annual Results Conference Call” 
May 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRANAV AMIN–MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. R.K. BAHETI – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER  
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE  
 
MR. NILESH WADHWA - HEAD INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS AND 
STRATEGY  
 
 
 
 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 FY '24 and 
Annual Results Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals 
Limited. We have with us today Mr. Pranav Amin, Managing 
Director; Mr. Shaunak Amin, Managing Director; Mr. R.K. Baheti, 
Director, Finance and CFO; Mr. Ajay Kumar Desai, Senior VP, 
Finance; and Mr. Nilesh Wadhwa, Head International Business 
and Strategy. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. R.K. Baheti. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Baheti. 
Raj Kumar Baheti: Yes. Thanks. Thank you, everyone, for joining our con call. Let 
me briefly take you through the numbers, financial numbers for 
quarter ended and year ended 31st March 2024.  
During the quarter, our total revenue grew by 8% to INR 1,517 
crores, EBITDA is INR 263 crores, which is 17% of sales, and it 
grew by 29% on Y-o-Y basis. Net profit is INR 178 crores grew by 
17%. 
 
During the financial year, the whole year, revenue grew by 10% 
to INR 6,229 crores.  EBITDA is INR 961 crores, which is 15% of 
sales and grew by 41%. Net profit is INR 616 crores. It grew by 
80%.  
EBITDA and net profit for FY '24 are certainly not comparable with 
previous year, as during previous year, that is financial year '22-
23, expenses pertaining to new facilities were capitalized up to 
December '22, and they were expensed out only from January '23 
onwards, whereas in the current financial year, the whole 
expenses, the full expenses for full year have been expensed 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
out.Also, there were a couple of nonrecurring items in the 
previous year.  
EPS for the quarter is INR 9.07 per share versus INR 8.33 for last 
year's corresponding period and for the year is INR 31.33 per 
share for the current year versus INR 17.40 per share after the 
nonrecurring items and before nonrecurring items of previous 
year, previous year it was INR 25.29 per share. So overall, we 
have done well in almost all parameters and we'll discuss 
business wise when we come to that. 
 
The Company has recorded a higher dividend of INR 11 per 
share, which is 550% because our share par value INR 2 as 
against dividend of INR 8 per share, which was 400% per equity 
share for financial year '22-'23.  
As we have been indicating in last year or so, R&D expenses for 
the year has been trimmed down to INR 475 crores. Last year, 
was INR 722 crores, but INR 722 crores also included one-off 
write-off of erstwhile Aleor’s R&D expenses. 
 
As far as cash flow and borrowings are concerned, the Company 
has generated a good cash flow of INR 900-plus crores for the 
year ended 31st March 2024. After meeting its capex as well as 
working capital requirement and payment of dividend, the net 
cash inflow was INR 436 crores before paying dividend after 
paying dividend, we could reduce our bank balance by almost INR 
200 crores. 
 
So the debt equity which is already pretty low last year, has 
become even lower. Our gross borrowing is now INR430 crores 
versus INR 636 crores last year and we have INR 120 crores of 
cash in hand versus INR 75 crores in March '23. 
 
I will hand over the call to Shaunak for presentation on India 
branded business. Shaunak, over to you. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
Shaunak Amin: 
Thank you, Mr. Baheti. The India Branded Business in this quarter 
grew by 3% to INR 503 crores. And for the year, we had a 7% 
growth, leading us to INR 2,200. All our specialty segments, 
predominantly in gynecology, gastroenterology, antidiabetic, 
cardiology, ophthalmology, we have done significantly well. The 
businesses have continued to perform well. And in many brands, 
we have continued to outperform the market. 
 
Our Animal Healthcare business has continued to give a very 
robust performance.  
The only challenge this year as well as for Q4, has been the oral 
and the respiratory baskets and predominantly in the oral liquids 
in both antibiotics as well as in respiratory.  Both these segments 
did have a significantly higher base both for the year  '21-'22 and 
'22-'23 leading to a significant base correction effect thereby 
pulling the overall growth of these segments down to almost  flat 
or negative and despite that, we have done marginally better than 
the markets. But going forward, we expect even these 2 segments 
to give us more growth in line with the market. And with that,  95% 
of our overall portfolio in the India business should be doing pretty 
well and significantly outperforming the market. 
 
So now I'll pass the discussion on to Pranav for the international 
business. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you. It was a decent quarter for the international business, 
especially the U.S. business, which grew on the back of 7 
launches. The outlook for the U.S. business also appears much 
better than the start of the year with the commercialization of new 
facilities and operations set to scale up. We also don't have any 
regulatory overhang and have all EIRs in place for all our facilities. 
Hence, we see some substantial increase in operating leverage, 
along with the continued progress in cost improvements. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
The ex U.S. generics are also satisfactory as well as the API 
business, and they both on a strong foundation, they continue 
growing in the quarter.  
As I mentioned, we have the EIR for our oncology facility and all 
EIRs are in place.  
R&D expense was 8% of sales at INR 121 crores for the quarter. 
We have been working at optimizing our R&D costs and all 
improvements on track.  
We filed 3 ANDAs during the quarter and cumulative ANDA filings 
at 260.  
We received 1 tentative approval and launched 7 products in the 
U.S. during the quarter. Since April 1st, we have received 5 
additional approvals, which include 2 tentative.  
As regards numbers, as I said, the U.S., we launched 7 products 
and the business grew by 19% for the quarter, whereas for the 
year, it grew 10%. 
 
The ex U.S. generics grew 5% for the quarter, but for the year, it 
grew at a robust 23%.  
The API business grew 5% for the quarter, and 7% for the year. 
As I mentioned in the last quarter call that API may see for couple 
of quarters, a little slower offtake from some customers. But 
volume-wise of API business is still looking good. We take many 
to the regulated markets. And there's some pricing pressure, but 
volumes-wise API is looking quite good. 
 
Now with that, I would like to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from HSBC 
Securities & Capital Markets India Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
Damayanti Kerai: My first question is on gross margin. So very strong margins 
during the quarter. So if you can explain what has led to this very 
strong gross margin during the quarter? And how sustainable this 
would be? So that's my first question. 
Pranav Amin: 
 Thank you for the comments. The gross margins were good. I 
think a couple of things have led to this. One is increasing sales 
and revenue for the U.S. business. Number two, if you see our 
R&D costs are also optimized. Along with that, we have some 
other cost optimization. The facilities were occupied. So all this 
led to a higher gross margin. And I believe, these kinds of margins 
are sustainable moving forward. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. Just a clarification. So you said higher U.S. sales could be 
one of the factors contributing towards it. But quarter-on-quarter, 
when we look at the gross margin, I guess, U.S. is sequentially 
down, right? So -- is there any element of like stocking up there? 
Pranav Amin: 
No. no element of stocking. It's just, last quarter, we had some 
more onetime buyers, this quarter the volumes are little higher so 
facilities are better occupied. 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. So better utilization of facilities is a main reason if we have 
to continue. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. 
Damayanti Kerai: And R&D, like after bringing it down to below INR500 crores for 
this fiscal, how should we look at R&D expense ahead? 
Pranav Amin: 
 From this level onwards, we will continue growing it. Next quarter, 
I think to an absolute amount, we will grow it.  I would expect 
anywhere between INR 550 crores to INR 600 crores for the next 
fiscal, depending on how the projects go. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. And my last question for the U.S., you said now outlook is 
better with like plants getting better utilized. So this fiscal, we saw 
U.S. ranging from in say 50 to 55, 56 a quarter. So should we 
improve significant step-up in FY '25 and beyond in terms of sales 
from the U.S. business? 
Pranav Amin: 
Well, we are expecting to launch about 25 products in the U.S. So  
I anticipate that we would like grow the business from here 
onwards. Percentage depends because there will be a factor of 
price erosion in the existing portfolio versus how much traction we 
can get in the new products. But our goal is to grow the business 
from here on itself. 
Damayanti Kerai: Is 25 launches for this fiscal? 
Pranav Amin: 
For the fiscal year, yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Forum , Individual Investor. 
Forum: 
Congratulations on the numbers, and I have a couple of 
questions. So my first question is, with geographies, do we plan 
to penetrate and expand in FY '25 for ex U.S.? 
Pranav Amin: 
in most of the geographies we are present and it's on our investor 
presentation and also on the website. Our biggest territory is the 
U.S. followed by the ex-U.S. business mainly in Europe, Australia, 
Canada, Brazil and South Africa. 
Forum: 
And how do we see this business growing in FY '25? 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't give a guidance. But generally, if you see our ex-U.S. 
business over the last 5 years is at a 20% CAGR, and  that should 
continue. The U.S. is a little in terms of CAGR, it depends year-
to-year. This year, we've grown by 10%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vipul Jain from Arihant Capital 
Markets Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
Vipul Jain: 
So in the price realization decline in API, what do you think about 
that? Is it going to sustain or this is the... 
Pranav Amin: 
We have a very good quality API business with all regulated 
market customers. And I've said in the past also and if you can 
see that we like to compete at a higher level. We focus more on 
compliance and better quality. Having said that, there has been 
some more pricing pressure in the market. Nothing we can do 
about it. But it's still a very good margin business for us. The API 
margins are quite high, and it will continue growing. 
Vipul Jain: 
And also, this has been led by volume or product mix? How can 
we expect? 
Pranav Amin: 
For the API business? 
Vipul Jain: 
Yes, sir. 
Pranav Amin: 
API is a combination of both.  We're growing in terms of volumes 
as well as new products. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Sir, just from an FY '25-'26 perspective. So R&D was 
something what you are able to cover in '24, so when you look 
forward, I mean, what are the few key priorities when we look 
forward for growth or in terms of cost optimization, which the 
management would be targeting for the near future? 
Pranav Amin: 
Sure. Yes. it's a good question. What will happen R&D-wise, 
historically, all our approvals and bulk of our R&D spend was on 
oral solids. If you see now, it is gradually more part of it has gone 
towards injectables, complex injectables, derm, ophthalmic and a 
little bit of inhalation and oncology. So we move towards that. In  
future also, for R&D investments, what we've done is we have 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
reduced R&D because we cut out some projects because the 
returns had come down in the U.S. market compared to 5 years 
back. 
 
So we've optimized our portfolio. In terms of cost optimization, not 
just R&D, but across the board, what we're looking at is, as I 
mentioned, better utilization of our facilities, higher batch sizes, 
better volumes, given the facilities are better occupied. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Okay. Sir, in terms of the margins, would you like to guide 
number for '25-'26 in terms of what is the kind of expansion we 
should see because of this optimization? 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't really give a guidance, so sorry about that. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Sure, sir. And sir, one more question on the India business. 
So this quarter, growth was largely not impacted because of the 
acute therapy, but for the next year to -- I mean, how should we 
look at your India growth? Would it be in line with the market or 
slightly ahead of that? And in terms of your field force, are you 
looking to add further this year? 
Shaunak Amin: 
From a India business point of view,  we continue to maintain that 
if the market continues to perform normally, we should expect 
outperformance, like I said, in almost all our product/ key product 
therapeutic areas. We maintain as long as the market shows 
some kind of signs of returning to normalcy.  They are quite 
confident on that piece at least. And consistently, outperforming 
the market in all our therapeutic segments.  That's something we 
are quite confident to deliver this year. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Sure sir, I understood... 
Shaunak Amin: 
On this year, there's been no manpower expansion in the India 
business, just some routine manpower adjustments, there is no 
actually manpower expansion. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Bharat from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Celly: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on gross margins... 
Moderator: 
Bharat, sorry, we are losing your audio. Can I request you to come 
into the reception area, please? The next question is from the line 
of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Just on the gross margin, you said that the gross margin will be 
sustainable. So in quarter 4, we did around 75% gross margin, 
but for the full year, we did around 72%. So which number is 
sustainable with 72% or 75% what we did in quarter 4 for FY '25? 
Raj Kumar Baheti: In the past that we'll be happy with our kind of product mix and 
the territory mix, we'll be happy with about 70% margin.  More or 
less, we have been maintaining  it. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sorry, sir, I didn't get what is the number which you called out? 
Raj Kumar Baheti:  We will be happy with 70% gross margin, and we have been 
maintaining that. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. Okay, sir. But any geopolitical risk or you are thinking of 
your supply volume in terms of cost increase? Anything in FY '25, 
we would like to call out. 
Pranav Amin: 
No, I think nothing on the geopolitical side. All our facilities are in 
Baroda in India. So no issues there. We have just seen a little bit 
disruptions in terms of the shipping due to the Middle East, apart 
from that, nothing else. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And my second question is related to the U.S. business. 
Before, how many launches we have done? And what kind of 
price erosion on an average we have seen. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Pranav Amin: 
We've launched 27 products in the U.S. Start of the year, we had 
guided for about 25 or around that.  We've launched 27. Next 
year, we expect to launch another 25 or so. Price erosion is there. 
It's tough for me to give that figure because it's very tough to 
calculate price erosion. But as it is, it will be in high single digits 
or low double digits, somewhere around. It depends product to 
product. Some products, it's still higher and some is more stable. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. Got it. sir, what I want to understand that we already have 
147 products in the U.S. We have banked up $280 million to $310 
million in this U.S. market. So roughly, revenue for all products, I 
mean average we're doing around $1 billion, $1.5 billion because 
I understand that we have launched many products and that could 
gain share in FY '25, and plus price erosion is also high single 
digits, plus we are also adding another 25 products. So don't you 
think that we would be actually able to do double-digit sort of 
growth in FY '25. I mean in U.S., we can see a big growth coming 
in? 
Pranav Amin: 
I agree with these kind of launches, we should see a decent 
growth, in my opinion. Having said that, the one unknown or the 
variable is the price erosion. I don't know how the price erosion is 
going to fare on some of the high-margin products. As you know, 
we do like to get higher margin rather than pure volumes. And 
that's a strategy that we've built in the U.S. business that we focus 
more on the profit and the higher prices rather than the margins. 
It really depends. If there is erosion in some of the high-value 
products for us, and it gives away lot of the margins. 
 
And we continue looking -- we continue to look for short-term 
opportunities as well. So sometimes there are supply constraints. 
We do get a bump up. So it's a combination of that. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. Sir, another question, last question is on capex. What will 
be the capex investment in FY '25? And what will be your tax rate? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
Pranav Amin: 
We've come off a large capex cycle last couple of years. So we 
have no further like brownfield or greenfield expansions. At the 
most what we will do is within the existing facilities maintenance 
capex and capacity debottlenecking. So I anticipate capex should 
be about INR300 crores or so. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And  tax rate for FY '25. 
Pranav Amin: 
Sorry, I couldn't hear that what you say? 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Tax rate 
Raj Kumar Baheti: We will continue to be under MAT and the tax rate will be around 
17%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nihar Gupta, individual investor. 
Due to no response. We move onto the next participant. Next 
question is from the line of Agraj Shah from Tata AIA Life 
Insurance. 
Agraj Shah: 
Okay. So 3 questions more like clarification from what we had 
guided last quarter. So firstly, on the U.S. side, we are kind of 
mentioned that for FY '25, we expect 10 to 15 launches. And now 
we are guiding more than 25 launches. So what's helping giving 
us that confidence and what changed during the quarter? 
Pranav Amin: 
It is not the question of confidence.  We've measured how many 
approvals that you get an API products were launched. We don't 
always launch if the product is late. We don't always launch it on 
day one of the approval. So it is sometimes just bundles up and 
we launch them together. So just a question of how many 
approvals that we get and when we launch it. The confidence that 
we have in launching more products this year is we're seeing the 
pipeline of products that are pending and what we expect from 
the target action date. So also our facilities, as I mentioned, 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
there's no regulatory overhang. So those approvals, and the new 
filings should also flow through. 
Agraj Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question was on the U.S. base. So 
last quarter, again, we had guided that $57 million was a new 
base. And this quarter we already reported on $51 million, but 
probably you said that there was some one-off kind of an 
opportunity last quarter. So if you can just clarify that what 
changed there? 
Pranav Amin: 
It's tough to give  a guidance for the base business. The best way 
of seeing it is what's happened last couple of quarters.  $50 million 
plus is what we're looking at. Q3 was a little higher. We did have 
some more onetime opportunities in the market. But I guess what 
we see now could be the base, and then we build it up from there. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Desai from Turtle Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Desai: 
So my first question is, if you go back in time, I think 3, 4 years 
back before a certain opportunity and the capex, I think with the 
72% gross margin, you were doing 20% plus kind of operating 
margin. So considering that we are doing now complex generics 
in the U.S. market, is it a fair assumption that as operating 
leverage kicks in we will go back to those kind of numbers. I'm not 
saying this time line, but directionally, is that the right way to 
think? 
Raj Kumar Baheti: Your observations are right, but you must also appreciate the fact 
that  we have commercialized 4 new facilities and the  the yearly 
expenses on these 4 facilities are about INR300 crores, including 
the depreciation. So that  charge is hitting my P&L, whereas the 
revenue from these facilities are still very small. So more products 
get approval and the products get traction in the market, you will 
see a better improvement in margin scenario. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
Desai: 
Right, sir. I'm talking about when all these facilities are optimally 
utilized, not saying next quarter or 2 quarters, I'm saying 2, 3 
years anywhere? 
Raj Kumar Baheti: We hope to be again back to 20% plus kind of margins because 
we get this traction from these facilities. 
Desai: 
Okay. And we spent around INR2,000 crores on these facilities. 
So what kind of asset turns that we were thinking earlier? I think 
at that time the U.S. generic market context was slightly different. 
So given the situation today have we kind of changed our 
assumption on that, if you can talk little bit about that? 
Raj Kumar Baheti: Yes. The buoyancy in the U.S. generic market has gone down. 
But let's say, this market is little cyclic. I mean, if our facilities are 
compliant, if our supply chain is smart, nimble, we'll keep finding 
opportunities and we'll keep what we call seizing those 
opportunities as and when they present themselves. 
Desai: 
So is it safe to assume [2x as a ton or this facility or that's on the 
higher side? 
Raj Kumar Baheti: As of now, it’s is a hypothetical question and it’s a little distinct 
period of question, so I won't comment on it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vivek Jhala from Jhala 
Investment Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Jhala: 
Sir, I have recently started tracking the company. I basically have 
3 questions in regards to the U.S. business. First is, if you could 
please give some information on how the new launches have 
been performing in the past few quarters? 
Pranav Amin: 
 Yes. New launches have done pretty okay. It depends product to 
product. As I mentioned earlier, Alembic, we focus more on trying 
to get the maximum margin rather than getting market share for 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
the sake of getting market share. So it depends on the competitive 
scenario in each product. 
 
And we like to get ready and be there. And when we -- as Mr. 
Baheti said, when we see shortages, that's the time when we 
ramp up our market share. So it's gone satisfactorily. We're 
waiting and seeing, wherever we can get more opportunities, we 
do have a robust supply chain, we'll try getting -- picking up 
additional shares. 
Vivek Jhala: 
Second question is how optimistic are we in regards to our 
performance in U.S. in FY '25? 
Pranav Amin: 
We're fairly optimistic as compared to a year back, U.S. had come 
off a massive price erosion and there's a lot of gloom in the 
market. Compared to that, I feel a lot more bullish now, especially 
with the new facilities coming up on stream, the new approvals 
coming up and the launches that we have. So while there is 
pricing erosion and the market is -- there is a lot of buying on the 
buying side, which is driving on prices. But there are still 
opportunities if you run a good business. 
Vivek Jhala: 
Okay. And what would be our focus therapies in the U.S. for FY 
'25? 
Pranav Amin: 
It's a generic business. So we don't go therapy wise. It's just on 
the capability-wise, and our capabilities were part of our oral 
solids, increasingly, you've seen more approvals on injectables, 
on oncology, on ophthalmic, and derm as well. 
Vivek Jhala: 
Okay. And just the last one. Are we observing any price erosion 
in injectables? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. In the U.S., we're seeing price erosion across the board 
everywhere. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Celly from Equirus 
Securities Private Limited.. 
Bharat Celly: 
Congrats on the great set of number. Just wanted to understand 
on the gross margin part, we have seen almost like 400 bps 
improvement sequence to quarter-on-quarter. So I just wanted to 
understand what exactly led to this margin improvement? 
Raj Kumar Baheti: quarter-on-quarter, it's never a good sign of doing a comparison. 
A whole year comparison is much better, more balanced. And as 
I said,  the gross margin hovers at around 70% plus, and we are 
happy about it. 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay. And on pricing pressure in the U.S., so how do you see this 
pricing pressure to pan out in next year or probably years to 
come? And how do you see this shortage within the U.S. market? 
Is it largely led by people stopped pruning with existing portfolio 
because of low margin? Or is there something else to read out? 
Pranav Amin: 
Bharat, those questions are very hard to predict because I don't 
know what's going to happen in terms of the price erosion in the 
market or the other bit. Because it really depends on the 
competitive pressure where people go, how they lead to how 
much that drop prices, how aggressive a player is in the market. 
And shortages also depends on a factor if someone's supply 
chain is working and someone has a regulatory issue. So it's very 
tough to predict those. But however, we like to stay ready for 
whatever opportunities we see in the market. 
Bharat Celly: 
Right. And sir, just what I was trying to understand whether these 
shortages are because of some shortages in the market -- sorry, 
because of some regulatory issue or people are pruning that 
portfolio? 
Pranav Amin: 
I think not so much pruning the portfolio, yes, pruning the portfolio 
will be there, but  it's just a matter of, one,  the regulatory actions, 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
And number two, would be just them being able to manage the 
supply chain. As you know, the U.S. is large volumes, and it's 
quite dynamic. And sometimes if they're not able to manage the 
supply chains for whatever reason, then you may see some 
shortages. 
Bharat Celly: 
And I understand we can't share geography-wise margins, but 
what I'm trying to understand is what sort of margins will be there 
for a product where the competition will be, let's say, almost too 
intensive like almost like 10 players whereas the margins are 
below -- gross margins are below 40% in those cases or it will be 
higher? Just directionally, I'm trying to understand. 
Pranav Amin: 
It's very tough to generalize. We as I said, we don't give product-
wise guidance. It's very tough to generalize, right? It depends on 
how efficient you are on any  product, how much you are 
backward integrated on, whether you are backward integrated on 
the API, what kind of scale do you have? So it's very tough to say 
it depends product to product. 
Bharat Celly: 
Actually, I was trying to understand more from the perspective 
whether these products are turning negative or, let's say, unviable 
at a gross margin level also? Or it is just at EBITDA... 
Pranav Amin: 
 We generally don't like to sell anything at a negative margin. 
Bharat Celly: 
Okay. Okay. And lastly, this quarter, we have seen that acute has 
been prepared. What has been the reason for that acute therapy 
the domestic business? 
Pranav Amin: 
Sorry, what do you say? 
Bharat Celly: 
So acute therapy for this quarter in the domestic business has 
been weak. So what led to it? Is there any reason. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes. If you look at the base of '21-'22 and '22-'23, that gives a clue 
as to why the base has been weak. So it's predominantly driven 
by that. 
Bharat Celly: 
So as far as I remember, in the past year, we had a super growth 
-- sterile growth in Azithral. So that is the main cause of tepidness 
for this quarter? 
Shaunak Amin: 
 Like I mentioned in the call in my opening statement, both 
antibiotic basket and the respiratory basket are predominantly 
more gravitated towards the liquid preparations in both antibiotic 
and respiratory. And yes, Azithral would be a significant chunk of 
that. 
Bharat Celly: 
Right. And last one from my end before I move the queue. On the 
U.S. business, you mentioned that in the past quarters, we have 
seen some onetime supply. So in the fourth quarter, was there a 
onetime supply or it was completely base business which we have 
seen? 
Pranav Amin: 
It was just the regular base business. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on the Animal Health business, there has been a 
very good scale up. Even fourth quarter, we ended doing almost 
30%- 34%. So just to understand here what is it that is rising, is it 
more volumes or is it regional expansion, if you could elaborate? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No, it's a mix of both. Last financial year, we have added 
additional division in the wet business in the livestock segment. 
And it's a combination of that plus I think our performance, which 
you see. So there's a trend line both in the last 3 years, which 
shows that we continue to perform and maybe the rate of growth 
keeps accelerating because it's a combination of both, 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
quantitative expansion as well as qualitative operational 
execution going up. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So the benefit of this new division is now fully reflected in 
the numbers or we are yet to see the entire benefit in coming 
quarter. 
Shaunak Amin: 
We have started seeing good impact on that, but  continues to 
play out even this year as well as next year, I think. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, broadly, how much investment you would have done 
in this Animal Healthcare -- Animal Health segment till date? 
Shaunak Amin: 
In terms of investment in terms of manpower? 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Both manpower and if any of manufacturing, if you do in-
house? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Manufacturing with a combination of internal as well as external 
third-party suppliers. So there's no additional capex expenditure 
from that point of view. And in terms of manpower strength, like I 
mentioned in the investor slide, 280 people in the business in the 
last financial year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. And lastly, on the specialty segment, also 
year-on-year, if I look at it, it's 5% growth. I understand 
seasonality and higher sales of some select products in the 
previous year impacted acute, but specialty also has been quite 
moderate. Any particular reason you would like to attribute? 
Shaunak Amin: 
No. even the whole IMS performance in the last 4 months has 
been quite subdued. It's just a factor of that. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
In fact that -- so at the industry level, what do you -- what 
kind of numbers are we thinking of for FY '25 at the industry level 
in terms of growth? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
Shaunak Amin: 
 It's very hard for me to make a comment on the overall industry 
growth. But I expect this base impact of previous years to get 
moderated out rather most of it has got moderated out in the '23-
'24. So I expect '24-'25 to be more towards a normal year in terms 
of growth.  You can expect maybe anywhere from  mid- to high 
single-digit performance for the overall market next year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. And lastly, on gross margin, has there been -
- so as you also witnessed in the API segment in terms of the 
price erosion. So is that also benefiting us on the formulation side 
and so partly driving better gross margins? And subsequently, is 
it sustainable? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, actually not really because most of the API we sell to -- is 2 
separate things, right? This APIs all to regulated market 
customers all over the world. It's one and the other. I said in the 
last call that some of it is a little lumpy because it had to go with 
a few particular customers and then there's a little lower offtake. 
That's one of the reasons. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: Pranav, Just one question. On you comment on price erosion in 
the U.S. I mean high single-digit, low double-digit digit seems to 
be on the higher side. in the backdrop of disruption and shortages 
that most people talk about. How are you reading the scenario? I 
mean, why are we not seeing better pricing environment? And 
your comment also seems like it's uncertain in terms of how the 
prices will evolve. So any comments there? How are you reading 
the dynamics given that you have a large portfolio and across 
formulations, you are present? 
Pranav Amin: 
The way I've seen the dynamic is compared to about 5 years 
back, the market is much better supplied than what it used to be. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
We do have a very high supply percentage that do on time. But 
the market generally is a better lot more, a lot more players with 
a lot more product in the market. 
So that is one of the reasons why I'm saying this. Number two, 
compared to about 2 years back, I'm saying the erosion is less 
because about 2 years back, we had a whole bunch of that Sartan 
portfolio, which we are selling at very high prices due to some 
short-term benefits. So that has really come down. Having said 
that, I still see price erosion. It really depends how aggressive the 
competitors are and to get market share. Number two,  on the 
buying side, nothing has changed, right? Your buyers still remain 
the same. So they can try negotiating harder whenever they can. 
It is a buyer's market. 
Saion Mukherjee: Understood. And just one last one on the U.S. itself. You have 
launched 27 products last year. How have you seen pricing on 
these products or these new launches? Are they better then what 
the trend has been in the past or versus your expectation or the 
erosion has been higher, I mean, for the new launches... 
Pranav Amin: 
It depends on product to product. On some injectables, it was 
fairly good and much better than what we anticipated on the rest. 
We're seeing that buyers do look for sometimes a reliable supply 
partner, which we've been able to build ourselves up. So it's been 
a mixed bag. By and large, we've been okay. The portfolio gets to 
where we thought it would, but it's balanced across. So  it is very 
tough to predict which ones I'll actually end up with a better margin 
and which one with a lower erosion. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Pranav, where do you see the R&D expenses as revenue settling 
down over the next 2, 3 years? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Pranav Amin: 
 I just said someone had asked earlier. For this financial year, FY 
'25, I see that R&D should be anywhere between about 550 to 
600 in that range, somewhere around that range. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And this is where you see it settling in general... 
Pranav Amin: 
No, no. I think marginally it will keep going up, right? As the 
business goes up as -- so we will keep increasing. And within 
R&D, the spends will get reallocated. So as I mentioned that from 
OSD, we'll spend a little bit more on injectables on complex 
injectables, ophthalmic, derm, so that will get balanced out. And 
also part of it will go to the other territories. We've recently been 
spending a little bit more on the rest of the world territories as well. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And does this change in R&D strategy, does it really imply any 
large chunks of capex also over the next 2, 3 years? 
Pranav Amin: 
No. On the R&D side, there's no large capex at the most it will just 
be maintenance capex and equipment upgrades, but no large 
capex on the R&D side. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
What I meant is for the products that we're looking to produce in 
shifting focus now from a new product perspective. Does that 
imply any meaningful expenses on... 
Pranav Amin: 
Not on the R&D side, whatever expenses we have to incur, we've 
already done it in terms of R&D as well as the plant side. So the 
bulk of it is already done. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly, Mr. Baheti, how should we think about our overhead 
costs from here on? I think they've been a little volatile after the 
big plants are all out in the base now. Should we be looking at 
what inflation driven sort of price hikes in our overhead going 
forward? 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
Raj Kumar Baheti: Yes, as I said in the beginning, '23-'24, it seems to be a normal 
year. And from here, comparison will be much more easier to do. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And lastly, Pranav the U.S., the 25 product launches that 
you're talking about, I mean, are there any assured sort of 
exclusivity – semi-exclusivity position for you that will play out 
during the year? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, I think nothing of that sort. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I'll 
now hand the conference over to Mr. R.K. Baheti for closing 
comments. 
Raj Kumar Baheti: Thanks. I think there are a couple of other guys in the queue. We 
could not take it just because we were running out of time, I would 
request them to send a mail to me and we'll be able happy to 
respond to you. 
 
In the meantime, thank you very much for attending this call as 
usual. As always, it's a pleasure talking to all of you, with just a lot 
of insight and levelling and look forward to your continued support 
in the coming year. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals 
Limited, 
that 
concludes 
this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
