ffice : 401- 
402, 
Lusa Tower 
omplex, Delhi-110 033 
sindio.com 
(] 
‘.éS‘?‘HDH‘}’%H(OH‘?U‘? 
1SO 9001, 
14001 & OHSAS 18001 
‘ wm 2L o 
msechudes 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
Ref: IIL/SE/2024/0406/01 
Dated: June 04, 2024 
The Manager 
Listing Compliance Department 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
(Through NEAPS) 
Scrip Code: 532851 
Symbol: INSECTICID 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 
2024 
Pursuant 
to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call — Q4 & FY 2024 held in connection with the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2024 
on May 29, 2024, is enclosed and is also available on the website of the Company and can be 
accessed on the following link: https://www.insecticidesindia.com/investors-desk/ 
This is for information & record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Truly, 
For Insecticides (India) Limited 
(Sandeep Kumar) 
Company Secretary & 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Encl: s above
Sandee
p Kumar
Digitally signed 
by Sandeep 
Kumar 
Date: 2024.06.04 
13:37:30 +05'30'

insecticides 
(INDIA] LINITED 
“Insecticides India Limited 
Q4 & FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2024 
;&a insecticides 
orientcapital 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJESH AGGARWAL — MANAGING DIRECTOR — 
INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP AGGARAWAL — CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER — INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVYA SHAH — ORIENT CAPITAL 
Page 1 of 17

@ insecticides 
Moderator: 
Bhavya Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Insecticides India Limited Q4 and FY 24 
Earnings Conference Call organized by Orient Capital. As a reminder all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
Inow hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavya Shah. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to Q4 and FY 24 camings 
conference call of Insecticides India Limited. Today on this call, we have with us Mr. Rajesh 
Aggarwal, Managing Director; and Mr. Sandeep Aggarawal, Chief Financial Officer. Before we 
proceed with the call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that this conference call may contain 
certain forward-looking statements, which are based on belicfs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as of datc. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to M. Rajesh Aggarwal for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Thank you, Bhavya. Rajesh Aggarwal this side. Thank you, and a very good afternoon. We 
extend a wam welcome from Insceticides India for Q4 and FY 24 results con call. We 
appreciate your time and interest in our company -- company's performance. 
I hope that 
everyone has the opportunity to go through the financial results, which have been uploaded on 
the stock exchanges. So first of all, 
I would like to begin with the industry outlook. So I can say 
that we foresee a very good year ahead with very positive and strong headwinds. 
And there is a visible sign of demand recovery. Since the announcements of monsoons are El 
Nino, which means that the above-normal monsoons are expected in this scason. So market is 
very, very positive. And I'm quite hopeful that with our focus on Maharatna Products, which 
means premiumization, is going to help us in a big way in improving the margins of our 
company. 
So you have scen that Maharatna has contributed in our last year also in a big way, about 27% 
growth in the B2C scgment is envisaged out of the Maharatna and focus Maharatna product. 
From 51%, they have gone to 59%. And we have a strong pipeline of products to be launched in 
this year also. If we talk about the launches, which has happened in the previous year. So about 
cight launches, which has contributed to INR50-plus crores of sales. 
But if you look at the three years from FY 120 to 124, so whatever products arc launched, they 
have contributed more than INR500 crores, which shows that market has shown a very good 
interest in our new generation product. And the way we are trying to bring in these products into 
our portfolio and we are trying to present them as Maharatna Products. 
So matket is taking them very positively and we arc increasing our share of sales by these 
products in particular. So today, if I talk about the industry, then I would say that the pain point 
is over and the high cost inventory is also over from the matket. So there was some pain, which 
was remaining in the previous year. So mostly things are gone. And now we can say that it is a 
Page 2 of 17

@ insecticides 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
fresh start. And in this fresh scason, we can anticipate and see the margins for the industry going 
w. 
So T would like to talk a lttle on the FY '23-FY 24 results. We have shown a growth of about 
9%. Good part that we could again cost INR100 crores as the PAT margins. So I would say that 
this improvement has happened only because of our focus towards the Maharatna Products or 
the valuc-added products, and this has become the strategy that instead of focusing around the 
volumes, we will focus around the value-added sales. 
And definitely, this s going to help us in a big way in future also increasing our margins and 
taking them to the new height. Though export has been a lttle challenge duc to the inernational 
issues of currencics and credit ratings of the different countrics and the availability of dollars 
with them. But still, I believe that the export will also see a decent growth in this fiscal 
Talking about our margins. Yes, you have seen the increase in the gross margins and of course, 
the EBITDA. And I would say that we are ready for the growth in the -- both EBITDA margins 
and we are working towards taking it back to 2 digits in the next 1 to 2 years. And definitely, 
the tight margin growth s also going to support us in a big way, and I'm quite confident that the 
agenda, which we have kept with the new products in pipcline is going to supportus in increasing 
our profit margins. 
I would here like to talk about some products, in particular, like Hachiman, Shinwa, Mission, 
Torry. These are the products, which are launched into the market in the previous 3 years, and 
they are the major contributors in the INRS00 crores growth. And luckily, all these 4 products 
are the part of our focus Maharatna range, which is the top end range of our Maharatna Products. 
Soif 
I talk about the future trend also, then the future trend also looks like that we are going to 
launch about 7 to § products further into this season. 
We have built up a very strong portfolio of insecticides, herbicides and fungicides. I Italk about 
herbicides, in particular, then on various important crops like sugarcanc, paddy, maize, wheat, 
we arc building up a very strong portfolio of our herbicides, and we arc trying to bring more 
products into these segments, in particular, with our focus around with mixture products also. 
Soall these products are going to help us in building the margin growth for future. 
And in B2C scgment, we can say that we are going to continue with our double-digit growth, in 
particular, in the years to come also and in the next year, again, with more growth from the 
Maharatna segment, which is cnvisaged in this year that Maharatna has grown by almost 11%, 
from 51% to 59% and the total growth is about 27%, particularly from Maharatna. 
So we are going to continue with these innovative solutions continuously. Here, 
I would like to 
also appreciate my R&D team, which is supporting us in bringing the new gencration molecules 
to the market. And we arc not only bringing these products by reverse engincering, but we are 
also making new gencration formulations, which generally are the mixtures of products, and this 
mixture strategy has worked out very well in the recent past. And our - with our R&D support, 
we are able to establish these products very well into the markst. 
Page 3 of 17

@ insecticides 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Talking about the manufacturing facilities. I would also like to discuss here that our locations 
are very interesting, particularly Gujarat and Rajasthan. They are near the marketplaces and 
our expansion strategy in both the locations has also supported the company a lot. So Chopanki 
cxpansion is complete and functioning. Dahej, there are some issucs in getting the final 
clearances though the plant is ready and we are ready for production, and it is going to support 
us in a big way in backward integration and introduction of certain more Als, which we are 
going to launch as the pilot products into the market in this scason, but it is taking some time to 
clear. Final clearances is awaited. And I believe in the next 2 to 3 months' time, we should be 
able to get these final clearances and Dahej plant should be fully up and functioning by which it 
will help in 2, 3 ways. Number one, it will help us to backward-integrate to make certain raw 
‘materials, which will reduce our import dependence. 
It will also help to introduce some more Als, so we manufacture the technicals. And we also 
Iaunch the brands out of these Als. So this will be a big support from this. Talking about our 
marketing initiatives. We are working a lot with the farmer in our branding strategy. We have a 
tag more than 21 lakh farmers now, 70,000 retailers, and we are working with more than 6,000 
plus distributors and our focus is to contact -- to establish the last mile connectivity with the 
farmer. 
So we are working very well, very close to the farmer, close to the retailers, close to the 
distributors because when you are launching such new gencration products one by one, then you 
have to be in the market. You have to demonstrate the advantages of these products. You have 
to demonstrate the result so that you can create them as brands and this strategy has helped us a 
ot in building our focus Maharatna. 
So if I talk about the focus Maharatna, then I've discussed a few products like Shinwa, Mission, 
Torry, Hachiman already, but the other products like Green Label, Izuki dominant. So I have 
very high expectation from all these products, which are launched and all the products which are 
going to come, like Torex will be a very recent launch. Super Star, many new products are in 
pipcline, and we are targeting to launch these products in the month of June and July. 
So our expectation from this season s very, very good. Our initiative of IIL 360 program s also 
going out well so we are again trying to connect the farmer -- trying to connect the network. 
When I say network, distributor and retailer both dircetly to the company so that there can be 
fwo-way communication. So everything is playing out very well. 
And thanks to our brand ambassador, Ajay Deven, who has shot the new ads for this new season. 
And very - in a short time, these ads will be outin the matket. I'm very, very confident that with 
all our efforts, our endeavour to improve the profitability in the market is going to go up. We 
should be able to perform better. And in this current fiscal also, 
I would like to highlight two, 
three things, which were particularly in foeus, like we have optimized our working capital base 
from 169 to 150. 
We are able to reduce our inventory despite of 9% growth in the top line. Our debt equity has 
improved from 0.18% to 0.09%. The B2C revenue has grown by almost 11%. And similarly, 
the new products, which have come - which are launched in the previous year has contributed 
Page 4 of 17

@ insecticides 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
INRS0 crores and the products, which are launched in the last 3, 4 years have contributed about 
INRS00 crores plus. 
And the brands like Shinwa, Hachiman, Torry, Mission, they will continue their charm in the 
present fiscal also, and they will show a robust growth in the market with attaining a key position 
into the market in the distribution channel as well as the good appreciation from the farmer. So 
with this, I'l hand over the call to the CFO to discuss the results. 
Thank you, sir, and good evening to all the participants. I will now share the highlights of our 
performance for quarter 4 of FY 24 and full year of FY '24. Post which we will be happy to take 
questions from all of you. So the performance of FY 24 on a consolidated basis, the company 
has reported a revenue from operation of INR1,966 crores as against a reveme of INR1,801 
crores in FY 123, showing a growth of 9% yearly basis. 
EBITDA stood at INR163 crores, as against INR122 crores last year, showing a growth of 
around 33%. PAT stood at INRI02 crores against a PAT of INR63 crores in the last year, 
showing a growth of around 62%. And now the quarterly performance, quarter 4 of FY '24. The 
revenue from operations stood at INR273 crores versus INR302 crores in FY 23 last year. 
EBITDA stood at INRO crores in quarter 4 of FY '24 against a loss of INR28 crores in last year 
in the quarter 4. 
PAT stood at INRS crores in quarter 4 of FY 24 as against a loss of approximately INR29 crores 
in quarter 4 of FY '23. So let me share some category wise breakup also. For the year-on-year 
comparison in FY 24, the share of insecticide has remained same at around 45%. The share of 
herbicide has dropped from 40% to 33%. Fungicides have increased from 12% to 19%. 
Biological and PGR remain at 3%. 
Coming on to the segment-wise sales, in FY '24 basis, B2C is around 69%. B2B is 26% and 
export is around 5%. So in FY '23, the Maharatna contribution in B2C sales were around 51%, 
and other products are 49%. Whereas in FY 24, the Maharatna contribution in B2C segment is 
at 59% and other products are 41%. 
Thank you from my side. Now we can open the floor for question and answer session. Thank 
you very much. 
Thank you very much, sir. The first question is from the line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value 
Capital. Please go ahcad. 
A couple of questions, sir. First, on the Q4 results. So can you just highlight the reasons about 
the tepid performance, which we have scen over the Q42 And just can you highlight on the 
volume growth for the quarter as well as for the full year? 
Volume growth for the quarter might be a little difficult, but as a full year we have grown in 
terms of value by almost 9%. But when it comes to volume, we can say broadly, it should be 
roughly around 20% because the prices of different things vary, but we can say that the average 
downfall last year is about double-digit downfall. So we can say 20%. 
Page 5 of 17

@ insecticides 
Bharat Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Sandeep Aggarawal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sandeep Aggarawal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Sofor full year, volume growth has been close to 20%. And our revenues have increased by near 
about 10% odd level. So in a way, the product mixing has been towards close on minus 9-odd 
percent. Am T right? 
Ididn't gt you fully. But yes, the market has ~ like the prices have gone down by 10%, roughly. 
So yes, so this is the thing. 
Right. Sir, the reason behind like the weak performance out there in Q4, so can youjust highlight 
the reason about the drop in the revermies as well as the impact on the profitability front? 
The reason of drop in the revenucs because of the falling prices. The market did not have the 
confidence to store the material, so distributors bought only whatever they were having the 
regular sales, so they tried to skip the advance placements and we also did not place 
it 
strategically because we wanted to grow in the Q1 of the next year, so we did not push the market 
for that because the markets were falling. In the falling market, people generally hesitate to 
invest. 
Right. And sir, we have scen that there has been an increase in the other costs to an extent of 
close to 16-0dd percent. So any particular reason o there is some sort of provision, which we're 
building? 
Tt should 
be the adjustment. I'll give it to the CFO because the other cost, there is no reason to 
increase. So... 
So increase in other costs you are asking na? 
Right. 
Yes, it is basically mainly there is an increase in power and fiel factor, the big increase and some 
increases are there in marketing expenses also because when we launch new products, we have 
to work more with the farmers. So there is an increase of around INRS crores in TA, DA, you 
can say traveling expenses. And these are the 2 major contributors increasing other costs. 
Any hit which you have taken because of the aredit note issuance to our dealers during the 
quarter? 
No. 
There hasn't been any ~ neither there has been any sort of a write-off 
or selfewritten... 
No. 
Sir, just on the margin trend. Sir, we have seen that new products that contribute close to 25% 
of our overall sales for full year. And I believe gross margins would be mnging above 35-0dd 
percent for these products. Just to factor in, for the remaining 75% of our product category, if I 
look at the blending basis, the margins comes down to near about 20%, 21% for the 75% product 
categoty. So can you just highlight the reason why there has been such sort of a dip in the overall 
gross margins, where we enjoy nearly 60% revenues coming out from the valuc-added products. 
Page 6 of 17

@ insecticides 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Bharat, if you'l sce the result of first quarter. First quarter there was a dipping profitability due 
to higher cost inventories were there. So if that could not happen, then the profit should be quite 
better from this level of INR102 crores. So that was -- I think if I'm not wrong, there was a dip 
of around INR30 crores in first quarter. So now with a good product mix, definitely, the profit 
is going to go up, as there is no high-cost imventory in the system. So we are hoping that there 
should be a very good margin in the coming year. 
Right. So primarily, if we try to adjust in for the INR30 crores impact, which we have witnessed 
in Q1 so largely, the profitability metrics or the EBITDA margins, it should be in double digits, 
right? So going forward for FY 25, what sort of margins, like you mentioned in your opening 
remarks that there will be improvement on the gross as well as on the EBITDA front. So can 
you just quantify on the number front, like what kind of... 
It was already quantified by MD sir. We are working to improve our margin to double digits in 
coming one or two years. It has already been quantified by the MD sir. 
‘Well take the next question from the line of Darshita from Antique Stock Broking. 
Thankyou for the opportunity. To continue the previous participants point on margin, if you 
could give any specific number that you are targeting internally? Be it the next 1 or 2 years, but 
any number that you guys are targeting in double digit would be at 14, 15-0dd percent or would 
it be higher than that? 
Interesting question, but you canniot make - talk about jumps actually immediately. So I would 
also love to jump if there is an opportunity. But yes, there will be a good growth. Difficult to say 
that 14%, 15% in two years is, its not casy. So we'll go step-by-step growth. So you'll see that 
quarter-on-quarter. Every quarter, you'll sce the growth actually that much only I can say. We'll 
sce the improved performance in this fiscal. 
So let us like at least cover half a year, then we should be able to comment on this full year and 
then we will stat thinking about the next year. But the way we are bringing the products, like 
today, if 
I talk about Maharatna, the total contribution is about 59%. My vision is in two years, 
we should cross 65%, and then we'll plan to cross 70% and then 75%. Sowill it take three years, 
four years or five years? Its possible actually. 
Noted, Okay. So my sceond question was regarding any volume growth guidance that you would 
like to give for FY 1257 Last year, as you said, 20-odd percent, so would that continue? Or would 
you'be able to exceed that number? 
Difficult to comment as of now. But definitely, if I'm planning nearly double-digit growth, I11 
have to again grow by almost 20% because there will be a decline in the prices of many products 
because the raw material prices arc almost at, 
I would say, at the bottom at the moment. And the 
market is showing little signs of improvement because some shortages are building in as the 
demand is going up, but stil the prices have not increased. 
So we arc envisaging that from last year, this year, again, the prices on an average will fall by 
about 10%, which means that to achicve 10%, we'll have to again grow by minimum 20% in 
Page 7 of 17

@ insecticides 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Darshita Shah: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
B2C segment and same will be in the B2B segment and, everywhere, cven in exports. So these 
challenges arc always there. Sowe have an internal target o grow in terms of volume, 20% plus. 
Al right. Secondly, on the market share, how much of the matket share we have in the B2C 
segment in the domestic market? And yes, could you comment on the market share? An 
approximate market share. 
Mostly, it's about 5% to 5.5%. Sometimes we also - in certain areas, 6%, 7% is also there. But 
broadly, 5% to 5.5% will be reasonable, if I say 5.5%. So that is our market share, but we are 
continuously working and increasing the market share by introduction of new molecules. So we 
are now following 2 way strategics: One is introduction of new molecules into Maharatna. 
Second is the tail cutting strategy Wherein we are moving out of certain products, which are old 
gencrics and which are not secing the growth in future, So we are also doing the tail cutting. So 
both of these strategics are in function. But definitely, I'm quite hopeful that slowly we'll keep 
on increasing our market share also. 
Right. And when we say that you want to add more products to Maharatna, if you could just give 
an understanding as to what is -- I mean, how do we decide as to this product will be under 
Maharatna and probably a non-Maharatna product, do we having any specific margin that we 
are targeting, which leads to the product coming under the Maharatna portfolio? 
Trwo points. Number one, the product should be the growing product and it should sce growth 
at least from next 3 to 5 years. And to start with, the contribution from the product should be in 
the range of 
at least INRS crores to INR10 crores. So these are the 2 aspects, which will qualify 
into Maharatna. And when it comes to focus Maharatna, at that time, the margin will take us 
30% to 35% and the sales also about INR35 crores minimum in first or second year. 
Okay. And how many of the products in Maharatna space would be under the 9(3) registration? 
Tthink most of them. 
Okay, most of them. And the 6 to 7 new product launches that we have planned for FY 25, how 
many of them would be 9(3)? 
Now mostly, means 80% of our - or 75% of our introductions are 9(3) introductions only. We 
bardly do 9(4) introduction these days. So we can say 75% are 9(3) and 25% are only 9(4) now. 
And these include both our own products as well as in-licensing products? O are these 6 to 7 
all of them in-licensing? 
Including everything. Because there are certain introductions, which are going to come through 
Nissan also. We are planning to launch at least 1..... at least 1product from Nissan every year. 
There may be crtain years when we have 2 also because we have a strong pipeline with Nissan. 
Sothe timing of the registrations are not known, so I'm not able to comment, but there will be at 
least 1 introduction from Nissan every year. 
The next question is from the linc of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. 
Page 8 of 17

@ insecticides 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Thanks for the opportunity sir. First of all, 
I would like to congratulate you, sir, on 20% kind of 
volume growth in the current year. I'm surprised to sce this kind of growth, while I think the 
industry growth may be they'e in the single-digits. So definitely, sir, congratulations on that. 
The question, which 
[ have, sir, roughly on a INR500 crores kind of gross revenue we had done 
from the new product launches, which most of them arc in Maharatna category. Sir, if you can 
give the gross margins, which you arc targeting or which we generally make on our Maharatna 
Products, if you could, that would be helpful 
Yes. The gross margins are about 30% to 35% on the Maharatna Products, actually. So some 
products might have 40% margin. Some might be on 30%. On an average, we'll say 35%. 
Sir, with the 35% kind of margins on Maharatna, I mean, that is stll like that this current year 
in FY 124, we had a gross profit of roughly 25.5%. Tt means, sir, that -- 
I mean, non-Maharatna 
Products, which s almost 75% of your revene, INR1,500 crores sales, the concern still remains 
on those numbers, Though we could have scen a solid volume growth, Maharatna salcs are 
increasing to INRS00 crores revenue. But sir, somehow 
the EBITDA margins or especially gross 
margin is still 25% for the full company, and you have mentioned 35% average for the 
Maharatna. So Imean the whole gap is between the INR1,500 crores sales, which you are getting 
from non-Maharatna Products. What is the strategy and how we can revise the margins in those 
product categorics, s, apart from cutting the sale? 
Iwould like to clarify, Maharatna is not INR500 crores. INRS00 crores is the contribution, which 
has come from just products, which are launched in the last 4 years. So Maharatma contribution 
is a little more. Actually, thisis a time of falling market. And the market has already touched the 
bottom, and it is starting going up. So I can say that market today is stabilized. That is the first 
thing 
[ have to say. And this market has fallen in a big way afier COVID. So 2 years, we have 
scen the market falling. When the market falls then you have to take the hits of the falling prices. 
So the majority hit we have taken in FY 123, but there was some hit, which was there also in FY 
24, particularly in the first quarter and in later stages also, because when the market is not stable, 
you are foreed to sell at a lower price. 
So those type of hits were there. So the entire realization, which should have come in the last 2 
years did not come, and that i the reason that we could not get the desired margins. Our margins, 
though we have crossed INR100 crores, but - am T happy? I'm not happy. So are you happy? 
You are also not happy to see our results because INR100 crores is not something, which is the 
desired profitability from Insecticides (India). And I'm quite hopeful that this year, the growth 
in profitability should be much better. And I don't want to speak, but to perform and let the first 
quarter go. Let's sce what are the numbers coming. 
Sir, we were already doing INR123 crores in FY '19. So 
I mean, the INR100 crores number at a 
bottom line, definitely, as you already accepted that its not exciting at all. So we want sales IIL 
to grow. And given that kind of growth you are showing in the top line, your - in FY '19, if you 
see you were doing roughly INR1,200 crotes revenue. This year, we are at roughly INR1,900 
crores, but at the bottom line, we have the same numbers. So 
I mean, do we understand that you 
are growing very rapidly on top line while you also mentioned that the sales cutting will 
continue, somehow is still missing at the bottom line. And that' what remains a big concern for 
Page 9 of 17

@ insecticides 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
us. Until and unless we go to the margin - EBITDA margin of 14%, 15%, probably the top line 
growth, which we are focusing on may not be so exciting. That's what my concern was. 
I appreciate your concern. We are also working on building the bottom line by premiumization 
of our product range. And we are trying to launch all products into these segments. So as a 
strategy, company is moving out of old generics, wherever we have the heavy portfolio of 
generics, we are trying to convert them into the mixtures so that we have the monopolistic 
products in the market, and they are backed by the patents. So IPR protection is also there for 
these. We are trying to introduce new products through our IV partners also, and we ar trying 
to make the new Als for all patented molccuiles, so this entire strategy is going to support us in 
abigway. 
But we cannot expect big jumps at a high speed, but we will continuously sce the improvement 
from I1L and that will start coming. And we must like -~ I'l not say that achicving 14%, 15% is 
not my vision. Itis definitely a vision. But it will take its own path and time actually. So until 
we start achieving it will be -- if today, I say next year, 15%, it won't be a practical target. So 
we'll achieve the good path. We are on that path, working positively on that path, and slowly we 
will grow. 
Sir, sccond question is especially on the manufacturing part of the business. Last year because 
of the China aggressive supply and the pricing, we could not probably reduce many products for 
which we had the registration. So B2B business have been impacted. Just wanted to understand 
how is the seenario right now? We are still building the capacitics in technical manufacturing 
and making more Al than intermediate and backward integration. Just wanted o understand how 
that business 
is growing in B2B? And how 
is the current scenario in terms of pricing 
environment from China? And what is the expectation for FY '25? 
We have also grown in the B2B segment actually this year because of our strategy of introducing 
new molceules because the dependence of the company on us is going up. So We - yes, if you 
sce the absolute number, the growth in B2B segment in this fiscal is just 5%. But if we see that 
the quality of products, we arc trying fo introduce more new products in the B2B scgment and 
we are getting a good response. In last year, in the process of tail-cutting, we have cut the - tail- 
cut about more than 6 or 7 Als, which - of gencric products, which we were regularly 
manufacturing because I identified that they are building up the inventory and they are also 
increasing the risk of these market situations because when the prices fell, 
I made aloss in many 
of these products. So we have moved out of such old generic molccules. 
And we are tiying to build up our portfolio with the newer versions, newer products, 
monopolistic products relatively, so that we can build up more profitability. So the vision is 
already into that dircotion. We are working very strongly. So we keep on building up our 
manufacturing base because every year, I have to introduce new molecules, and on those 
moleeules 
I have to introduce new brands. So this is the vision that every year, at least 3 to 4 
new Als we should introduce. And by introducing these Als, we should make more brands out 
of these. 
Page 10 of 17

@ insecticides 
Rohan Gupta: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Rohan Gupta 
Moderator: 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
So this will be the focus. And then we'll move out of the gencric technical manufacturing from 
all the products, which are not growing or where there i a huge price competition because since 
more and more companics arc coming into technical manufacturing there is competition also. 
Sowell continuously keep on introducing newer generation molecules with better value addition 
and trying to bring the newer formulations, which are where we are going to back the IPR also. 
So we try to play on that advantage and this is going to be o strategy for the future. So our 
R&D and our IPR team, both are supporting a lot in this dircction and this division. Thankyou 
Sir, third, if T'm allowed, otherwise, I can come back in queue. On the biological front, the growth 
still seems to be slightly. . 
One straight line answer I'l give. On biological front, also, we are working very strongly, both 
for domestic as well as international markets. So at the moment, we are busy with doing the 
trials, taking the registrations, generating the data and also filing the IPR. So this year, I'm not - 
- like we may ot 
be able to double our biologicals, but there will be a decent growth this year. 
But from - like biological will also become a decent segment for us in times to come. And then, 
yes, when you come back, I'll reply further. 
Thanks Rajesh ji, Thank you for answering for all the questions. All the best. 
The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors, LLP. 
Good Afternoon, On Dahej, I couldn't hear you properly. Did you say that it might take us... 
Yes, I've understood your question regarding Dahej manufacturing. In Dahej, my plant is fully 
ready up and to start the function. Some approvals are yet to come. So I've not yet got the 
permission to start the new plant, so that is awaited. From the central department, it is cleared. 
The state permissions are about to come. So as we get those pemnissions, immediately, we'll 
come into mamufacturing. 
So did you say 2, 3 quarters in your opening remarks or 2, 3 months? I coulda't hear you very 
well. 
2 to 3 months. 
Okay. Okay. And the second question is, on this OAT Agrio that - where you're doing a trial in 
India on one novel product, what is the routc to market? I mean, how long do you think that this 
product will take? And what is the revenue potential over a period of time? I mean, obviously, 
it's a long-term thing, but I just wanted to understand how you think about it. 
Okay. So you have asked multiple questions about this. OAT is our partner into the JV. The JV 
name is OIL. Yes, we have identified the first product. We scaled up the first products and we 
are into the final stages of data gencration. We should complete this data generation in 
2025 
because a lot of data was gencrated in Japan, and Japan has delayed it a little. So they should be 
Page 11 of 17

@ insecticides 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
able to give me the final data by middle of 2025. And we are targeting to submit the file 
immediately when we receive the data from Japan. Because 80% of the data are coming from 
there and it's only 20%, 25% what we have gencrated here in India. 
So once the file is submitted, we are quite hopeful that we should be able to push the ministry 
for the fast clearance because that will be the first discovery from India. Good news is, there are 
further more products which are visible that in future, we should be able to bring more products 
from this JV because very positive results have come out of further few products from here. And 
now this will be faster process because Japan has understood, we have understood, how to do it, 
how to get with the data. Because initial negotiations have taken a lot of time because we wanted 
at least 50% data to be gencrated in India, and they wanted 100% of data to be gencrated in 
Japan. 
But now as the things will get settled and we will sce the data quality of India, so they will get 
more confidence and we'll be able to do it faster for the newer products. So this product should 
hit the market in 2026. That is my vision. I it gets delayed, then carly '27. The potential wil be 
decent actually with this because initially, we will be launching in India and then we'll take it to 
the world market because Otsuka has -- our OAT is also registering into different markets of the 
world. 
So it will take it to Japan and it will take it to the other parts of the developed world also. And 
to our territories, we are also going to take it. So I don't want to sound very aggressive because 
that will change carlier numbers, what you have in your books for us. So - but I can say it can 
have a potential of starting from INRSO crotes, it can touch INR100 crores, INR150 crotes, 
INR200 crores. So slowly, it will progress. And if the products make up big it in the market, it 
can be any number. 
Sir, the second question is, everybody has beaten around the bush on this margin one, but if I 
just think about it and look at your past data going back 10 years, on the average, 10% EBITDA 
margin you've been able to do in most years. Some years, of course, you've done a lot better. So 
at least a double-digit number for March 25 fiscal, we should be able to pencil in? Or is that 
being too aggressive? 
It's not ageressive. 
I was of the similar vision, but the business gets impacted duc to various 
reasons, actually, which are known and unknown. So I'm not declaring that we will be doing 
100% double-digit margin, but we should be near to double-digit EBITDA margin. That is my 
vision also for 25. 
Thank you sir, All the best. 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha. 
Thankyou sir for the opportunity. Sir, can you just help me understand our in-licensing 
agreement with Nissan and other MNC, Just wanted to know, 
I mean, is it on the profit-sharing 
Page 12 of 17

@ insecticides 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
model? Or do we pay anything on the patent or royalty on that front? If you can help me explain 
that? 
‘With Nissan, we have a very simple understanding. Nissan offers us the product at a price and 
we sell to the market at a price. So gencrally, they allow us 30% to 35% premium. In certain 
cases, that premium goes as high as 40%. And sometimes, in certain cases, when the generics 
come up and there s attack of gencrics in the market, then the premium falls to below 20% level 
also sometimes. So you can say broadly, we operate on Nissan's product from 20% to 40% 
‘margin, gross margin. There are certain products where we have formed our own mixtures, along 
with Nissan's product. So there, the chances of making 5% additional margins are there. It kecps 
on varying, product to product. On an average, you can say there is a 25% gross margin in Nissan 
range of products. 
Okay. I mean, s that - I mean, the key reason that is capping our margins because beyond the 
point, 
[ believe MNCs won't allow you to sort of carn super normal profits whereas when its our 
own manufacturing, our own products, margins could be very exorbitant if the product goes 
well. 
Yes and no. Because, yes, definitely, nobody will want a huge margin coming to a partner. So 
they would always club the margin around 30% plus minus, 30%, 35%. If you have your own 
product, own discovery, it can be any type of margin, definitcly. In case of the JV where we 
have put our own products, we are going to bring, then the margin portfolio or margin ratio will 
be entircly different. That is true. 
But the risk s also different. Like in, we started this IV in 2013. In 2025, first product is going 
to come or 26, it is going to come. Though, by 2030, the visibility will ~ is that 
I may have 3 or 
4 products out of the JV. So ~ but again, 15 years of investment and after that, the product will 
be coming, so margin will be different because the risk has been entirely different, the risk 
appetite. The expenditure we have done on that is different. 
Right. And are these exclusive products o are there any other players also selling under different 
brand name or different combinations? 
Like when I talk about the combinations, combinations arc the exclusive products. Why? 
Because we get the IPR for these products. So when it s the IPR, 20 years exclusivity is there. 
In case of the new product discovery, they are the new chemical ertities, which are discovered 
by us. They are the new mode of actions, which have come in. So they are a big thing because 
if you talk about the -- from -~ with the multinational, they will say INR300 crores, INR400 
crores in discovery of one molceule there, that type of big products, which we are bringing from 
the V. 
So my all R&D centers are different and they have different themes actually to work. So these - 
- when we talk about the new discovery products from IV, they are new discovery, new chemical 
entities, 
I would say -~ new discoverics, which has not happened in the past in India. 
No, no. I'm talking about the products that we have from Nissan. Are we the sole distributor for 
those products in India or there are other players also selling those products? 
Page 13 of 17

@ insecticides 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Moderator: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Sometimes, we began as sole distributors and sometimes we began as co distributors(43:58), 
and wealso pass on these products to other players to sell sometimes. So there are different type 
of amangements with different products. Now there is hardly any sole product with us. The 
products are shared by 2, 3 companies. And in certain cases like where we make the mixture, 
we supply that mixture to 2, 3,4 partners sometimes or 5 partners also. 
Got it. And sir, just if you can share what s the total fixed cost and the advertisement cost out 
of the entire indirect expenditure market, that would be really helpful. 
Ijust wanted to know the 
place where we can get some operating leverage? 
Like for our company, its difficult to give the exact number. 
Imean, if the CFO can help on the total fixed cost... 
Roughly about INR2S crores to INR30 crores is the expense we - every year, we would be 
spending on our advertisement and promotions. If Iinclude them, now it has exceeded. It would 
be touching more than, I think, if I include the - advertisement cost, INR25 crores to INR30 
crores actually is the number, which we are spending almost every year. 
Okay. And total fixed cost? 
I have to give it to CFO for details, actually, because these are very typical details, actually, 
which1 generally don't remember by heart. So that you will have to — if you can refer the balance 
sheet will be better. Actually, it's already there in the system. 
No. I mean because ~ we don't have the split of other expenses, so it becomes difficult. If it's 
possible, then it will be really great. And just one last thing, how much will be total revenue 
from 24 patents that we have? 
Again, a difficult question actually. Because we don't caleulate that way. So - that would be 
difficult, but we'll let you know. You can send your questions in writing, we'll reply all the 
questions. 
T will get back in que. Thank you so nuch. 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Yes. Sir, I wanted to understand, when we arc saying that Q4 was muted because our exports, 
our distributors were not buying us or were not very confident in the market. Sir, what gives us 
the confidence that we will have a 20% volume growth for the next year? And sir, why are we - 
- when we are telling that the raw materials and the pricing has bottomed out saying that there 
‘might be another 10% price decline in FY '25. So 
T wanted to get some clarity on these. 
Our is a cyclic industry. For a cyclic industry, there is a fixed requirement and a fixed time 
plus/minus. So there can be a variation of 1 or 2 months. The month of March or February, 
there’s hardly any scason because these arc acute winter months. There was a drought like 
situation in South where the scason is there. Rain came in the month of January, I think, or 
December end, which devastated the crops, which were there, particularly chilly and some other 
Page 14 of 17

@ insecticides 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Madhur Rathi: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
crops were devastated and the price of chilly fell like anything. So the entire crops in that area 
damaged and then there was no water in the canals in South. So South finished. Other areas were 
suffering for rains. So there was no immediate demand in major markets of India and it was only 
the time of advance placement. 
And when you know, today, if you are buying at INR10 and tomorrow, if you have a doubt that 
the price might come at INR9.5, you'l not prefer to keep the stocks. And I didn't want to give 
market any commitments, so I did not press the team to place the material in the month of March, 
which the gencral sales happen. And it was not only B2C, but even B2B suffered badly because 
the industry also did not have the confidence in the ~ because they were sceing that both 
international and domestic demand was poor. So the sales were poor. But since -- now it near to 
the market. Near to the market means the crop sowing has already started. The demand has 
alrcady started coming and the people have started sccing the shortages in the market, wild 
shortages. 
Because it is not only the shortage in the domestic market, but the international market also is 
not able to supply or take the orders and supply immediately. So now people are fecling the 
pinch that they have to prepare for the season, so they have started preparing. And the price since 
the demand has come in, there is shortage. So due to demand and supply reasons, the prices have 
started coming - going up. So -~ not at a big speed, but still now the trend is the prices are 
increasing. The trend is there is demand in the market, which is giving me the confidence that 
the quantity is going to increase - now the sales is going to increase. Because it's the mood of 
the market, number one. 
Number two, with our new product launches, which has happened in the last year, we arc going 
to grow now. And with the new launches, which are going to come now, they are also going to 
make their own sales. So both of these put together because of our aggression in the matket or 
because of our reach to the farmer and retailer and distributor because of our programs, training 
programs, because of our leverage into the market, because of the grip that we have for the 
Tractor brand in the matket, all these reasons are going to support the growth for us. 
So I will say that we arc one of the aggressive players in the market, which gets the market 
demand. So I'm quite confident that we'll grow in this fiscal, and that visibility is going to come 
from the performance of quarter 1 and quarter 2 itsclf. And quarter 1 performance is not far. In 
2 months, you are going to know and in 1 month 
I am going to know. 
Yes. Sir, just a clarification. Sir, when you are saying that the pricing is going to go up, volumes 
are going to go up, then we should -~ can we expect then higher double-digit of growth? 
First, your voice is not clear and don't repeat everything. Just ask your question. Don't repeat. 
Yes, so can we expect the high digit kind of growthin our revenues going forward? 
Already given the number. 1l not repeat them. I've already given cverything. Before you, 
everybody has asked and I've very clearly given that we are anticipating up to 10% of growth at 
least in B2C scgment, and we arc anticipating 20% of volume growth. I've already mentioned, 
sir. 
Page 15 of 17

@ insecticides 
Madhur Rathi: 
Moderator: 
Kunal Tokas: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Kunal Tokas: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Kunal Tokas: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Kunal Tokas: 
Moderator: 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
Okay Sir, T get it. Sir, just a final question. Sir, our product, what would be a product life cycle 
for our... 
Sir, Twould request you to kindly rejoin. The next question is from the line of Kunal Tokas from 
Fair Value Capital. 
Yes, just 2 quick questions. First relates to China. Do you think that China can ruin our plans for 
the good monsoon season that we expect and also displace our plans for exports in the current 
year? 
China's planning was not that great because China is also not making any margins after because 
it's very casy to spoil the market and to sll at a lower price. But when you are sclling it at a 
lower price, your margin also sees the decline. So many factorics had stopped manufacturing 
various products in China also, and that has impacted due to the increase in price and shortages 
now in the current scason when there is demand. So I think there will be some improvement. 
Yes, there will be some improvement in the intemational markets also. But for Insecticides 
(India), again, international market is not big at the moment because export just contributes 5% 
to my total sales. And next year, 
I don't see more than 2% or 3% growth. 
So it can go to 7%, 7.5%, 8%, actually, that is the maximum what I see from the next year. So 
I 
would say that we arc a domestic company with major sales coming out of brands. So our 65%, 
70% business is from brands and the other businesses arc others only actually. Particularly export 
for me is others. So lets not focus around that. 
Okay. Sir, just a final quick question. How do you see the raw material trend right now? 
Raw materials arc in shortage. The prices have alrcady stabilized, touched the bottom I already 
said. And there is slight increase now from the bottom. 
Can we expect it to be stable? 
Difficult to say. They might go up from here. So stable means, they've already bottomed outand 
market is stabilized. So certain products, yes, there can be increase of 5%, 10%, 15%, I don't 
Inow. I cannot predict 100%, but I don't sce a fall coming again from here. 
Okay, Thank you very much and have a good day. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Aniket 
Kulkarni from BMSPL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Good Evening and Thankyou for the Opportunity. So you have about INR135 crores in CWIP 
on the balance sheet. So how much of this capex is for backward integration? And taking out 
the capex - taking out the backward integration capex, what will be the fixed asset turnover for 
the remaining of the capex. And so how much of revenue can we sce from the remaining capex. 
and what will be the margin profile for this capex, if you can please tell us? 
The major outstanding or the major - you see the capital work in progress is for L&T plant, 
which is in Dahej. So the fotal will be somewhere around 110, 100 -- about 100, 110 would be 
Page 16 of 17

@ insecticides 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Moderator: 
Insecticides India Limited 
May 29, 2024 
from L&T plant. 50% will be for the backward integration, 50% will be from the - for the new 
products. Generally, we say that 3x is the type of tumover, which you make in the technical 
plant by making these additions. So we can anticipate. 
So there will be a delay of 2, 3 months because already 2 months have gone in this fiscal. We 
should hae started the plant by March, and 
I was ready with cverything, but somehow delays 
from the government. So 
Iexpeet that there are delays. These delays can go 2 to 3 months ahead. 
So somewhere in the middle of next quarter, we'll be able to start the plant. 
And then hardly, this year, 50% contribution will be coming. So we can say, a growth of roughly 
about just INR100 crores will be coming from this. But yes, we have some stocks or some plans 
for making -- doing the backward integration. That will also support us. And let's see how the 
improvement is going 
to come, But if I talk about the next fiscal, so when I get the full year of 
operation, then definitely INR300 crores to INR400 crores -- INR300 crores type of turnover 
should 
be visible from this expansion very casily. Thatis my anticipation. Apart from this, about 
INR20 crores, INR25 crorcs, it will be showing for Sotanala, which is a new unit. So we are 
planning to start the expansion - the construction in the Sotanala unit now. 
And the planning to come into production will be somewhere in the month of April next year 
for formulations and technical somewhere in between quarter 2 or quarter 3, maybe 18 months 
project for Sotanala. So Sotanala will be different, where we will be doing the formulation as 
well as technicals and that investment is going to go into this fiscal and next fiscal. 
And if you just can tell me the margin profile for the technicals, which will be coming from the 
new plant for the fungicide of total revenue? 
It will be what we are making now. But yes, since we'll be introducing some newer products 
also. So I think there will be some improvements. Sowe can comment on that in writing actually. 
Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, I would now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you very much. Thanks for taking out the time and very actively participating in this call 
of Insccticides (India). And I think I'm able to give the answers to most of your questions. 
‘Whatever is the remaining query, you can kindly send us the mail through our - through Bhavya. 
Oricnt Capital is our new IR with which we have held this first conference. So we'll ry to reply 
o all your querics and to satisfy you. Thank you very much. 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladics and gentlemen, on behalf 
of Insecticides (India) 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 17 of 17
