MSTC/CS/ SE/541 
(! +i (! '<1 ll fll fi?t fl-I e ;s 
( 1ffio ~ 
cfiT ~) 
MSTC LIMITED 
(A Govt of India Enterprise) 
CIN : L27320WB1964GOI026211 
e-assuring 
iNDIA 
3rd June, 2024 
1. The Dy. Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 . 
(Scrip Code: 542597) 
2. The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
(Scrip Code: MSTCL TD) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/ Analyst on Tuesday, 28th May, 
2024 at 12:00 Noon 1ST. A copy of transcript of conference call held with the Investors/ Analysts 
is enclosed herewith for your information and records. 
Copy of aforesaid transcript is also hosted on company's website www .mstcindia.co. in. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For MSTC Limited 
(Ajay Kumar Rai) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
www.mstcindia.co.in / www.mstcecommerce.com 
~ 
<hl<lfcl<l : ~ 
~- ~ 
18/2 lfr1f ~- 175 ~ 
~ 
1 ~ ..Jieldi-i ct,)clctHdl 700156 'Q_'ij_ 
Regd. Office : Plot No. CF18/2, Street No. 175, Action Area lC,New Town, Kolkata-700156 W.B. 
AJAY 
KUMAR 
RAI
Digitally signed 
by AJAY KUMAR 
RAI 
Date: 2024.06.03 
16:00:48 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“MSTC Limited 
4QFY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal - Chairman and Managing Director, MSTC Limited 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar - Director Commercial, MSTC Limited 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar - Director Finance, MSTC Limited 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai - Company Secretary, MSTC Limited 
 
MODERATOR:  
Mr. Deep Modi – Equirus Securities 

 
Page | 2  
Equirus Securities : Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4FY24 Earnings Conference 
call of MSTC limited, hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Deep Modi from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you.  
 
Mr. Deep Modi : Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Equirus Securities, I welcome you 
all to Q4 FY 24 Earnings Conference call of MSTC limited. From the management we 
have with us today, Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal, Chairman and Managing Director, 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar, Director Commercial, Mr. Subrata Sarkar, Director Finance, and 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Rai, Company Secretary. We will begin the call with the opening 
remarks from the management and then we can open the line for questions and 
answers, I now hand over the call to Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal. Over to you, sir. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Good Morning, everybody. It's a pleasure being connected with you here today. FY 
24 has been a steady year for MSTC. Business volumes have remained largely similar 
to the previous year in the major sectors like coal. There has been an increase in iron 
ore, a marginal decrease in scrap, E sales have had its cyclical dip due to the absence 
of spectrum auctions during FY 24, which had pushed up the volumes in FY 23.  
Revenue was also flat lined, with revenue from scrap being adversely affected due 
to fall in both volumes coming up for disposal, as well as average market prices 
having gone down over the year, and therefore auction revenues were also down in 
this segment by about 10%. Coal block auctions were about half the number as of 
FY 23. And also, as I mentioned, the fact that there was no spectrum auction in the 
year caused a dip.  
On the positive side, Iron ore auctions,  ELV auction volumes, property auctions. All 
of these showed significant gains. Revenues were maintained generally around the 
FY 23 levels, there have been increase also in employee benefit costs, which were 
higher on account of industry wide wage revisions. So, looking at consolidated 
financials, it's been a reasonably good year for the group with FSNL's performance 
being, standing out the group revenue levels as well as PBT showing an increase of 
about 4% year on year for consolidated basis. A similar trend has been there in the, 
year on year for Q4 results for the entire group, though, the revenue was largely flat.  
We intend to use FY 25 as the year for consolidation of our traditionally strong areas, 
and to reach out into sectors where we haven't yet ventured into, mainly with respect 
to more comprehensive bundled offerings. We have also embarked on a very 
ambitious plan for building and enhancing capacity in terms of domain expertise, 
both in terms of manpower and in technology. We are quite confident that this 
approach shall show tangible results, tangible benefits, in Q3, Q4 of FY 25. I'd like to 
hand over to Mrs. Bhanu Kumar, Director Commercial for her remarks. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Yes, Good afternoon, everybody. The key highlights of the performance for the year 
2023-24, more or less, our CMD has already touched upon, the operational 

 
Page | 3  
performance volume wise, if we see we have done about Rs. 1, 41,586 crores of 
business, that is the value of goods that has been transacted through our portals 
and our financials if you see, then we have done about Rs. 961.37 crores as revenue, 
vis a vis the revenue of Rs. 879.17 crores in 2022-23. This is on a consolidated basis, 
and the PBT has been Rs. 340.18 crores in 2023-24 vis a vis Rs. 329.18, in 2022-23, 
that is about 3.34% high. For Coal mines we have done about 20 coal mines blocks 
which have been successfully allotted through the auction for commercial mining. 
For major mineral blocks also, it has been quite a successful year as far as this sector 
is concerned. And very recently we have signed the agreement for major mineral 
block auctions in the state of Bihar and Uttarakhand. We are expecting that these 
will culminate to business in this financial year. 
The Ministry of Mines had, ambitiously hosted the auctions for critical mineral blocks. 
So out of the 18 blocks that were put up in the first tranche, six blocks were 
successfully sold off. We expect that, in this year, we will be able to sell the remaining 
blocks. The highlight of the performance has been the NPAs of the various banks 
that are being sold to our portal. More than 10,000 nos. properties have been sold, 
which is quite a record by itself. In properties, we have witnessed another big tranche 
of events for the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority. Almost Rs. 7500 
crores worth of, the properties have been sold in our auctions. In Udaan also, we had 
successfully conducted three rounds of auctions for the regional connectivity 
scheme. Plantation lease is something that we have been embarking upon for quite 
a few years, and, new addition to that is the Odisha State Cashew Development 
Corporation have successfully allotted about 4000 acres of cashew plantation on 
lease. Regarding financials, I will request my colleague, Director Finance to speak 
about, Thank you. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar : Good afternoon, everybody. As our CMD and Director Commercial explained, it was 
a flatter trajectory. But before I explain the financials, I would like to say that this year 
we have gone for a new tax regime with 25.168% of effective tax rate instead of 
34.944%. Due to this, we have to restate the deferred tax asset and accordingly, the 
effect of this on PAT is Rs. 37.06 crore. So effectively, if we nullify this effect, our PAT 
is around Rs. 208 crore, as compared to Rs. 239.23 of last year. So far as revenue is 
concerned, total revenue has grown from Rs. 498.01 crores to Rs. 519.28 crores. In 
this marketing part is Rs. 123.89 crores and e-commerce is Rs. 364.09 crores and 
others is little bit lesser i.e. Rs. 31.30 crores from Rs. 33.58 crores. And with that PBT 
is down by 9% from Rs. 313.48 crores to Rs. 284.44 crores. PAT is Rs. 171 .91 cores. 
But as I already explained, because of that Rs. 37 crores adjustment, this has 
happened. Otherwise, it would have been Rs. 208 crores as compared to Rs. 239.23 
crores of last year. EPS is Rs. 24.42 as compared to Rs. 33.98.  
In the consolidated part, our revenue has gone up from Rs. 879.17 crores to Rs. 
961.37 crores. And, this is mostly, powered by the growth, of course, from, our 100% 
subsidiary FSNL, where, you can see the scrap recovery and allied job has grown up 
from Rs. 414.16 crores to Rs. 467.73 crores. JV has suffered a little bit of loss because 
of low intake and availability of the vehicles for scrappage. And, with that, the 
consolidated profit, has gone up from Rs. 329.18 crores to Rs. 340.18 crores. And, 
the PAT of course if you add that Rs. 37 crores odd, it is almost on the flatter side. 

 
Page | 4  
But now the figure is Rs. 204.37 crores as compared to Rs. 241.96 crores of last year. 
EPS is Rs. 29.03 as compared to Rs. 34.37 of last year.  
And so far, the P&L is concerned our revenue from operations in a standalone basis 
it is down from Rs. 324.72 crores to Rs. 316.25 crores. Other incomes are up from Rs. 
173 crores to Rs. 203 crores. And in the expenses part also, a major increase is in the 
employee benefit as our CMD has explained earlier. This is because of industry wide 
wage revision, but we expect that afterwards there will not be that much of 
fluctuation. It will be a normal Increase due to certain increase in the inflationary part. 
And the provisions and write offs, basically it has a both way effect on the other 
income also and write up also. It has got no effect bearing on the P&L, and this year 
no provisions has been created. Again, I repeat, no provision has been created from, 
bad and doubtful debts and advances. Other expenses have shown little bit of 
increase from Rs. 32.03 crores to Rs. 36.41 crores. And with that, total expenses 
comes to Rs. 234.85 crores to Rs. 184.52 crores. And profit before tax is down from 
Rs. 313.49 crores to Rs. 284.44 crores and with that tax expenses gone up by around, 
50%. So it is because of that Rs. 37 crore effect on deferred tax, PAT Rs. 239.24 crores 
to Rs. 171.91 crores. 
In the consolidated part, we are of course on a flatter trajectory, so far revenue from 
operation is concerned i.e. from Rs. 750.82 crores as compared to Rs. 720.97 crores 
increase because of the increase mainly in the revenue from operations in our 100% 
subsidiary FSNL. Other income has shown a little bit of increase. And, with that, 
expenses, our PBT has gone up from Rs. 329.18 crores to Rs. 340.18 crores. A little 
bit of increase because of that FSNL affect. And PAT, of course, is down from Rs. 
241.96 crores to Rs. 204.37 crores, again due to that Rs. 37 crore effect on deferred 
tax.  
And in the way forward, MSTC will enhance the user experience by automating the 
processes offering value added services. New business models will also be developed 
to cater to the market requirements, with focus on private sector using latest 
technology. So now I would like to hand over the call to Equirus team for further 
queries and answers. 
 
Equirus Securities : Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on the touch Tone telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We'll 
take a first question from the line of Rushabh Arsha from Anubhuti Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Rushabh Arsha: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, with respect to the recent, I 
think, amendment in the object clause where you even inserted objectives like data 
center and, I think, fintech and recycling business. So what exactly are we planning 
in those segments, can you throw some light on that? 
 
 
 

 
Page | 5  
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: I'll take that question. Regarding the focus on recycling and data center business, 
what we intend to say is, we want to, you know, utilize the state of the art data center 
technology that we have. And we do have some surplus capacity, which can definitely 
be monetized. And given the experience that we have gained in the past, about 2 to 
3 decades, we would like to offer infrastructure as a service. So towards this end, we 
are already as in his opening remarks, our CMD has said that we will be having state 
of the art technology, technology upgradation and probably expand our, focus on, 
the, you know, the infrastructure that we have, hardware and software both. So, you 
know, we would like to, monetize the surplus capacities and efficiencies that we have 
in the system. That is as far as data center is concerned. 
Then, regarding recycling business as, see, we have two, revenue streams in from the 
recycling of ELVs. One is by way of, our, you know, partnership in the JV with 
Mahindra where the recycling activity actually happens. But then we have also 
launched a portal for sale of all ELVs in the country that hasn't seen much traction, 
though the trend is quite good, and we expect that this will grow many fold in the 
coming years. So here, once the system is accustomed to recycling the ELVs, we 
would see more traction happening in this area. Apart from ELVs, we would also like 
to focus on other materials that can be recycled. We are still in very nascent stage 
working on all those proposals. So maybe in the coming, meetings/interactions, we 
will be able to update you in a more specific manner. 
 
Mr. Rushabh Arsha: Okay, So just wanted to add on to this thing. So I think for financial year 24, if I see 
the Cash flow statement, you have done, CapEx of roughly Rs. 132 crores. So, is this 
regarding the whole, this data center, capacity expansion, you needed this extra 
slippage. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: So regarding Cash flows, capital expenditure is a big, outflow, of course. It is partially, 
yes. We are trying to have some offices, somewhere else, other than our main data 
center. So, we can utilize that space for future expansion in this particular business. 
Of course, the space will be utilized for the business augmentation and marketing 
purposes also. So not directly as such, in the true sense, in the hardware and software 
particularly that amount has been spent, rather it is being spent on other 
infrastructure. And, we will be gradually spending in the coming years to augment 
that. Meanwhile, we have spent on strengthening our Calcutta data center also, with 
some latest equipments which were required and software. So, it is a mixed bag, sir. 
 
Mr. Rushabh Arsha: Okay, So, just a final question on this part. So, from when can we actually expect 
some sort of revenue inflow from data center business. Can we see some part of this 
in FY 25 itself? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: May I take that one! You see, it would not be very fair to put an exact time or 
exact prediction as to because it is a revenue stream, which is, in any case, already 
there to a certain extent. There would be naturally, the more capacity gets built up, 
the more, physical infrastructure keeps getting supplemented, So revenue streams 
then starts increasing on those areas. But this is as, we pointed out, that this is, a 
sector where we have seen a lot of promise and possibility, and which is why we, 
have intended to go into this in a bigger way than we are doing at this point. 
 

 
Page | 6  
Mr. Rushabh Arsha: Obviously, I think being an only PSU which has expertise in this space, I think you 
can very easily capitalize on this. And Sir just one last final question from my side, I 
think we heard from Railway Ministry that they will be scraping out a large number 
of trains, basically, which will be replaced by Vande Bharat series. So are we by any 
chance, working on, railways on scrapping of those old trains? And, if it is, then how 
much revenue potential can we see from that space going ahead? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: That is something that the railways would be able to better answer because, 
you see, the railways have their own, disposal systems in place. So that is not really 
a question that we would, you know, that you should ask us. 
 
Mr.Rushabh Arsha:  But by any chance, are we working with them on any space? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: We would be open to looking at all kinds of possibilities of collaborating. As 
of the moment, no, we are not in that space. 
 
Rushabh Arsha:  
Okay, Sir. Thank you. 
 
Equirus Securities:  Thank you, before we take the next question, we'd like to remind participants to 
press star and one to ask a question. The next question is from the line of Anant 
from Mount Infra Finance. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Anant: 
We charge revenue on percentage of value basis for scrap and iron ore. Are there 
any other commodities where we charge revenue on value basis and not event basis? 
Because, for example, for mineral blocks or coal blocks you are charging revenue on 
event basis. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  So if you see our e-sale revenues a part of it is on percentage basis and a part of it 
will be on event basis. Basically, what happens is, other minerals apart from iron ore 
and coal, we are giving it under the head of e-sale and all the forest produce like 
timber, teak wood, red sandals, all of it is on percentage basis. Now, as we had 
clarified earlier also the percentage depends on the scope of services and the volume 
of business. So, we for each client and each kind of product, we do have a different 
model, different revenue stream. 
 
Mr. Anant:  
Okay, My next question is, you said you saw some traction in the ELV business. Could 
you quantify that? The number of government vehicles coming through your portal, 
or the average price and the percentage charge on each vehicle? 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: You see, scrapping of vehicles is not totally in our hands. The government has made 
a formal policy, and they are, you know, pushing it to the extent possible. But it 
doesn't happen overnight. When you scrap a vehicle, you need to have the budget 
to acquire a new vehicle. So, apart from that, for scrapping, you also need to have 
good infrastructure, good ATS facilities all across the state. And, you know, a lot 
many factors are involved in scrapping a vehicle. So as and when this entire 
ecosystem gets developed, we will be having more traction in the ELV recycling 
business. Now it is only having a very steady flow. Though exact number that we can 
say, there are so many vehicles which will be coming in this year or so, and so there 
must be, you know, millions, at least 2 million vehicles, as on date, which are ELVs all 

 
Page | 7  
across the country. But definitely all of it is not going to be or cannot be scrapped 
overnight. So, it's going to take a few years at least. 
  
Mr. Anant:  
No, ma'am, that wasn't my question. My question is the government vehicles which 
have been, portrayed as scrap. How many of those vehicles have come across to you 
up to date? You would have a number because over 15 years, as the government 
has made a rule, all vehicles are supposed to be scrapped to your portal. So, I'm just 
trying to understand the number of vehicles till date that has come to your portal. 
As of last year, I remember it was around 2000 odd. So, I just want to understand 
that number and the average price and the percentage you are charging. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: As far as the numbers are concerned, I do not have it readily. As far as the percentage 
is concerned, it is on a percentage basis. But there again, you know, there are 
different ways in which we are scrapping something that is coming as a ELV that is, 
going into our ELV portal and that is how we are, auctioning it. But there are some 
parts and there are some obsolete material of scrap. 
 
Mr. Anant:  
Ma’am any average percentage would be, any average percentage, just a rough 
number. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: It was very difficult for us to spell out the average percentage. As far as the numbers 
that you were talking about, total number of vehicles sold is about 37,000. 
Government vehicles mostly. Out of this, the central government vehicles is about 
21,000 and state government vehicles is about 15,000. There are some transport 
corporations which are dismantling the vehicle and selling only certain parts of the 
vehicle. So that is not added to this. 
 
Mr. Anant:  
Okay and could you give me just a figure of how much of these Vehicls have come 
through to the JV with Mahindra, say out of 37,000, just a rough number. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  It is of about 250-300 crores or so, averaging it out would not be fair because, there 
will be a lot many two wheelers, a lot many will be busses or cars or something. So 
you can't simply be averaging out the number, Right? 
 
Mr. Anant:  
I'm just asking you the number of vehicles that have come through to MMRPL, 
because I understand that they have to bid as well, because it's a RVSF. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  MMRPL is also getting vehicles through auction system through our portal. They are 
not getting any vehicle directly apart from the tie ups that they have with automakers 
or the test vehicles or 1 to 1 tie up with some institutions. Apart from that, they are 
procuring mostly from our portal, from the retail segment also, i.e. the Mahindra 
vehicles, the channels that they have. So apart from that, major procurement is 
happening through our ELV portal only. They are competing with other RVSF and 
they are getting the vehicles. 
 
Mr. Anant:  
Okay, ma'am, Thank you so much.  
 
Equirus Securities: Thankyou, We have a next question from the line of Bhavesh Kanani from ASK, please 
go ahead. 

 
Page | 8  
Mr. Bhavesh Kanani: Ma'am, In the last quarter's earnings call, you had promised us that you will share 
details regarding the size of opportunity in various segments we are operating in. 
And you had mentioned that in the next call, that is this one, you will help us 
understand various business opportunities available to you in better detail. Can you 
please share that? 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Of business opportunities as we have spelt out in our MOA. That has been, recently 
we talked about, first thing is we would like to offer infrastructure as a service, 
monetize the assets that we already have. Second thing is we would like to augment 
on the property sector that we have recently entered just a couple of years back, we 
had entered the sector and we see good promise in this area. Then of course, 
minerals, we have been the biggest player for quite many years. So all the mined 
minerals, we would definitely not just in the government sector but also in the private 
sector. We would like to sell through our portal and we would also like to give value 
added services, not just auctioning it off. Maybe, something like logistic 
arrangements, insurance, actual door delivery, sampling, all those things are there in 
our mind and these are areas in which we will work upon. Apart from that, our 
traditional scrap business, we do have lot of scrap coming through from the public 
sector and the government sector, but the private sector is still an untapped area. 
And the concern in that area is mainly the systems and processes that we have for 
the government sector probably doesn't suit them. They want quicker the timelines 
and the milestones will have to be a lot quicker than what we have. So maybe we 
are thinking of having new business models for them. So, these are areas that we are 
working upon right now and any other opportunities that comes our way, definitely. 
And apart from that, the government projects that are there, where we may 
customize softwares for them. That is, again, a very focus area for us because that is 
how we are going to learn and adopt new technologies. 
 
Mr. Bhavesh Kanani: Ma’am related question is if you can share what kind of revenue mix we may be 
looking at, let's say three years down the line. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: May I take that one? We were talking about, essentially a kind of revenue mix 
in terms of, the way forward. So at the moment we have, somewhere to the tune of 
maybe 45 to 50% of business from scrap, maybe about 30 to 35% of E-sales, E-
procurement and others. And the balance would be made up by minerals. So this is 
the kind of product mix that we are working in at this point of time. We would be 
looking to add certain other products. Once the pie increases, that, part of the scrap 
would get supplemented by other product, new areas, which what we had talked 
about, for example, data center, virtual data services, as well as other software 
offerings, which we would be looking at as a supplementary upstream and 
downstream activities to the basic options. 
 
Mr. Bhavesh Kanani: This last one from my end. Given the revenue mix you have shared, clearly scrap 
business is the largest segment for us. And as Ma'am was saying, we want to tap the 
private sector clients as well. Ma'am, alluded to a few things related to turnaround 
times, which are demanded by the private clients. But other than that, what are the 
steps we are taking so that the scrapping related business growth can be 
accelerated. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Basically, the business model itself, we are planning to have a new product for the 
private sector. We don't have anything, any readymade solution where the 
turnaround time will be much less and a lot more activities can be done by the seller 

 
Page | 9  
himself rather than being dependent on us. So for that, we have to enhance our 
capacities as well as give lot more facilities and access to the portals. So that we are 
building upon. Definitely, with that, we are hopeful that the volumes will also 
increase and the revenue stream also from the private sector, we will see quite a 
good growth. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: I'd also like to add a little bit here, like I talked about in my initial speech, 
when I, mentioned that we are embarking on a major capacity building exercise. So 
that is both in terms of manpower as well as in terms of technology. So, this is the 
kind of technology that would make user interfaces easier. 
 
Mr. Bhavesh Kanani: Any more details you can provide on the, let's say, human resource side, the team 
would have built for tapping the private clients. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: As far as the marketing part of the interface with clients, is concerned that we 
have a very strong team, which has built up MSTC's reputation, till all this time. We 
are supplementing in the areas of newer technology, which is where we intend to 
build up a base so that we can offer customized solutions to the client as per their 
requirements. So it's not going to be something that this is the kind of product that 
we have off the shelf. And, that is the standard offering that we would like to give. 
We would like to go to a client with a customized solution, understand his 
requirements, develop the solution in-house to the extent possible and supplement 
with partnerships and give it to him as a very user friendly, usable product. That is 
the approach we have. 
 
Mr. Bhavesh Kanani: The last bit on the cloud, ma’am mentioned that, you know, we have spare capacity 
there and we would like to offer that to, you know, external entities. How big, you 
know, is the spare capacity and what kind of revenue we can generate out of that. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: You ask us to put numbers to it. But, as I said, capacity of hosting, users 
requirements and users data on our website, It is a continuous process that is a 
model we have been working on. And naturally, as you go down the line, you 
enhance your capacities, you strengthen your own systems, So that is a part of it. 
Suffice to say that we have adequate capacities for our requirements at this point of 
time, and we have been adding on to the extent that we anticipate additional 
requirements coming in from clients. 
 
Mrs. Bhavesh Kanani: Wonderful, sir. Thank you, Thank you for all the responses. 
 
Equirus Securities: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, to ask question. Please press star and one on your 
phone now. We'll take our next question from the line of Atreya Pal, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Atreya Pal:  
Yes, My question is, I understand that there is quite a lot of penetration of e-
commerce in government, B2B sales, and we are seeing that in the growth of 
financial numbers. But can you give us a sense of what is the share of e-commerce 
in total government B2B sales, and is that growing over time? 
 
 
 

 
Page | 10  
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Well, it's a very difficult question because this is a kind of data which is not 
really there in the public domain as to what the extent of our total government 
business which is there, this is not something which is generally been compiled. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  No one has done this kind of a study as to what is the total potential of e-commerce 
business, especially government business that was transacted on paper can 
definitely be done through e-commerce. So that kind of resource mapping has 
never happened. It's very difficult for us to put a number to the what is our share. 
 
Mr. Atreya Pal: 
Understood as we are deeply entrenched in this segment. So, can you give us a, I 
just wanted to know, I just wanted you to give us a sense of share of e-commerce 
growing over time? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: It is definitely the way forward because that is the direction over the last 15 
years that not only government, but in general business has shifted over from the 
physical format to the E format in a lot of areas, such as particularly procurement, 
auctions. So, as far as, these two activities, these two major activities are concerned, 
over the next ten years, we would have a substantial part of the business being 
transacted electronically. 
 
Mr. Atreya Pal:  
Understood, Thank you. I have one more question. Can you give us a sense of who 
you are competing with, for the auctions that you are participating with and what 
competitive advantage does MSTC bring to the table? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal:  I'm glad you really asked that question. As far as competition is concerned, I 
would say that as far as the PSU space is concerned, we are probably the only 
people who, offer this, major e-commerce as a service. And as far as, competition 
with everybody else in the market is concerned, there is almost a nobody who offers 
the full gamut, the full range of services that is offered by MSTC. Most of our 
competitors would offer basically just the auction as a service, not the upstream 
and downstream parts that go into making it a complete service for the customer, 
right from building up their requirements, helping them create the auctions and 
right up to the final last mile points. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  We do have some advisory role as far as the scrap disposal is concerned, or even 
minerals and other materials. But, I would here like to point out that now the 
government is thrusting for use of GeM, especially for procurement, Of course, it 
has become mandatory now. For forward sale GeM has come up with a standard 
portal. So we'll have to see how much of business actually gets transacted there, 
but the kind of services that we are offering that is not available with any 
government or with any, private sector portal. 
 
Mr. Atreya Pal:  
Thank you. And is the business growing in the private B2B e-commerce segment as 
well? What has been your journey there? 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  Absolutely! We started off with sale of scrap for some big entities in the private 
sector. But now we are in a position to sell their iron ore and other minerals. So 
going forward, we definitely expect that the sale from auctioning, especially from 
the private sector, will go up. 
 

 
Page | 11  
Mr. Atreya Pal:  
Okay, Thank you. I joined the queue for further questions. 
 
Equirus Securities:  Thank you, we have a next question from the line of Kethan Atole from Robo 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Mr. Kethan Atole:  
Hello Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I wanted to know what is our scrappage 
capacity currently. And do we plan to commission, new capacities any time? 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  I think you are referring to our JV company MMRPL, which is actually into the 
scrapping business. 
 
Mr. Kethan Atole:  
Yes 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: So at this point of time, the JV that is MMRPL has seven RVSFs and which is 
adequate capacity for, in fact, the current load that we, anticipate as well as for the 
anticipated load for maybe the next couple of years and as and when the capacities 
get saturated, setting up further facilities would be a continuous process. 
 
Mr. Kethan Atole:   Got it. And can you give a revenue and margin guidance for next, FY 25 and 26? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal:  I'm sorry. Could you repeat that, please? 
 
Mr. Kethan Atole:  
Can you give revenue and margin guidance for FY 25 and 26? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: It is not really fair to talk about numbers, but we are looking at growth 
naturally. And, we, with the kind of the capacity building that we have been doing 
over the past some time and the outlook for the market itself, we would expect 
there to be a healthy growth in all the parameters. 
 
Mr. Kethan Atole:  
Okay and just last question. So, if you can give how much commission did we earn 
on the 37,000 vehicles that we sold through our portal? So, can you give that 
number? 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: See, as I said, it's a mixed bag. So it depends on volume, the kind of services that 
we give. So we can't be giving any kind of numbers as to what we earn from the 
sale of 37,000 vehicles. All this is in a clubbed format. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Let us say that it was as per the industry norms. In fact, we are very competitive 
in that sphere. 
 
Mr. Kethan Atole:  
Okay, Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
 
 

 
Page | 12  
Equirus Securities:  Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press star and one on 
your phone. Next question is from the line of Rakesh, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Hello, sir. You recently made a few changes in the MOA relating to e-commerce 
and fintech. So, what exactly do you plan to do? As far as these things are 
concerned. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Rakesh, we started off basically as a canalizing agency for scrap. So, the MOA, 
which had been there, was essentially designed as a physical auction agency and a 
canalizing agency. Now, over a period of time, MSTC has morphed into an e-
commerce platform, and that is what we wanted to bring our MOA and AOA in line 
with the kind of work that we have been doing over the last 10-15 years and not 
legacy prior to that. And also, since we are delving, more into e-commerce and 
associated bundled value-added services. So, to enable ourselves to be able to do 
that. That was the purpose of the change, the modification and amendments that 
we, put in in our MOA and AOA. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Great! Sir, regarding fintech? 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Fintech is, of course, an area that all services do have an upstream and 
downstream, additionality. So, these are also areas that we will evaluate when we 
look at other offerings. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  Some kind of fintech is already clubbed in our services for implementing the kind 
of activities that we are undertaking. So maybe going forward, we can offer that as 
a service also. So as of now, we are using fintech technology for our own activities, 
for our own e-auction services. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Okay, Regarding the data center, you mentioned that there is excess capacity and 
which you want to offer as a service or infrastructure as a service. So, the plan, of 
the company was to get into this business only because you had spare capacity. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  No, that was during our interactions with our various clients, especially the smaller 
and medium sized clients, we saw that they didn't want to invest heavily on the 
infrastructure, you know, buying servers and keeping their data. So that is one 
opportunity we thought will definitely be bringing some revenue for us as well as 
we will be able to utilize our excess capacity. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: And apart from this, MSTC has built up a reputation for transparency and data 
safety, which is an area where there are a lot of our clients, particularly government 
clients who are very concerned about. So that is why we saw an opportunity, 
because that is where we can leverage the fact that MSTCs systems are considered 
very strong. They are certified as strong, and therefore clients are quite comfortable 
placing their data on our servers, this is something that we should leverage. 

 
Page | 13  
Mr. Rakesh:  
Okay. So, in the data center business you'll be competing with the likes of AWS, 
Microsoft Azure. These are global players in billions of dollars of investment. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Our capacities are much, much smaller. And, this as I said, we would be 
basically leveraging the fact that MSTC systems are considered very strong and 
transparent. So those kinds of clients who would have data which have, optimum 
sensitivity, there would be certain government clients who would not be 
comfortable having data in any other third-party servers. So those are the kind of 
people that we would cater to in the initial stage. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Got it. So, regarding scrap income, what percentage is generated through 
customers in the private sector? 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  It depends on the scope of services. If somebody is offering scrap just to find out 
the rate from the market and we do have value added services, we do handle this 
business up to delivery. So based on what is our scope of services it varies from 
client to client. And of course, the volumes also. Somebody is giving me just two 
crores worth of scrap and somebody is giving 200 crores, obviously, I will have to 
have different slabs for different volumes. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Got it. So, madam, my question was that out of the total e-commerce revenues 
generated. So it is, 314 crores this year or 306 crores, one of these figures. So what 
percentage of that was scrap? So, which is normally around 45 to 50%. So let's 
assume around 50% of scrap, Yes, So say around 150 crores were generated 
through the scrap income. And what percentage of that comes from the private 
sector. 
 
Mr. Manobendra Ghoshal: So we are looking at somewhere around maybe 10 to 15% at this point of 
time. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar: Yes, about 10, 11%. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Okay Sir, one last question was regarding the steep increase in the employment 
costs. It has gone up by 27% from 69 to 88 crores. So, any particular reason, 
although you did touch upon, that there was increase, industry wide increase, but 
can you please share more details? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  If you look at the financials, so you will see that last year there was we had written 
back one provision of around five crore. So, the comparison is not that steep if we 
add that thing. So, the increase is around 13 to 14 crore of course. And industry 
wise now means there were some wage revision spending that was already available 
in the annual report that we had given a note under the balance sheet, the wage 
revisions of the non-executive employee and of course, some facilities given to the 
executives were under revision. So that has been implemented. 

 
Page | 14  
So, we hope afterwards there will not be this type of jump, but the jump will increase 
on two things. One is the inflationary pressure on the basis of which the day rates 
are divided. Again, the discounting rate through which the retiral benefits are 
decided. These two factors will decide the future increase. But of course, that will 
be normal. And, of course we have a wage revision due in 2027, because every ten 
years government, revises the wages. So that effect will also come into 
subsequently. 
 
Mr. Rakesh:  
Okay, Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Equirus Securities:  Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Satish Kumar from Wealth 
Aggregator Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Srinivas Reddy:  Yes, Good afternoon. I'm Srinivas Reddy, So, regarding this, as you remember, I am 
old shareholder more than ten years old, and I need a few clarifications regarding 
these provisions and write offs are, we have been informed earlier that the last two 
year’s concalls that they are done with. But again, this year, they have crossed 100 
crores. Can I get a clarification on that? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  Yes, I am just clarifying it. It is basically we have written off bad debt this year of 
around 100 plus crore. So, it is the provision even you see that other income part 
also that has been increased because of that and for that it is a two way entry. No 
effect on the profit and loss account. There is no effect. We again say, there is no 
provision charged on P&L this year. It is merely a book entry because we have 
written off one bad debt for which provisions were created earlier in the year, and 
this year no provisions has been created. 
 
Mr. Srinivas Reddy:  So we can expect these things are done with or in the future again this write offs 
might be there in the future. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar:  First, Reddy sahab, let me explain you that Write offs have no effect on the 
profitability of the company right now, number one. Number two, apprehensions 
regarding charge on P&L due to bad debts, provisions, so that much I can say that 
the marketing part is already over. That part has been done away with. There will 
be, of course, very minuscule provisions because in a business environment where 
you generate a revenue of 300 crores around, there will be some minuscule 
provisions. We have got a provisioning policy in place. So we make conservative 
thing, but that will be very, very minuscule and will not have major impact on the 
profitability of the company. So, this year we do not have any such provisions. So 
accordingly, trends will go, but even if it is there, it will be very, very minuscule. I 
repeat, very, very minuscule. 
 
Mr. Srinivas Reddy:  Okay. My second question is regarding this FSNL disinvestment. So, what is the 
progress? And, are you expecting in this financial year at least, to be happening? 
 

 
Page | 15  
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Let me answer your second question first. So, this is all dependent upon the 
government of India, which is being taken care of by DIPAM. DIPAM is the wholly 
and solely deciding authority on this matter. Second thing, if we look at the DIPAM 
website, so UI has already been finalized. So that is the progress that is available in 
the site and that is in the public domain. You can also access and see from that. So, 
we have got that much of knowledge available with us also sir. 
 
Mr. Srinivas Reddy:  Okay! But regarding the other most important, in the last few years, our both 
revenue and sales are getting stagnated. There is no structural growth, whereas 
other e-commerce companies are growing at much faster pace of 30%, 40%. But 
we are not able to scale our business in terms of profitability or the sales revenue 
also, either one thing goes up or the other one will go down and, marketing and 
other things. So is there any long term, structural plan, I mean, path, the 
management has for the secular growth possibilities. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  So, you are talking of, you know, 30%, 40% growth in e-commerce, mainly in the 
B2C sector, where, you know, the consumers are now largely using these facilities 
rather than going to the shop and buying in person. But as far as government 
business is concerned, it is mainly the natural resources that are getting auctioned.  
So, there are lot of policy directions, a lot of procedural aspects that have to be 
taken care of. So that kind of growth can never happen overnight as far as 
government business and in B2B scenario, especially. Again, if you see, in the year 
2019-20 our e-commerce revenue was in the range of about 183 crores, 20-21 it 
showed a steady increase to 202 crores and in 21-22 there was a jump by about 
almost 30%. Mainly because of this major mineral block, coal blocks and, lot of iron 
ore that got sold. So, when the policies and the market conditions favor these 
volumes and the revenue streams go up. It cannot happen that every year you see 
a growth of 30% to 40% in this type of business, especially B to B. So, 8% to 10% is 
something that we have been witnessing which is average and which will we expect 
to continue. 
 
Mr. Srinivas Reddy:  Okay, Thank you. 
 
Equirus Securities:  Thank you, We have a next question from the line of Kamlesh Jain from Lotus Asset 
Managers, Please go ahead. 
 
Mr. Kamlesh Jain: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Just one on the part of the presentation 
 
Equirus Securities:  May I request you to use your handset mode, please. 
 
Mr. Kamlesh Jain: 
Yeah, I'm on handset only, Am I audible now? 
 
Equirus Securities:  Yes, please go ahead. 
 
 

 
Page | 16  
Mr. Kamlesh Jain: 
Yeah, So just on the part of your results, like if we see the presentation and the 
clarification which you have provided on the other income and the provision side 
But if I go through the presentation, it's just a statement of facts. No clarification, no 
other information has been provided how the earnings have moved. Like if I see the 
marketing revenue, it has gone up from 455 crore to 107 crore. But if I see the EBIT, 
it has fallen from five crore to four crore and same way e-commerce like say, there 
is no explanation how the earnings move, how our business model is panning out. 
What is our like, say, in the last quarter You are guiding that You are focusing on the 
infrastructure, on the real estate business, how we are focusing on different 
businesses, how our earnings trajectory would be going forward. There is no clarity 
on that, that particular part. Even on the presentations on the historical data as well, 
it's very difficult to culminate that how the earnings are flowing through by on the 
basis of the, your reporting, like the data as well. So how we are going to place our 
entire business model going forward? Because honestly, over the last three, four 
years, it's very difficult to take a call how our business is going to flow out in the 
coming years. 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Sir, question is well taken because, you see, it is very difficult so far, we are basically 
e-commerce service provider with different kind of segments that we are working 
on so far, If we book a revenue from operations, so, only one source of revenue is 
the service charge that we earn from our customer. And time and again, we explain 
to our esteemed investors about the way that we are going on. In every investor call 
we are saying this, but the basic still that you have rightly pointed out like, in the 
past years, we are basically e-commerce service provider and basic rate earner is of 
course, we are dependent upon the scrap revenue and other e-commerce thing. And 
just now our director commercial explained like there were some growth in between, 
when we get some windfall because of certain e-auction that is being allotted and 
some scrap prices get spurred in the scrap prices, so that is the point. But even it is 
not possible for giving explanation in the financial statement to each and bit and bit 
of our because it comes to us from our e-commerce segment. B2B also, it comes 
from our n number of customers. So, it is very difficult for that way to explain, but so 
far future outlook is concerned, we are talking about in this investor call also. So, I 
will now hand over to our CMD to talk about some future outlook that is happening. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: One thing I wanted to say is that when you look at e-commerce as a business, 
it is necessarily sector agnostic. So, there would be some sectors which would be 
performing differently year on year. And, as far as e-commerce opportunities in 
those particular sectors are concerned, they can vary widely. What is important is 
that we are able to look at opportunities in terms of the type of e-commerce product 
that we offer and categorize those types into segments, which is why, I mean, at 
some point of time, there might be a major increase in property sales in some other 
year because of regulatory differences there may be a lot of, let us say, mineral blocks 
coming up for auction. So those kinds of changes are always going to be there. But 
it is the kind of product categorization which we can do, which is what our reporting 
is always going to be. It is not necessarily going to be the same sector year on year. 
Well, that is one part of it. Now, as far as the way forward is concerned. The basic 
product that all e-auction or e-commerce platforms provide has been basically either 

 
Page | 17  
E-procurement or E-auction. To be able to enhance the overall, business scenario, 
it's essential that we add on services which are prior to the point of either 
procurement or auction and also, post the process add in components like the 
fintech, the deliveries and the downstream activities which would enable the 
customer and the buyer and the seller to basically interact only at a single platform 
at a single point of time. So those are the kind of value-added services and offerings 
that we are looking at, talking to other people who are experts in those particular 
domains, and then trying to deliver a product which would be an amalgamation of 
all of these. 
 
Mr. Kamlesh Jain:  What we can do one thing like in the presentation for our clarity, you can at least 
provide your revenue breakup from different sectors, because that would give much 
more clarity to us that how a particular sector is important for us. Because honestly, 
this presentation doesn't add any value to us because the data which you provide is 
data on various websites. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: As I said, this also is not something which reflects an e-commerce platforms 
performance, because an e-commerce platforms performance is a reflection of how 
the particular sector is performing, and those sectors can vary from year to year. 
 
Mr. Kamlesh Jain:  But at least we can provide a sector breakup for each quarter or yearly because it 
would give much more clarity to us. Because honestly, like how your marketing 
revenue pans out e-commerce, it doesn't add much value to our thought process 
because over the last five, three, ten years, like the way our revenue has been out, 
like from March 2014 from 55,200 crore revenue, we are at like say around 316 crore 
revenue for the year as a whole. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: In fact, a kind of product that the company has shifted from. 
 
Mrs. Bhanu Kumar:  Vertical in fact. The business vertical itself has changed. If you see, about 10-12 years 
back in our financials, we have been reporting a lot of revenue from our trading 
segment, and probably e-commerce was almost non-existent, except for some scrap 
sale that was happening here and there. But, because of the inherent risk in the 
business model and the kind of huge provisions that we made about five years back, 
we had to slowly withdraw ourselves from that business vertical. And today we are 
focusing only on the e-commerce business vertical. So, if you see our presentations, 
we have categorically stated that these were our business verticals and this is what 
we are going to do. We are going to have more focus on the e-commerce sector 
and probably some focus on the recycling sector. But trading, definitely we are not 
pushing and we are not going to do any transactions under that vertical. So, if you 
compare ten years back and now there is probably no reasonable comparison. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: Because the kind of businesses are totally different. May I ask the director 
finance to take further. 
 

 
Page | 18  
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: If you have a part of our IPO presentations, during our presentations in the IPO, we 
categorically promised our investor that this business we have already decided to 
leave away. And right now, while answering the question to one of our esteemed 
investors, we categorically said, this is foregone. And all the provisions has been 
done away with. Now if you can go through the last few investor meetings where we 
have categorically told, the only segment in the marketing is left is that the business 
backed by guarantee. So, whoever provides us the bank guarantee of a schedule 
bank, we do the business with that particular customer. So, it is 2019 when we went 
for an IPO, that is a paradigm shift in the focus. So, that is already been explained 
number of times. If you can see the annual reports also if you see the chairman's 
speech also, Sir. But your suggestion is well accepted and of course we will from the 
next presentations we will also clarify that the marketing business has been tapered 
down for the sake of clarity and the transparency to the investor. Sir, well accepted 
suggestion, sir. 
 
Mr. Kamlesh Jain:  Yes, thanks for that. And lastly, can you provide, sector wise breakup of e-commerce 
revenue? 
 
Mr. Subrata Sarkar: Right now, basically we do not, as in my opening remarks, for us it is basically, we 
capture it as a service charge. So, for us it is a client wise, not sector wise. We tap 
suppose let us take an example, I have a client X, he has got mineral, he has got 
scrap, he has got something different product, he comes to us say I want to dispose 
of. He wants to dispose of some bulk goods, he wants to dispose of his scraps. We 
do the jobs and services as per our model. And we record the revenue as a service 
charge. It is very difficult that way to predict accurately what minerals fetched what 
amount of service charge. It is very difficult so far as accounting is right now. But 
going forward, as we have said, if our business grows and it grows beyond a certain 
limit, obviously we will look at capturing those data also in our accounting system. 
 
Mr. Kamlesh Jain:  Okay, Thanks a lot, sir. 
 
Equirus Securities:  Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
Mr. Manabendra Ghoshal: At the end of this, call, I would like to express our gratitude to all the advice, 
all the questions which has given us a set of guidance for the way forward, advices 
on how else and how better we can take our company forward, your company 
forward, for performing even better over the coming quarters. And, also a very 
hopeful prognosis that over the next few quarters we should be able to see a healthy 
growth in all the parameters. Thank you very much. 
 
Equirus Securities: Thank you, on behalf of Equirus Securities. That concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Safe Harbour:  
The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances 
under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the 
transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file 

 
Page | 19  
for grammatical, punctuation, formatting, others etc., that it should not result in any 
edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at 
website of the company, viz., www.https://www.mstcindia.co.in/. In case of 
discrepancy, the audio recordings available at website of the company shall prevail. 
This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the 
management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their 
opinion, are reasonable and may include forward-looking statements. Forward-
looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, 
market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial 
condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to 
differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims 
any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors or 
omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of 
this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the 
Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make 
such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
 
 
