 
 
 
 
07.05.2024 
 
   
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
  
To, 
The Manager,   
 
 
 
  
The  Manager,  
 
Listing Department,                                                    
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
  
BSE Limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block – G,                               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,                                               
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai – 400 051                                 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Ph. No. 022-26598100                                                
Ph. No.022 22721233 
Scrip Code : GEOJITFSL - EQ                                        
Scrip Code : 532285  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meetings 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investors conference call held on 
Thursday, May 02, 2024 at 10.00 A.M. 
 
Please also note the weblink and path for audio recording of the Analyst/Institutional Investors 
conference call at https://www.geojit.com/investor-relations - Investor Presentation - Analyst Call. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
For Geojit Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Liju K Johnson 
Company Secretary 
 
 
LIJU 
KAITHERATH
U JOHNSON
Digitally signed by LIJU 
KAITHERATHU 
JOHNSON 
Date: 2024.05.07 
16:34:45 +05'30'

 
 
“Geojit Financial Services Limited Q4 FY’24  
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C. J. GEORGE– MD AND CEO 
MR. SATISH MENON – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. A BALAKRISHNAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. JONES GEORGE – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MS. MINI NAIR– CFO 
MR. LIJU JOHNSON – COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Geojit Financial Service Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the Conference Call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satish Menon from Geojit Financial Services. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Satish Menon: 
Thank you, operator. Good morning to all those people who have joined. 
Along with me, I have Mr. C. J. George – Managing Director & CEO, Mr. A. Balakrishnan and 
Jones George – Executive Director, Mini Nair – CFO of the Company, and Liju Johnson – 
Company Secretary on the Call. Again, a warm welcome for you to joining this yearly call of 
Geojit 23 - 24.  
Let me start by giving the synopsis of the “Financials” declared day before yesterday and then 
we can open for Q&A.  
In terms of the income for Q4FY24: 
We have done Rs. 208.56 crores, which is 79% growth over the same period last year and for 
the full year, the income was at Rs. 623.97 crores, which is 39% growth from FY23. 
If you look at the split of income: 
Brokerage, that is equity and equity related, we have done Rs. 117.67 crores in Q4, which is an 
89% growth over the same period last year. And for the full year, it is Rs. 375.42 crores, which 
is a 33% growth from FY23. 
Financial Products income, the 4th Quarter is normally the best quarter for this division. In the 
4th Quarter, we did Rs. 64.06 crores, which is 94% higher than the previous year and for the full 
year it stands at Rs. 151.64 crores, which is a 54% growth compared to FY23.  
In Mutual Fund, over the year Mutual Fund income has grown 17% to Rs. 83.43 crores and 
Insurance has grown 176% compared to the previous year Rs. 66.16 crores. 
Software income remains subdued. For the full year we have declared Rs. 8.82 crores, which is 
down by 16% compared to FY23. Other operational income for the year stands at Rs. 78.25 
crores, which is a 64% increase from. FY23.  

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
In terms of Expenses: 
Total expense for the quarter was Rs. 142.18 crores, which is a 62% increase from the same 
quarter previous year and for the full year, Rs. 432 crores, which is a 31% increase from. FY23. 
Split up Expenses: 
Employee cost Rs. 220.78 crores for the full year, 38% increase from FY23. 
Fees and Commission expenses directly related to the business Rs. 86.39 crores, a 41% increase. 
Others Rs. 96 crores, which is a 23% increase. 
That is as far as the figures are concerned. 
As envisaged some years before, we have reduced the dependence on the Brokerage business. 
The brokerage income is 45% of the total revenue compared to 58% in FY20. 
Another highlight was the distribution income crossed Rs. 150 crores, stands at Rs. 152 crores 
now. Mutual fund AUM of Rs. 12,200 crores end of March 24 and PMS AUM of Rs. 914 crores.  
I hope all of you have gone through the “Shareholders Presentation” which we have uploaded. 
If there are questions, we are now ready to take them. Operator over to you for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Sir. Two things I want to ask you. One is on the Press Release that the Company has mentioned, 
the Board has approved an investment of up to USD1 million to form an entity in Dubai. Just 
wanted some clarity on this, what are the plans going ahead? 
C. J. George: 
Satish, I will take this question. I am C. J. George here. You know for the last close to 25 years, 
we have been working in the local market in UAE for the retail customers and that Company is 
doing well, DIFC is a platform where high net worth and ultra-high net worth customers are 
serviced and that relationship requires significantly different quality of product and perhaps 
complex structures, etc. So, since we started taking initiatives to grow our Wealth Management 
business, the integral part of the Wealth Management business is to have a setup in UAE DIFC.  
Using that platform, we will be able to service ultra HNIs and HNIs. Today a large number of 
our own clients in the Middle East are also clients of other entities in DIFC. In order to complete 
the bouquet of products, we have come to a stage when we have to start this, and we are of the 
view that this is the right time to go forward and start an operation in DIFC. This is the 
background. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. When you say products, what does that include like AIF or what exactly targeting? 
C. J. George: 
This will be global products structured notes, bonds, leverage products, all that we are unable to 
do today in the local domestic market in Dubai, those products will be made available to large 
number of our own customers as well as new customers whom we could acquire there. 
Darshil Pandya: 
Okay. Sir, anything on the software income we are seeing is subdued demand over there. What 
is the management thinking about it and how we will take it forward? 
C. J. George: 
At the moment we do not have an aggressive business plan on the software business, but over a 
period of next 1 year to 18 months, we will think about growing that business. It is largely 
servicing in-house operations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. George, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
George: 
I am questioning regarding like previously there were some disclosure regarding the 
appointment of CEO's for private wealth and PMS. Does the Company intend to significantly 
expand these portfolio? 
C. J. George: 
Satish, what was the question? The question was not really clear. 
Satish Menon: 
The question is that we have given press release on appointment of CEOs for private wealth and 
PMS, what is our outlook? 
C. J. George: 
Okay, good question. We have, you know, over a period of time identified the importance of 
scaling up private wealth business domestically for Indian clients. Large number of our own 
clients over a period of time have created wealth significantly and outside our client universe 
also, you know, the rate of growth of wealthy individuals, ultra high net worth individuals in 
India, as all of us are aware that number is going up. So, it is a market which is to be serviced 
by our own set of people. So, we have decided that we will go ahead and aggressively place our 
position in the private wealth business in the country.  
So, that is why we started hiring the team. We started hiring a CEO. We were also not very 
aggressive in terms of our portfolio management business. We decided that we cannot wait any 
longer. We wish to go aggressive on that business too. So, these are the two business lines we 
would like to aggressively pursue going forward. This is in line with, you know, the rate of 
growth of high-net-worth individuals in India. So, this is a market which we cannot ignore, and 
our own clients have become high net worth and ultra high net worth over a period of time. So, 
this is an organic attempt to grow the business. Thank you. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
George: 
Okay. One more question regarding the insurance premium side, could you please provide the 
total insurance premium collected during the year and what would be the outlook for the next 
year? 
Satish Menon: 
For ‘23- 24, we have totally collected Rs. 100 crores of premium, which is compared to Rs. 76 
crores for the previous financial year which includes, of course, Rs. 4 crores of general and 
health insurance. There is still lot of growth left in this business and we are hoping that ‘25 also 
should be good for insurance without giving any estimates. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Praveen Gramle from Ananya Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Praveen Gramle: 
Sir. I have two questions to ask. One is the significant growth we can see in the PMS area. I 
wanted to understand what synergies have worked very good and what kind of growth, because 
you have seen almost from Rs. 450 crores you’ve jumped to Rs. 914 crores. So, going forward 
in the next two – three years, what is your predictions in terms of what kind of growth rates that 
you could expect in the AUM? The second part is I would like to understand more in terms of 
your Gulf regions, what are the synergies that you are seeing, you know what kind of interest 
that you are looking at and how significant this portion can become? Thank you very much. 
Satish Menon: 
I will answer on the PMS business and Mr. George can take up the Gulf business, though maybe 
again replying what he had replied in the first question.  
In terms of PMS like Mr. George said, we have not been aggressive in the earlier years in selling 
our PMS. And now we have decided to be an aggressive player in that business. We have grown 
from Rs. 450 crores in FY23 to Rs. 914 crores and we have invested hugely in that business in 
terms of manpower cost. We are in line to start division in terms of managing the PMS in terms 
of fund manager, we are expanding that team to a larger base so that we can have many more 
schemes to cater to our clients needs.  
So, it is an aggressive focus area for us in this year also. Like I said again, we don't give any 
numbers for the future, but we will definitely see an aggressive push for PMS business this year 
also. Mr. George can answer the Gulf side. 
C. J. George: 
Yes. Thank you, Satish. Our plan is, as I told you earlier, although we have significant presence 
in Middle East through our joint ventures in UAE, Bahrain, Oman, Kuwait, etc, these businesses 
were largely, you know, servicing retail NRI clients. Now the time has come, we are of the view 
that our clients’ demand for products that are suitable for their risk appetite has gone up. They 
have become, you know, retail clients became HNI. HNI's became ultra high net worth. And if 
you look at Dubai as a city, over a period of the last four or five years, there was a significant 
migration of high net worth and ultra high net worth individuals. So, this is a segment where we 
couldn't, you know, resist from operating.  

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
So, in the past we have been thinking of and then we couldn't started this business in the DIFC. 
Currently with the DIFC planned along with IFSC new changes in the regulation, we have 
already a presence in IFSC. So, through these linkages we are of the view that we can service 
the high net worth, ultra high net worth investors outside India. And with the PMS and private 
wealth business growing for us in India, we will be basically completing the bouquet of products 
for the life cycle requirements for HNIs and ultra high network client. Thank you. 
Praveen Gramle: 
Sir, one follows-up on the same, apart from the Gulf region, are there any other countries on the 
cards where you would like to explore? Thank you. 
C. J. George: 
See, we are a Company looking for opportunities wherever we could identify significant NRI 
population. If the local, you know regulations permit, we are on the lookout for geographies 
where regulations are permitting us to operate without much complexities. So, we will come 
back and announce at the appropriate time. Thank you for the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of the Tushar Sarda from Athena Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
I have not tracked Geojit before, so if you can explain as to where the growth will come from. 
You already mentioned that you're reducing focus on brokerage, but which segment will drive 
the growth? Will it be a mutual fund? Will it be insurance? Will it be PMS and in what order? 
C. J. George: 
I will come in, Satish, to intervene and tell you that our focus, we did not make it appropriately 
perhaps. We are not reducing our focus on brokerage, but we are significantly increasing our 
focus on non-Brokerage business lines like distribution of mutual fund, distribution of insurance, 
private wealth, business, PMS business etc. So, that is why, you know, the brokerage income is 
today only 45% of the total income. So, without losing any focus we wish to build the best 
possible trading platform, investment platform in Geojit, and that will service our customers. So, 
technology will be a great service provider for our clients and there will be no kind of 
compromise on the focus on Brokerage business. But having said, our aggressive focus will be 
on other businesses so that we could also manage eventually the cyclical kind of movement and 
behavior of the markets and our revenues. So, this was the whole idea. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Okay. And on mutual fund, if I see, you know markets have done well, but your AUM growth 
has not been much. So, is it that we have much more of debt AUM than equity AUM? 
C. J. George: 
Satish, you might give the numbers. 
Satish Menon: 
So, in terms of mutual fund growth, I think we're at par with the industry. The industry equity 
AUM grew 48% FY24 over FY23, we have grown 46%. Our +95% of our portfolios is only into 
equities. 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Tushar Sarda: 
Is only into equities, okay.  
Tushar Sarda: 
Income has not grown accordingly. Income has grown only 17% in mutual fund distribution for 
the year. 
Satish Menon: 
Yes, but the AUM growth is 46%. The income growth is depending upon the commission rates 
we received from the mutual fund, as in when it is received. 
Tushar Sarda: 
How much of this is trail, and how much of this is new distribution? 
Satish Menon: 
We are only at trail. Maybe I didn't understand the question. Now mutual fund basis only on trail 
income. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S.M. Kumar, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
S.M. Kumar: 
Just I would like to know about do we have any plan in future inorganic acquisition? And the 
second question regarding how much cash available in our book. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
C.J. George: 
The question number one with regard to inorganic acquisition is an opportunity we will explore 
as and when we see opportunities that are aligning with our culture as well as the, you know, 
particularly on the compliance culture, etc. So, when we see such an opportunity we will 
certainly explore.  
With regard to cash in hand at the moment, you know we have utilized almost full amount of 
our cash in margin trading book. So, we do not have at the moment the free cash flows to look 
at the cash investment in acquisitions, but if there are opportunities, we have options to manage 
that.  
C. J. George: 
I think the question was what are the cash in the group which has been used, CFO can reply. 
Mini Nair: 
Yes. this is Mini Nair, CFO. On the group basis, the cash available is Rs. 750 crores. But as MD 
said, the majority of that is used for MTF books, lending, MTF and another major portion is 
used for the working capital requirements on a regular basis.  
C. J. George:                        But having said this, our interest income has gone up to around Rs. 110 crore last year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chander Bhatia from Seers Fund Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Chander Bhatia: 
So, my first question is what is the yield on PMS and what is the yield on mutual fund size? 

 
Geojit Financial Services Limited
 
May 02, 2024 
 
Satish Menon: 
Yield on mutual fund is 0.8 and on PMS, it varies around we estimated around 2.2 – 2.4 
percentage. You understand PMS is, you know, you have performance fee as well as the fixed 
fee. The average it's around 2.2 to 2.4. 
Chander Bhatia: 
Okay. Then what is the size of AUM of PMS from the performance fee side and what is purely 
on the percentage side basis or AUM basis? 
Satish Menon: 
I will try to get that; I don't have it right now. I don't have it right now for ‘24. If you have some 
other question, you can go with the other question, by that time I will get this figure. 
Chander Bhatia: 
Yes, Sir. I have one more question about the other operational income, which is Rs. 24 crores. 
So, can you give me a little more color on this from where this other operation income is coming? 
C. J. George: 
CFO? 
Satish Menon: 
Yes. Okay. I will give it. Other operational income for the year 23-24 interest on loans is Rs. 
1.46 crores. Rs. 54 crore FD interest, and PMS Rs. 18.57 crores and other operating income of 
Rs. 1.65 crores. Largely it is coming from FD interest. 
Chander Bhatia: 
Big percent PMS income. 
Satish Menon: 
And Rs. 18.57 PMS income. Performance fee is Rs. 5.22 cr. 
Satish Menon: 
If there are no questions we can conclude. 
Moderator: 
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. C.J. George for closing comments. 
C. J. George: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen for participating in this Investor Call. If anybody 
has any more inquiries, please feel free to contact us. We will be very happy to help you and 
give you the information. We have uploaded the investor presentation also, please go through 
that. Thank you very much once again. 
Satish Menon: 
Thank you very much. Have a nice day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Geojit Financial Service, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
