 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 8069134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com, CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
Date: May 29, 2024 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra, Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on May 23, 2024 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the 
transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, May 23, 2024 at 05:00 PM (IST), 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2024. The audio recording of the said Earnings Conference Call and Transcript of the 
same are also available on the Company’s website at www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
  
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
NAGAM
ANI C Y
Digitally signed by 
NAGAMANI C Y 
Date: 2024.05.29 
20:15:41 +05'30'

1 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
 
Earnings Conference Call  
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Kayum Dhanani 
:  Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal 
:  Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit V Betala 
:  Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma 
:  Head, Investor Relations 
 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
2 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to Barbeque Nation's Q4 and Full Year 
FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen- 
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bijay Sharma. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Bijay Sharma: 
Thank you Dorwin. Good evening and welcome, everyone to Barbeque Nation's Q4 and 
Full Year FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. For today's call, I'll have with me Mr. Kayum 
Dhanani, Managing Director; Mr. Rahul Agrawal, CEO and Whole Time Director; and Mr. 
Amit Betala, CFO. 
 
We will begin the call with Mr. Kayum sharing his perspective on overall demand scenario 
and key highlights of the year. This will be followed by a detailed discussion on business 
performance and outlook by Mr. Rahul, post that, we will open the forum for an interactive 
Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Kindly refer to our earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
 
I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I take the pleasure in welcoming 
you to Q4 FY'24 conference call of Barbeque Nation. In the context of the current operating 
environment, Barbeque Nation has demonstrated industry-leading performance during the 
quarter. Our strategic focus on portfolio rationalization, strong execution and a multiple 
cost initiatives have helped us in delivering another strong operating performance. 
 
Our revenues have grown Y-o-Y by 6% during the quarter and were up by 1.7% on a full 
year basis. This was on the backdrop of moderate network growth and negative SSSG for 
the full year. We have consciously moderated the network growth in FY'24 and were 
focusing on getting our operating margins to on-track, which has been successfully 
delivered in H2 of this financial year. Our adjusted EBITDA has grown by over 75% in 
H2 of this year over H1 on relatively same base of revenue. Similarly, adjusted EBITDA 
has almost doubled in Q4 this year versus the same period last year. This is testament that 
various initiatives undertaken during the year, such as portfolio rationalization and cost 
control initiatives has started yielding results. 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
3 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
We have now restarted to build our pipeline of network expansion in FY'25 and beyond 
and plan to open 100 new stores over the next 3 years. We plan to add 25 to 30 new 
restaurants in FY'25. During the quarter, we opened 2 new restaurants in Barbeque Nation 
India and one in Salt. We also closed 2 restaurants during the quarter, resulting in a net 
network of 217 restaurants. This includes 186 restaurants in India; 8 restaurants in 
international operation; 16 restaurants for Toscano; and 7 restaurants for Salt. 
 
Our Toscano business continued its strong growth trajectory. The business reported a 
revenue of INR108 crores in FY'24, a growth of around 19% compared to the same period 
last year. The reported EBITDA margin for the year was 26%. 
 
Our International business also continued its robust performance with revenue of INR90 
crores in FY'24, a growth of over 27% compared to last year. The growth was delivered by 
SSSG and addition of two new restaurants during the year. Reported EBITDA margin for 
the business is over 30%. Salt integration is also progressing well. 
 
We continue to focus on enhancing guest experience through initiatives such as culinary 
festivals, special menu activations, guest engagement, initiatives and restaurants upgrades. 
These initiatives are anticipated to enhance overall guest experience and drive footfalls. 
While we also increased the pace of our network expansion, we will continue to watch out 
how the demand scenario pans out and will also recalibrate our network expansion 
accordingly. 
 
The trend of improvement in SSSG and operating margins in our business is very 
encouraging, and we remain committed to further drive growth through SSSG and store 
expansion and maintained our operating margins. Our medium to long-term growth 
forecast remains intact and any favorable shift in the demand trend will further support our 
journey. 
 
Thank you, and I will hand over to Rahul to walk you through the performance in details. 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Kayum. Good evening, everyone. During the quarter, we reported a revenue of 
INR298 crores, a growth of 6.4% compared to the same period last year. The growth was 
supported by growth in both dining and delivery business. Dining business recorded year- 
on-year growth of 3.3% and delivery business grew by 19.3% year-on-year in quarter 4 
FY'24. 
 
Our same-store sales growth for the quarter was 1.4% driven by growth in our delivery 
business, while the dine-in SSSG was relatively flat. 
 
During the quarter, our matured portfolio delivered an annualized revenue per store of 
INR5.9 crores with restaurant operating margins of 16.1% compared to Q4 last year, the 
revenue run rate improved by 2.7% and margins improved by over 150 basis points. The 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
4 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
new restaurant portfolio reported an annualized revenue per store of INR4.5 crores with 
restaurant operating margins of 7.8%. The new portfolio experienced average revenue 
growth of 16% and margin increased significantly from minus 1.2% in the previous year. 
On a consolidated basis, annualized revenue per store run rate increased by 5.8% to INR5.5 
crores and store operating margins of 14.4%, which is higher by 328 basis points over the 
previous year. 
 
Gross margins for the quarter improved by about 300 basis points on a year-on-year basis, 
part of it was around 80 basis points improvement in gross margin during the quarter was 
due to reclassification adjustments and balance improvement is primarily driven by 
softening of input cost and better realization, mainly in beverages. 
 
Consolidated reported EBITDA for the quarter was INR62.4 crores with margins of 20.9%. 
The reported EBITDA included a benefit of one-off income of INR4.8 crores arising on 
account of closure of leases because of IndAS 116 impact. Reported EBITDA increased 
by 48% on a year-on-year basis. Our pre-IndAS EBITDA for the quarter was INR26.8 
crores with margins of 9%. Our pre-IndAS margin excludes the one-off income, which is 
part of other income in the reported financial. The adjusted EBITDA margin increased by 
almost 107% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
On a full year basis, we reported revenues of INR1,255 crores, a growth of 1.7% compared 
to last year. Our reported EBITDA for the year was INR230 crores with margins of 18.3%. 
And pre-IndAS adjusted EBITDA was INR101 crores with a margin of 8.1%. Our pre- 
IndAS EBITDA margin excludes the one-off income of INR11.1 crores, which is part of 
other income in the reported financials. 
 
Despite the challenging operating environment, we have been able to deliver strong 
operating performance in H2 of the year. On the relatively same revenue base, our adjusted 
EBITDA in H2 was higher by 75% over H1. Adjusted EBITDA margin is also increased 
from 5.8% in H1 to 10.3% in H2. 
 
Our International business continued its strong performance and recorded a revenue of 
INR90 crores in FY'24 with reported EBITDA margins of 32%. Toscano’s performance 
was also very encouraging, it reported a revenue of INR108 crores, with reported EBITDA 
margins of 26%. Salt integration is progressing well. We're also proposing a merger 
between Toscano and Salt, both of which are our subsidiary companies to drive better 
operational efficiencies. 
 
At the close of fiscal year, we had 217 restaurants, which included 186 restaurants in 
Barbeque Nation in India; 8 restaurants in International business, 16 restaurants for 
Toscano and 7 for Salt. During this quarter, we added 2 restaurants of Barbeque Nation 
and 1 of Salt. 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
5 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
We plan to add 25 to 30 restaurants in FY'25, and this will be broad-based growth across 
brands. We plan to add around 15 restaurants in Barbeque Nation, India around 3 
restaurants in international market, around 6 for Toscano, and 3 in Salt. 
 
Going ahead, we remain optimistic about various initiatives undertaken by us coupled with 
renewed focus on network expansion would further enhance our operating performance. 
Also, any improvement in the demand trend will further support our performance 
enhancements. Thank you. With this, we can now open the session for Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Palash Kawale: 
Congratulations on good set of results. So my first question is on SSSG. So do we foresee 
SSSG returning to 5% to 7% in FY'25 and FY'26? 
 
Amit Betala: 
Thank you, Palash, for this question. I think returning to 5% to 7% in FY'25 will be a 
challenge, but we remain very hopeful for this number to reach there in FY'26. In the 
current environment, it's getting very difficult to predict the overall performance. For 
example, in the 2 months that have gone by in this quarter, April has been marginally 
impacted because of the Navratra season. And that has led to some SSSG decline again. 
But May has been doing very well in the current scheme of things. So I will shy away from 
giving a guidance of 5% to 7%, but we'll endeavour to at least be on a positive territory. 
And my sense is that we should be able to deliver between 2% to 3%. But obviously, as 
the year unfolds, we will have more information on that. 
 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, for that. And sir, any store closures that you're planning this year? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think store closure is part of our journey now. While this year, we are planning to open 
around 25 - 30 restaurants. My sense is that we might end up closing another four to five 
in the entire financial year. As we grow and reach a network of 300 stores, we'll have some 
stores which always needs to be recalibrated or even need to be relocated or some markets 
you might have to exit. 
 
Palash Kawale: 
And sir, my next question is around margins. So if you attain an SSSG of 2% to 3% for 
this year again 5% to 7% next year, so how do you see margins shaping up by FY '26? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
If I can break it into periods, obviously, the H1 was a difficult period for us. There were a 
lot of initiatives that we had taken and when you take some initiatives there is a time lag in 
which the benefits will start showing up. So if I look at in buckets, H1 was around 5.8% 
for us. We consciously worked on some of the stores, looked at some of the cost items, and 
also model the P&L for some of the outlets which you're not doing well. And we could 
bring it back to around 10% now. I think this number should sustain and we should not be 
going back to the 5% to 6% level. That's my strong belief as of now. Giving a guidance for 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
6 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
FY '26 today at SSSG of around 5% to 6%, I think we should be able to deliver anywhere 
between 12% to 13% in FY '26 sort of period. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Congrats on the recovery as well as the disclosures for some of the newer restaurant 
businesses. I just had a question on the SSSG. So if you can kind of dissect a little bit, 
Rahul, on where this improvement is coming from? Is it more metro led? Is it more Tier 2, 
Tier 3 led? Because you have closed down a few stores in Tier 2, Tier 3, which are non- 
performing. So is that cohort with recovery? 
 
Is there some recovery from some of the IT-led markets where the home impact is there? 
Is it coming from there recovery some maybe some qualitative sense on where this 
improvement has been seen for your business? Or is there region-wise part that's more 
impressive than another. I just wanted to get your sense on that? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It's a bit broad-based, but if I had to dissect it first to look at it between delivery and dine- 
in, I think large part of this posted SSSG at the company level is driven by the overall 
delivery and optimized business for us. On the core dine-in business, as you have seen with 
other industry players, their delivery growth has been slightly better than the dine-in 
growth. In our business since almost 85% of the business comes from dine-in. The growth 
has been slightly different. But on SSSG front, our dine-in SSSG has been flattish. And if 
I have to dig deeper into regional markets, I think there's no emerging trend that I can give 
you. At least some of the markets where we have consolidated or closed 1 or 2 restaurants 
in some markets. Those markets have done very well because we have not seen a loss of 
business and those have in some manner moved out to some of our other existing outlets. 
So that has helped. But by and large, it's very difficult to predict or to give you a sense of 
whether it's metro or Tier 2, Tier 3-led. 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the second question was on the non-Barbeque India led businesses. If I look at 
profitability in the international business, it's slightly come down, but it's still pretty strong. 
For Toscano also, similar range. Salt has actually improved. I assume that some initiatives 
you would have taken in the last 3, 4 months of getting into your fold would have helped 
as well. I was just wondering if some of these margin performances were a little bit more 
back-ended or in the year. I just wanted to understand if the exit rates also for some of these 
businesses are quite heavy from a margin standpoint. 
 
Rahul Agrawal:            I think a large amount of consolidation also that we've done in Barbeque India business. 
Other businesses have been giving strong performances. If you look at last year's number 
also for International, the margin drop in International is only led by the fact that we 
added 2 new stores there. On a base of 6 stores and you add 2 more stores, then there's 
some margin decline that happens because it takes some time to ramp up. But despite that, 
on a pre-Ind AS basis, it's still delivering almost 18% EBITDA margin 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
7 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
on a top line of close to INR90 crores. So there is no particular front-loading or back- 
loading happening on International business. Generally, International business does pretty 
well in Q1 actually because of Ramadan period and all. Q2 is weak in International 
markets, Middle East, because of holiday season in that market, and it really picks up again 
in Q3 and Q4. 
 
Similarly Toscano continues to do very well. It has maintained its EBITDA margin of 
around 16% on a pre-Ind-AS basis. The growth rate has been very strong. I know we 
acquired it just before COVID, but the CAGR in the business is around 20% there. And of 
the 16 assets, they all are in prime locations and they continue to deliver strong margins 
for the full year basis in positive SSSG trajectory. 
 
Salt is very new right now. I think we integrated Salt November onwards. And the focus is 
more on trying to ensure that the back end is integrated here. So that once we start 
expansion in Salt, we are ready for that. And the margin improvement is only marginal in 
this, but the focus there would be to first say merge with Toscano and then start expanding. 
And that's why when you look at the current year projections, we are ready to add 6 stores 
of Toscano this year, out of which 2 are already in construction and 2 are on the verge of 
being signed. And in Salt, we are saying we'll just do three there. I think non-Barbeque 
business has been performing extremely well for us. And the Barbeque India business also 
with all the efforts that we have taken over the last 3, 4 quarters have been giving results 
for us. 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the other thing is on the inflation side. You mentioned that it's been fairly 
benign and that's driving the gross margin also. I just also wanted to check in terms of what 
the near-term outlook looks like for you right now on the inflation side? I mean anything 
to worry about? And then also from that perspective, how do you think about pricing this 
year? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think it's going to be stable for us. The meat prices are the key. While on chicken side, 
we might see some inflation, but on the prawns and fish side, we are seeing sort of flattish 
or downward trend on the prices. In terms of our pricing, it's very dynamic. We keep 
looking at our table turns, our capacity utilization and then take a call on pricing. But my 
sense is that we will shy away from taking any pan-India price hike this year, but try and 
focus more on providing value to our guests so that we can build on the volume in the core 
dine-in business for Barbeque India. 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And last question was on the restaurant Barbeque Nation India. I mean, I think after 
a break of about a few quarters, you have started to kind of talk about double-digit additions 
in terms of restaurants. I was just wondering, does that also kind of signal you know, the 
basis what you're seeing on ground? And while it's hard to still say, but at least SSSG trend 
directionally look positive, and that's why this kind of renewed expansion kind of thought 
process in the Barbeque India business? 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
8 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Rahul Agrawal:      Obviously, when we expanded aggressively in FY'23 and we had to go through some 
rough patch for a couple of quarters because of that. But if you look at the difference in 
our approach now, and that's the learning which we've also seen over the period of last 
two years. In FY'23, we added almost 39 restaurants. And by and large, all of them were 
from Barbeque Nation India business. And that was also on back of great performance in 
India business after COVID. This time around when we are again, relooking at overall 
growth of, say, 25 to 30 stores this year, this is very broad-based. In Barbeque Nation 
India business, I'm targeting to do around 12 to 15 restaurants, which is practically one 
restaurant a month. Which for a network like ours is completely doable and there are 
market opportunities so that we don't impact our margins also. And consciously, over the 
period of last two years, as we are building and also working on some of our non- 
Barbeque India businesses, they are now sort of ready to, fire more. International business, 
as you would have seen us talking about this, we're always very cautious about 
International because the cost of this is very high. But today, with pretty much a long four 
year of history in that business. We feel very comfortable to open two or three restaurants 
in that market very easily. Same with Toscano, I think we spent slightly longer than what 
we should have done in terms of building our dedicated teams for that and now they are all 
in place. And today, we feel very comfortable to add six there and three in Salt. I mean 
difference between growth in FY'23 versus FY'25 is going to be the fact that last year, it 
was led by one brand versus this year around it will be led by multiple brands. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Can you give a bridge of the capex that we have spent about INR80 plus crores? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
There are three parts to it. We have added around 13 new restaurants this year, out of which 
two are International. And we have also relocated 8 of our restaurants, which is pretty much 
like a new store. Overall 21 outlets have been added. International generally are at higher 
capex, around INR64 crores have been spent on new store expansion. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
13 new restaurants in which two are international, right? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
11 are Indian that are spent and how much capex, 11 restaurants? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That would have done around INR33 crores. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
About INR3 crores. 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, INR3 crores each. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And then two restaurants of International at? 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
9 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Around INR10 crores. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Two into INR5 crores. That is basically INR5 crores per restaurant international? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
And then other eight relocations, which is around INR21-odd crores. We had spent around 
INR15 crores on regular maintenance plus some of the restaurants upgradation, which is 
not relocation, but generally better look and feel of the existing sites. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. 18 restaurants, you closed down, 21 you relocated, which is about 39, and you added 
for the year 13, so 52 divided by 216, let's say, about one-fourth of your network has been 
added, reshuffled, or closed. So then that whole cannibalization related, which you were 
calling out for the last year, basically. When does that gets start reflecting in SSSG? 
Because it's one-fourth of your restaurants which have been addressed or looked at. 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Relocated are part of our SSSG because this is pretty much in the same trade area. And on 
the balance portfolio, our SSSG obviously, for the last two quarters have been in the 
improving trend. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Basically, it's about SSSG number, which is let's say higher than the inflation, number 
although 5% or 6% numbers where it starts benefiting your margins. From that angle, when 
should play out in your opinion? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
You have to also look at it in the context of the current operating environment. The SSSG 
numbers that are generally in the industry being reported also is negative. And if you look 
at those numbers versus our number for the quarter, we are, I think, in the better sort of 
quartile. It's just a function of market. And I think this year's full year basis, we should be 
in the positive territory and expect to be in a 5% plus range from FY'26 onwards. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And on the GP number, where it is about 400 to 500 basis points in four quarters. So here, 
it's a mix, which is playing out? Or it is cost? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
If you remember, in quarter one, we have also done some value offers, Happy Monday 
Tuesday offers very aggressively because of which our gross margins have been lower. 
But if you look at quarter four versus quarter two, which is a more reasonable sort of 
number for that period, this was approximately 66%, which has gone up to around 69% 
now. On the 300 basis points, like I said, there is a reclassification of impact of around 80 
basis points. And this reclassification is on account of the restaurant employees food cost, 
which was earlier part of food cost, which as per new auditor has now moved to the 
employee cost. So there is 80 basis points from there. 
 
And the balance 200 odd basis points, there is some benefit of the input cost and benefit 
coming from price realization. The beverage gross margins, which used to be earlier around 
55% - 60% has now moved around 75%. So that's the cumulative impact of that. 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
10 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Himani Shah from Alchemy Capital. 
 
Himani Shah: 
All my questions have been answered. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria, an Individual Investor. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
What level of contribution are we expecting from the delivery going forward? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It's around 15% to 16%. We are expecting to maintain that and continuously work towards 
growing it more than how they're growing. But as I said earlier, we're not targeting to 
change the proportion of delivery versus dine-in. Dine-in is a very profitable business for 
us, and we would love to see whether that business grows faster than what it is growing 
right now given the current industry scenario. It just so happened that last year's delivery 
did better than dine-in. But otherwise, we are not consciously trying to change the shift. 
We're obviously targeting to grow that businesses around 15%, 16% every year and pretty 
much try and maintain the similar numbers for dine-in. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
On the longer term, what I can have, we are planned to maintain at around 15% to 16%, 
but delivery being a higher profit margin business for us, why didn't we scale it up? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, delivery is not a high profit margin business for us. Dine-in is a better profit margin 
business for us. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And sir, you have said that you're opening 25 new stores this year, in FY '25. So 
what is the amount of capex are we planning? And could you give me a split between 
Barbeque and non-Barbeque restaurant? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Around INR 75 crores on new outlets. Overall, we will end up doing capex of around 
INR100 crores for the full year. This also includes maintenance capex and some other 
capex as the corporate level that we keep investing. In terms of breakup between various 
brands, we plan to do around 15 restaurants for Barbeque India; around 3 for international; 
6 for Toscano and 3 for Salt. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Giriraj Daga from Visaria Family Trust. 
 
Giriraj Daga: 
My question is related to gross margin. So last quarter, like we grow somewhere about 
68.5% slightly higher than that. What should be the level of gross margin assuming for, 
let's say, FY '25. Should we be able to sustain this number of quarter 4? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. I think it should be in the range of 68% to 69%. We should be able to sustain this. 
 
Giriraj Daga: 
Okay. And like just to clarify, you mentioned that adjusted margin should be about 10% 
for the full year? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
11 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Giriraj Daga: 
And that number can go to about 12%, 13% you mentioned for the FY'25 -- FY'26 when 
the 5% to 6% SSSG? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Govinda Alagi from Natwarlal & Son 
Stockbrokers Private Limited. 
 
Govinda Alagi: 
Most of the questions have been answered, but I just want few clarifications or you say sort 
of an understanding regarding the delivery business, particularly UBQ. So I can see the 
brand has been launched in 2018 and it has contributed good like overall 19.3% growth. 
And as sir said that it has a good profit margin. Going forward, I just want to understand, 
like how do you see these brands build, grow. Like what are the challenges being facing 
or expecting in future? What could be the delivery charges? And what is the revenue split 
between the UBQ and Dum Safar. Like please throw some colours like the insight full 
length that we don't know about this two delivery business, particularly like UBQ? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you, Govinda for this. Our delivery business is mix of delivery sales that we do from 
across all our brands. And UBQ, yes, we started in 2018, but the real kick to the brand only 
came post-COVID and Dum Safar also we started almost a year back and was scaling up 
pretty well. On UBQ, both UBQ and Dum Safar are pretty much acting like a cloud brand 
right now because they all operate from the existing Barbeque Nation kitchens and they 
don't have a store front for the guests to look at. I think we will experiment with some of 
these. We have experimented with Dum Safar counter. It's very early days there and what 
our learnings are coming from that business, we are incorporating. But we're seeing how 
we can put the brand in front of our guests so that the brand recall is higher, they can try 
our product end and eventually also go in order from the delivery platform. Something 
similar we are also wanting to do with UBQ wherein we can open up either a small kiosk 
or a small sit down sort of area with 800-900 square feet and deliver a-la-carte experience 
to our guests, because we understand Indian cuisine and there's something that can be 
delivered and also there is a market. But both of these are really early stage and that's 
something which we keep working on various projects. And at appropriate time, we'll also 
bring on to the forefront and discuss with the market in general. I think since COVID till 
now, the growth rate has been extremely good. What we delivered in FY'22, there was 
some sort of break in FY'23, but now they are both in growth trajectory. And more 
importantly, they have been better guest ratings now. And our NPS scores for these have 
been also marginally increasing over the quarters. 
 
Govinda Alagi: 
Okay. So second one is, I just want a clarification on the official name of the brand, the 
Red Apple Kitchen is known to be Toscano and the Blue Planet Food is known to be SALT. 
So what is the official one? Like what is official name like in terms of the company or the 
brand? 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
12 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
The company's name is Red Apple Kitchen Consultancy Private Limited that houses the 
brand Toscano. And the other company's name is Blue Planet Foods Private Limited, which 
has the brand SALT in that. 
 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mahesh Atal from Atal and Associates. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
I'm fairly new to the company. So my questions will be a little bit foundational. So just 
looking at your depreciation numbers, so what this all the restaurants that we have, are they 
owned restaurants or it's like an asset-light model for us? Out of 217, how much would be 
the asset light old one, if you could answer that? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We lease these premises in the country and then we set up our own restaurants. We don't 
franchise our restaurants. All of these restaurants are owned and operated by us. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
So entirely, it's owned premises itself are owned? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, premises are not owned by us. They are on lease, but the entire restaurant is constructed 
by us. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
Okay. So when you say that, so I could see the depreciation and amortization expense. So 
what kind of expenditure goes into this. This is all lease expenditure? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Lease part and this also includes the impact of Ind AS 116. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
Okay. Fair enough. And one more thing. In this 217 restaurants, what kind of seats you 
might be having, like how many seats across outlets? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Average, we have between 120 to 130 seats each restaurants for us. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
And, yes. So what is the average revenue that you generate? Or you can give me like what 
would be the breakeven point at which you will have a breakeven in that particular 
restaurant? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Breakeven points differ from site to site. It depends on what's the area of the location, what 
is the rent that we are paying. Obviously, rent in a mall in Bombay would be higher than 
rent in a Tier 2 city. So to that extent, the breakeven points are different. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
Also, one more thing. When you say that you have just relocated 54 restaurants. I mean 
you have already relocated or done something sort of change in that, What was the analysis 
that went behind that, like no performance or like you were of view that the walk-ins were 
not there? Or what exactly went into that? And more on that, those areas like what are the 
food habits like? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
When you talk about relocation, what we mean by that is, we have not vacated the trade 
area. We are still in that trade area. It's just that we moved from one particular site to another 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
13 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
particular site. And there could be multiple reasons for that. Predominantly, there are two: 
One is that restaurant has been used extensively for last 12 to 15 years. The designs that 
were there earlier is now outdated. And we need to give a fresh experience to our guests. 
We'll set up a new one and then shift our business there. And typically, this will be within 
100 meters to 200 meters of the existing site, also depending on whether you find the site 
or not. It's primarily driven by the fact that we have to give enhanced experience to our 
guests. The second one, being in that location for a period of 10, 12 years, you have gone 
through multiple cycles of rental escalations. And now the rental has reached to a point 
wherein you can get much better rental, say, 30%, 40% reduction in rentals if you moved 
to another sites and 30%, 40% rental reduction is also on account of one general market. 
And also they've gone to the fact that if the earlier site was, say, larger, say, 6,000 square 
feet, now with the new design that we have come up with, we can set up the same amount 
of seating capacity on a smaller area, say, 4,500 square feet. We can manage and reduce 
our area requirement by 25%. Put together, if you are saving on rentals per month, you are 
also giving enhanced experience to the guests. And in your payback analysis, it makes 
sense, we go ahead and relocate that. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
Fair enough. And one more thing, does Barbeque Nation have any exclusive vegetarian 
restaurants? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, we don't have any right now. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
Okay. because I could see that there has been a lot of things said by you in the last year 
which I don't see in the numbers. What went in 2024 and what it could not happen and 
what are we doing to I mean come up with that in FY'25. If you could please give me a 
sense on that? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Sorry, Mahesh, this is a very broad-based question in terms of what was said in the previous 
year and what went differently. I think it’s better that we can go through earlier 
transcripts, and if there is any specific point that you're looking on, I can explain that and 
discuss. 
 
Mahesh Atal: 
Restaurants, how much would be like having -- how much are loss-making and how much 
are profit making currently? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, we don't give that number. That changes with seasonality. How they behave during 
quarter 3 versus quarter 4 is very different. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nirav Seksaria, an Individual Investor, please go 
ahead. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Could you also specify the amount of alcohol contribution to the revenue in Barbeque 
Nation? 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
14 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It's around 4% to 5%. That's just alcohol. It doesn't include other beverages. Other 
beverages and alcohol put together would be around 9%. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
And, are we planning to increase other beverages and alcohol specific contribution since it 
has a higher profit margin attached to it? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We always endeavour to. Yes, it has higher contribution margin to us and everything 
incrementally sold is obviously revenues and margins. But by and large, our experience 
has been that this range between this level predominantly because we are known for our 
food. We are known for all you can eat. And when a consumer comes to our restaurants, 
he comes with a particular budget and he comes to enjoy the unlimited starters, deserts, 
and main courses that we offer, and generally not moved towards beverages. Just one 
clarification is also, it looks lower because in large part of our restaurants, we offer one 
free beverage during lunch sessions, from Monday to Friday and come to the Saturday also. 
If you look at the incidents of beverages by that I mean, how many bills have got beverages 
be attached to that, that number will be approximately 15%. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. when you say one free beverage, is it alcoholic or is it non-alcoholic? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Non-alcoholic. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. But are we planning to get in any initiative to increase on alcoholic beverage segment 
or an overall beverage segment? We can add on a specific amount for an unlimited 
beverage, which also increases the fullness of a consumer. 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That's true. You're right about that. And we have done some offers. We keep likely running 
them in various markets. That's also a function of other promotional deals that you're also 
getting from beverages companies. But in our experience, whenever we have tried to do 
that and with the objective of trying to attract people who want to drink unlimited, typically, 
we have seen that those businesses with unlimited drinks don't move to us because, at 
Barbeque Nation, when you come to, say, drink unlimited beverages, then you also have 
to pay for, say, around INR800 for the unlimited food that you consume. So by and large, 
our guest segment is the one who want to enjoy food rather than beverages. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
What I was trying to say is that we can fetch non-alcoholic beverage along with food, which 
is attractive towards the consumer. 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I understand, and we have tried that in various markets, and obviously, endeavour is to 
keep increasing it as much as possible. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And sir, do we have any number on the amount of stores that we want to revamp or 
reallocate or close during FY'25? 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
15 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
I think we might end up closing around 5 restaurants in FY'25, might, because some are 
still not decided upon. And I think going forward also, you can expect a closure rate of 
around 3 to 5 every year now. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
And what about revamp and relocate? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That's very site specific. That's also depends on whether we get a different rental deal at 
that point in time. But by and large, I don't think you do more than a 3 to 4 relocation in 
the present year. But in case of revamping, upgrading the front end look and feel, that's 
something that is taken up as a strategy. And you might have ended up doing it for pretty 
much every restaurants, which are more than 6, 7 years old for us, and which needs 
upgradations. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And how much time does it take for such restaurants which are relocating and 
revamping to be breakeven? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, it's not that we do it for stores which are not breaking even. So we also do it for the 
stores which are generating handsome margins. We just have to keep ourselves fresh and 
relevant for guests, so that exercise is actually almost continuous. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
No, I get it. But for example, if you are reallocating any restaurants, so there's some 
additional costs attached to it. So it will take some additional time to breakeven, if I'm not 
wrong, right? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, once you move or relocate, then you're relocating something which is older and the 
rentals would have been slightly higher. If the rentals would go up, then you actually go to 
a high footfall mall wherein you also get advantage of the footfalls. It's not that when you 
relocate, our costs go up. In fact, during our relocation strategy, we've only seen that the 
operating cost comes down. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And are you seeing any increased footfall in such restaurants? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, because the restaurants are new, it's designed differently. We have more counters there 
which enhances the experience of the guests. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
On an approximate basis, could you tell us the percentage increase in footfall in such 
restaurants? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, I don't have a handy number because it all differs between these restaurants, and also 
time period. Some of these are not even done in one year, so I can't do a like-to-like 
comparison. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
16 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. I just wanted to know the capex for this year. What's the expectation? 
 
Rahul Agrawal: 
That would be around INR100 crores, assuming 25 new stores that come up, around INR75 
crores will go towards new stores, around INR15 crores to INR18 crores will go towards 
maintenance, capex and some refurbishments, and another INR8 crores to INR10 crores 
will go towards some of the corporate level expenditures that we have to do. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On behalf of 
Barbeque Nation, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 

Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q4 and Full Year FY2024 
17 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
+91 080 6902 8721 
Investor@barbequenation.com 
 
 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
“Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, 
Doddakannalli Village, Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, 
Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India  
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.barbequenation.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, 
statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to barbeque Nation’s future business 
developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations 
concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual 
developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, 
macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, 
technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key 
factors that could affect our business and financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any 
forward-looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances. 
