 
 
Date: May 22, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Script Code: 543904 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: MANKIND 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Investor Conference Call for Q4FY24 – Transcript 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Investor Conference Call for Q4FY24 held on 
Thursday, May 16, 2024 at 12:00 Noon (IST).  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.mankindpharma.com/media/investor/q4-fy24-earning-concall-transcript_final-
1716361558.pdf . 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
 
Pradeep Chugh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
PRADEEP 
CHUGH
Digitally signed by 
PRADEEP CHUGH 
Date: 2024.05.22 
13:29:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mankind Pharma Limited 
Q4 & FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJEEV JUNEJA – VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SHEETAL ARORA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR  
 
MR. ARJUN JUNEJA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
DR. SANJAY KOUL – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER  
 
MR. ASHUTOSH DHAWAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. PRAKASH AGARWAL – PRESIDENT (STRATEGY)  
 
MR. ABHISHEK AGARWAL -- HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Mankind Pharma Limited Q4 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Agarwal, from Mankind Pharma. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Abhishek. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to our Q4 and FY '24 earnings conference 
call. On the call today, we have Mr. Rajeev Juneja, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Sheetal Arora, Chief Executive Officer and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Arjun Juneja, Chief 
Operating Officer; Dr. Sanjay Koul, Chief Marketing Officer; Mr. Ashutosh Dhawan, Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Prakash Agarwal, President, Strategy. 
 
We will begin with opening remarks from Rajeev Juneja, providing an overview of the quarter 
and the fiscal year 2024, followed by detailed insights of the business performance from Mr. 
Sheetal Arora and Mr. Ashutosh Dhawan will be sharing the key financial performance post 
which we will leave the forum open for Q&A. 
 
I hope by now you had access to the investor pack shared yesterday and I'd like to reiterate that 
certain statements made during today's call may be forward-looking. A comprehensive 
disclaimer regarding the same is uploaded on our investor presentation and press release already 
uploaded on our website. Now I would like to invite Rajeev sir, to share his comments. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Thank you, Abhishek, and good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q4 and 
FY'24, earnings call. I want to acknowledge that last week, we had celebrated our first year of 
listing. Thanks to the unwavering trust and support of our stakeholders, Mankind has swiftly 
risen to become one of the top 100 companies in the country. Additionally, during the year gone 
by, we have crossed the annual revenue milestone of INR10,000 crores and doubled our revenue 
in 5 years despite of multiple industry headwinds. This remarkable achievement is a testament 
of our unwavering passion and our firm commitment of serving Mankind. 
 
Speaking of quarterly performance, we witnessed a strong quarter as our revenue increased by 
19% year-on-year to INR2,441 crores. EBITDA grew significantly by 42% year-on-year to 
INR594 crores, with EBITDA margin over 24% and PAT grew by 62% year-on-year to INR477 
crores.  
On an annual basis as well, the company reported a strong revenue growth of 18%, increasing 
the revenue to INR10,335 crores. EBITDA increased to INR2,550 crores, up by 33%, and PAT 
grew to INR1,942 crores, up by 48%, primarily driven by robust growth in modern trade, 
hospital sales and expansion in chronic share by 160 bps year-on-year to 36%. We have 
outperformed the IPM chronic by 1.4x and CVM IPM chronic by 1.7x.  

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
With a strong net cash position of INR3,260 crores, we are consistently evaluating multiple 
opportunities with high entry barriers to enhance our presence in chronic, consumer and other 
health care adjacencies. 
 
With our commitment to provide international quality health care products to every citizen of 
the country, we have recently entered into an in-licensing agreement with Astra Zeneca for their 
world-class brand, Symbicort. In recent years, developing nations have experienced a notable 
rise in the number of individuals suffering from asthma and COPD condition, largely attributed 
to swift industrial growth and substandard air quality. 
 
Presently, India accounts for approximately 13% of worldwide asthma patients, impacting 
individuals of all ages, thereby necessitating superior quality products to tackle this health 
challenge. Symbicort is a dual combination inhaler brand, known globally for its higher efficacy 
used for the treatment of asthma. We aim to grow this brand by leveraging our extensive field 
force and strong doctor’s reach.  
On the operational front, we have adopted various digital and technology-led business 
transformation initiatives. These initiatives are aimed at improving automation and digitization 
of processes across functions to further enhance our operational productivity and efficiency, 
which has also resulted into reduction in our working capital from 45 days in March '23 to 42 
days in March '24. 
 
Further, we are revamping the packaging of all our products to enhance customer experience 
and create better consumer awareness. In FY'24, the Consumer Healthcare segment grew by 2% 
year-on-year due to multiple business transformation initiatives undertaken during the year.  
While secondary sales were healthy, we are now observing a robust growth in primary sales, 
ensuring confidence that this segment will resume its past growth trajectory. Recently, we have 
carved out our OTC business into a new legal entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mankind. 
This strategic move aims to sharpen our focus on this division and maximize its potential.  
On the R&D front, our focus remains on developing differentiated products to cater to the unmet 
needs of the patients. 
 
I would like to conclude by expressing my heartfelt appreciation to all our shareholders for 
placing their trust in us. With this, I will hand over to Sheetal, who will provide more details on 
our business performance. 
Sheetal Arora: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will be providing key insights into our quarterly and annual 
business performance. Let's begin with our performance for the quarter. In this quarter, our 
domestic business revenue rose to INR2,174 crores, marking a 10% increase. This growth was 
driven primarily by strong performance in our chronic segment and recovery in the gynaecology 
segment. 
 
According to IQVIA, our secondary sales grew by 8%, outperforming the Indian pharmaceutical 
market by 1.4x. Our chronic segment growth was notable at 16%, surpassing the IPM chronic 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
growth by 1.6x. This robust performance has led to an increase in our chronic market share to 
37.4%.  
Significant contributions came from our Cardiac and Anti Diabetic segment, which registered 
impressive growth rate of 21% and 18%, respectively. These segments outperformed their IPM 
counterparts by 1.9x and 2.6x, achieving an all-time high market share in their respective 
therapies. I would also like to highlight that our insulin brand, NOBEGLAR, has been 
recognized as a launch of the year in the antidiabetic category.  
Despite a modest 4% growth in our acute segment, we still managed to outperform the IPM 
acute growth by 1.2x. Additionally, adjusting for the impact of our regulatory change affecting 
one of our products, our growth in acute segment would have been even more impressive, 
exceeding IPM acute growth by 1.3x.  
Further, in our Consumer Healthcare business, we achieved a revenue of INR156 crores, 
marking a modest year-on-year growth of 3%. We have observed some recovery in this quarter 
and are projecting mid-teens growth for financial year '25. We have strengthened our portfolio 
with strategic product launches, including Ova News, which leverages the Prega News brand to 
detect menstrual cycles.  
In our international business, we saw a significant growth in quarterly revenue, propelled by 
one-off opportunities in the U.S. and selective product launches over the past 12 to 18 months.  
Turning to our annual performance. Our domestic revenue climbed to INR9,522 crore, up by 
13% from last year, with secondary sales growing 8.5% compared to 7.6% IPM growth. Despite 
being one of the youngest companies in our sector, we have scaled our brands remarkably 
quickly. This year, we added 3 new brand families to INR100 crore category, bringing the total 
to 23. We are confident that we will continue to outperform IPM by 1.3x to 1.4x.  
During the quarter, we have also received the British Safety Council certificate for one of our 
facilities, reaffirming our commitment to providing globally acclaimed quality products. 
 
Also in previous quarters, we have outlined a detailed road map of ESG towards increasing our 
sustainable footprint aligned with UNSDG. It gives me immense pleasure to share with you all 
that during the year, we achieved a remarkable milestone towards being plastic neutral, as we 
have successfully collected 100% post-consumer plastic waste and sent it for recycling. 
Additionally, we have reduced our carbon emission significantly by 85% as compared to FY'23.  
We are dedicated to contributing to a healthier Bharat by being market disruptors and setting 
ourselves apart from the competition. I will now hand over to Mr. Ashutosh, who will provide 
more details on our financial performance. Thank you so much. 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Thank you, Sheetal, sir. A very good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking out time to join 
our quarter 4 and FY'24 earnings call. Today, I will be sharing detailed insight on our financial 
performance, both for the fourth quarter and the FY '24. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
In quarter 4, FY '24, our revenue from operations increased to INR2,441 crores as compared to 
INR2,053 crores in  Q4, FY '23, signifying a healthy growth of 18.9% year-on-year basis. For 
FY 2024, our revenue has grown by 18.1% year-on-year to INR10,335 crores versus INR8,749 
crores in  FY’23.  
The gross margins of the company has increased by 2.6% year-on-year to 69.8% in Q4, FY '24, 
as compared to 67.2% in Q4 last year. This increase is primarily due to 3 factors. Firstly, it's a 
full year price increase, has provided a benefit of 1.4%. Secondly, the favourable sales mix has 
contributed 60 basis points to the gross margin. And thirdly, last year, we had inventory-related 
write-offs and accruals towards COVID products, which compressed Q4 FY '23 gross margins 
by 60 basis points, which was normalized in this year. 
 
For the full year, the gross margin increased by 2.2% year-on-year basis to 68.9% as compared 
to 66.7% in FY’23. This is majorly on account of favourable sales mix, including increase in 
chronic share and the price increase impact as we highlighted before.  
During the quarter, EBITDA increased significantly by 42% year-on-year to INR594 crores as 
compared to INR419 crores in Q4 FY '23. The EBITDA margin increased by 3.9% to 24.3% 
versus 20.4% in Q4 FY '23. This increase in EBITDA margin is on account of increase in gross 
margin of 2.6%, further aided by operational leverage due to strong revenue growth for the 
quarter.  
For FY '24, we have reported an EBITDA of INR2,550 crores, which is up by 33% year-on-year 
basis with an EBITDA margin of 24.7% as compared to 21.9% for  FY'23. This increase of 2.8% 
is primarily driven by increase in gross margin of 2.2%, and the balance is due to operating 
leverage and certain cost savings in the current fiscal year.  
The R&D expenses for the year are at INR223 crores, which is 2.2% of the revenue, is in line 
with our guidance of 2% to 2.5% of sales.  
In Q4 FY '24, the depreciation and amortization expenses increased to INR105 crores from 
INR85 crores in Q4 of the last year. And if we look at for the full year, the depreciation and 
amortization expenses increased to INR398 crores vis-a-vis INR326 crores in FY'23, which is 
primarily due to higher capitalization of completed projects, which included Udaipur plant 
getting operationalized in  Q2 FY'24. Further, we have taken some accelerated depreciation 
related to upgradation and expansion of the existing R&D site at Manesar to support future 
growth.  
The effective tax rate for FY'24 is close to 19.1% as compared to 21.6% during FY’23. The 
profit after tax for Q4 FY '24 increased by 62% year-on-year basis to INR477 crores with diluted 
EPS of INR11.7 per share of INR1 paid. The cash EPS, which is EPS adjusted for noncash items 
like depreciation and amortization was at INR14.4.  
For FY’24, PAT increased by 48% year-on-year to INR1,942 crores with diluted EPS of 
INR47.7 per share of INR1 paid, and the cash EPS stood at INR57.6.  

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
During the year, we witnessed strong cash flow from operations of INR2,152 crore due to 
operational efficiency, supported by a reduction in the net operating working capital base. 
 
As on March 31, 2024, the net cash position of the company stands at INR3,260 crores.  
The return on capital employed, excluding cash, increased to 34% in FY '24 as compared to 25% 
in FY '23. This is due to improvement in EBIT and cash generation during the FY’24.  
The return on equity ex-cash increased to 29% in FY '24 as compared to 23% last year, primarily 
due to increase in PAT percentage during FY’24. 
 
The total CapEx spending for FY’24 was at INR389 crores, which is less than 4% of the total 
revenue.  
For FY '25, we are retaining our guidance of EBITDA margin for the full year to be in the range 
of 25% to 26%. With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks, and now we can begin 
with the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie Capital. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
The EBITDA margin improvement that we have seen in this year, around 280 basis points for 
FY '24, would you be able to provide details as to how much would have come from the 
significant growth in export business versus the domestic business? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
So we haven't called out the separate segmentation for the export business and the export 
business has contributed to the top line. But if we compare it at the EBITDA margin, the impact 
is not that significant. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
But the margin in that business would have improved, right? Whatever it would have been in 
FY '23, would it have improved meaningfully in FY '24? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
So definitely, there is an improvement in the margin. But as we mentioned, it is not significant 
to be carved out or to be specifically highlighted. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And let's say, if we look at export business, so you're saying that the margin in export business 
is lower than the overall average? 
Arjun Juneja: 
I think the margin in the export business is almost at par with the company margin. It is not 
something, which is significantly adding to the overall margin of Mankind, but it will be at par 
with the company’s average EBITDA margin. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And at the gross margin level, would it be accretive, export business? 
Arjun Juneja: 
Export business at gross margin level is slightly lower than the domestic business, but the 
expenses in the export business are not as high as the domestic business. That's why, at EBITDA 
level, it's almost at par. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Perfect. And on the outlook -- yes, you're saying something. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So Kunal, the way to look at it is you should draw comfort from the guidance. As Ashutoshji 
said, there is not much contribution or significant contribution on the base business. Otherwise, 
we wouldn't have been comfortable there. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And the outlook for the domestic formulation and consumer business provided but on the 
export business, what is our expectation, what is built into our budgets in terms of growth? 
Arjun Juneja: 
Since the last couple of years, we had filed products. So the base business wasn't that big. That's 
why you're seeing a significant growth in the export business. But moving forward, we will get 
about 5 to 7 approvals every year. So we can expect about a growth of mid-teens to the export 
business. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
In terms of capital deployment, in terms of, let's say, adding a new plant, etc. for the export 
business, is there anything in plan or we would just focus on the plan that we have? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So there is no capital deployment, which is on the cards for export business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bansi from JPMorgan. 
Bansi: 
So firstly, on the modern trade, you've highlighted this year's modern trade has grown by 50%, 
was this more skewed towards second half? And therefore, how should we think about growth 
in fiscal '25? So would it be more normalized? And therefore, would the number track more 
closely to the secondary number that is reported in IQVIA? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So Bansi, FY '24, we grew by 50%, but FY '25, it will be normalized and aligned with whatever 
is the growth of modern trade in IPM. It will be aligned with them around 10% to 15% that is 
the guidance we gave. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
We were under-indexed, now we are reaching the index. So we should be aligned with the IPM. 
Bansi: 
Okay. Understood. That's clear. And on the growth breakup, so IQVIA number shows our 
volume growth is still negative for the full year, but if you can guide what do you see internally 
on your primary numbers as your volume growth fiscal '24? 
Sanjay Koul: 
So we have not done that exercise, but what we understand, if you look at the last 3 years, our 
volume growth is higher than the IPM volume growth. And last year, because of reasons such 
as a regulatory restriction on the sale of a product, number one. 
 
Number two, modern trade grew by 50%, where our contribution is only 6%. So this is probably 
not covered by IQVIA. So that is why our volume looks a little bit subdued. But having said 
that, if you look at April this year, we are again back to our original volume growth that is 1.3 x 
of IPM. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
First question is on the Consumer Healthcare business. I know you mentioned the mid-teens 
growth in the next year, if you could just give us some color on the confidence given the 2% 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
growth that we have done this year? I mean what was the business transformation that impacted? 
And if I were to adjust for that business transformation, probably what was the growth in 
Consumer Healthcare? Just trying to understand the confidence on the mid-teens. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Look at the confidence of Mankind by saying that we are carving out our Consumer division 
separately. That's why I’m so confident that this particular division will do very good, number 
one. 
 
Secondly, in the past, as we have informed earlier as well, the business was being run by head 
who was taking care of pharma and consumer side. So last year, we changed the pattern. Now, 
a specialist guy is leading consumer business. And by carving out, what basically happens this 
particular division needs different kind of DNA, different kind of working. We have done some 
kind of automation and digitization.  
 
At the same time, there are certain products in the pipeline, which give us some more confidence 
that this particular division will do good, mid-teens kind of a growth to us. 
 
I mean the confidence is so much that we are carving it out into a separate entity and the numbers 
will be separate. That gives the confidence to us. We are just too confident that this will do very 
good. Also, in number of platforms we have earlier said that this particular division is closest to 
our heart, because this has given Mankind lot of name and fame. This will do very good. 
Neha Manpuria: 
From a profitability perspective, would the Consumer Healthcare business margins be lower 
than corporate average? Would that be a right assumption? And as that ramps up, probably that 
margin gap narrows? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Yes. If you compare the EBITDA margins as compared to the company average, yes, they are 
lower than the company average. Having said that, there is some potential to match up to the 
company level in the near future for this business. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. And the second question is on the exports number. If I were to just look at the launches 
that you have done in the U.S. and the IQVIA data, is it fair to assume that all of the incremental 
growth that we've seen in FY '24 has been driven by the U.S. market? Or at least bulk of the 
incremental growth in year-on-year in FY '24 is the U.S.? Just trying to understand the U.S., 
non-U.S. mix in that number? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So if we were to just talk about the export numbers, the incremental growth is majorly from the 
U.S. number. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Just to add, the ROW business has also grown. And within the U.S. business, the base business 
is growing quarter-on-quarter every quarter. So that's the comfort you can draw. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Yes. And if that is the case, if bulk of business has come from the U.S., wouldn't the EBITDA 
margins be higher because there's not too much cost that is sitting below gross margins, right, 
for that U.S. growth? So I didn't quite understand the reason why the margins are similar to our 
corporate average. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Arjun Juneja: 
I mean because there are certain products which are OSD products which have significant 
competition. And there is a certain one-off product, which is able to compensate for that. So 
that's why we are saying that the margins are more or less similar. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Just again on the export business, do you think or foresee any competition for your one-off 
product in the coming year? 
Arjun Juneja: 
It's a very good question. It's very difficult to foresee competition because it's a generic product. 
It's not a patented or para 4 kind of a product. So we can't say that there will be no competition, 
but it would be safe to assume that competition can come in any time, we can't predict when. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, got it. And sir, second question is... 
Arjun Juneja: 
And at the same time, we need to understand that the base business in the U.S. is growing. So 
even if the competition comes in, there will be some impact on the growth in the U.S. business, 
but that will get compensated by the growth of the base business and certain new launches that 
will happen. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. So the mix of U.S. versus rest of the world, it is mostly towards the U.S. in FY '24. But 
in FY '25, you think that the rest of world markets will also pick up or the contribution from the 
U.S. is still higher? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So contribution from the U.S. will be still higher, but the growth from rest of the world would 
increase. So it would be safe to assume that the contribution from rest of the world would 
increase, but U.S. would still be significant. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Got it. And sir, on Dydrogesterone capacity utilization, if you can comment on that and how the 
demand is picking up for the product in India market? And if you can comment on the export 
market also if you're planning to do that? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So I'll answer for the plant first. So the plant was started last year in September, October 
timeframe. And the demand is fully serviced from this plant, where we have reached capacity 
utilization of about 60% or so. 
 
In terms of exports, we are in the process of filing this product in different markets, for which 
approval will take about a couple of years before we start selling them commercially. So yes, 
the plant is still underutilized and, there is enough capacity to serve for the export market as well 
as the domestic market. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And one more question, if I may, the fund raising of INR7,500 crores which the Board has 
approved. Any inorganic opportunity you are eyeing? In case it is, yes, anything is on cards or 
you're just looking at it? And what kind of size of acquisition you're looking at? If you can 
comment on that, it would be helpful. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Sheetal Arora: 
The news has come with just a market speculation. The same we have cleared to SEBI, 
yesterday, by giving a letter. And by saying that, it doesn't mean that we are not exploring 
opportunities in market for merger and acquisitions. We are definitely looking for the 
acquisition. But when the right time and right opportunity will come, definitely, we'll go for it. 
Right now it's just a speculation in the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal Asset Management. 
Atul Mehra: 
So basically, just on this enabling resolution of INR7,500 crores. Normally, like if you provide 
the specific number of INR7,500 crores, it would imply that there is some calculation that has 
gone behind this number. Maybe you are eyeing a particular target, which is in final stages of 
negotiation etc. So can you just basically walk us through what is the thought process of this 
enabling resolution of INR7,500 crores? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes. So the way to look at it is that we already had a resolution for investments of about 
INR10,500 crores. So we've raised, first of all, the debt resolution from INR10,500 crores to 
INR12,500 crores. And then in addition that we have added an enabling resolution for INR7,500 
crores. So we want to keep the war chest ready. 
 
As Sheetalji mentioned, if there's an asset that will come to us, we will evaluate, big and small 
assets. So in the past, you have seen we have acquired a large acquisition of Panacea, but we've 
also looked at some very small but very strategic acquisitions like Daffy, which is working very 
well; Combihale which is for respiratory that is working very well. So this is more like blanket 
approval, enabling resolution, which will help us to be ready for any big and small acquisition. 
Atul Mehra: 
Right. Got it, sir. Just one small follow-up on that. So I think in the past, the largest acquisition 
that we have done is about INR1,900-odd crores. So is there a time limit to the kind of acquisition 
that you might do in the future, like any particular number beyond which you would not go 
ahead and like the size will be too big for us to absorb? Is there an outer limit to the acquisition 
size that we can go ahead with? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Yes. So as we mentioned that it's a mix of both. So it's a mid of debt as well as equity. And the 
enabling resolution, which has been passed, the thought process is not to over leverage the 
balance sheet of the company and it should be the right mix of debt and equity. So that's how it 
should be perceived in that spirt and perspective. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Let me add something here. I mean, see, whenever Mankind has any time in the past promised, 
what we have said that we are in lookout for certain entities, but again very wisely towards 
chronic side, towards consumer side, towards certain things which can really add value to 
Mankind for our future growth and making sure that these products, these entities should have 
high entry barriers. 
 
But at no given point in time, we're hazed. It's like industry practice. Many pharma companies 
do the same. They basically create some kind of a war chest I mean takes certain permissions. 
So we are just learning the tricks from those people so that any point in time, if anything comes, 
we're ready for that. We don't come back again and speak about these things. That's one reason. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
I mean this is the first year of Mankind, and we see a lot of IPO companies how they practice, 
so we keep learning from these companies. That's the only thing. No haze. No hurry. 
Atul Mehra: 
I totally get your point sir. Just normally what happens is basically most companies, they tend 
to add like by the size of how big acquisition that they're eyeing, in terms of, able to do it. So 
from that perspective, I was checking like is there an outer limit for example, if you were to 
acquire something, if the entity maybe it should be not more than INR8,000 crores, INR10,000 
crores. Is there a limit to? 
Moderator: 
Atul, your audio is not clear. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
No. I totally understand that. See, Atul, there is no outer limit. It is always, I mean it depends 
upon opportunity. It can be, I mean, an INR100 crores opportunity, it can be an INR1,000 crores 
opportunity. But again, I mean anything and everything which would add some kind of value to 
Mankind, some kind of a product with an entry barrier, on chronic side, consumer side, you can 
look out for that. 
 
I mean why we should put some kind of a limit. This is not kind of a shopping spree we are on. 
Anything right opportunity, look in the past, Panacea is the biggest one. In the past, people forget 
Combihale, Daffy and other products, which were very, reasonably low priced. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
and just to add the financial discipline like Ashutosh ji mentioned, so just to avoid over leverage, 
we have given the enabling resolution for equity. So any given point of time, the debt-to-equity 
and debt-to-EBITDA ratios will be well within the limits so that's the financial comfort we can 
give. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. 
Amey Chalke: 
Congratulations to the management for good set of numbers. The first question I have is on the 
new product launches. Our growth contribution has been around 3% for last consecutive 2 years. 
So is it possible for you to give more color on the new product launches in terms of therapies, 
molecules, etc? And how it looks like for the next 2, 3 years? 
 
And the second question I have on the pricing side. We are already I believe we must have taken 
price hike for this year. Like the last year, we understood that the raw material prices had gone 
up. The price hike components may have been on the higher side. So this year, the raw material 
prices have gone down significantly. So how does it look like for this year, the price growth 
component for our business? 
Sanjay Koul: 
The first question first. So if you look at the new launches, which we have planned, we believe 
that 3.5% to 4% contribution in growth is going to come from new products. We have some lead 
products, which have been launched or in the process of being launched. 
 
NOBEGLAR is one that is in antidiabetic segment. We have in pain and analgesic, polmacoxib 
that is first of its kind anti-inflammatory analgesic. Besides this, we have Symbicort, which we 
believe is a big bet for us. So we have another for product that is for haemorrhoids management 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
that recently was added in the INR50 crore bracket, and we believe these are the products which 
are going to be big bets for us. This is the answer to your query number one. 
 
Second was the price increase. Last year because of wholesale price index, we could leverage 
more than 5% of contribution coming from price increase. This year we believe the price 
increase component in overall growth is going to be between 4% to 5%? 
Arjun Juneja: 
But having said that, we also need to understand that Mankind's overall portfolio in price control 
is only 15%. So if the inflation, the wholesale price index doesn't go by that much, it's not going 
to affect our price increase because the non-scheduled formulations, we keep taking 10% price 
hike as and when the one year gets completed of that. So there will be price increase more or 
less similar to last year. It could be down by 1-odd-percent, but it would be more or less similar. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh from Bandhan AMC. 
Harsh: 
Most of my questions are answered, but if you could help us understand a little bit more on 
Panacea Biotec the FY '24 growth as well as what is happening on the ground or maybe some 
numbers as well. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
So whatever brands in the company we took from Panacea, everything has been fantastic, growth 
is in the vicinity of more than 25% plus. They have one product, Glizid, which has crossed 
INR100 crores sales.  
Sitcom is another brand, which is for haemorrhoids. We have bet very heavy on that. That's a 
patent product as well. All-in-all, it is a very successful acquisition. We're very happy with the 
performance of all the brands of Panacea.  
Even the transplant division is also doing fantastic, which is very niche. When we took Panacea, 
we asked ourselves, can we make this kind of a division, the answer was no, and that's one reason 
we went for this. 
 
So we are very cognizant to the fact, that what we cannot build ourselves, then only we look out, 
otherwise, no. We have such a big feild force any time for a me-too product or a simple product, 
we can go for it. Sanjay also missed one thing that the Symbicort is one product, Mankind is the 
only company to which Astra Zeneca has given the distribution rights for their global brand, 
Symbicort. 
 
That's the kind of a confidence they kept in us. Last year, it was a different brand, in-licensed 
product, Neptaz was there. And very soon, we will give you news in the next quarter as well. 
One more in-license will happen. So people see us as a vibrant, aggressive company. That's one 
thing and we'll keep giving you good news like this in the future as well. 
Harsh: 
Sure. And just to sort of, again, bridge the gap between the FY '25 margin guidance, let's say, 
even if the export sales, because it is generics and heavy cyclically dependent number. Let's say, 
the numbers were to remain flattish, we would still be able to achieve that threshold of 25% to 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
26% margin, right? Because a lot of the levers that we might be building in might be India driven 
to that extent. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes. I think the observation is correct. See, 90% plus business is still domestic. If you see the 
growth already highlighted is outperforming IPM by about 1.3x. So you'll definitely see a better 
growth and operating leverage to kick in through that. And that's why the margin guidance is 1 
notch above versus what was given 24% to 26%, now it is 25% to 26%.  
And the levers to that is higher chronic. So chronic, as you know, that we've already seen a 160 
basis point improvement, Y-o-Y. This will every year see some improvement, which is higher-
margin portfolio. 
 
You are seeing increase in number of INR100 crores and INR50 crore brand. So once it reaches 
a threshold of INR50 - 100 crore brand, the incremental effort is lesser, the productivity and 
profitability is better. Plus the third important metric is MR productivity. So there also, it has 
improved from 6.1 last year to now 6.5. And as we speak with higher growth, that metrics will 
continue to grow and that typically drops down to the EBITDA margin. So these are the 3 big 
levers in the domestic business apart from the new launches, the in-licensing, etc, which will 
give a better flavor and also the new divisions. 
 
I think you asked about Panacea, so apart from transplant where it already access to new set of 
doctors, we have now recently launched our urology division that gives a new set of products, 
new set of doctors. So these are the new white spaces we are addressing, which will help us grow 
and eventually have better margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital. 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Congrats again on a good set of numbers. I have a question on our manufacturing strategy. So I 
think it was mentioned in the RHP that roughly 25% of our manufacturing is by a contract 
manufacturer so I want to understand, number one, is it still at similar levels? And do we want 
to maintain the mix or increase outsourcing? And second, is this split amongst a lot of players 
sort of fragmented supply base? Or is it consolidated amongst a few large suppliers for us? 
Arjun Juneja: 
Correct. I mean, our manufacturing strategy is still the same. More than 75% of our products are 
manufactured in-house. And we keep continuing to shift the products from contract 
manufacturers as and when they become slightly big or meaningful to move them in-house 
because of 2, 3 reasons. We have better control over the supply chain. We have better control 
over the pricing of the product. 
 
But having said that, there will be about 20%, 25% of our products, which will continue to be 
manufactured at contract manufacturers because, A), we might not be having those types of 
manufacturing facilities in-house. B) We might not be having those kind of skill sets in-house. 
But having said that, we ensure that the quality standards of these contract manufacturers are at 
par with our in-house manufacturing facilities. We have a lot of big contract manufactures, who 
manufacture for us, where the quality standards are as per schedule M and WHO guidelines. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Nitesh Dutt: 
Got it, sir. How many partners do we particularly have? 
Arjun Juneja: 
It would be difficult to say right now. I don't have any exact number, but there is a good set of 
partners that we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang from Old Bridge Mutual Fund. 
Tarang: 
Congrats on an extremely good set of Q4 and full year numbers. I'm perhaps extending a line of 
questions around capital allocation. The business has about INR3,000 crores cash in books. 
Going forward, what business segments and geographies could this and perhaps additional 
capital will be put to use to grow our business from here on? And second, given the traction in 
the exports business, how serious are you about this business? Would you be open to, say, an 
international acquisition? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So I will answer the second question first on the export business. I mean if you see our R&D 
expenses are about 2 - 2.5% of our revenues every year. If one were to really ramp up the export 
business, these R&D expenses need to go significantly up, as you must have seen in the books 
of our peers. So we've always maintained in the past that majority of the business, more than 
90% of the business will continue to be domestic. 
 
Export business would be less than 10% of the overall numbers of Mankind. And we are not 
looking at any acquisition outside of India. 
Tarang: 
Okay. And overall, I mean, within what business segments, from a strategic standpoint, if you 
could give us some direction, what you want to probably, move in towards therapies, which 
increased chronic share in your business, just some light? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So if you see overall, I mean, till about a few years back, Mankind's covered market share was 
about 60%. But in the last few years, our covered market share has increased from 67% at the 
time when we were IPO-ing. And now it is about 69%. So you've seen that there are white spaces 
in the portfolio, which Prakash mentioned, which were in the field of neuropsychiatry, which 
we're trying to fill out, which was urology, which was filled up now, which was nephrology, and 
then oncology, critical care products were there. 
 
So we're trying to fill up those white spaces and launching products in those business segments. 
And the endeavour is to reach the covered market share of around 72% to 75%, where most of 
our peers are sitting. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
And one more point, if I may. So within the therapy like diabetes, we didn't have these insulin 
pens. So fiscal '24, we introduced the pen. So if you are present in therapy, but not the sub-
therapy, we are doing that also. In respiratory, we were not there in inhalers. Now we are 
significantly present in inhalers. So that's also the white space within the therapy that we are 
expanding. 
Tarang: 
Okay. Last, I mean, gross margin expansion has been pretty decent for FY '24? Do you intend 
for this to stay here? Or do you think probably cool off a bit? 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Arjun Juneja: 
So if you see historically, our gross margins have increased year-on-year, barring a couple of 
years where the raw material prices significantly went up. We are taking price increases 
wherever possible, if you see our price increase was also to the tune of 4 - 5%. So, I mean we 
don't see any significant jump in the RM prices over the next couple of quarters. So we see some 
jump in the gross margins, as you might have seen over the last couple of years. 
Tarang: 
So no significant jump in RM prices for the next 2 quarters, and we'll continue to take price 
increases where you can, correct? 
Arjun Juneja: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie Capital. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
So on the EBITDA margin, while we have given the guidance for the next year, but let's say 
when we think beyond FY '25, '26, '27, how do you expect our profitability to move in the next 
3, 4 years? Some of our peers with a good chronic contribution, could be meaningfully higher 
currently as compared to us. Do we aspire to be in that league where our EBITDA margin could 
be 35% plus 5 years down the line? 
Arjun Juneja: 
So Kunal, I mean if you see our chronic portfolio till about a few years back was around 30% or 
so. I mean there is significant work which is going on to improve our chronic share. Even this 
year we’ve seen our chronic share has gone up to 36%. And the chronic margins are definitely 
better than the acute margins. 
 
And with the chronic share going up maybe in the near term to about 40%, in the long term to 
about 45%, 50%, we see improvement in the EBITDA margins happening, and there will be 
operating leverage because of productivity increase that you are seeing, which is happening year-
on-year. So definitely, there is going to be improvement in the EBITDA margins.  
But having said that, we should not just look at Mankind with EBITDA margin improvement. 
There is going to be improvement in the EBITDA margin, but we, as a company, would always 
want to go for growth, and we will invest for growth. So there has to be a balance between 
investment into growth and EBITDA margins improvement in a steady way. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. So do we expect our field force, etc, at least in the next couple of years? And what is the 
current numbers? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
You see, I mean, whenever there has been an increase in our field force, it is always very 
balanced. Whichever therapy areas we are not there, we go for it. On the basis of that, we expect 
approximately, 700 to 900 people can be increased this year, I mean not individually, in different 
quarters. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. And what is the current number, sir? 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Again, not to forget that, whenever we increase, we make sure one thing that the productivity at 
no point should go down. Look at last year productivity, it was 6.5 versus last to last year, it was 
6.1% despite of increase in field force. So we basically maintain this kind of a balance that we 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
should really increase productivity along with number of people keeping in mind the 
productivity and the area of therapy in which we are not present. 
Sheetal Arora: 
And to add to this point, since 2019 till now, we have increased 3,000 plus field force, and our 
productivity has gone up in the last 3, 4 years. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Current number is 16,000 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
including the first-line managers? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
And without that, the pure MR number? 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
12,500. 
Moderator: 
The Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities. . 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, historically, if we look at our track record before Panacea, we have always had a slightly 
conservative mindset when it comes to M&A and now we believe that there is no outer limit for 
any potential acquisition. So it would be helpful if you can elaborate on what has driven this 
change in approach? 
Sheetal Arora: 
Yes, you are absolutely right, being a company which has a conservative mindset, but after 
acquisition of Panacea, Biotec, Daffy and Combihale, we have seen, we have become very 
successful. Because we have been very successful, so right now the time has come that definitely 
we will go for a merger and acquisition and... 
Rajeev Juneja: 
And let me add on this. One thing you must have seen that we are very conservative. So that 
DNA would never go away, one. Any time we think of any kind of an M&A, one thing is clear 
in our head that it should really add value to Mankind's products. It should not be just to add 
revenue. It should have some kind of entry barrier, it should be in chronic or consumer side. 
 
And whatever we had said in the past, whether it was consumer, chronic, whatever, you see that 
outcome is there in front of you. Every year, we are adding 1.5% share increase in our chronic 
side because we said that. We acquire those companies like that. So we are very strategical in 
this. It can be small or big, depending upon the opportunity. 
 
Sometimes the opportunity is imminent, that's one reason. Again, we have taken inspiration from 
some of the pharma companies, which just keep this war chest ready so that you don't really end 
up wasting time. That's the only thing. We are not in a hurry. We'll not do something in rush. 
We are always very cognizant to the fact that lot of investors have, amazing faith in Mankind. 
So that is really making us more responsible. 
Alankar Garude: 
That's reassuring sir. And maybe one follow-up, is there any outer limit on debt-to-equity or 
debt-to-EBITDA when it comes to any M&A? 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Rajeev Juneja: 
So I mean, again as Ashutosh ji mentioned, we will always make sure that at no given point in 
time, the EBITDA of Mankind is being impacted by the interest. So being a conservative 
company, will make sure that it will always be 50-50 sort of a thing. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes. I mean in terms of numbers, we are talking about debt-to-EBITDA, not exceeding around 
2 - 2.5x. So that financial discipline will be maintained 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. Sorry, sir, you were saying something, I missed that. 
Ashutosh Dhawan: 
Just to add to what Prakash ji has said that we will be mindful in over leveraging to the sense 
that it should not impact the ratings of the company. So that financial strength should be 
maintained. So it's going to be a combination of cash on the books, the debt and the equity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Kadam from Canara Robeco. 
Amit Kadam: 
So my question is, again, in the extension of what Alankar asked. Again, on that particular capital 
allocation strategy, because this is something which we are really curious about to know. The 
question is on the payback side. So assuming because we don't know the kind of acquisition you 
desire to do because there is no outer limit. 
 
But also, you mentioned about the debt-to-EBITDA kind of thing, Prakash just mentioned. But 
just wanted to understand, based on your previous acquisitions, small and large, whatever, what 
was the payback periods you usually target from such kind of acquisition? That's the only 
question from my end. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So we are commenting on one thing, which is from a qualitative side, which is high entry 
barriers, synergistic benefits as well as complementary catering to the white space that we 
discussed. On the quantitative side, we have talked about that we'll not over leverage. We'll 
maintain the debt-to-EBITDA and debt-to-equity ratio. 
 
From other financial parameters, I think it's a combination of all these things put together that 
will lead to that decision. And there is nothing imminent, I think the street is reading too much 
into it, when the right time and right thing comes, then only we are going to take it. Otherwise, 
the financial discipline is very important for this company. 
Amit Kadam: 
Yes. So basically, that number, we are not right now calling out, that's a fair assumption? Or 
should... 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes, I mean, it depends on the asset, the size, the cash flows. I mean there are multiple things. 
So there is nothing on imminent, so we can't call it out. 
Ashutosh Agarwal: 
Just to complement what Prakash ji has said that we are mindful of whatever the opportunities 
are there, it should not be EBITDA dilutive. It should not be a return on capital employed 
dilutive. So those are the parameters we give very high weightage to while evaluating the assets. 
Amit Kadam: 
Okay. That's okay in that... 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Let me add one more thing, as Prakash said, the Street is reading too much. We have not gone 
for anything until now. I mean there are lot of speculation in the market. I mean TV start 
reporting certain things. And that really happens. I mean that's just to create some kind of buzz 
in the market for their own reasons and benefits. We have not gone for anything... 
Amit Kadam: 
I understand, but looking to our current EBITDA of INR2,500 crores to INR3,000-odd crores 
will do and then are mentioning that where our debt ceilings are in terms of debt-to-EBITDA of 
2x to 2.5x. It just gives me a particular indication that debt requirement, if at all, for any 
acquisition, shouldn't be more than INR5,000 cores to INR6,000-odd crores. 
 
And then when we are taking such kind of enabling resolution of like INR12,500 crores, it just 
confused me. And then along with it, for all those things and just on a side-line, if there is some 
news article that has been floated, it just confuses the investors so wanted more clarity about our 
capital allocation strategy because you also, on one hand said that we don't want to go too much 
into export. The export should be less than 10%, where usually those kind of acquisitions are 
asset heavy, but domestic side usually are more on the acquisition of brands etc., which are like 
intangible. So then where such kind of large enabling resolution was heading us to, was a little 
confusion from the investor's point of view. But I guess I got part of my answers, and then we'll 
just take it later. 
Prakash Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on the respiratory division, which was launched in 2021. So currently, how many MRs 
would be there, and it's heartening to know that we've got this Symbicort in the portfolio. So if 
you could just elaborate in terms of number of MRs? And what kind of deal does Astra Zeneca 
have with us? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
So one point, respiratory is not a new division for us. We are top 5 player in respiratory, its just 
that we are more on the oral solid side, syrup side, where we have a lot of cough syrups and 
other products. We were talking about the new chronic respiratory where, apart from these 
products, there are a lot of chronic products and inhaler products that has been introduced. 
Allergy products have been introduced. So it's very difficult to call, say that respiratory had this 
many MRs. 
 
We can give you, on a one-to-one, what is the new division of respiratory. Just give a number 
about, I think it should be around 200 to 300, but we'll come back to you. That's not an issue. 
But let's be clear that the respiratory division was not 2021. It’s just one of the chronic respiratory 
that came in 2021. I hope it's clear. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got you. But even on the size wise, at least as far as the therapeutic composition is given in the 
presentation, respiratory is 5% of domestic business, which comes to almost about INR500 
crores, right? So is that the right way to understand respiratory? 
Prakash Agarwal: 
It is 9%, yes. If you see the presentation, it is 9%. 

 
Mankind Pharma Limited 
 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Due to time concern, that will be the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Juneja: 
Thank you so much for all the questions and answers and for your patient listening.  
Prakash Agarwal: 
Yes, if there are any follow-ups, you can reach to Abhishek, myself or Ashutosh ji. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Mankind Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
This transcript has some minor edits to enhance the understanding and readability and does not purport to be a verbatim 
record of the proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
 
