May 17, 2024
Online intimation/submission
The Secretary
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street
Mumbai-400 001
Security Code: 505200
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No.C/1,
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai-400 051
Symbol: EICHERMOT
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call
Dear Sir/Madam,
Further to our letter dated May 3, 2024 intimating the schedule of the conference call held on
Saturday, May 11, 2024, please find attached transcript of the aforesaid conference call, held inter
alia to discuss financial results for the fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024,
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The same is also available on the
website of the Company www.eichermotors.com.
The conference call started after approval of the financial results for the fourth quarter & financial
year ended March 31, 2024 by the Board.
You are requested to take the same on your records
Thanking you,
For Eicher Motors Limited
Atul Sharma
Company Secretary
Encl: As above
Eicher Motors Limited
Corporate Office:
#96, Sector – 32
Gurugram – 122001
Haryana, India
Tel +91 124 4415600
Registered Office
CIN: L34102DL1982PLC129877
3rd Floor – Select Citywalk
A – 3, District Centre, Saket
New Delhi – 110 017, India
Tel +91-11-41095173, Email: info@eichermotors.com
ATUL SHARMA 
2024.05.17 12:55:15 
+05'30'

 
 
 
“Eicher Motors Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 11, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIDDHARTHA LAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EICHER MOTORS LIMITED 
MR. B GOVINDARAJAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - ROYAL 
ENFIELD LIMITED 
MS. VIDHYA SRINIVASAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – EICHER 
MOTORS LIMITED 
MR. VINOD AGGRAWAL – MD & CEO, VE COMMERCIAL 
VEHICLES LTD 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Hi, all. Welcome to Eicher Motors Limited Post-Q4 FY '24 Results Conference Call. We 
have with us the senior management of Eicher Motors, represented by Mr. Siddhartha Lal, 
MD and CEO, Eicher Motors Limited; Mr. Vinod Aggarwal, MD and CEO of VECV; Mr. 
B. Govindarajan, CEO of Royal Enfield; Mrs. Vidhya Srinivasan, CFO, Eicher Motors 
Limited. Thanks again to the management for giving us the opportunity to host the call. 
 
Without wasting any time, over to the senior management for their initial comments. 
 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Thank you, Basudeb, and ICICI for hosting this for us. And hello, everyone, and welcome to 
the earnings call for Eicher Motors Limited for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
So we've had an absolutely stellar year at Eicher Motors with consistent and solid growth 
through the year, and we've grown from strength-to-strength each quarter, and marking new 
milestones in business and financial performance. 
 
I'm going to begin with our update on Royal Enfield. Again, an absolutely fantastic year 
where we've maintained our lead and our dominance in the premium motorcycle segment 
and have closed the year with 9.12 lakh motorcycles. So that's the best performance we've 
ever had in a year. Had some absolute category defining launches this year. We introduced 
the Himalayan on our new engine platform, on the Sherpa 450. And we've seen absolutely 
tremendous response from consumers in India and around the world, and from critics and 
media and in sales as well. 
 
So on the product development and manufacturing and quality front, we've continued to 
push the boundaries and are now absolutely amongst the best in the world, which is evident 
from the fact that we've got the world's best cruiser and possibly the world's best adventure 
motorcycle also, based on all the inputs and all the awards we've got, which is the Super 
Meteor 650 and the new Himalayan 450. 
 
And of course, the Himalayan also won the Indian Motorcycle of the Year in 2024, which is 
the most important award because it involves the largest group and a very large group of 
motorcycle journalists who come up with this. It's a single award. And this is our fourth 
Indian Motorcycle of the Year in the last six years. So we've dominated that single award 
that's given to the best Motorcycle of the Year. 
 
We've also made great strides in our EV journey in the last year and we have a very solid 
not only single product, but a range thought process. We have really built our development 
capabilities, our technology, our technical teams and now even our commercial teams are 
really being built up. And we're working on a very solid differentiated portfolio and lineup 
for EV, which will come in the right time, in due time. 
 
Coming to VECV, our joint venture with Volvo for commercial vehicles, we've had our 
highest ever sales for the Eicher truck and bus division for Volvo trucks for VE powertrains, 
where we sell engines to Volvo Group around the world. And in our Components business 
and our Power Solutions business, these all verticals of VE commercial vehicles. 
 
And on the EV front, at VECV, we've delivered over 230 electric buses so far, and 75 
Eicher Pro 2055 EV trucks. So we are making strong progress on the EV front and 
deliveries and tracking how the vehicles are going, which is very good. We also showcased 
a new electric small commercial vehicle at the Bharat Mobility Show earlier this year. So 
we are entering into the small commercial vehicle segment, which is the 2 to 3.5 tons. And 
the first vehicle in that VECV for Eicher will be an electric vehicle. So yes, the whole 
category is extremely new for VECV, and so is the EV first type of programme. But this is a 
category where Eicher brand has a lot of salience, a lot of brand equity because of our 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
strength in light and medium duty as well. So we're very hopeful that we'll make a big 
impact in this very large market of small commercial vehicles. 
 
We also made huge progress in our sustainability journey. Our most ambitious social 
mission project, which is the Himalayan Hub, went live at Theog in Himachal. So we have 
fellowships, we have hubs for circularity, for experimentation for let's say, responsible 
travel. These are the kind of areas that we're looking at to develop over the years for 
sustainable travel and sustainability in the Himalayas. We also had another very important 
project called Himalayan Knot, which is about strengthening indigenous heritage textiles in 
the Himalayas, and along with the Himalayan artisans and communities being closer to 
urban designers and urban markets and brighter community. So that's gone on well. We also 
concluded the second edition of the great Himalayan exploration, in partners with 
UNESCO, which is the concept there is to document and conserve the intangible cultural 
heritage. In this case, we are doing it in the eight states of the Eastern Himalayas, where 
we've documented this year, over 45 different intangible cultural heritage elements for 
posterity, for future, for reference, for support. So it's a very exciting project. 
 
Well, now coming to the financials. We've had another record-breaking performance. So we 
have a lot of best evers coming up in revenue and EBITDA and PAT. So the consolidated 
financials for Eicher Motors Limited for fourth quarter and for the full-year. We've had a 
highest ever revenue for eight quarters in a row now, and resulting in highest ever annual 
revenue in EML. 
 
So for Q4, revenue for EML stood at ₹4,256 crores, up 12% from last year. For the full-
year, EML revenue stood at ₹16,536 crores, up 14.5%. And if you take the ₹16,536 crores 
for EML consolidated, and then you add VECV, which is not part of the first figure, and 
VECV is ₹21,459 crores. So the combined revenue on both RE and VECV, so if you look at 
the group level, is nearly $4 billion combined revenue last year. 
 
Our EBIT profits have grown year-on-year and sequentially, and we registered the highest 
ever PAT and EBITDA for the quarter as well. The EBITDA is ₹829 crores, up 21% for the 
quarter. And for the year, it's ₹4,327 crores, up 26%. So solid growth in EBITDA, both for 
the quarter and for the year. The EBITDA margin is at 26.5% for the quarter, that's 2 
percentage points higher than last year and 26.2% for the full-year, which is against 23.8%. 
So it's substantially higher than the previous year now. Our PAT is at ₹1,070 crores, up 
18%. And for the full-year, we got ahead of of the 4,000 mark at Rs 4,001 up 37.3%. So 
solid numbers overall, as far as we're concerned, from EML. 
 
And now I hand over to Govind, the CEO of Royal Enfield to you give you a little bit more 
insight and detail on the Royal Enfield business performance. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Thank you, Siddhartha. Hello, everyone. Good afternoon. Thanks for joining in a Saturday. 
All of us at Royal Enfield are super proud of the several milestones we have achieved in the 
year 23-24. Not only have we seen exceptional performance for Q4, we have also sustained 
strong growth momentum throughout the year in all quarters, despite a lot of actions, which 
you would have seen in the middleweight segment. 
 
During this quarter, we sold 2,27,925 motorcycles, which is up by 6.2% on Y-o-Y basis. For 
the financial year, as Siddhartha mentioned, we sold about 912,000 motorcycles, which is 
compared to last year, which was only about 8,34,700 motorcycles. This is our highest ever 
volumes in the country, India. With this, we have surpassed our pre-COVID level and have 
maintained the robust growth momentum, with about 30% market share in more than 125cc 
category. And our motorcycle market share is almost about 7.2% on an overall basis. 
 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
In the international markets, we recorded a sale of 77,209 units. Despite weak macro 
backdrop, which you all know, our retail sales in the international markets remain on a 
steady growth track across the regions in this year FY '24. As a result, we have maintained 
our market share in the middleweight segment across the market outside India, too. During 
this year, we forayed into some new countries like Turkey, which has a strong market 
relation for motorcycling. 
 
On manufacturing, just to add, we have produced 9.2 lakh motorcycle this year, which is, 
once again, highest ever production with high quality fit and finish motorcycles for the 
globe. Our plants are continuing to create new benchmark in efficiency, automation and 
manufacturing excellence. Our Oragadam plant at Chennai was awarded the future-ready 
factory by Frost & Sullivan. And we also received the Excellence in Operations and Smart 
Factory of the Year in 2023. 
 
We achieved our highest ever revenue from the non-motorcycle business, given we are 
expanding service reach, robust growth in accessories and widening range of apparels and 
adding more SKUs in the accessories business.  
 
Throughout the year, we steadily elevated pure motorcycling experiences for our customers, 
with the introduction of programmes such as Assured Buyback, REOWN, and tours and 
rentals, which are already gaining traction now. Consumer response to these programmes 
has been very, very encouraging to us, and we will continue to enhance these initiatives. 
This year, we also introduced two connected motorcycle systems, with advanced telematics 
and navigation capabilities on our motorcycles. The tripper dash on our all new Himalayan 
Sherpa Platform motorcycle, and the WINGMAN, the rider centre connecting motorcycles 
in Super Meteor to start with. 
 
Motoverse this year hosting the spirit of motorcycling in every sense of the world. Over 
three action packed days of music, motorcycling, art, culture, the 13th edition witnessed the 
participation of more than 15,000 attendees from across the globe. And during that time, we 
also unveiled the Shotgun 650 and announced the surprise of Himalayan, which all have fit 
in the market very well.  
 
Under the sustainability initiative on the social mission, which Siddhartha mentioned about 
what we are doing at Himalayas at and green operation business level, I would like to share 
with you. We have achieved zero liquid discharge in all our operations and all our plants 
and our warehouses are all net water positive, with an index of almost 3.23 in Oragadam and 
2.02 in Vallam. We have been constantly working on improving the renewable energy 
usage. And during this year, further, we enhanced that, and we have 35% of total 
consumption onto the renewable energy. 
 
We were looking at constantly on reduction of carbon emissions. This year, we had to get 
target of achieving 20% reduction compared to last year, and it has been completely on 
track. On the product end of vehicle study, we wanted to do that to understand the 
recyclability, recoverability and reusability. And we started off with our Twins Platform and 
now we are doing for the rest of the products also. Happy to share with you that the 
reusability and the parts of our motorcycle are more than 98%. And the recoverable is also 
equally the same. And we are working on complete usability and recoverability parts we 
used in the motorcycle. With the successful launches last year, we are well on our way to 
ride ahead on our strategic goals, with several more products, which are lined up. We have 
given up to continue this growth journey in India and across the globe. 
 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
In conclusion, we had a very great year and have an even better one planned in the coming 
year. And now I'll hand it over to Vinod Aggarwal to take you through the VECV 
presentation. Over to you. 
 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Govind, and a very good afternoon to all of you. As Siddhartha mentioned, 
financial year '24 has been a record year for us on all fronts. Let me begin with the financial 
performance for the quarter as well as for the year. We had, overall quarter four sales were 
25,732 units. And of course, for the full-year, we had 85,560 units as against last full-year of 
79,623 units. So with a growth of 7.5% for the full-year. If you look at the industry, industry 
had grown by 4%. So therefore, since we have done better than the industry, we have 
improved in market shares in most of our segments. 
 
As far as the revenues are concerned, our revenues rose to ₹6,275 crores in quarter four. 
And of course, for the full-year, our revenues stand at now at ₹21,868 crores over last year 
full-year revenue of ₹18,952 crores with a full-year growth of 15.4%. As far as EBITDA 
margin is concerned, we had an EBITDA margin of ₹486 crores for the quarter. And for the 
full-year, we had EBITDA margins of ₹1,715 crores as against last year full-year EBITDA 
margins of ₹1,387 crores with the growth of 23.6%. And EBITDA margin for the quarter 
was 7.85% and 8% for full-year as against 7.5% for financial year '23. Profit after tax, while 
₹242 crores for quarter four and ₹823 crores for financial year '24, which is a growth of 42% 
from ₹579 crores in the previous year, financial year '23.  
 
And we achieved highest-ever Q4 sales for Eicher heavy-duty trucks at 6,476 for Eicher 
brand and 500 plus for the Volvo brand. And for the full-year, we have heavy-duty trucks 
sales of 23,660 as against last year of 20,675 units. So with a growth of 14.4% as against the 
industry growth of 4% in heavy-duty trucks. So with this 23,660 units, our market share in 
heavy-duty trucks has gone up to 9.2% for the full-year. And of course, if you look at the 
quarter four market share, quarter four market share for heavy-duty trucks was close to 10%, 
which indicates that we are well on our journey to become a bigger and bigger player in the 
heavy-duty truck market. 
 
As far as the light and medium-duty trucks are concerned, we sold 11,033 units in the 
quarter achieving again our highest-ever market share of 35.8% in the light and medium-
duty trucks for quarter four. For full-year, we sold 38,712 light and medium-duty trucks as 
against last full-year of 37,318 units with a growth of 3.7%. As against this, the market has 
dropped by 5.9%. So based on that, our market share in light and medium-duty trucks also, 
it improved to 34.7%. And of course, in almost four months in the full-year, we were the 
market leaders in light and medium-duty trucks, which is again, a very good development. 
 
As far as the bus segment is concerned, we sold 6,090 units in quarter four. And of course, 
these were our highest-ever sales in the buses. And for the full-year, we have sold 17,620 
units of buses as against 15,077 in the previous year, with a growth of 16% plus. And of 
course, we continue to do very well as far as the parts business is concerned, with the 
overall sale of ₹574 crores in quarter four, with a growth of more than 24%. And of course, 
apart from that, our V powertrain, which is our euro 6 engine where we export these engines 
to Volvo Group. That unit is also doing very well. We delivered 15,717 units in quarter four, 
which again are the highest ever. 
 
And of course, we achieved quite a few awards last year. And of course, we also were 
ranked number one in dealer satisfaction survey consistently for three years in a row. And 
we also won customer satisfaction awards for heavy-duty trucks as number one. And in light 
and medium-duty trucks also as number one in the customer satisfaction survey, which was 
conducted by GfK, which is again a very, very credible achievement. And we were also 
given a CV maker of the year recognition at 2023 Apollo Tyres CV Award. And we were 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
also we also won six other product-related awards, again, acknowledging our efficient range 
of trucks and buses. 
 
And of course, as we all know, over five years ago, VECV became the first CV 
manufacturer to offer connected telematics as a standard. Over these years, we have built on 
this connected ecosystem to deliver artificial intelligence and machine learning-based 
remote and predictive diagnostics to customers thereby delivering uptime to them. 
 
On the sustainability front, as you are aware, that we are one of the strong players in the 
CNG fuel-based trucks. We have also entered LNG fuel-based trucks in both Volvo brand 
as well as Eicher brand. We are working on H2ICE technology. We are working on 
hydrogen fuel cells. So therefore, we are working on all these future alternate fuel 
technologies. And all our existing digital vehicles, they comply with all the strict current 
BS-VI, OBD2 standards. And then, of course, we are committed to increase the use of 
renewable energy and energy efficiency at our plants and operations. We have also 
implemented water saving measures and are aiming to reduce water usage per vehicle by 
5%. I now hand over back to Siddhartha for any last remarks. 
 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Yeah. Thank you very much, Govind, and thank you very much, Vinod. It's been an 
absolutely fantastic year for EML, for VECV. And as we step into this year, which we're 
already in, we are really confident that we'll continue to grow. And we have a lot of 
interesting things planned ahead. 
 
Royal Enfield's performance and success last year was particularly special as we achieved 
all of that in the light of huge, let's say, push of new wave of competition. And it's our 
dedication to the motorcycling and to premium motorcycling. It's our extreme focus and of 
course, we believe our products are a step ahead. And we've always, even though the 
product cycle is four to five years in terms of conceptualising to being on the road, we've 
always been a step ahead of competition, even when new competitions come in. We've 
already anticipated consumer demand more than competition and been ahead of the curve. 
But then it's well beyond that. I think for us, as a lot of you know that it's the entire holistic 
consumer experience. That's what we are obsessed about at Royal Enfield. That's what we 
think about daily, more than competition, more than investors, more than anything else we 
think of our consumers and we, ourselves, Govindarajan, myself, we're on the motorcycles, 
riding, understanding, future bikes, competition bikes, EV bikes and our whole team. We're 
absolutely obsessed and we're focused on that consumer experience and understanding them 
better on understanding their pains, understanding their joys, understanding what will 
motivate them because we do it ourselves. And that's the difference. It's a holistic really, 
really detailed thoughtful experience that we provide our consumers. And we continue to 
remain super focused on doing just that.  
 
So that's just an update from all three of us. Thank you very much for listening. And now 
we're open for some questions. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks, sir. For Q&A session, requesting participants to raise their hands and also 
requesting each to limit their questions to two per participant. So first question is from 
Gunjan Prithyani, requesting you to, unmute. 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is on the Royal Enfield side. If 
you can share a little bit more in terms of, what are we seeing on the demand side? April 
was certainly quite a strong month, where there was an element of seasonality as well. But if 
you can share, how should we think about the demand growth or outflow for fiscal '25? And 
also, just clubbing Himalayan along with that, the ramp-up had to happen in quarter four. So 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
now do we have a sense of what's the steady run rate for Himalayan 450cc for the domestic 
market? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Hi, Gunjan, about the overall market, I'm sure you guys are following it more than us and 
getting the datas in different form. What we can say is the two-wheeler market is poised for 
a growth, and especially the middleweight. We anticipate the middleweight growth will be 
in double-digit. As we always say that we should be ahead of the curve, with all the new 
products which we launched last year and new products, which are going to come in this 
year, we feel that there is enough headroom for us to grow. In fact, the premiumisation as a 
theme is continuing in India. That's a good sign for all of us. The motorcycle industry, I 
think is slowly coming back to the pre-COVID level. We are seeing that month-on-month, 
which is slowly gaining momentum. It will actually help us with all our preparedness, which 
we have done over the period of time. 
 
As far as the Himalayan is concerned, we launched and it has been a super hit for us and 
happy to share with you, it's beyond the expectation of the numbers, which we are talking 
about. You know Gunjan, that we don't give exact numbers. But having said that, we are 
currently clocking as good as 200-plus motorcycles a day. But we are also preparing 
ourselves on the higher numbers because we see there is a good potential for us across the 
globe. As of now, only in few international markets we've opened the model. And we are 
slowly opening to the rest of the market. So we see that motorcycle also will give us a better 
growth in coming years. 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
So 200-plus motorcycle a day, and we are not yet seeing that in terms of dispatches. Is that a 
supply ramp-up, which is more gradual here? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
As of now there is also a season in international market. So we have to do that with the 
interactional markets also. So currently, what we are doing is depending upon the FIFO 
level, we are trying to match to the consumers of domestic market and also to the 
international markets. But we are working on increasing the supply situation, which you will 
see in time to come the improvements. 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And just second question on the platform that sort of picture that you put in the 
presentation. There are fair bit of white space that's clearly evident across platforms, right? 
And I know you will not talk about which product, which launch. But in terms of next, if 
you were to think about next 12, 18 months or two years, what are the key white spaces in 
the respective platforms that you think are priority areas to address across platforms? There 
is only one bike on 450cc. There's only one on the D platform. So a little bit colour on how 
we should think about bridging of these white spaces over the next two years? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Quite a long answer to be given, Gunjan, but still I'll try to short slightly. We have currently 
three platforms. We have our super refined J-platform. Then we have our 450cc platform, 
which is the Sherpa Platform and the 650cc platform. We also had that 411 platform and in 
some of the products, we are continuing there. In all these platforms, as we always say, we 
are a focused company. We don't do too many things. But the platforms are grouped to 
bring out different motorcycle, which addresses the different set of and segment of 
consumers, which we can give a differentiated experience. That's why on the J-platform, 
you can see we have a Bullet, we have Classic, we have Hunter, we have Meteor. And all of 
them have their own space and the consumer sets and experiences are very different to the 
people. Similarly, on that 450cc platform, as of now, we have come out with the Himalayan. 
And we will come out very soon. You will see a fantastic motorcycle from the same 
platform. And on the 650cc platform, we have our Continental GT, Interceptor, Shotgun and 
the Super Meteor 650. All are very different motorcycle and which gives a differentiated 
experience. 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
So to that extent, all the platform changes and the improvements which we have done, we 
have to give some space for that also to grow. The 411cc platform when we launched, the 
market wasn’t there. But over the period of time, we created a category like that for all these 
platforms and the products which we are bringing in, we have to give that space to actually 
grow because consumers also have to get accepted to that. We know that these are all 
outstanding products, which will grow in the market over a period of time. 
 
We constantly look at as Siddhartha was mentioning, we ride motorcycles. We are 
motorcyclist first. When we ride, when we see there is a possibility for us to give you a 
different kind of a motorcycle in the same platform, we always keep thinking about it, but 
that's all thought through at the platform development stage itself. We don't do afterthought 
discussions of all these things. So around the platform, as we presented to you people, we 
have a lot of new products, which are already lined up, which will start coming one by one. 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. I'll join back the queue. Thank you so much. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Next, we have in the queue Jinesh Gandhi. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi, congrats on good set of numbers. Quickly, two questions on the RE business. So on the 
export side, we have started to see some bit of pickup on the wholesale volume side. Are 
you seeing similar trends on the retail? Are things looking up now vis-à-vis what it was six 
months back? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
In the international market, Jinesh? 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
No. In the last quarter also I was just telling, we don't track the wholesale. Wholesale is only 
a transaction number for us. We always look at retail. And as the retails were better and last 
year, as I mentioned, the retail focus is what is there, happy to share that the retail has been 
very good in all the markets across the globe, also in India too. And to that extent, you are 
seeing the wholesale also picking up slowly. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay. So we should expect this run rate to improve upon given covering the retails? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
That's how the equation also works. But all of us have to be keeping only one thing in mind 
is the international market macro situation, it's a market-by-market situation. It's not all 
across. So every market, depending upon the consumer sentiment, we will actually be 
looking at. As I always say, for wholesale, we can go on and do more numbers, but we are 
not that sort of a company. We look at retail, we actually look at it as a full brand rather than 
a push. So it's for a long term. What is required for the international market for us to be the 
leader over the period of time? All the key things which have to be in place is what is the 
focus. The team is actually doing it. We have our own subsidiary, wherever it was required. 
And we have our own CKD plants. Our teams are on the ground of actually picking up the 
consumer sentiments. We are looking at integration of the DMS. We are looking at the 
CRM package integration with the central team. So all those activities are happening 
constantly at international markets, because we know for sure, there is a huge market 
potential for us and all our products are also fully accepted in the international market very 
well. So that's the positive feel, which we have about international market. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And second question on the RE margins, Royal Enfield margins. So clearly, we have 
seen a healthy evolution of margins, holding of upwards of 27%. From where we are today, 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
what are the push and pulls, which we are seeing on margins over the next 12 to 18 months? 
What are the drivers you'd be looking from a margin perspective? 
 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
First of all, revenue growth itself is something that we are actually focused on. We're 
looking at absolute increase as far as EBITDA is concerned. We're not necessarily so 
focused on percentages, as you know. So growth, I think, the revenues are obviously flow 
through to us in terms of the bottom line. We also had an increase in share in the 
international market coming back. It will also obviously have a bit of a flow through as far 
as profitability is concerned. And I think we are also seeing great growth happening in the 
non-motorcycle side of the business, which is accretive to us. I think that is something that 
will also kind of flow-through. So I think commodity, we are kind of keeping an eye out for 
them at the moment. We've not seen too much pressure coming in, but that is something that 
obviously we're watching out for and see how that impacts us. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And, Vidhya, just one clarification on VECV. We have seen some restatement of 
margins. And as a result, margins have declined in fourth quarter on Y-o-Y basis. But Q-o-
Q basis, margins again have declined despite seasonally strong quarter. Any one-offs there? 
 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
Yeah. Basically, last year in Q4, there were some fiscal incentives, which we had accrued 
based on the very old, which were pending in Madhya Pradesh. So due to that, there was 
one-off in last year Q4. So due to that, the margin looked lower than the last year Q4. Other 
than that, there is no other reason. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
But even on Q-o-Q basis, it has declined. So despite 25% growth in volumes. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Q-o-Q basis is not a very big thing, but that's fine. That's not it. It's one-off incentives. 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Thanks. I'll fall back in queue. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Kapil, you can try again. Okay. Seems some issue, so we can go ahead with Raghu. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Good afternoon. Hope, I'm audible. So a couple of questions. Firstly, on commercial vehicle 
side. So on electric, ELCV, ESCV, buses, if you can talk a little bit about the volume 
potential going ahead. How you see that entry into ESCV to become big for the company? 
And also that on the e-buses, given the announcements on payment security mechanism, 
would you become more aggressive in future? 
 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
Definitely, the e-vehicles are evolving now. Buses will be the one, I think, which will have 
good growth this year because government has this programme PM-eBus Sewa bus 
programme, under which they are going to come out with more and more tenders. But of 
course, we will be very careful, not putting in the bids to pursue the volumes at any cost. So 
therefore, we will see that what makes sense for us. But of course, as far as the products are 
concerned, we are all ready with the 9-meter bus product, 12-meter bus product, and we are 
also going to introduce 13.5-meter intercity bus product. So products wise we are ready. But 
of course, we will be very careful and think the government business of state transport 
undertaking because that business model still is very, very difficult business model where 
the entire payment is on per kilometre basis for next 12 years. So therefore, we have to see 
that if we do that business, it is done at the right prices. 
 
As far as the trucks are concerned, we were the first one to introduce electric truck in 5.5 
tonne category. And last year, we have sold 75 electric trucks. And this year, of course, the 
traction is good. And we are also going to come out with more models in electric trucks. 
And the small commercial vehicle, which we had unveiled in Bharat Mobility Expo in 
February. And that product also we have now given on pilot basis to 10 customers last 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
month, and that will be introduced on a commercial basis from January next year. So again, 
that's a very high potential. And this, of course, the electric model will be followed up by 
diesel and CNG in the next six months. So therefore, it's an electric technology is evolving. 
We are very much there in all the segments. But of course, we will be very, you can say, 
careful where we have to get in and where we don't have to get in. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you for that answer. And congrats on the market share gains you've been seeing. If 
you can talk a little bit about the demand outlook also how you are seeing the demand and 
how you see the prospects? 
 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
As far as the demand for commercial vehicle market is concerned, I think it has got a very 
good potential for growth. Fundamentally, because our economy is continuing to do well, 
and of course, we are expecting on the back of around 6% to 8% of last year, we are 
expecting that this year also the economy should grow by 7% plus. So that is the first 
fundamental vision of growth. 
 
Secondly, the strong infrastructure programme from government of India. And thirdly the 
pent-up replacement demand, which continues to be very strong because the new trucks or 
new technology trucks, which has a lot of electronics and a lot of telematics and a lot of new 
features, which enhance the productivity and efficiency of the trucks, it makes a lot of 
business sense to replace the old fleet. So therefore, we will see more and more fleet looking 
for replacement. So therefore, the CV demand will also increase because of the replacement 
of the old trucks. So all three fundamental factors point towards that CV industry is going to 
have a good future. Even though there maybe hiccups this month or that month, but overall, 
on a CAGR basis, we are going to see a good growth. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you so much. Just a quick question to BGR. If you can talk about Shotgun 650, what 
would be the current volume and potential? And is there a case for a 350cc Bobber? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
New products, we won't talk about it. When that comes near to the new product coming up, 
we will talk about that. Shotgun is, once again, a product which is inspired by customs and 
for customs. When we launched Super Meteor 650, at that time also we were thinking. It's a 
stunning motorcycle. It has launched in January. There's a huge response in the international 
market. It's a product which has just come. We have to nurture it. But what we are doing is 
we are also working along with all the custom builders and how that entire ecosystem can be 
integrated so that the product can be taken to the next level. So there's a lot of work which is 
happening. 
 
We see that product has a huge potential. It's a very planted motorcycle. And it has very 
different look and feel. Consumers are enjoying it. In fact, I'm at U.K. Tech Centre, and 
yesterday when I met a consumer who bought this, he was in love of this motorcycle and he 
said, "When I saw it, I thought I should have it immediately." So to that extent, there is a 
good response. So as I mentioned, it's just come into the market, and we have to work on it a 
bit more, but we see there's a huge potential for that product also. 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you so much. I'll fall back in the queue. Best wishes. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Binay Singh. 
 
Binay Singh: 
Hi, team. So thanks for the opportunity. One trend that we see in Royal Enfield in the last 
two quarters, is that a greater than 350cc portfolio is doing well, partly driven by product 
launches? But just to understand the customer profile, is that changing? Because I remember 
the earlier the company always talked about this replacement consumer coming back. 
People who had a Royal Enfield, buying a Royal Enfield. And then we used to also talk 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
about the average age profile coming down when the 350cc portfolio was rising. So with 
these new launches, are you able to sort of see any changes in your customer profile? Are 
people now replacing? That's the first question. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Yeah. I think the product is coming up in the 350cc and above. The numbers are also 
coming. Percentages are equally to be looked at what's happening in 350cc, right? But we 
have to grow all the platforms, all the CCs that's what the team is working on. But the new 
products like the Himalayan 450 on the Sherpa Platform, which we launched 650 
motorcycles, Shotgun, Super Meteor, all those things are doing well. You will see more 
products even in that. So those are also be growing. In the 350cc, also the products, we are 
planning a lot of activities, which will be happening. Overall, the growth is happening in all 
the areas.  
 
You touched upon the topic of the replacement cycle. In the last call, also I mentioned, it is 
yet to kick in. But we have to be prepared. So what we have done is to give a very 
frictionless experience for those consumers almost about 6 million motorcycles, which are 
there in the market as a vehicle park. For them at a particular point of time to give the new 
motorcycle, which they can exchange with, we came out of the REOWN as a platform for 
someone to upgrade. Having said, we don't want our customers to actually change the 
motorcycle just because we have a new motorcycle. We have to be actually be working with 
them that they enjoy the motorcycling experience. Somebody who bought a Classic at some 
point of time, if he wants to enjoy our Interceptor today, and then we should be there to 
actually help him out to enjoy the motorcycling. And that's the focus which we are doing 
now. The replacement cycle will kick in at some point of time, but you have to see a good 
traction. It will take some time, but I think it's a growth path for us in future. 
 
Binay Singh: 
Thanks for that. And secondly, could you share a little bit about like finance penetration? 
How is it now for you? And also the three programmes that you started last year, the 
REOWN, the leasing programme, what sort of percentage contribution is it coming from 
them? I assume it will be very small. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Our finance penetration, as of now is about 61%. It's steadily growing over the period of 
time. I mean because when the demography is coming down, it also is quite natural that the 
finance penetration will be there. So we came out with the digital finance marketplace DFM 
which we did. We integrated that to our website and on a journey of the consumers at the 
front end. We actually socialized that and say this is the finance option, which is available 
and very attractive finance schemes, which we are working on. Yes, It's a lever. And it has 
to be available. As I mentioned, frictionless experiences, it's everything. When the consumer 
wants it, it should be available. That's one of the focus which we are doing. You asked about 
the REOWN as a program. We just launched. We piloted in few cities. And in those areas, 
the numbers are coming in. We have to work with the entire ecosystem. We have to work 
with our dealership. We have to explain to them about the business model in which way it is 
better for them, beneficial for them and also to the consumers. So it is slowly taking 
traction, Binay. It won't be overnight, but it is the thing, which we feel for an upgrade cycle 
is very important for us. 
 
Binay Singh: 
Thanks. Lastly, any price hikes we've taken recently? Anything on that in the Royal Enfield 
side and in the VECV side? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Royal Enfield side, we haven't taken the price hike very recently. VECV, Vinod? 
 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
In VECV, we are focusing more and more on the discount reduction. So even though we 
will not see the increase in the MRPs, but we are trying to plug the gap between the MRP 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
and the transaction prices. So therefore, we will see more and more rationalisation 
happening in the discounts. 
 
Binay Singh: 
Okay, thanks a lot. Best wishes for future quarters. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. Next, we have a question from Arvind Sharma. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Two questions from my side. First, on the realisations. 
Royal Enfield, they're quite strong this quarter. Any specific reasons for sustainability there 
on? 
 
Vidhya Srinivasan: 
I think, no. It's just that the exports so that's possibly impacting ASPs and we have taken a 
price increase in May last year. So I think quarter-on-quarter the full benefit is coming 
through this quarter. So that's also there. So that's basically what is the prime reason for 
ASP. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
We haven't taken any price increase there, Arvind. It's only the mix and the higher cc 
motorcycles, which I think the previous question also just asked. So that's what is actually 
helping us on the ASP. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Thank you. Thank you for the response. The second question would be on commodity 
prices. Where are you seeing the trends right now? And again, would they be passed on? Or 
would you tend to absorb them going forward? If you could please elaborate on that? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Commodities, it is not a headwind as of now. Is it a tailwind? May not be. So to that extent, 
there is some amount of stability, which is there. But always we will track it and then see 
what is that we have to do in this, especially the high cost, the PGMs, which goes into the 
motorcycles. And we are constantly working on value engineering to offset that. So passing 
on, not passing on is time-to-time when we do a pricing committee discussion, at that point 
of time, we decide. But it is also commodity going up, commodity coming down, it doesn't 
mean that the cost plus is actually the price. That's not the equation now we can play in the 
market. So it has to be the price value proposition for the consumer. And what does it mean? 
And what is that we are offering to the consumer? So that comes as a prime question for us 
always. So it's only one side of the equation, but we constantly see that what's the price 
value equation and depending upon that we take a decision on that. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
But for now, you're not seeing any cost pressures as of now? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
It doesn't seem to be there at this junction. 
 
Arvind Sharma: 
Got it. Thanks. That's all from my side. Thank you so much. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. Next question is from Chandramouli. 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah:  
Hi, good afternoon. And thank you for taking my questions. My first question is on the 
export markets. We have been making a concerted push into growing in the export markets 
for the past five to six years now. So just, at this juncture in our journey, I just wanted to 
understand versus the Indian middleweight market, what are some of the similar factors for 
Royal Enfield's growth in export markets? And what are some of the factors that are slightly 
different, which you're having sort of navigate around to potentially replicate the growth you 
had in the domestic middleweight market in some of the key export markets that we 
presently have sort of 8% to 10% market share? 
 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
So, Chandramouli, in any of the markets, India, as Siddhartha was mentioning earlier, the 
market for the middleweight is somewhere around 50,000, 55,000 in 2011. We grew the 
market to almost about 900,000-plus. And the addressable market outside India is also 
almost the same size, but that has been grown by somebody over the period of time. With 
the first product of our Twins, because earlier to that, our 350cc motorcycles were not an 
export worthy motorcycles because it can't stand the emission norms, which are required. 
For the J-platform, when we brought in the super refined engine, we really felt that, that 
motorcycle is also exportable. Then we started working on Twins. Now the all new Sherpa 
450cc Platform water-cooled and the products which are coming in, they're all now global 
appeal products. So products are sorted. You will see more products, which we are working 
on.  
 
And the international market, what's more important is, as we always say, if we have to go 
open up more stores and then do a wholesale, that's an easy thing because now there is an 
acceptance, but that's not what we are as a company. We always see that our brand has to be 
in full brand. People should enjoy owning our motorcycles. In a situation where the macro 
economics are not so good, that's not the time to go and actually look at expansion in an 
aggressive way. We are a long-term aggressive company. We don't do anything short term, 
which I always say. So what is required for the international market of actually having our 
own subsidiaries, our own team on the ground constantly looking at the market growth, 
brand building and the community building, creating rides wherein we can be part of their 
community and ride motorcycles. That's what is the work, which we are doing whenever the 
market opens. I mean, in fact, one more thing is the CKD plants, more than what the CKD 
plants where it is required to be near to the consumer, which also we are doing. When the 
market opens up, you will see Royal Enfield riding the wave in the international market. I 
see some good green shoots now. The retails are better for us last year. And that's why you 
are seeing the wholesale also slightly better. In time to come, I think the market opens up. 
We are there for a good success. 
 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Maybe I'll just add a little bit to add some different texture to this. I think from what you're 
asking is that -- I mean, very simplistically, we divided in our export markets into two. One 
is the richer countries, such as U.S., Europe, Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Korea, where 
the markets are there, they're not growing, maybe even declining, but affordability is very 
strong. If people like something, they'll pick it up. I mean if it's $5,000, $6,000, $7,000, 
that's not a problem. So Royal Enfield salience is strong. The offer is great. The bike is 
relatively affordable to these guys, and great, great, absolutely amazing value and m=our 
market recall is very strong, very strong in these markets. So that's one set of markets where 
there's not huge growth. There is growth potential for us, but within the spectrum of the 
market rather than growing the market as such, beyond the point, right. So that's the Western 
markets, but they're very important also from a profitability angle. 
 
Then you have, for us, what is the high potential markets, some markets in LatAm, some 
markets in Southeast Asia, where we see that we can make, let's say, in inverted commas, 
"mini Indias," right? So and we're going with that approach. After having learned in some of 
these markets over the last many years. We are focusing in on some of them to really 
penetrate deeper to make it an India like idea for us, which is on to virtuous cycle. So we're 
in a virtuous cycle in India, where we have strong distribution, strong demand, strong 
residual value, strong service network, great brand recall and that promotes all of these 
things, again, that means the more demand comes in and it's a virtuous cycle. So that's what 
we're trying to do in some of the LatAm and Southeast Asian markets, where which we feel 
let's say, we term them ourselves as sort of new home markets, right? So where we want to 
be really present to our infrastructure, our market companies. We do our own distribution in 
some of these markets, and we will do our own distribution. We appoint the dealer 
ourselves. We may even have our own store once in a while, but really to get deep into a 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
few of these markets where we see long-term potential in the next 5, 10, 15 years of solid 
growth and becoming a big player in the motorcycle market in these countries, right? So 
that's the objective. 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah:  
Got it. That's super helpful. My second question is on the upcoming sort of 450cc platform 
launches over the next few years. We've historically been a company that's been a very good 
upgrade option for users from other brands. And then over time, we've graduated into 
offering upgrade options for our own customers from 350 to 650, and now we have a more 
affordable upgrade option, which will start coming through in terms of more 450cc 
products. So I just wanted to understand what are some of the dynamics in 350 to 450cc 
upgrading strategy that we have for our customers? And any early learnings or insights from 
Himalayan 450 that we've launched a few months back? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Himalayan 450 is a motorcycle, which is adventure, yet you can use it for your daily usage 
type of a motorcycle ride, it's indexed in that. So it's not for everyone, but anyone who likes 
a bit of an adventure also will enjoy that motorcycle. So that's where the positioning of the 
motorcycle that will continue. But on the 450cc platform, the new products, which we are 
planning soon, which will be launched soon, that all will actually help us in the upgrade and 
also getting the new customers. 
 
Chandramouli Muthiah:  
Got it. That's helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. Next question is from Mumuksh Mandlesha. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Yeah, thank you so much for the opportunity. So firstly, one for Vinod. Industry CV 
demand has been muted in the recent times. So basically how is the profitability of the fleet 
operators? And how is it generally the discounting trend in the market? 
 
Vinod Aggarwal: 
The industry in quarter four this year has been a little bit subdued. One of the strong reason 
is that last year, in Q4, there was some prebuying. So you can say there was some shift from 
this year's industry to that last year's quarter four because of OBD-II norms, which became 
applicable from 1st April, 2023. Because of that, this quarter looked a bit of weak as 
compared to the previous year quarter four. But fundamentally, there is no other reason why 
the industry should be lower. And the other, of course, the second fundamental reason could 
be the elections, which are currently going on. And a lot of government machinery is busy 
on the election side, therefore, no new projects or no new repayments are slow in getting the 
released. So that is the second reason.  
 
As far as the transport profitability is concerned, I don't see any concern there. Transporters 
are doing well, and they have got good demand, and they have got good basically, the 
business. But right now, they are not buying because sometimes, they also have the 
experience that during the election time when they buy vehicles, sometimes those are also 
taken by the various politicians for the campaigns or for various other types of purposes. So 
they don't want to -- some of the first-time users, they become a little bit more cautious. So 
therefore, you will see a lot of action after the new government is in place. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Understood. Very helpful. This is for Govind, on the exports market, we now have five 
assembly plants globally. I just want to understand what kind of capacity for these plants are 
there? And what would be the current volumes from these markets? Just want to understand 
more on how big are this middle motorcycle segment market in these five regions? And 
what kind of range volumes they are looking over the medium term? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
On the CKD plants, majority is local content and a vehicle assembly line. And all those 
areas, as of now, we have mandate for one shift. That's how it is. So there is a potential for 

Eicher Motors Limited (EICHERMOT) 
Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
May 11, 2024 01:15 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
us to run two more shifts to add to that, capacity is available. When the market opens up, we 
can invest a bit more into this. So that's not a major problem for us basically. Because that's 
not a big manufacturing plants where the capital intensive types, only in assembly line 
extension, which is possible for us to do within about two months time window. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
And just on the market potential in these five markets? 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
I don't have an exact number to be honest, maybe we can share it with you only in these 
markets, what's the numbers and where are we seeing it. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for opportunity. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. That was the last question. So for any follow-up questions or unanswered questions, 
please reach out to the Investor Relations team of Eicher Motors Limited. I'd like to hand 
over the call to the senior management for closing comments. Over to you, Siddhartha. 
 
Siddhartha Lal: 
Well, thank you all very much for attending, and we're looking forward to talking to you 
next quarter. Thank you very much. 
 
B. Govindarajan: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thank you, all. We can conclude the call here. Thanks. 
