 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we are enclosing the transcript of Q4 & FY 24 earnings conference call for investors and analysts organized 
by the Company on Tuesday, May 28, 2024 at 05:30 P.M IST. The audio recording and transcript is also 
available on the website of the Company at www.keva.co.in 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
 
 
 
Rohit Saraogi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lal Bahadur Shashtri Marg, Mulund (West), Mumbai - 400 080. Tel: +91 22 6606 7777 
Regd. Office: Devkaran Mansion, 36, Mangaldas Road, Mumbai - 400 002. (INDIA) 
Phone: (022) 2206 96 09 / Fax: (022) 6606 77 26 
www.keva.co.in 
CIN No. L74999MH1955PLC009593 
ROHIT 
SARAOGI
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT SARAOGI 
Date: 2024.05.31 
17:32:17 +05'30'

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited  
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 28, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S H Kelkar & Company Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mit Shah from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on S H 
Kelkar & Company Limited's Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with 
us Mr. Kedar Vaze, Whole-Time Director and Group CEO and Mr. Rohit Saraogi, EVP 
and Group CFO of the company.  
We will begin the call with opening remarks of the management, following which 
we will open the forum for our Q&A session. Before we begin, I'd like to point out 
that certain statements made on today's call could be forward looking in nature and 
a disclaimer in this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared 
with you earlier. 
 
I'd like to invite Mr. Kedar Vaze to make his opening remarks. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us on this Earnings 
Call today. I hope you have gone through our results document, which were 
uploaded to the exchanges earlier.  
I'm pleased to report that we have delivered a strong financial performance 
throughout the past year while witnessing a subdued demand scenario in the 
domestic FMCG sector. Our performance was supported by a revival of demand 
from midsized and smaller customers, traction from new accounts and steady 
performance in the key international markets. 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Our core European segment has reported consistent positive results, showing 
healthy revenue growth and strong gross margins and EBITDA margins. Despite a 
generally subdued demand environment in the European region, we have sustained 
our margin performance during the quarter, aided by various strategic initiatives. 
The region which accounts for around 27% of our business has also contributed to 
our growth trajectory particularly as the recovery of business supported by both 
Creative Fragrances and Flavours and Holland Aromatics. These results underscore 
the resilience and strategic importance of our European operations for the group.  
In a key business development, we are extremely pleased to announce that we have 
gained significant sales traction from the prestigious global MNC account. We now 
have a healthy order book for FY '25 for the customer for multiple products across 
a few categories. This amounts to more than double the value of the previous 
financial year. We expect this relationship to continue to grow over the years 
marking a significant milestone in our strategic global expansion plans and 
reinforcing our vision to become one of the top Fragrance and Flavours companies 
globally. 
 
Our 100-year journey has been defined by a pursuit of innovation and quality, 
enriched by rich experience and significant investments in R&D capabilities. These 
investments have sharpened our ability to creatively deliver solutions tailored to 
the customers' preferences. Over the last year, we have significantly strengthened 
our talent pool, bringing in high-quality senior personnel from the industry to build 
our capability for growth in the next leg of growth. Our investments in 
infrastructure such as Creative Development Centres have further solidified our 
foundation, ensuring we are well equipped to meet the evolving demands of the 
market and continue delivering superior growth. 
Regarding our segmental performance within our core Fragrance vertical, we have 
strengthened our position in the well-established Indian market while also 
achieving growth in various new export markets. Our teams are particularly active 
executing strategy to penetrate existing and new markets with particular focus on 
Southeast Asia, Africa, United States and other regions.  
As you may recollect, the company had a ‘3I’ focus strategy targeting key markets 
in India, Italy and Indonesia. We have solidified our presence in Italy serving the 
European region, continue to maintain a strong presence in India and with the new 
Greenfield facility commissioned in Jakarta, Indonesia during this quarter. This new 
facility is now operational and strategically poised to further develop our foothold 
in the key Southeast Asian markets, completing our ‘3I’ strategic initiative, which 
we took in the last five years. 
 
Our Flavours segment also delivered an encouraging performance this quarter. As 
we mentioned previously, we encountered significant challenges in our Global 
Ingredients business in the past years. Our strategic response included 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 3 of 16 
implementing a comprehensive backward integration project in India and focusing 
on improvements of productivity and cost reduction, which has significantly 
transformed this segment this quarter. These efforts have reversed losses, resulting 
in a profitable turnaround, I would add on a sustainable basis. 
 
Coming to the update on the fire incident at our Vashivali fragrance facility, we have 
shifted production to alternate sites to ensure business continuity. This has enabled 
us to resume full service and maintain adequate capacity to meet all customer 
demands. While we expect some impact on Q1 FY'25 performance due to this 
event, we believe we will be able to offset this in the subsequent quarters. 
Regarding the financial impact of the fire, the company has a comprehensive 
insurance coverage, including for loss of business, loss of profit, which fully covers 
the damages incurred. The insurance company is currently assessing the cause and 
extent of the damage. Therefore, we would like to avoid speculation on this account 
in today's call. Once we have clarity, we will inform the exchanges appropriately 
and take all questions and answers in the separate call on this matter. 
 
To conclude, our immediate focus remains on navigating the aftermath of the fire 
and efficiently ramping up operations on alternate sites, including the newly 
commissioned facility in Indonesia, which will support all our exports. Our 
turnaround initiatives coupled with recent new wins and increasing demand are 
poised to position us for a strong performance in FY'25. 
 
Thank you and I look forward to discussing our results in more detail. On that note, 
I would request the moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions 
you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question is from the 
line of Bharat Gupta from Fair Value Capital. 
Bharat Gupta: 
So first, congratulations for a good set of results. A couple of questions from my 
side. So first, with respect to the RFQ. So, you've mentioned in the presentation 
that there has been increase in the order book with respect to the MNCs for the 
current fiscal year. So, if possible, can you quantify the amount, like what kind of 
order book we are building in from them? And going forward, what kind of a run 
rate we want to execute for FY'25 and beyond. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, at the moment, for FY'25, we are at a run rate of $10 million plus sales projected 
for the year. We are continuing to work with these projects. And as we have 
indicated sort of a $100 million total available potential; $10 million of that is 
already under contract and we will continue to expand this in the years going 
forward. 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Bharat Gupta: 
Also, with respect to our Indonesian unit, so there has been a mention that like we 
have recently opened up. So, what kind of a capital deployment was there in that 
particular unit? And what kind of asset turns we are anticipating out of it? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So between $4 million and $5 million was the capital investment in the unit, we are 
expecting to have full production from June. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And what kind of asset turn can we anticipate? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have ballpark $10 million business, which it will service on an immediate 
basis and the additional growth that it will service in the export other regions. So, 
$10 million to $12 million in revenue will migrate to the Indonesian factory in the 
first year. 
Bharat Gupta: 
So, it's primarily towards meeting out the order requirement from the global 
MNCs? Or we have some tie-ups with other institutions out there as well? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are already doing a business of more than $10 million in the Southeast Asia 
region, in ASEAN. and having this facility within ASEAN makes it duty free and easy 
for accessing the ASEAN market. We built this as one of our next growth pillars. 
Outside of India, we see Southeast Asia is a good growth region for the global 
Fragrance and Flavours market. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sir, on the CFF front there has been a good jump in the profitability. Top line has 
remained muted in terms of the single-digit growth. Currently, what kind of 
utilization levels we are working upon both CFF and Holland? And secondly, like in 
terms of, is there enough headroom for growth if we are utilizing the assets at the 
optimum levels? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, from a capacity point of view, if you look at the results, we have lost or 
reduced some of our tolling business in the last couple of years. So, we have 
additional capacity available for our core business. We are about, I would say, 85% 
capacity utilization in the European context. Therefore, for FY '25, we have no 
challenge for growth. We should be able to grow 10% thereabouts without any 
additional capacity constraint. But on a three-to-five-year horizon, we would need 
to invest in the European fragrance capacity to continue to grow. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. So, do we have any kind of capex plans at present like beyond for investing 
in the European subsidiary? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the typical capex would have been 3 million to 4 million, similar to the Indonesia 
factory. We are now evaluating this capex plan in a view to understand if we want 
to build some additional capacity to have support for the Middle East and certain 
markets where access to the market and the shipping lines and things like this is 
becoming difficult. So North Africa, West Africa and some of the Middle Eastern 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 5 of 16 
countries, we are trying to see if we want to have also opportunity to service them 
through our European operations. 
So, we will build capacity, expect to be EUR3 million to EUR4 million. That's the sort 
of expectation on the investment. It won't be large. We are evaluating and we will 
revert back once there is any finality on that. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And sir, regarding the jump in the gross margin. So, can you help us understand 
what kind of reasons led to such a sharp increase in the overall gross margins? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think a couple of reasons. One is the Global Ingredients, which was negative, it has 
started to deliver much stronger gross margins due to the backward integration and 
cost reduction that we have undertaken. In addition, the raw material buying 
strategy that the company has adopted with buying inventories at a lower price 
that has resulted in a better realization through the year. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Last question from my side, if I'm allowed sir. With respect to our Global Ingredients 
business itself. So, I believe we have invested close to around Rs. 150-odd crores in 
the business. And how do we look at the current business scenario at a time when 
China has added capacity over the last few years because our primary focus was 
towards backward integration because of the volatility in the RM prices. So, any 
colours about what kind of a trend you are seeing across your RM chain and the 
current business scenario with respect to the Global Ingredients side? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think Global Ingredients side, we are fully backward integrated. We have now 
an entire supply chain within Indian operations or partners in India. So, this is 
helping us to be extremely cost competitive. We have more than 50% of the market 
share of the Global Ingredients globally. So, we are the market leader. And we will 
continue to hold this position vis-a-vis the Chinese competition or other 
competitors as we have strong presence in these products with a long history and 
a good brand and quality. So, we are the market leader. We continue to keep our 
market share. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Despite the softness in the RM prices coming out from China, we plan to remain 
profitable for FY'25 as well? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, we have been continuously improving our productivity, efficiency for the 
last 30 to 40 years on this product range that we are operating. So, we believe that 
we have very good process efficiency, good productivity. The main issue in the 
Global Ingredients was the raw material dependence on China, which we have cut, 
and I believe that we are in a very strong position to supply to the global markets. 
 
In addition, given the geopolitical scenario, all major customers want to have 
alternate suppliers and do not want to depend on solely Chinese origin materials. 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. So, China Plus One strategy can work out in favour for us. Any order book 
which we maintain for this segment alone? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the segment is about Rs. 100 crores market and we are more or less 60% or 
70% of that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sir, we had a very good year coming here, FY'24. What kind of revenue growth and 
margins will you be looking at for FY'25 and FY'26. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are continuing to be bullish on our growth despite the incident in April. Our 
long-term strategy, our product development and R&D continues unabated. We are 
still indicating a 12% CAGR growth for this year and next couple of years in midterm 
across the global business. So domestic as well as European and Flavours segments. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Fair enough, sir. And the margins because now with the new capacity as well as 
backward integration, so are currently 16% we've done in FY'24. So, will it cross that 
level in FY'25 or be in the similar level, sir? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think at the granular gross margin, there is no challenge to maintain the gross 
margin that we have today. On the operating side, due to the changeover in the 
BCP and the additional operation costs, there will be some effect on short term in 
this quarter, next quarter. But on the longer term, there is no negative impact on 
either gross margins or product growth or revenue growth. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So, 16% is sustainable margin? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
And sir, just wanted to know, sir, in terms of any demand scenario environment, do 
we see some slowdown or some risks that can impact our growth. 
Kedar Vaze: 
There is always current scenario, geopolitical risk if some of the spillovers or some 
of these global events happen, election risk in various countries and geographies. 
So, all of these are macro risks, which all of the investor community is aware of at 
large.  
Specific to our business, we do not see any additional risk. There's no widespread 
recession. We would imagine that we have a continued growth of demand. There 
will be challenges in the first quarter and few months when we streamline our 
supply chain from the new factories. So that will dampen some of the first quarter 
or first few months results in terms of deferment of sales. We are looking at 
increasing lead time from six, seven days to two or three weeks in terms of our 
delivery schedules, which means that the first quarter will have a 10-day spillover 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 7 of 16 
into the second quarter and so on and so forth. Apart from that, from a demand 
side, we don't see any negative impact, either macro or internally or externally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chintan Chheda from Quest Investment 
Advisors Private Limited. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Congrats on delivering consistent set of numbers. Sir, my first question is related to 
margins. So, do you see any further scope in improvement of our gross margins? 
And secondly, with this Malaysian facility coming up, what could be the absolute 
savings of catering to that demand in that Southeast Asia market? And lastly, with 
this Vashivali production shifting to adjacent facilities, so can you just quantify what 
could be that impact for a couple of quarters? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, three questions. First is margin. I think the margin at current 44%, 45% gross 
margin will be sustainable. We will look at maintaining that kind of margin. There is 
no further expectation of improvement of margins in this scenario on a longer-term 
basis. So that's one. 
 
Secondly, the question of Malaysia, actually the facility is in Indonesia. But to 
answer your question, the Southeast Asia facility in Indonesia will start in June. 
There will be not much impact in terms of the current business, the margin and the 
operation cost will be the same as in Indian factory. What we expect is that the 
growth rates will be faster because the speed to market and the customer 
confidence on our local deliveries is higher than deliveries coming in from two 
weeks or three weeks lead time. So, we expect that we are able to cater to bigger 
clients, including global MNCs through this facility in the region. So, our growth rate 
for Southeast Asia should go up post this facility starting up.  
To answer your impact of Vashivali, I think the full impact and the assessment, as I 
mentioned earlier, is still pending. We expect to complete that in the next 7-10 days 
and drop concrete plans of restarting the factory. As of now, the alternate factories 
and sites have begun production from first week of May. In fact, on 30th April, the 
first invoices have gone to the clients. So, we are in the rapid phase of ramping up.  
To that question of, what is the impact on the first quarter, obviously, there is a 
deferment of some of the sales due to the increase in lead times, some of the sales 
will get pushed to the second quarter and so on and so forth. We hope to have the 
factory up and running in six months' time and then start the production at Vashivali 
thereafter. 
Chintan Chheda: 
Got it. And sir, secondly, on the tax rate, when I look at our tax rate for this and last 
year, so it is of little bit on the higher side when you look comparatively to the 
earlier years. So, any particular reasons for that? And for next couple of years, how 
should we look at our tax rate? 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Rohit Saraogi: 
So, the tax rate, what you see now, there is an increase because of our deferred tax 
reversal, which is a one-off. On a normalized basis, our tax rate will be 29% to 30%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from SVAN Investments. 
Jatin Damania: 
First, in your initial remark to the previous participant, you indicated a growth rate 
of 12% in terms of revenue. Just wanted to understand, is 12% inclusive of the MNC 
order and the contribution that we will get from the Jakarta facility? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The Jakarta facility will only be migration of the business from India to the Jakarta 
facility that will free up capacity in India, which we will use for Middle East and 
Indian domestic servicing the customers in India and the Middle East Africa regions. 
So, it's an additional capacity in the current scenario that is timely, and it will help 
us to further improve our service levels in Indian basis. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, that means that this additional capacity will contribute to an incremental 
revenue, right? So, 12% growth rate on the base business seems to be little bit 
conservative as compared to the order book guidance that you have given in terms 
of the MNC and the Southeast Asian market opportunity that we are seeing it. 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think on the longer term, the opportunity is there. The challenge we are facing 
through the incident, we want to be conservative and give you what is the scenario 
today. With the full supply chain restored, we can look at much higher growth rates 
going forward. 
Jatin Damania: 
I mean, since you've already started supplying from the month of May, I mean end 
of April, so the loss was only for 10-20 days, if I'm not wrong. But from June 
onwards, we will be back into operation. So, I guess next 9 months will be good for 
us as compared to the first quarter.  
Kedar Vaze: 
I understand that. But the problem is that this year, we will not clock 360 days 
because these 10 days will go in the first quarter of next year, the sale of Rs. 30 
crores-Rs. 40 crores, which would be normally 10 day revenues. 
Jatin Damania: 
And sir, second question, if you can help me in understanding the MNC order, 
definitely, you said the order book has doubled as compared to FY'24. So, in the 
current revenue of FY '24, what was the contribution from the new MNC client? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as I mentioned, this year, we expect to be more than $10 million. So last year, 
it was half of that. 
Jatin Damania: 
And the margins will be at the higher end as compared to what we are delivering 
right now, right, on the broader basis? 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. On the net margin basis, these are good products, so they are high-volume 
throughput products. So, we have low operating cost per kilo but the gross margin 
at a per kilo level will be lower. The net margins are the same as a normal business. 
Jatin Damania: 
Net margin. So, sir, now with the improvement in the profitability and definitely, 
you will see a free cash flow also getting free. So, I mean, how shall one look at the 
debt reduction schedule. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are at ballpark debt between Rs. 500 crores to Rs. 550 crores in the last 
couple of quarters. We expect that the ongoing capex’s that we need to incur to 
restore the facility while the insurance covers it, there will be some net cash flow 
issue where we need to fund before the final payout from the insurance. Despite 
that, I think our net debt level should remain below Rs. 550 crore throughout the 
year and operating revenue and profit will bring the overall debt down as we go 
through the year. 
Jatin Damania: 
Is it possible to assume that we close the year below Rs. 500 odd crores because 
the capex for the Europe will probably take another six months or 9 months for us 
to decide whether to go ahead with that capex or not. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. No, I don't want to speculate on the year-end until we have a clarity on the 
claim and survey of the site. Once we know our capex plan and recovery plan in the 
Vashivali factory clearly, we can put out the end of the year basis at the time of our 
first quarter results. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. Just one question from my end. Since you have already started supplying to 
this major MNC, which is definitely a breakthrough deal for us. Besides that, are we 
in this in active discussion with any other MNCs or will it open up those for other 
MNCs to do business with us. Can you give some highlight on that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
 The short answer is yes, we are engaging with multiple clients. We have been 
engaging with them on a number of years and we continue to engage with other 
MNC, global MNC as well as large corporate clients in both India, Southeast Asia, 
Middle East and Europe. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And another question is, have you seen any benefits of China Plus One, it's 
been a couple of years since this entire discussion around China Plus One started. 
So, are we seeing any benefits out of that? And at the same time, since China is 
boosting up their capacity? Are we facing any competitive pressure from them in 
our Southeast Asia or European market? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The only direct competition product for us is the Global Ingredients business, 
whereas I alluded, we have majority market share. We have more than 50% market 
share of the product. We have taken the step to be most cost competitive on a 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 10 of 16 
global basis. So, we are not threatened by Chinese competition from a cost point of 
view or pricing point of view. We believe we have one of the lowest cost producers 
of these products in the world. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, what is the outlook on the raw material cost? I mean, if you compare 
the Q4 FY'24 and the prices currently, are the prices stable and what is the outlook 
going ahead? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Prices are stable with, I would say, upward movement, slight improvement of prices 
since, I would say, February or March when they were at the lowest level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Congratulations on good performance. So Kedar, to understand our business, I 
mean, growth from, say, 12% up but barring this, I mean, earlier, we had I had an 
understanding kind of key 12% CAGR growth and plus MNC new contracts. So, 
forget this year, I mean but then how do we see that business, our top line growing? 
So, if you can give a little more colour. So, this year, of course, as you said, we will 
maybe be losing Rs. 40 crores-Rs. 50 crores kind of a sales but barring that, how do 
we see our growth rate. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Our growth rate, like we mentioned, the business growth rate is linked to the 
product development and capability to accept and take new business. We have 
been steadily increasing our spend on the R&D and product development and 
including this year, we will continue to spend on future growth. We will look at 
additional geographies beyond India for growth. So Southeast Asia, clearly, with the 
factory, which we set up this year, we will look at a much faster growth rate there. 
Global Ingredients investments have also -- looking where we are looking at a faster 
growth rate in the near future. 
And we are expanding our operation and footprint in Europe and we have started 
some inroads or some basic work in the US market for the next phase of additional 
growth, saturated or market where we have good market share, we see an 8% to 
10% growth rate on a sustainable regular CAGR basis and additional geographies, 
additional customers or new customers where we don't have an existing business 
will ramp up the growth rate to 12% and above in terms of a CAGR growth. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And second question, earlier, we were looking barring this fire incident, that we 
were thinking that gross margin will sustain at a higher level, I mean what we have 
reported and playing out some kind of operating leverage, but whenever that 
operating leverage will start playing, kicking in from the second half, do we have 
some kind of a room of a higher EBITDA margin and which was our, I mean, kind of 
a thing we were expecting? 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think quarter-on-quarter, we would have seen the EBITDA margin improving as 
our operating leverage on the factory and on the sales and cost basis. So, we have 
continuously improved not gross margin but at the EBITDA level. And we are 
extremely confident of continuing to do that once our Vashivali factory is restored 
in the later part of this year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Yes. So, over a long medium term, our margin could have a room to grow higher, 
correct? Is that fair understanding? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That's right. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And coming on the deleveraging the balance sheet, of course, otherwise, we 
had built up a good amount of low-cost inventory earlier as indicated. So, once we 
start consuming and bring down the inventory at normalized level. So, what kind of 
additional cash flow do we expect and how that can help us in improving our debt 
level if this new capex will not happen, I mean, at Vashivali. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So I mean I will give the answer without any effect of the incident. In a normal 
course, we would have reduced the inventory plus free cash flow of roughly Rs. 150 
crores in the year. At this time, I expect the same quantum in absolute number. But 
cash flow effect of that may be deferred because we will pay first and then some 
part of the capex will be reimbursed by the insurance. So, we need to understand 
that. As you've alluded, inventory was also much higher level than normal levels. 
So, we had maybe almost Rs. 50 crores extra inventory at the end of the year last 
year as compared to the year before. 
 
We also had a bigger growth trajectory. So, both of these would have been not 
getting normalized through the year. So, we are on track for that. We will see that 
almost Rs. 100 crores reduction in inventory through the year as we continue our 
operations. And on the actual cash flow of that, we will have to little bit do the 
working on the insurance and negotiate with the insurance teams to expedite cash 
flows. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And coming with this global MNC account opening. So earlier, we did not have any 
large reference point. Now with this global MNC account opening up and we have 
a good reference point. So, are we expecting that some kind of expediting our 
earlier approval than now? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, we continue to work with the global MNC and a few other larger corporate 
clients. That work is continuing. The challenges that we face are more tactical in 
terms of getting quickly the capacity on stream. On a strategic basis, on a midterm, 
multiyear basis, we are continuing to engage with our clients and R&D and ensuring 
that our product pipeline is continuing. 
Bharat Sheth: 
The last question on opening of this U.S. subsidiary. How is it going to really help? 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
So obviously, there are some large MNC which are headquartered in the U.S. So, 
we are looking at that in the next phase of growth to address these large MNC 
companies headquartered in U.S. as a further plan for growth in all the markets. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Are we seeing some kind of a benefit? I mean, early benefit or still itself this is too 
early? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, we are building the capability. It is basically the next phase of growth, we will 
need to build this in the U.S. market as well because the global MNCs are operating 
in all markets. U.S. market is normally one of their big markets. So, we want to keep 
our presence in the U.S. and European market which is more than, I would say, 
more than 50% of the global market share. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And last question for Rohit. Sir do we, Rohit because of this Indonesia, we have any 
financial tax benefit or anything? 
Rohit Saraogi: 
No, so for financial benefit, there is something, but which is not that substantial. 
The idea of setting up an Indonesia factory is part of our ‘3I’ strategy where speed 
to market is critical. Today, we are servicing Southeast Asia from India and that will 
give us further lag in the growth. And so it comes under ASEAN region. So we've got 
a duty-free benefit from serving from Indonesia as well. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. That will make us more competitive? 
Rohit Saraogi: 
Yes. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dilip Kumar Sahu from Enphase. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Yes. So now being an investor for six or years, I had a concern regarding the volatility 
that we have gone through, particularly in the first 4-5 years in '18 to '22, '23. Last 
two years have been, of course, quite stable. Our volatility emerged from two areas. 
One was the revenue fluctuation which came primarily because of us losing market 
share in the small and mid-sector. And second was the raw material price 
fluctuation and that impacted the gross margin. My question is the current uptrend 
we see in the small and medium enterprises. What has fundamentally changed how 
are we able to gain this market share? And the raw material, we had initiative to 
move from China, how much of impact it is having on the profitability? These are 
my first two questions. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think the Global Ingredients part of the business is directly reflecting the 
change away from China and you can see it in the results of that business. On the 
overall gross margin of the business, there is not much impact. It would be less than 
1% of moving away from China. But it's also important that we are not having supply 
chain shocks because we have domestic suppliers and local vendors for these 
products. So that is the additional benefit by moving away from China supply. 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
To your first question, the small and medium customers, we have always been 
servicing throughout the 100-plus years of our existence and we continue to 
service. We are well penetrated in this market. Start-up companies, e-commerce 
companies, many of the new brand companies, they are aware of our company, 
and we have a very good marketing team addressing their specific requirements. 
So, this is how we have continued to grow our small and midsized customers and 
we will continue to support them. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Yes. But we are making strides there, right? We are improving our market share 
that has been in your commentary. So, I'm just trying to find out, is there something 
fundamentally changed in the small and medium engagement that we have? 
Kedar Vaze: 
The fundamental change is the advent of e-commerce, there is more people who 
are now coming into SME on the FMCG side, kind of new entrepreneurs. There was 
a time when, I would say, 70s, 80s when new entrepreneurs started in FMCG. And 
in the post 2005, couple of decades until maybe early 2020s, there was a scenario 
where only the bigger FMCG companies continued to grow and there were not a 
lot of start-ups or small companies. 
 
I think as a result of some of the high visibility, listings and e-commerce taking 
central stage in many consumers' mind as well as entrepreneurs' mind, a lot of 
entrepreneurs who are starting new branch or small branch or online branch, are 
looking to put products with kind of FMCG Fragrant or Flavoured products on the 
market. That has helped us to start again on the small and midsized companies. This 
is a more general industry trend rather than specific to our company. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Sure, sure. My second question was, for so many years that I'm observing, we are 
between that 9% to 12% kind of a growth rate, sometimes less, sometimes more. I 
mean, I'm trying to figure out, is there a possibility of breaking free of this 10%, 
11%, 12% kind of a growth rate and go to a mid-teen, high-teen kind of growth rate? 
Is there a possibility? Because there are various reasons, sometimes you lose 
business and certain client base, sometimes your raw material fluctuations, 
sometimes we have incidents like the fire, etc. But net-net, we are at a 9%, 10% 
kind of a growth rate, including our acquisitions across. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think on the last two years, we have continued to grow 12% and higher CAGR 
without any significant acquisition or I would say, organic growth of the acquisition. 
So, while we may have had acquisition, we are talking about the incremental 
growth on the acquisition and not the original value. So, we have done more than 
12% CAGR in the last two years. As you mentioned, the fire incident, we are still 
early days. We will be able to recover and service our clients on a regular basis. 
 
So, there is a part where I think the 12% can slowly inch up but it's not an industry 
where suddenly you can grow at 20%, 25%. It's a continuous innovation industry. 
So as time goes, we are building up capability to do more, faster growth. And we 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 14 of 16 
are seeing the results of that year-on-year as we grow faster and faster and we are 
able to put out a 12% CAGR and that 12% will become 13%, 14% and so on and so 
forth. But it's not an industry where you can say 12% can become 25% or 20% 
overnight. 
Dilip Kumar Sahu: 
Sure, sure. No, I was looking at mid-teens but fine, I understand. My last question 
is regarding the R&D investment we are making,  where exactly is it directed? Is it 
to the new markets like Indonesia and ASEAN countries? Or is it Europe or U.S. 
where we are having a new setup? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have the R&D capabilities being built across three regions, which is the Italy, 
which is Europe, India and Indonesia all the three regions we are supporting with 
R&D and sales and development and local manufacturing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
I have two questions. First is regarding our utilization at Indian facilities. So, what is 
our utilization at Indian facility? 
Rohit Sarogi: 
Which facility? 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Indian facility, both. 
Kedar Vaze: 
We are not able to comprehend your question. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Yes. I was asking about the utilization rate at the Indian facilities. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So, at the moment, given that the Vashivali factory is not operational fully, we 
have shifted the production to the two sites, consolidated our Flavours site into 
one. So, our capacity utilization is excess of 85%. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Okay. And my next question is regarding the industry trends. So, what are the 
current industry trend? And what are your outlook for Fragrance and Flavours? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think the industry trend is quite positive. There is a sense of sort of calm before 
the storm in terms of the growth. A lot of the rural markets or the traditional FMCG 
is seeing slow uptick. I believe that post the election, the domestic uptick will 
resume. Internationally, we are, of course, not seeing any slowdown and our 
business continues to grow, both on Flavours as well as Fragrances. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from Samatva Investments. 
Rohit: 
I just had one question. On the European demand, I just wanted to understand both 
for Flavours as well as Fragrances, what has been the demand scenario in Europe? 
And any new geographies that we are planning to get in the European region? So 
that's my only questions. 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Kedar Vaze: 
So when we talk about Europe, we are largely talking about Italy and Netherlands 
as the first place where we have our operations and our demand. We have been 
expanding the demand into further geographies like Germany and adjacent 
countries. East Europe and Germany is now a significant target for us to expand our 
business in Europe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav Agarwal from SG Investments. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
I just had a question on the order book. You indicated the 10 million number. I just 
wanted to confirm, would that be USD or Euro? 
Kedar Vaze: 
USD. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
And so, this would be executable over what period, sir? 
Kedar Vaze: 
This is the order book on an annual basis. 
Madhav Agarwal: 
For the next year, what kind of growth can we expect in the order book? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we have been working on a multiyear contract in engaging with these clients. 
Our entire expected potential is $100 million. Of this, the $10 million is what we 
have already bagged. We continue to work with them and continue to engage for 
additional business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ganesh Shetty, who is an Individual Investor. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Congratulations, good set up number. I just want to have one clarification regarding 
Vashivali, whether the learnings from this incident have been transferred to other 
manufacturing units, whereas we can make our company BSS strong from all 
respects. And if you could throw some light on this. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. So the kind of learnings from this and the net improvements have already been 
initiated and they will take place as we go along, I mean, operationally and in terms 
of infrastructure capex as required. So, all of that has been done. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
And the Flavours division of the Vashivali location, whether that is intact and 
working in full capacity, sir? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That's correct. The Flavours division is intact and working in full capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions. Should you feel, 
need for any further clarification or would like to know more about the company, 
please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again for taking 
the time to join us on this call. 

 Q4 & FY24 Concall Transcript 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
On behalf of S H Kelkar & Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy.  
