 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: June 1, 2024 
 
To, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai- 400051. 
 
 
Scrip Symbol: FOCUS   
Series: EQ 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter Fourth and Financial Year 
ended on 31st March, 2024.  
 
Ref: Intimation of Earning Conference Call – Quarter and Financial Year – Q4 FY24 dated 27th 
May, 2024. 
 
In furtherance to our Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated 27th May, 2024 and pursuant to 
Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call held in connection with the Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) 
of the Company for the Quarter Fourth and Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2024 held on 30th May, 
2024, is enclosed and is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed on the 
following link: 
 
https://www.focuslightingandfixtures.com/investors/soaiim-fy-2023-24/  
 
Kindly take on record the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
FOR FOCUS LIGHTING AND FIXTURES LIMITED  
 
 
 
AMIT VINOD SHETH 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 01468052 
 
 
AMIT VINOD 
SHETH
Digitally signed by 
AMIT VINOD SHETH 
Date: 2024.06.01 
16:07:46 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited Q4 & FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AMIT SHETH, FOCUS LIGHTING & FIXTURES LIMITED 
MR. TARUN UDESHI, FOCUS LIGHTING & FIXTURES 
LIMITED 
 
 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
Amit Sheth: 
Good Evening, Everybody, and Welcome to Quarterly Results and Yearly Results of Focus 
Lighting & Fixtures Limited. I had requested Kirin Advisors for a zoom call. We've been talking 
from a few quarters that we are doing this technology; we have patents, and everybody's been 
listening to us, and nobody has an idea, and nobody has seen what we are doing and it's not 
possible for everybody to come to our factory and see what is our factory all about. 
So the whole idea of this presentation was that we showcase the technology what we've been 
working on and what we are developing for present and for future, also where we are heading 
to. And of course, there are few projects which we have executed and how it has made difference 
to our country and internationally and locally also. That is what we wanted to show. So, if 
everybody is okay and if everybody gives a thumbs up, then I will go with this presentation. It's 
a little technical presentation. If you find it that we are going overboard, you can always just put 
a thumbs down and I can skip a little bit and if you are interested, then I can explain things in 
detail. It's a very informative presentation and it also talks about the journey from where we 
started and where we are heading towards. So, if everybody is okay and Kirin confirms that, yes, 
everybody is okay on this panel, then I will go ahead with this presentation. 
So, under Focus Lighting, we have three brands. One of the most dominant brand is Plus Light 
Tech So this presentation was done under Plus Light Tech. 
We will just talk about the milestones what we had. As we all know, I will just go very fast. We 
started in 2008. We participated in Germany which is one of the biggest exhibition for retail 
industries, Mecca, for retail industry is called EuroShop. 
In 2011, parallelly, we also participated in a bigger way. We were the first company to present 
LED technology in 2011 in Germany. There was no other company except us. 
In 2013, we got a small factory in Kandivli which is shown here. 
In 2015, we set up the lab in the same factory in Kandivli. The factory was just 4,500 square 
feet. 
2016 was a very important year for Focus Lighting. If you see this, in 2016, we are tied up with 
this company called Bartenbach where we got all the patented technology, and this is just one of 
the image of the reflector of the optics what you see. 
In 2017, after that we went public. We were on SME. 
Now, in 2018 with that SME, whatever money we got, we started with this mega factory in 
Ahmedabad currently where I am sitting. This is 80,000 square feet. 
In 2020, we got Red Dot Design Award, a German Design Award. 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
In 2021, we got associated with railways and we started working with railways. 
In 2021, again, we were listed on the main board. 
Tarun, over to you on the financials if you can just explain the financials please. 
Tarun Udeshi: 
Yes, Sir. Good afternoon, everybody. This is Tarun Udeshi here. Welcome to this call. So, if you 
see the quarter wise in Q1, we did 52.98 crores, in Q2, we did 57.86 crores, in Q3, we did 59 
crores, and in Q4, we did 60.3 crores. So next to that, we have also shown the EBITDA, PBT, 
PAT and total comprehensive income as well. So, from this graph, this is very illustrative that 
throughout the quarters, we've been able to maintain our turnover. In fact, there is a growth if 
we compare it to the previous quarters. So, in this Q1, we did a PAT of 9.03 crores, in Q2, we 
did a PAT of 9.59 crores, in Q3, we did again 9.69 crores, and in Q4 there was a growth, we did 
2.71 crores, the PAT in Q4 is 10.71 crores. 
Next slide. So, this shows our year-on-year journey from compared to from Financial Year ‘21-
22, '23-24. If you see in a Financial Year ‘21 we had a total income of 60.84 crores which 
increased to 106.6 crores in Financial Year ‘22 and in Financial Year ‘23 we did 169.94 crores 
and in this financial year, we have done a total turnover of 230 crores. So this is a growth which 
we are trying to show it to you. 
And even if you see the profitability, the PAT in this financial year, it is 38.72 crores, and the 
total comprehensive income is 39.21 crores. So these two slides show a quarter-on-quarter and 
year-on- year growth of our company. This is very brief in financials. 
Next slide is about verticals. 
Amit Sheth: 
So typically, we have four verticals -- Retail, Residential, Railways and Infrastructure. 
Infrastructure includes indoor as well as outdoor. These are the predominant four verticals where 
we are working right now. By next year, we'll be adding one more vertical, which is one of the 
largest verticals for lighting industry, which is called Trade. And we'll discuss that later or maybe 
in Q&A we will discuss it. 
So, as a company, we always say we are a tech company, we rely on technology. So, we just 
wanted to give some idea what exactly these technologies are all about. So, we have patent for 
various reasons. One of the key patent is if you see these two images, on the left side, it's a beam 
angle for example 30 deg., but there is a spillover of light. So, the light is going outside the beam, 
whereas in our case we have been able to control 90% of the light and that is how we give 
savings to our customers wherein we say that if you are using 30 watts from the industry you 
can use probably 15 to 17 watt with us and you will get the same output in the angle, in the area 
where you want light. So, the first patent is for that. This is just an illustration to show that we 
just have a spillover of 10% as compared to industry has got 50% spillover, they cannot control 
light. This works very efficiently for infrastructure projects and retail, because in retail you want 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
to highlight the product, you don't want the light to go outside the product. So, this gives that 
uniqueness. 
We've been telling that we have one of the smallest fixtures in the world. The fixture is of 10mm 
dia. And this is an image to show, if you can see the three dots on the top, it is just to give an 
idea that how small these fixtures are. 
With these fixtures, I will just like to add, we have done with this dots, some of the largest offices 
in the world like SABIC. SABIC is one of the largest refinery in the world. They have installed 
more than 80,000 numbers. Amsterdam Airport also has been done with these dots. Most of the 
residential applications we use this dot. It's cause a multifunctional. It's also a patented 
technology, not because of the size, but because of the technology what it gives. It gives the 
control light. It has also got something called tunability. Tunability is wherein you can change 
the color temperature from sunrise to sunset. Sunrise to sunset is sun does not have one color, in 
the morning it is orange, red, in the afternoon it becomes white or cold colors, in the evening 
again it becomes orange, red. And in the night when we didn't had artificial light, we used to sit 
in front of fire. So, it will change the color to fire. So, that is the reason we have patent on this. 
So, this page was included because this optics was specially developed for Focus and with this 
optics we could save on the energy, we could increase the output from the fixture, from the 
luminaire by almost 50%. That is the strength and that's also one of the reasons for patent. 
On the images, we have a very unique wall washer. What is wall washer? So, if you guys have 
gone from Bombay Airport, when you walk from the aisle, you have a lot of images or history 
of Bombay on the walls, and they want to wash it from top to bottom. Typically, if you see the 
left side of the image, you get those scallops. With this wall washers, you don't get the scallops. 
We have one of the strongest and the one of the most technologically advanced wall washers in 
the industry. So that is the reason we are showing this and of course it is patented. 
If anybody would have heard of, this is more for residential application Fibonacci Sequence. 
Fibonacci Sequence is nothing but it's all related. There is a pattern in nature like we have given 
an image of sunflower. Even a human face has got a pattern and we developed optics very close 
to that nature, the design is very close to nature. Again, we got this patented. 
This is again a very unique wall washer which is washing from top to bottom. If you see the first 
branding on the top Plus Light Tech, that's the whole idea. It's very uniform, very constant and 
it has got one of the largest applications. 
So, we work very hard on glare ratio. We have the lowest glare. Now, what is glare? Glare is 
something which it hurts eyes like typically when you have a car headlight in the night coming 
on your face, it irritates you. You get blind. So, glare is something which is most ignored in our 
industry. We worked very hard. This was a live demo which a physicist in Austria was doing to 
us and explaining how we can reduce the glare. And today, as per the industry standards, we 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
have the lowest glare in the industry. Now you see it and now you don't see the image on the left 
side, you see glare in one fixture and the second fixture you don't see the glare and we have 
patent because of that also in most of our luminaires. 
So, the whole idea of how we design is how we reduce the wattage consumption, less heat release 
from the fixtures. So, of course, the air conditioning load goes down, reduce electrical load also, 
and also keeping design in mind where we are using sustainable materials now which is also one 
big breakthrough which we might get in a quarter's time, we'll discuss during Q&A. 
So, this is just an example wherein we have reduced the manufacturing process in terms of 
energy, the weight of the product, in terms of manufacturing, assembly time by just using more 
sustainable materials is just an explanation on that. 
In our trade business, we have tie-up with few fortune companies, upcoming iconic product 
design for disruption in trade business. 5 lakh tube lights from 140,000 spotlights per month. So, 
this is something what we are doing is in trade, we have tied up with some large OEMs where 
we'll be manufacturing fixtures for them in their brand. We'll be providing some disruptive 
technologies to them. This also we can discuss it during Q&A session. 
So, this is something we are very proud of. I've just muted the voice of this gentleman so that I 
can explain you. So, till now this technology is not available in the world. What he's doing is 
he's making a light from a very narrow to wide with one single optic, whereas in industry 
typically if you want to do this, you need more than 30 to 40 optics investment in 30 to 40 optics 
inventory of the same. This, we have cracked, and we are doing it with one single optic which 
just by moving it, we can change the beam angle. This is again we are taking worldwide patent 
and exclusivity for this product. 
Also, one more thing. The beam can be made very electrical, longitudinal and if you change, 
this is me who is changing it,. video is sorry, but the video is a little low now, by just changing 
the film, the beam becomes vertical. Currently, this technology is also not available. We have 
cracked this. We've been working from the last two years, and we just got fantastic results, and 
this will give absolutely monopoly not only in India but worldwide to us. 
So, with this technology, we will have the smallest beam. Why we need smallest beam, because 
if you have very tall monuments or if you have bridges and if you want to let those bridges, you 
need very narrow beam. Internationally. We did feasibility study of ten companies. No company 
has got less than 60 deg. beams. We have the smallest beam of 2 deg. And the same lens can go 
from 2 deg. to 60 deg. In industry, the minimum beam is 6 or 10 is what we have seen, and you 
have different, different lenses manufactured to go up to 60 deg. 
This is the program for outdoor which we are developing or based on that technology these 
products have been designed and developed for outdoor application. This has been designed by 
a young German designer called Renee Roybal from Dusseldorf, Germany. Just to give an idea 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
of what outdoor is. So, this product will add to landscape light to facade lighting. What is 
landscape and façade? Beautification of forts, temples, monuments, heritage buildings, any 
places which needs to be beautified with lights. These products will have a sort of monopoly. 
This is something we have developed for retail industry. So, this was a case study we had done. 
I will just go through the video. So currently in retail the normal distance between two fixtures 
is what we are showing is 1.4 meters by 1.4 meters. Sorry, I skipped the video. So yes, this is the 
distance normally what we have, and we achieve certain amount of lux levels. With the new 
technology, what we are introducing, we are reducing from 257 to 70 luminaires, that is less than 
three times. We are able to increase the grid by 2.5 meters. Now, this is a very, very disruptive 
technology. The products just been introduced for retailers. So, this is how typically the store 
looks. And with the new technology, the quantity is reduced to probably one-third of it. It saves 
on energy; it saves on electrical load. We have introduced one more technology wherein the light 
never used to curve from top to bottom. Now, it helps to cover from top to bottom. That's the 
whole idea of the technology. We've got the patent also done. Just for the information, this 
technology is currently not available with top three companies in Europe also, which is the 
largest market and most matured market for retail. 
We've also gone ahead and developed some IoT for a retail industry. I will just play the video, 
it's a short video. So, it senses people and wherever the people are, the lights will come to 100%. 
Wherever the people move, there the lights will come to 100%. It is programmable. So, if the 
people are not there, you can reduce it to 20% or 30% or make it completely dark. Normally, 
that is not advisable to keep it completely dark. 
We have gone one step ahead. Instead of motion, we are now monitoring the heartbeat so that if 
there is no motion also the place does not get dark, which is a common problem in most of the 
spaces with sensors. This technology is there from ages, but this was not there on IoT, this was 
not there as wireless bluetooth mesh, this is a bluetooth mesh technology, that's the reason it is 
disruptive. 
Another technology what we are introducing is wherein a retailer when they have a large size 
showrooms, they don't know where the business is happening and which area the business is not 
happening. So, this actually looks into the thermal area, and it tells real-time to the retailer where 
people are going inside his store and which area people are not going. It can be a design issue, 
it can be a merchandise issue, it can be a pricing issue. That is their thing to find out. Our job is 
to just tell them that there is one corner where people are not moving and there is something 
wrong with that corner. So, retailers can change as per the requirement and this is one of the 
most informative thing which our retailer requires. 
These are our designers who has built our company. I will start with a gentleman in the top right. 
Very dear guy to us. He was the one who helped us from way back from 2008 till date and he 
has built most of the products for retail George Kaluza, he's a product designer who helped us 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
for whom Gork and Sergei Alexander has been a very innovative person, and he is designing a 
lot of lights for infra projects for us. 
These are some of the look and feel of the products what we are designing just to get an idea. 
We are not into bulbs, tubes, panels which are commodity items. But this is again as I showed 
you in the first slide, the wall I gave an example of the airport, now we have the smallest fixture 
in wall washer which is just 13mm. And typically, when you want the light on the walls as well 
as on the floor, you can have two sides and you can lit up both the walls and have center area 
also lit. The biggest application is airports, hotels where they have offices where they have long 
aisles. Also, residential where you don't want light on your head, but you want all the bounce 
light. 
Some of the examples of how our dots look, how unique they look. This was the first introduction 
that happened for outdoor among the first, not the first. We realized that this type of decorative 
elements are used all over the country, but they are either very expensive when brought it from 
Europe and China. The quality is, as usual, very poor. So, we decided that we'll develop design 
these type of products. 
We are doing some large infrastructure projects with the pole which you see on the right hand 
side for some of the government projects. Still, the orders have not been awarded, so I am not 
able to name the projects we are bidding for. 
Again, some of the outdoor projects. USP of this product is that it has the largest coverage in the 
industry. When I say industry largest coverage today in the world with a single light fixture, it is 
just 14 watt, and it covers 8 meters. Normally, if you see any Hiranandanis or DLF societies they 
have hundreds and thousands of Olas or universities and they use at every 1 metre, 1 metre. We 
can stretch up to 8 meters, so we are reducing almost 7 textures in comparison to us. 
Again internationally in Europe today they are very much concerned about the wildlife, how 
birds and animals are disturbed in the night. So, what is the quantity of light that is going in the 
sky? It is called light pollution. So, this has got the best rating. It is called Bug Rating, Backward 
Upward and Ground. This is one of the strongest fixtures what we design. And this is just a 
technical drawing how the light is flowing. 
The same fixture we made it modular. What you saw was a site throw. This is forward throw of 
again 8 meters. This is a very, very unique streetlight, not meant for regular streets, not meant 
for highways but this is meant for societies. Again, the focus is on DLFs or Hiranandanis of the 
world, where they need something unique, but they need a very wide coverage. We are doing a 
very large project wherein they use at 36 meters. The street light is only 3 meters height, not 
typically 9 meters and 10 meters like we have it on the street and still it covers the largest area 
of 36 meters. These are actual renders of the same. 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
Very unique bollard again with very high quality, we have made with natural wood and all. And 
it covers again 8 to 10 meters at a height of 1 metre. Again, it's a patented technology. There is 
not a single product of this line today in the industry where it covers such a large area. 
I've been talking from the last two quarters that we have developed a lot of products for railways 
and these are the typical products for railways we're using all these years. And again, we have 
not added any value to this product, we have just developed and we got approved. This was 
another product which is a reading light for railways, and which has got USP. Again, we have 
not added any value to this product. I will be very honest. This is a product, or if somebody has 
travelled by Vande Bharat, it's a reading light which is exactly on the passengers’ head and they 
had lot of problems with the touch, with the light quality, it's been blowing up very often and a 
lot of glare was there. So, we designed. It was an initiative from Focus. This is a special product 
which was designed for railways, and they gave us a provisional approval last to last week and 
now we will be supplying it for one bogie, and they will test it for three months. After that it will 
be a regular supply. But this is a unique design. Again, we have got design registration to ensure 
that this product is not copied in the industry. 
Different applications for outdoor. This is indoor or office lighting. This is outdoor again Bolage. 
These are some of the infrastructure projects which we have executed and we've been talking 
about Kundalpur from last four quarters, probably one year and this is the size, it was bigger 
than Ram Temple in Ayodhya. 
This is a project we did in Surat Fort. Again, it is up and running now. It's a three minutes video. 
I know it's a little annoying, but I will just run it for a minute or so just to get an idea. This is 
something unique we have done. It is called 3D protection mapping. 
Everything is happening on the wall. We did three videos for them. This is one of them. This 
was the first presentation which was given to them. Now, it's executed. 
This is something we are very proud of. We have developed for one of the beach, which we are 
executing it. Since the order is not finalized, we are not mentioning the name of the beach which 
we are doing it, but originally it was 6 meters, now we are extending it to 9 meters pole. There 
are no lights which are popping out. Everything is inbuilt inside the luminaire. And this is an 
area, this is the actual effect on the right hand side what you see. We are reducing the glare 
considerably because people come on the beach to enjoy the space, they don't need light 
pollution, there is zero light pollution, no glare. And these are the different types of effect what 
we are getting it from the same bullet has already been approved by the lighting consultant who's 
working on it. We are just making prototypes, and this will be executed. The project size is 
roughly 30 crores for this project. 
We have not been allowed to take photographs after the project has been executed. But when the 
site was going on, this is Dial Airport, Delhi which we are executing. We just included it. 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
This is our manufacturing facility based in Ahmedabad or this is the reception area. This is a 
small display we have. This is the conference room where I am sitting right now. Some displays 
we show right and wrong. If you see the colors, the left side looks more brilliant than the right 
side. So, we give actual demo, and this is the aisle of our factory. This is again a showcase of 
three doors how powerful they are, what is the crisp quality of light in our factory, experience in 
retail and there are a lot of retail customers. 
This is where the assembly happens. Complete manufacturing facilities indation, because we 
work with electronics, we maintain 25° + -1°. Flooring is a special flooring which is called ESD 
flooring, because we work with the electronics so that there is no current from humans going on 
the circuit and circuits getting damaged. It's one of the factories in the country… in fact, I can 
say it's only the factory of this quality in country today. 
Some of the SMT machines, this can populate, It's called Pick and Plates, it is used for electronics 
and for lamp manufacturing. It does 38,000 components in an hour. Some of the testing facility, 
aluminum cutting facility, electronic testing facility. 
These are some for testing for safety and performance which we have. Again, as I told before 
also we have our lab which is NABL accredited, so our certifications are approved worldwide, 
and it's not challenged because we are NABL-accredited. 
Just going quickly through it through different instruments. This is a vertical storage system 
which helped us to save almost two hours per day. Everything is computerized. So the material 
once goes in, the guy just says that okay, I need this product and it will take out all the 
components automatically. We just installed three for heavy duty components and six machines 
for electronic components and we have been extremely successful. This is how it comes out. 
And instead of two hours now, we are spending not more than 10 minutes for all the components. 
And these are for electronics as I told you. We do a lot of R&D and research and we've got some 
major breakthrough. So, this is something where we do a lot of prototypes. These are prototyping 
machines. Some other certifications what we have. We are very proud to say that we've got a 
ENEC. ENEC is one of the highest safety certification in Europe. We've got it with Focus on our 
electronics. We had Red Dot and German Design award for our products, and this was a product 
where we got those awards. Red Dot and German Design award both are from Germany. 
Some of the brands uh in automobile, which we have been associated is Mercedes, Audi, Volvo, 
BMW, Porsche, Citron and a few more. 
Some of the marquee brands we work very closely, Reliance, Tatas, IKEA, Uniqlo, Lenskart, 
Jockey, Apple, with L&T we work very closely. So, these are some of the infra projects what we 
did, Kundalpur Surat Port, Delhi Airport, Central Vista, Central Secretariat, we did project for 
Sarsa. It is considered as world's best renowned architect. We did ITC, Shanghai. 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
Thank you very much. We can start with questions answers. I am sorry if I am bored, but the 
idea was that we make you guys understand what we've been doing, and it gives a fair idea. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Naveen, I have unmuted your line. Please go ahead and ask your question. 
Naveen: 
My first question is on the retail segment. This year, the retail segment has shown a slower 
growth compared to the overall growth of the company. Any comments on the same and what is 
the outlook for the next year? 
Amit Sheth: 
The largest retailer in India is Reliance and we all know that Reliance had taken over Future 
Group some or the other and the name was changed from Future Group brands to Reliance Stores 
like Central was changed to Centro, which is a large format 1.5 lakh square feet, 2 lakh square 
feet. Most of the stores have been changed names. So, they are trying to reconcile it. They are 
doing consolidation in short. And we see as a major player as Reliance to be slow for the first 
two quarters also till retail is concerned. Overall retail, otherwise, we don't see major problem. 
Middle East is booming. With the technology what I was trying to show you where from 272-
odd fixtures, I don't remember the exact number to 70 numbers. With those type of technologies, 
I think we will have a good traction in India as well as in Middle East. We don't see a very, very 
aggressive growth, but we see at least 15% to 30% growth for this financial year. As I told you 
that we are working on certain materials wherein we are reducing the weight, the density by five 
times. So, for example, typically today in our industry, we were using all aluminum fresh die 
cast which is not easy to recycle, which is not a sustainable material. We are trying to change it. 
We have got a thermal conductive material which we are working on. We are at an edge where 
we'll be able to prove, and we'll be the first mover in the industry around the world. Nobody has 
uses will be the first mover if we have been successful to use that material successfully for 
lighting industry and it's 100% recyclable, it is 100% sustainable, and it's a lightweight material, 
and it will disrupt the industry because of the cost. But that will take six months to eight months 
probably for us to develop it if it is successful. 
Naveen: 
Which are the other segments for the current year you are seeing visibility? Home segment has 
been growing. 
Amit Sheth: 
We are looking at home as an exponential growth. Last year we have our focus was in developing 
a complete portfolio for home industry. Home and infra are the two areas where we see 
exponential growth happening. We have some very large projects which we have bidded in infra 
and we see great traction coming this year. We are very bullish with this too. 
Naveen: 
So, my last question is, this significant jump in receivables this year, any comment on the same? 
Amit Sheth: 
See, infra projects are increasing. We started two years back and it's actually becoming bigger 
than home, maybe it will be parallel to retail. Now we all know that government money is 
secured. Infra is mainly with government or large contractors like L&T, Shapoorji Pallonji or 
Tatas. The problem is that till the time the project is not executed; the payment is not cleared and 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
that's where it is a little bit stretched out. But what I understand from our CFO, maybe Tarun, if 
you can come in and explain what you had during our annual sales meet how the payment has 
improved. 
Tarun Udeshi: 
Payment in regards to retail, home and other sectors, we have controlled over it and as sir rightly 
said only in infra wherein there are government formalities are involved. In that, it is taking time. 
Otherwise, if you see in retail and home and in railways, we do not have substantial outstanding 
at all, I mean every outstanding has been controlling below 180 days. So, it doesn't go above 90 
days in short, to be very honest. But it is well in control in those three verticals. 
Amit Sheth: 
And also, the ticket size in infra is pretty large. Single size orders, they are from 5 crores to 
almost 40 to 50 crores currently what we are bidding, I think the highest order what we have is 
40 crores right now. 15% to 17% of our turnover. 
Naveen: 
But if we see the fourth quarter, the main contribution was coming from retail and home. But 
still our receivables jumped to 81 crores, while the turnover was just 60 crores. 
Amit Sheth: 
It's an accumulated receivable. It's not of that quarter. You are looking at the turnover of the 
quarter, but the receivables are accumulated of the whole year, no. See, as a company, what we 
see is whether it is 30 days outstanding, 60 days outstanding, 90 days or 180 days. So, it has got 
nothing to do with the turnover of that quarter, but it is not possible technically that if you have 
60 crores turnover, you will run outstanding of 80 crores, right? So that is an accumulated over 
a period of time. 
Naveen: 
More than six months, what is the receivable we have? 
Amit Sheth: 
I think what we can do is you can ask these questions on e-mail also because there are a lot of 
people waiting, they're almost 19 messages here so that it can just move a little faster and those 
questions can be answered in between also. Tarun, just remember this and answer it once you 
see it. 
Speaker: 
Mr. Pika, I have unmuted your line. Please go ahead and ask your question. 
Pika: 
Sir, I have a few questions. What is the typical timeline of your project business and what is the 
average ticket size? 
Amit Sheth: 
Retail is very fast running. Homes average timelines are somewhere between 30 to 90 days. It 
depends upon the size also. So sometimes typically architect will approach us before they start 
the interiors or sometimes if he's building up the whole house, then it will be a year's time also. 
But lighting comes in the end, so normally we get to 30 to 90 days’ time. Infra is somewhere 
around six months to two years wherein for Bombay Airport, what we got, the information what 
we got from Bombay Airport was way back in 2020 I guess. And the designing, specifications, 
everything was done in 2020 and now they have ordered it. So infra is something very difficult 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
to put a timeline. Sometimes if it's a fast running project then it happens in three to six months, 
but that's the minimum time, it takes three to six months and sometimes it can go for two to three 
years also. So, whatever we are bidding today, it comes after two years or three years. Typical 
ticket size you ask, retail typical ticket size is somewhere between 20 lakhs to a crore except for 
large format stores like IKEA, where it goes to 4 to 5 crores. Automobile Industries 20 to 30 
lakhs per store average, I am talking except for Mercedes. Mercedes goes a little higher 50 to 1 
crore. Home average ticket size is something between 5 lakhs to three crores. Infra, minimum 
ticket is 5 crores, it goes up to 30 to 40 crores. 
Pika: 
Sir, can you please show any few more glimpse of products for railways? 
Amit Sheth: 
So, railways, whatever products we have designed and developed I have shown it to you. Now 
we are designing for Vande Bharat, there's a new train for Vande Bharat which has been 
launched. It's not a sitting or a sleeper coach. So, there are some developments which are 
happening, but we have signed an NDA, I am not allowed to show it to you. 
Speaker: 
We have received few questions in Q&A section. Amit sir, I will read out the questions for you 
and you can answer them live. Anonymous attendee, home business QoQ growth did not happen 
this quarter. What is playing out there? When do we expect the next inflection point in that 
segment? 
Amit Sheth: 
I don't know the numbers what you have, but home, as I told you before also, and I am telling in 
every call, as a company we see not quarter-to-quarter, we see year-on-year, and year-on-year 
Home is growing almost by 100% and we are very happy with the overall growth and we still 
see that the home will grow with the speed with the type of investments what we are doing in 
this product line in this particular vertical, and whatever technologies we have, they are very, 
very unique and all are patented. There's a lot of science behind it. We are the only company 
who is working on light and health. And very few people know that it affects your health also. 
So more we market, more we open experience centers, more we allow architects, interior 
designers, consultants to know what technology is this all about, this business is going to grow 
till home is concerned. 
Speaker: 
Next question is from Yashwanti Khelkar. What is the order book pipeline for the project 
business and by when outdoor products will be manufactured by Focus? 
Amit Sheth: 
What is the order book pipeline? See, we know what orders we have bid for and once the order 
comes it is executed in another two to three months’ time, supply is done, execution takes some 
more time because the site has to be ready, it should be able to take the infrastructure. But 
currently what we are getting is a very, very large number. And till outdoor space is concerned 
and price is concerned the product what we have shown you which has been installed in one of 
the beaches, that product value itself is single product value itself is 30 crores what we are doing 
with one of the beach in India. I am not again able to say the name because it's still not confirmed 
to us though consultant has approved it, it will be not fair for me to say on this platform. For us 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
retail is also project for us, infra is also projects, even in home lighting is also projects because 
we don't sell it at the counter, it's for us, it is B2B. So, what we see average growth is somewhere 
around 30% year-on-year overall as a company for project business. We are not into trade; we 
are getting into trade and trade will take another six months to eight months for us to launch 
also. 
Speaker: 
Next question is from Ananya Swaminathan. I wanted to know how much time it typically takes 
to develop a product or a technology? 
Amit Sheth: 
So when we were typically in this project and project business for whether it is retail or infra 
projects, what we are developing… because the technologies are very unique, nobody has 
developed till date, it normally takes us six months to one year to come out with the technology, 
get the patents done and then develop products. So average time is one year. Today, we have set 
up a very large team because we are entering into trade and we are bringing some uniqueness, 
some disruption in trade industry. And so, we have an in-house team of 13 to 14 people working 
only on it and the idea is that every month we'll roll out our new product for trade and retail once 
we know that this technology is working. What is the Mumbai airport tender coming along, do 
we still expect, it was 80 plus crores for that this year? No, there are four phases of Bombay 
airport. The first phase order has been released to us and another three phase is still pending till 
Bombay Airport is concerned. First phase is some 8.5 crores. So on an average will do 35, 36 
crores for Bombay Airport but it is phase wise. I don't know when the second, third and the 
fourth phase will come. Probably, they are very keen to open up the first phase, set deadline 
internally what they were discussing was somewhere around July or August, but I am not sure 
whether they will be able to meet those deadlines. After that, they will start with the second and 
the third phase. So I don't think so it will be coming this year. Maybe the orders will be placed 
this year, but the execution will not happen this year. 
How big is your design team and what is an average period? For the product development also, 
do we have any kind of patent for this product? I've already answered. 13 to 14 people are 
working only on the design team. We have some guys coming from NIIT. NIIT is one of the best 
institutes in the country. Guys who have done Masters in Product Designing, now they are 
working with us. You have seen I have already shown the designers internationally they are 
working with. The idea is that we will be doing it in-house. 
For the other product development also do we have any kind? Yes, most of the products would 
be designed and developed. They're all patented. If it is not unique, if we are not getting some 
sort of monopoly or we are not adding any value, we as a company does not make any sense to 
invest on it. 
What kind of revenue are you expecting now and that you are approved and how this will 
increase when you are reading light becomes fully approved versus approval right now? I don't 
know the numbers. I have no ideas on it. What we realize in railways, there are three bodies 
where they do tender system, but large chunk of business comes from private players, companies 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
like Alstom who executes coaches for them and they are the ones who are really worried about 
the quality because in the end they give guarantee to the railways and there are four companies 
like that, I am not able to recollect those names but we are meeting them. They are coming to 
our factory, seeing our facility and there's a tie up, there's a serious discussion going on. But 
honestly, I have no idea on the revenue part of it, what revenue it will add to our current financial 
year. 
Vijay Chavan, elaborate on the product launch in FY'24 and the pipeline for coming period, 
elaborate on the product launch. Okay, I've already shown what we are doing, what technologies 
we are working for indoors or outdoors. Outdoors, we are getting it patented and we've already 
got it and now we are developing those fixtures that will be launched in December. Our complete 
portfolio of outdoor which I've already showcased to you in my presentation. Parallely we are 
working for trade. In trade, we are working in two areas. We have taken a conscious call. In 
trade, which are non-technical product but still we are adding some value in terms of materials. 
We are discarding aluminum and we are going with some special material which will reduce the 
weight, which will make the production very fast, where we will be able to assemble and 
manufacture products in few seconds. And which will differentiate in trade and that's where we 
have tied up with two companies where we'll be producing basic downlights and tube lights, 
assemble tube light where we add a lot of value in terms of every month, few lakh pieces for 
them, that is something what we are doing in trade. And we are just waiting for doing batch of 
samples where we can check all the thermals and everything, where the LED is the biggest 
enemy is thermals, heat and if we are able to discard aluminum, then it is very disruptive because 
it's a recycle material and Europe today is highly focused on recycled material, they want to get 
away from aluminum, but they don't have knowhow for it where if we are able to do this and if 
we are able to patent that, then this will give us a huge platform in European market also, and 
not only in trade sector, but it will also help us in retail, we'll be discarding aluminum, in retail 
as well as in infra projects also. 
What is the sustainable EBITDA margin in future? 23% upward by us. The whole target is to 
maintain the EBITDA margins in terms of percentage more or less same, Plus/minus 2% to 3%, 
of course, we are looking for a plus not minus. 
Participant: 
Do you have a technology tie up for Luminaire range? 
We don't have any technological tie-up for Luminaire range. We design Luminaires with product 
designers which were initially from outside, now parallely we are doing it in-house also. We do 
optical design outside which is with a company called Bartenbach. 
 
What is the growth rate we can maintain? We have achieved around 35% growth in our revenues. 
And what is the profitable margin we can maintain? I have answered, we are looking for an 
average growth with all the verticals. We should be able to maintain 30% to 35% growth and 
profitability in terms of EBITDA and PAT somewhere between 17% to 19% we should be able 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
to maintain. Till the time we add innovation, we have disruptive technologies. I don't see any 
reason why we won't be able to maintain it. 
We are facing headwinds in retail segment. Are we seeing any green shoots that are going to be 
in next FY? Yes, as I told you there are two technologies where one is I showed you in 
presentation where we are drastically reducing number of light fixtures for retailers. Please tell 
me which retailer will not allow to reduce the quantity to one-fourth. I think that is the most 
disruptive thing what we can do. And the second disruption is of course the CAPEX by reducing 
the weight by going for this new advanced materials and discarding aluminum which is not a 
sustainable technology. I think sky is the limit if we can achieve that. But that is something 
parallely what we are working on. 
We are facing headwinds. Are we working on any government projects? Yes, we are working on 
multiple government projects. like Surat Fort or the Beach project is also government, we are 
doing dams, we are doing some heritage buildings, a lot of things are in pipeline. 
How many showrooms we have supplied in automobile? Whatever brands we said almost 80% 
of the jobs comes to us, in last two years only 4%, Tata Motors, we would have done 1,800 to 
2000 stores. That's one number I remember. The size of BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Volvo or Citroen 
is not so large, but yes, there are considerable numbers for us. 
Speaker: 
Sir, we are taking one more question from Parikshit Kandpal. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I have two questions. #1 might be a little bit silly. Can you please explain what is the trade 
business, is that basically contract manufacturing? 
Amit Sheth: 
No, trade business is not just contract. Trade basically it's B2C. So, let's say if you know the 
names like Philips, Osram, Havells, Halonix, Panasonic, Crompton, Bajaj. Their market is 
predominantly trade. So they give it to the small, small retailers and retailers sells it to the end 
consumers. In the last two years we've been tracking trade business. The value of the product is 
very low, but the volume is very large. And a major problem the industry is facing is that it has 
become a commodity and everybody is fighting hard to save few paise and few rupees. So they 
compromise in the products, for example, if it's a tube light, originally it was four feet, now they 
have shrinked to three feet now, two and a half they are doing. So, they're trying to save on the 
material cost and doing it. Frankly, if you ask me if there is any end user, it doesn't matter to the 
end user if the product is of good quality if it is adding some value to it and product looks really 
smart or instead of being Rs.200, he's happy to pay Rs.300. With today, these companies have 
not understood it. If you remove the name from their tube lights or from their bulbs, or from 
their down lights, you can't even know that whether this is a product of Philips or Osram or 
Panasonic, they all look the same. They survive because of the brand value, but they are not 
surviving because of the product. That's the reason they have average trade business has degrown 
by 8% to 12% depending on company-to-company. And I know the numbers of Philips; they 
degrown by 10% average and which is a large sized business, almost 2, 2,500 crores what Philips 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
does in India. Now the first thing what we were doing was that how we can differentiate it in 
terms of product design, in terms of description in the materials used, in terms of assembly, how 
we can assemble the product. Typically, it takes four to six minutes to assemble whether we can 
do it in three seconds, 15 to 20 seconds, that was the whole idea. Whether we can make it 
completely screwless. There were a lot of influence from one of the brands we had and we really 
studied that brand. And we realize that there is a way and there is a process where you can cut 
down on the cost but not compromise on the product, improve the product, differentiate it from 
the others and that's where you get a good market traction. So that is what trade is all about. 
Now, as a company, if you want to enter trade, you need to be a brand. We are not a brand in the 
industry which we know very well, and to develop a brand, it costs a lot of money, marketing 
expenses are very high. So, the first step for us is to differentiate on the product. Second step is 
to become an OEM to these large players where we have an assured business of three digit 
numbers and parallely we create our own brand, we invest the same money and create our own 
brand. That's the whole idea of brand. I hope I could answer this question. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The receivables have increased almost 50 crores YoY and the infra business was only 15 crores 
as per the presentation. So, the increase in receivables is it's looking a bit concerning. That's why 
I just want to repeat the question if Tarun can answer. 
Tarun Udeshi: 
So, if you see the total breakup of the receivables, so above six months, the receivable is 12.42 
crores and below six months the receivable is 73.28 crores. So, if you see all the receivables are 
well below six months. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Then Tarun, would it be fair to assume that the receivables are not just from the infra business 
but also from some of the other verticals? 
Tarun Udeshi: 
So major contribution is of infra, yes from other verticals also there might be some receivables. 
If you want the break up I will give but below six months it is 73.28 crores. So major debtors is 
of below six months which is what I am trying to say. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
I understand and hopefully I can connect with you afterwards on your e-mail to get this. 
Any CAPEX is planned? Yes, we are planning for CAPEX. Though we have a spare capacity, 
but the way business is growing, maybe we have to plan ahead after what will happen after three 
years. So, we are doing the planning well in advance or we'll inform you once there everything 
is on the paper. 
Who are your close competitors? We have lot of European brands in terms of pricing, we have 
to compete with local Indians and Chinese brands. 
Are we working with Jewar airport? Yes we are. We are already bidding for Jewar airport which 
is in UP. 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
Do you stick with your guidance? Yes, we are very optimistic we will be able to touch those top 
lines whatever we are looking in '26-27 probably '27-28. 
Can you explain on the new vertical on trade margin, average ticket size commitments available, 
what are the overall expectation for the next FY? Trade, we have just started. It's very difficult 
to say what will be the top line. OEM business we have expected turnovers, but I will not like 
to reveal it till the time we get those numbers because the numbers are very large, and we are 
not able to digest it. By ourselves, the commitment what I have got with the type of 
differentiation for the first year and it will be a 100% growth year-on-year. So, we are looking 
at two verticals, one is OEM business, and one is business in trade what we'll be doing it by 
ourselves. Our numbers will be minimum 50 crores. With OEM, sky is the limit what we can do 
with them. 
Can you explain your what is our spend on R&D? I don't know the numbers on spend of R&D. 
Everything is in-house what we do. We develop our technologies in-house, we have labs, we 
have just created a new lab for outdoor in our facility, we had only indoor lab and that is also 
getting NABL certified. Yes, we mainly spend on softwares to develop thermal softwares or 
product design softwares which is done like we have 20, 21 licenses for SolidWorks. Our lab 
investment, it's a continuous process. So average 4 to 5 crores is what I think we invest on it. 
What is our marketing and branding spend? We are B2B, so we don't need a marketing and 
branding spend as of now. Once we enter trade, we need it, but we plan to do it smartly rather 
than going for print media or radios and television, which certainly our size of companies cannot 
afford it. We will be more going with digital marketing. We will be keeping ourselves lean and 
we will be marketing it through Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, those are the platforms where 
we create our brand and that also we are now going to do it, Pan India, we are going to do zone 
wise where we are marketing it. For example, if we're entering Maharashtra, then Maharashtra 
will be the first target and that's where we will bombard it on social media. We'll use a lot of 
influencers for the same. 
What is the name of the German company whom we have technology? I've already answered 
this. It's not the luminaire. It's a repeated question again. 
Do we have a threat from Chinese imports? As a company, we don't have threat from Chinese 
imports. Reason, we are into technical or industry where they're nowhere close to us. In terms 
of non-technical commodity, there are a lot of companies who are highly dependent on Chinese 
supply. And in terms of pricing, yes, in terms of technical capabilities, no, they are no 
competition to us. In trade also, with this new disruptive technology what we are trying to bring 
inside the product, I don't think so. They'll be competing with us. Your company website looks 
like your work is in progress from last many months. Yes, you are right, we had done the website. 
Website is something which is very fluid. You need to update it every week, every month. So, it 
is always work-in progress. 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
Can you start putting exchange intimation for new projects that you are receiving; it will create 
more visibility for the investors? Yes, we are extremely sorry, we've not been able to put all our 
projects, which we have received. I think there's a 24 hour window or 48 hours windows in 
which once you receive the purchase order you have to do it and we have missed a few large 
projects which we could have informed to the exchange but we will be doing it. Thank you very 
much for the same. 
What is sustainable EBITDA? I have answered. 
Can you talk about FY'25 top line, 15% to 20%, it is a very wide range and are you confident of 
reaching? Yes, we are confident of reaching, we know it will happen. because we've been 
working, we've been making our vertical strong, verticals like home, verticals like outdoor, 
verticals like infra, even for that matter for retail, the technologies what we are proposing to the 
industry, I don't see any big challenges unless and until if there is something like COVID that 
happens or overall industry becomes slow, or if there's a war, I don't see that we should have any 
problems on that side. 
Just to be clear, are you aiming 30% revenue growth? Yes, I've answered that we are. 
Are you concerned about the price erosion in trade business? Price erosion in trade business, we 
are not in trade, number one, we're getting into trade and trade is large volume. Again, we are 
not paying a price, price war there. What we are trying to do is disruption. And through 
disruption, we will be very, very aggressive in terms of pricing, at the same time, we will be 
maintaining our gross margins, EBITDAs and PAT. That's the whole idea. We will not be doing 
trade. 
Will trade segment bring down our margins? Trade segment will not bring down our margins 
when we are working with direct retailers, distributors, there will be little bit of margin when we 
are doing it for the OEM, but again the deal with the OEM with whom we have already tied up 
or we are under negotiation is that, listen, there is some uniqueness which you are bringing in 
and which will give these OEMs or some differentiation in the market. And there's a lot of R&D 
cost, there's lot of design cost what we include. Typically, if you work with companies, large 
OEMs like Philips Havells, they will say that this is your bomb cost, and you get 15% as a gross 
margin and that was the first discussion what we had. We as a company cannot give you the 
bomb cost plus the margin for this type of innovative products. If you are interested, then we 
will keep our margins, but we'll ensure that still you have 45% gross margin when you give it to 
your retailers and that is where our agreement is with them. But still, yes, the volume is very 
large with OEMs, like fairly large, typically just to give an example, any company who is 
becoming an OEM, they have a business of 300 to 400 crores. So with that large volume, your 
infrastructure cost is much lesser. So, I still don't feel that it will affect the bottom line also for 
us. I think in spite of that also we'll be able to maintain the bottom line. Of course, to reach those 
volumes, it's not the first year we can reach those volumes, it will take two to three years’ time. 
It has a lot of confidence building, whether we are able to supply such high volumes to them and 

 
Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
that is an area where we are working today. We are working how we will reduce the assembly 
line, in 15 to 20 seconds, how we can assemble one product? So, we are going to those levels 
and working on those areas. We don't see that margins will erode in that. Thank you. And all the 
best. Any other questions? I think I've tried and answered everything whatever best I could. 
Speaker: 
I think we have covered all the questions. We can conclude the call. Thank you, everyone for 
joining the virtual earnings call of Focus Lighting & Fixtures Limited. If you have any queries, 
you can write us at research@directkiranadvisors.com. Once again, thank you everyone for 
joining the virtual call. 
Amit Sheth: 
Thank you so much. 
