 
 
 
 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
 
May 30, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Monday, May 27, 2024, 
for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company's website, from the below 
link: https://allcargologistics.com/datafiles/cmsinvestor/vygn81822.pdf 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                                             
 
                                                 
Devanand Mojidra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A14644 
 
Encl: a/a 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTA
M MOJIDRA
Digitally signed by 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM MOJIDRA 
Date: 2024.05.30 
18:34:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited Q4 & FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER, ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED  
MR. DEEPAL SHAH – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKRAM SURYAVANSHI – PHILLIPCAPITAL 
(INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Q4 & FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. This conference call may contain forward 
looking statements about the company which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of 
the company as on date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital (India) Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon and very warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for being 
on a call of Allcargo Logistics Limited. 
We are happy to have the management with us here today for question-and-answer session with 
investment community. Management is represented by, Mr. Ravi Jakhar – Group Chief Strategy 
Officer and Mr. Deepal Shah - Group Chief Financial Officer. Before we start with question-
and-answer session, we will have opening comments from the Management. 
Now I hand over call to Mr. Ravi Jakhar. Over to you sir.  
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thank you Vikram. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for the Earnings 
Conference Call for the 4th Quarter for Financial Year 2023-2024. I hope all of you are doing 
well and I am glad to talk about the company and our businesses.  
As you know, currently we are working on the scheme of arrangement which is likely to be 
implemented by early 2025 which would segregate the domestic and international businesses 
into two independent companies. Until then we have three businesses under Allcargo, the 
international Supply Chain business which we operate under ECU Worldwide. And on the 
domestic side we have express business under Gati Express and Supply Chain and the contract 
logistics business under Allcargo Supply Chain. The Allcargo Supply Chain business has been 
kind of neutral to macroeconomic headwinds through the last couple of years. So, the contract 
logistics business has remained consistent and resilient and has performed steadily over the last 
several quarters. And this quarter has been no different. We have won several new contracts and 
there have been renewals on the back of which we estimate growth in the coming quarters and 
the following year.  
On the Express business; as we have been speaking through the previous quarters, we have been 
focusing on cost optimization and as shared in the Gati presentation as well as spoken during the 
Allcargo calls, we have been able to reduce the operating costs significantly and particularly in 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
the quarter gone by from January to March, there has also been sequential decline month-on-
month which means that the exit rates for operational costs are even better than the average for 
the quarter. As an outcome of these operational improvements, the gross profit of Gati has gone 
up by almost 16% over the previous quarter and a compounding impact on the EBITDA which 
has gone up by about 115% over the previous quarter. And we believe that the continued cost 
optimization and the operating leverage with expanded business while keeping the SG&A cost 
in control would allow us to continue to improve the operational EBITDA of the company.  
The large infrastructure projects which were upgradation of hubs has been taken care of and as 
we move forward, we will continue to upgrade the remaining infrastructure and our steadfast 
commitment and focus remains on the technology initiatives. Our core enterprise system GEMS 
2.0 is coming up well and we believe that it will be deployed on the estimated schedule. So, 
everything going well on the Express business, with planned cost optimization happening as you 
would like to see and now, we would focus on revenue expansion going forward.  
Coming to the largest business of international supply chain; operating under ECU Worldwide. 
The quarter for January to March has been more or less flat compared to the previous quarter. 
In the ECU Worldwide, Belgium which captures the entire business excluding India, the gross 
profit has been same as last quarter. The EBITDA has been marginally lower, primarily on 
account of some severance costs not being completely offset by reductions but largely it's a flat 
quarter, nothing significant to call out as a trend between the two quarters. What we see however 
now is a new trend. We see some green shoots for growth and typically in this business we have 
been booking a couple of weeks in advance. But what has happened in the last few weeks is that 
demand has started increasing and therefore shipping lines are now looking at closing bookings 
up to four weeks in advance. Which means that as we speak end of May, we have visibility of 
end of June sailings with deliveries in month of July. And what we see is that on certain trade 
lanes the demand has picked up. For an example some of the trade lanes from Asia to Latin 
America which were operating at about $2000 ocean freight are today operating at $6000, even 
$7000 ocean freight.  
We also find that the warehousing capacity available across key countries has been also going 
down which means that inventory restocking is happening. These are still early signs but they 
reaffirm our belief which we have been speaking over the last quarter and rather even the 
previous quarter before that, that the second half of 2024 which is July to December should see 
increased sustained demand. And increased sustained demand would mean that the business 
volume should pick up. From a market share standpoint, we have continued to hold on to our 
market share globally and in certain countries we have expanded the market share and as the 
volumes rebound, we expect the business volumes for the company should also grow at a rate 
faster than the market growth rate.  
Apart from that on the other initiatives on the ECU Worldwide international supply chain 
business, the technology play remains in place. Our competitive advantage on account of our 
physical infrastructure which is industry unique digital ecosystem that we have created and 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
unmatched physical infrastructure that we have with fully controlled network on both ends 
across all the key geographies has been the key contributor to our resilience and growth.  
So overall I would say, across the three businesses we feel more optimistic heading into the 
coming quarters and it remains to be seen how the macroeconomic environment plays out. But 
reading the commentary from various economists, we would like to believe that the demand 
should pick up and we are seeing some trends now in terms of the ocean freight rates that we 
see. 
On that note I would request my colleague, Deepal to talk about the Financial Performance and 
share some of the key headline numbers before we open the floor for questions. Thank you and 
over to you Deepal.  
Deepal Shah: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everyone. 
Now I will discuss the performance for the quarter ended March 2024: 
On the consolidated basis, for Q4 FY24 our revenue stood at INR 3,398 crores as compared to 
INR 3,212 crores for Q3 FY24, representing a marginal increase of 6% on the revenue from the 
previous quarter. EBITDA for the same period stood at INR 99 crores as compared to INR 111 
crores for the previous quarter. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR (-12) crores as 
compared to INR (+17) crores for the quarter ended Q3 FY24. On the 31st March, 2024 the net 
debt at the consolidated level stood at INR 407 crores, an increase of INR 193 crores as compared 
to the last quarter.  
Now moving on to the segment wise performance: 
I will start by discussing the performance of the international supply chain business. Demand 
was impacted by the rising inflation on account of the Russia-Ukraine war and crisis in the 
Middle East. LCL volumes for the Q4 FY24 stood at 2.1 million CBM which is flat compared 
to the last quarter. The segment is now witnessing green shoots and freight rates have also started 
increasing. On the FCL front, the volume for Q4 FY24 increased marginally by 2.5% Q-on-Q 
and stood at 156.3’000 TEUs. The revenue of ECU Worldwide, the entity which houses the ECU 
business reported a revenue of INR 2,570 crores and is up 6% Q-on-Q while EBITDA for the 
same period stood at INR 57 crores down 12% as compared to Q3 FY24. 
Now coming to the Express business operating under the Allcargo Gati name: 
The volumes for Q4 FY24 stood at 306 KT as compared to 318 KT for Q3 FY24. Revenue stood 
at INR 406 crores as compared to INR 424 crores for the previous quarter. EBITDA stood at 
INR 14 crores as compared to INR 7 crores in the previous quarter. This is backed by improved 
operational performance and improvement in the yield. 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Coming to the last segment which is the contract logistics business, which sits under the Allcargo 
Supply Chain Private Limited. Contract logistics revenue for Q4 FY24 is near flat at INR 80 
crores as compared to INR 78 crores for the previous quarter. EBITDA for the quarter ended 
quarter ended March stood at INR 32 crores as compared to INR 35 crores for the previous 
quarter. We have shared additional details on the performance of contract logistics statement in 
the presentation for your better understanding. 
With this we would like to open the floor for question and answers. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Naman from RV Investments.  
Naman: 
I have two sets of questions. First is can you let me know the per TEU EBITDA?  
Ravi Jakhar: 
Go ahead. You can ask all the questions and we'll share the responses.  
Naman: 
The second question is I saw a decrease in the assets of the ISC business. So, have you divested 
any major assets due to distressing volumes or what exactly, why the assets are less as compared 
to the FY23 in ISC segment. 
Deepal Shah: 
Compared to which period?  
Naman: 
FY23.  
Deepal Shah: 
So, the assets have reduced because the freight rates have gone down and the working capital 
has shrunk. That's the reason with respect to FY23 there's a change in the working capital 
basically.  
Naman: 
And per TEU EBITDA? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
EBITDA per TEU would not be applicable because the EBITDA comprises two businesses LCL 
and FCL. FCL is the business which operates in TEU which is a number of containers, 20 ft 
equivalent units handled. But the LCL business operates on CBM and therefore EBITDA per 
TEU because LCL business does not operate on TEUs and therefore the EBITDA per TEU is 
not a metric that we capture or can be stated because the entire business is not in TEUs.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Determent Investments.   
Amit Kumar: 
Just one question at my end, I am just trying to understand the trends in global sort of freight 
rates, the container rate specifically. So obviously after the Red Sea crisis in December, we saw 
a spike in terms of freight rates, if you have to sort of go around Africa there is a 5 – 10 day 
delay, extra time taken. But again, then sort of things have started to settle down. But again, in 
May we have seen a very sharp spike in container freight rates. Could you just help us understand 
what is going on here?  

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Basically, there are short term reasons driving the freight rate and there are midterm reasons 
which are driving the freight rates. What happened in the month of December when the Red Sea 
crisis broke out, there was a sudden redeployment of fleet and the ships had to go around the 
Cape of Good Hope and that led to a sharp increase in ocean freight rates which were affected 
by that which were the ones traveling through the Suez Canal and the rate shot up significantly 
already by the end of January. Then as the normalization happened, the freight rate started to 
come down and then they were I would say normalized by end of March to a large extent. What 
we are seeing in the month of May is that the overall capacity which has been added in the 
shipping, there is an estimate of about 1 million TEU of shipping capacity in terms of new ships 
which have come in the first 4 months of the year, there is a certain takeout of the capacity on 
account of Red Sea crisis as well because the ships are taking longer. The net impact is that, it 
has not been adequate enough to take care of the demand fluctuations. Over the last 12 months 
if you have seen, the global trade had been witnessing a downward trend and there was an 
outcome of reducing inventory levels as well. Now what we notice is that particularly in certain 
select markets, the inventory restocking has happened on the back of one, actual consumer 
demand going up and also in anticipation of higher demand in the second half of the year. As an 
outcome of that, the demand has gone up and that is why I was explaining earlier as well that 
what used to be easy to get a space on ship one week, 10 days out, today it is difficult to 
sometimes get space forget the rate. If you want to ship something from Asia to Latin America 
today, you need to plan one month in advance and even then, sometimes getting space could be 
difficult. So, it is purely a function of supply and demand. There are also certain trade lanes 
where the rates have not gone up. So, for example while Asia to Latin America have gone up 
almost fourfold in a span of less than 2 months I would say. Rates out of India into Europe have 
remained more or less at the same levels. The rates into Europe from Asia have also gone up but 
rates out of Europe are still very low because Europe is still not seeing a rebound in their exports. 
So, on an overall basis, there are distinct trends across trade lanes but on a global basis the freight 
rates are now started going up. And this is purely a function of available capacity and the 
demand.  
Amit Kumar: 
Just one sort of small follow up to this, like you also mentioned and we have been hearing the 
port operators Pipavav etc. also sort of talk about the fact that some of the shipping lines, they 
are essentially missing their beats. They're missing basically coming in to the ports couple of 
times a month versus their normal frequency. So, I am just wondering in your LCL business, 
how are you sort of managing to keep the frequency of your business basically?  
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, what happens is different shipping lines adopt different practices to manage the crisis 
situation. So, for an instance when the transit became longer from India into certain ports of 
Europe due to Red Sea crisis, certain shipping lines decided to skip a few ports and that allowed 
them to reduce the transit time, therefore making an effectively faster transit despite the Red Sea 
crisis. Now when it comes to these blankings, these blankings affect certain trade lanes on certain 
shipping routes. The advantage that we have in our business is, we have the world's largest LCL 
network operating 2500 trade lanes directly. The scale of operations and the breadth and width 
of underlying carriers that we partner with to carry this freight allows us enough options to plan 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
routings which can be in sync with the schedule of the carriers and it is planned well in advance. 
So, in case there are certain changes in the schedule, we know that a certain vessel would skip a 
particular port. We have alternate options and given our network efficiencies, we could move 
direct or sometimes we also do transshipments. And in that sense, we have a significant volume 
which is there even in LCL trans-shipments from almost all the key global hubs. So, we are able 
to rewire our network to some of these disruptions and are able to ensure that we are in a position 
to service our customers constantly.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Mehta from Deep Financials.   
Ravi Mehta: 
Just one question on one-offs, if any in this quarter. So, there was some expense pertaining to 
layoffs. I think in last quarter you said that, it's not going to be a very big number but I think 
nowhere it was mentioned in the press release. If you can just highlight any one off that we saw 
in Q4.  
Ravi Jakhar: 
I would say the severance costs have been there in the quarter ending March. Some of the 
severance cost will continue in the subsequent quarter as well. However, I would say that by 
next quarter, the severance cost is fully offset by the savings that we would have incurred from 
the earlier reductions. In this quarter I would say the total impact is in the range of about $1.5 to 
$2 million in these kind of one-off costs. So, it's not very significant. That's why I was kind of 
calling it a flat quarter broadly speaking because that's kind offset by the impact of the severance 
costs. So roughly the magnitude is about $1.5 million.  
Ravi Mehta: 
And a similar number should continue in the next quarter as well to complete this layoff 
exercise? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, but there should be a little bit of benefit as well accruing on account of the costs already 
reduced because different people had different severance time line. So, the net impact should be 
lower than this in the next quarter. Maybe half of it only.  
Ravi Mehta: 
And when we talk about this impact, so the savings are yet to come or this is after considering 
some savings? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, basically what happens is in our business as we expand the volumes and grow the gross 
profit, the margin expansion would happen if we're able to control the SG&A cost. Now SG&A 
costs also have to go up in line with the inflation. In some of the countries it is mandated and, in 
some countries, it is in discretionary. But to be competitive in the business we need to of course 
provide increments to the staff. So, what we are trying to do is, we are trying to ensure that we 
bring in efficiency through automation and other measures to be able to bring down the 
headcount, so that any inflationary increases can be taken care of through the cost rationalization. 
And therefore, the SG&A should remain constant over what we had last year versus even until 
the end of this year with all the improvements etc. That's the intent. So, all the expansion in 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
business which we are anticipating the second half on account of volumes and improved margins 
should then flow down to the bottom line. That's the broad strategy at our end.  
Ravi Mehta: 
And any color on the gross profit mix between LCL-FCL like just a ballpark. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
That typically has been for us in the range of about, LCL contributes anywhere between 65% to 
70% of the gross profit and that has largely remained in that range.  
Ravi Mehta: 
I think the gross profit still seems very flat; the hit is largely below gross profit.  
Ravi Jakhar: 
It is about a million and a half which I mentioned on the severance etc. and that's what kind of 
gets captured there. And also, the other thing to note here is there has been a bit of a change in 
the way segments are treated post demerger, so that clarity also would come in. So that's why 
we also shared this time the ECU Worldwide NV numbers which is basically from a structural 
point of view, all our global LCL-FCL, the entire international supply chain business is 
eventually a step-down subsidiary of ECU Worldwide which is the Belgian entity, only India 
business is out of it. So that represents the entire international supply chain business excluding 
India. When it comes to India because now the other segments are not there since contract 
logistics and express is already at the subsidiary level, some of the corporate costs which are 
there in Allcargo Logistics which could be pertaining to the group or the overall company also 
kind of get attributed to the segment. And therefore, we have tried to give the color of the pure 
business performance by talking about the ECU Worldwide Belgium numbers. We are 
considering how we can provide perhaps further breakdown to all the shareholders and investors 
through more public disclosures to give a better perspective on how the business costs and profits 
are. So, maybe in the next quarter we'll try to come with further explanation and split in terms 
of explaining certain cost items sure.  
Ravi Jakhar: 
The next question is from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhilipCapital.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
In case of trade lane development, how is the progress or will the focus be on optimizing the 
network cost, can you give some idea or was there also an impact of the utilization level of 
network or it is more like a freight rate impact on the profitability? 
Ravi Jakhar:  
So, I would say the trade lane—first let me answer the shorter question which is on the container 
utilization—the container utilization as we have been sharing the monthly data has remained 
range bound. However, as the demand picks up and the volume starts to grow continuous 
utilization is bound to improve. So, our estimation is that as by end of June-July the volume 
starts to increase our continuity utilization should also improve from July onwards that the 
estimate. On the trade lane side, it's a constant process, we keep looking at opportunities, it's 
never in a state of steady state. So, there are certain markets on which we are focusing at any 
given point in time. For an example, while the overall global volumes might appear flat on the 
backdrop of macroeconomic environment, there are pockets of growth. In Brazil our export 
volumes have grown manifold in the last 6 odd months which means that we have launched new 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
trade lanes from Brazil into different parts of the world. So, at any given point in time there are 
about 5 to 10 new trade lanes that are under development. At the same time, we also reconfigure 
some of the trade lanes depending on how the cargo demand is. So that's more of a dynamic 
process. But I would say at this point in time, we are looking at new opportunities between Latin 
America and other parts of the world and we're also looking at some more incremental 
opportunities in growing trade lanes out of Germany. The environment perhaps would strengthen 
a little bit more and allow us greater opportunity as the volumes come in but that's another key 
market where we believe we have an opportunity to add some new trade lanes since the 
acquisition of fair trade and there are few other such examples as well. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And how big would be China volume for us in overall international supply chain and how is the 
outlook there?  
Ravi Jakhar: 
China volumes naturally are a big contributor to our business, almost I would give a broad 
ballpark range of 15% to 18% kind of volume would be linked to China. The outlook there is 
slightly positive as we are seeing the rebound in demand. That's what I was referring to earlier, 
that Asia outbound trade is seeing more demand which includes China, Vietnam and a few other 
countries as well. And even in case of some of the production getting rebased, say in Mexico, 
there is still raw material moving from China or components moving from China into Mexico, 
some of such examples are there. So overall I would say Chinese trade is seeing a rebound and 
so is the larger Asian trade. On the Indian trade what's been happening is because of the strategic 
priority everybody knows that India is going to do well on the manufacturing. So, shipping lines 
have also dedicated more services, more capacity to India which is taking good care of the 
demand out of India. So possibly there the supply is not lagging and therefore you've not seen a 
significant expansion or increase in freight rates out of India but in Asia since no new additional 
capacities have been deployed while the trade has seen a rebound, we have seen the freight rates 
going up out of Asia which is largely far east and China.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And if you can give some revised or if any change in the timeline, how we can see a deal or 
restructuring process to happen, by when we can see the basically listing of this restructured 
company? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we had shared an indicative timeline of early next year anywhere between January to March 
as the timeline. At this point in time, we anticipate that the NCLT process should be over by the 
end of the year. And therefore, it should take typically a month to two in the post NCLT process. 
And therefore, we largely maintain the same timeline anywhere between January to end 
February, early March we should be able to conclude the restructuring transaction.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
And just last question about what was the gross debt and cash level on international supply chain 
business or if you can give ECU line business basically? 

 
 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Deepal Shah: 
So total overall gross debt across the group is INR 960 crores with net debt of around INR 407 
crores, at the ECU level we have a very marginal debt. We have close to INR 300 crores of cash 
sitting there and around similar amount of debt sitting there. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
It is largely negligible at the net debt level. In the recent times with some increase in freight rates 
the working capital has increased. We've also made some additional incremental investment 
while the business has also generated cash. So, on an overall basis ECU will be sitting at a net 
zero position more or less.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vikram Suryavanshi for closing comments.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
We thank the management of Allcargo Logistics for giving us an opportunity to host the call and 
taking time out for interaction with the stakeholders. Any closing from Ravi sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thanks, Vikram for hosting us and we see interesting developments happening over the course 
of next few months. So, I think a quarter later we should have a good insight into how the second 
half of the year is shaping up and how the global economic environment is also looking like. So, 
I think we would continue to look at how we can disclose more information, share more insights 
with our shareholders and investors. That's the constant endeavor and we once again thank 
everyone for joining us on this call. Thank you so much.  
Deepal Shah: 
Thank you.  
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited, that concludes the conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
