An ISO 9001 Company 
May 30, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: WABAG 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 533269 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors' Conference call/meet on Q4 & FY24 Results 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
the Transcript of the Investors' Conference call/meet "Annual Investor Meet 2024" organized 
and held on Friday, May 24, 2024. 
The said transcript is also made available on the Company's website at www.wabag.com.
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
Anup Kumar Samal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F4832 
Encl.: As above 
Sustainable solutions, for a better life 
VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
CIN : L45205TN1995PLC030231 
WA BAG "WABAG HOUSE" 
No.17, 200 Feet Thoraipakkam - Pallavaram Main Road, 
Sunnambu Kolathur, Chennai - 600 117, India. 
Board : +91-44-6123 2323 
Fax 
: +91-44-6123 2324 
Email : wabag@wabag.in 
Web : www.wabag.com 
ANUP 
KUMAR 
SAMAL
Digitally signed by ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=2597, 
pseudonym=260fbf0cb1c444759b3176bd
8afc609e, 
2.5.4.20=2f08e2a4abd03cf834087d0169b
8295db945b73a74bab7f34c29fd5496859
827, postalCode=500048, st=Telangana, 
serialNumber=26a2e917225a7e97909c27
b92ba3e356c8947696ef734eb423b81374
92e67dee, cn=ANUP KUMAR SAMAL 
Date: 2024.05.30 19:05:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
“VA Tech Wabag Limited 
Annual Investor Meet 2024” 
May 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV MITTAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
 
MR. S. VARADARAJAN -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF GROWTH OFFICER – VA TECH WABAG 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SKANDAPRASAD SEETHARAMAN – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 
 
MR. SHAILESH KUMAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– INDIA CLUSTER – VA TECH WABAG LIMITED 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, a very warm good evening to you, and a very warm 
welcome to VA Tech Wabag's Annual Investor Meet 2024. Thank you to all of you to take the 
time out today to be part of this wonderful occasion. VA Tech Wabag, a pioneer in the water 
sector does not need an introduction. So I am going to go through. 
I'll give you a little bit of an overview about the Wabag Group, founded in Germany in 1924. 
Today, as we speak, VA Tech Wabag, is a pure play Indian multinational in the sphere of water 
technology. As a market leader in the water sector, its operations are spread across four 
continents and in over 25 countries. 
Wabag is the third largest private operator in the water sector and is ranked fifth largest among 
global desalination players. Wabag has successfully delivered over 1,450 projects over the past 
25 years across drinking water treatment, wastewater treatment, recycle reuse, desalination and 
industrial water treatment for marquee clients in the municipal and industrial sector. 
As a group, Wabag is always strived to remain asset-light and technology focus to deliver 
sustainable solutions to its customers worldwide. From ground-breaking technologies to 
comprehensive water management systems, the group has played a pivotal role in shaping the 
landscape of the water sector, while resiliently weathering the ups and downs of the markets 
over decades. 
This year, Wabag brand is celebrating a centenary, marking 100 years of legacy in delivering 
innovative, affordable and sustainable water solutions touching lives of billions of people across 
the world. It is our pleasure to host all of you for this informative and interactive session with 
the senior management of VA Tech Wabag. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Rajiv Mittal, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. S. Varadarajan, 
Whole Time Director and Chief Growth Officer; Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Shailesh Kumar, Chief Executive Officer, the India Cluster. 
Before we begin, I might like to add that presentations and discussions during this meeting may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company and the group, which are based on 
beliefs, opinions and expectations as of date. Statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that may be difficult to predict. 
Without much further ado, I'd like to now request Mr. Rajiv Mittal to kick off the proceedings. 
Thank you so much, and looking forward to a wonderful interactive and informative session. 
Over to you, Mr. Mittal. Thank you. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for your presence here, and also, we have our 
investors and analysts who have joined us virtually. Welcome you all to this year-end investor 
meet, where we talk about our Q4 performances, our annual results, and also the things we have 
planned for our future growth in this sector. So we'd like to discuss all this with you. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
And most important, we always come at least once a year to have a face-to-face meeting not 
only to tell you what we have done and what we are planning to do, but also to take feedback 
from you, what you expect, did we meet your expectation? And if we did not, tell us where and 
also tell us your version of how. What we have missed and how you think we can improve that 
in the coming years. We would really appreciate if you feel free and give us this feedback. That's 
the most important part of this event. 
We will also use post our presentation of results, we'll also take about 20-odd minutes to 
celebrate our centenary year. This is our 100 years of completion of brand Wabag, and we are 
proud that we are celebrating this. God has been kind to us to make us part of this celebration. 
It's not common for people to get this opportunity to celebrate this centenary year. We are part 
of this generation, which is getting this opportunity, and we are also thankful for that. And we'd 
like to celebrate this also with you after this analyst and investor meet. 
Let's start with our presentation. I think this is what I told you. We are 100 years young, but still 
going strong. Hundred years is for this sector is nothing, I don't know how many more 100 years 
we will see. But it's important not to just spend 100 years, but what we have achieved in this 100 
years and what we are planning to achieve in the coming 100 years. 
This slide, you have seen it before, for first time people who are attending this, I would like to 
say, we are a technology-focused company. We are just not contractor. We don't do run-of-the-
mill projects. We do projects which are technologically challenging, which uses some of our 
proprietary technologies. As I've said in this slide, we have more than 125 patents and 
trademarks, which we don't license, we don't sell, we just use for our proprietary projects. So 
this is one of the differentiators. We're still being an Indian company. We still invest money in 
our R&D, in our technology upgrades, both to develop processes and also products. And this is 
one of the reasons of our success. 
I think this is what today, you all know better than me. You are the investors; you know the 
trends in investing. Today, clean, green, blue, sustainability, climate change, resource recovery, 
circular business models are the key words. They're just not words. There are funds which are 
behind this and focusing on this kind of companies who are in this sector, in this area of focus 
and that's where your company is. Every part of what we do falls under this definition. And as 
we go along, we'll explain you a little more on that what I'm saying. 
We are a global company. Our models are global. We are based in almost 25 countries, 4 
continents, very rare for an Indian company to have this wide geographical reach. We have built 
more than 1,450 plants in last 20-25 years, and these are all technology plants. 
Most important, is our selection of projects. We concentrate on payment security as a criteria 
number 1 for selecting our projects. What do we do? You can analyse it. If you can't take help 
of our team, take help of our investor relation company, they will help you to go through our 
order book to check when we say payment security, how do we get this payment security. 
Most of the projects are multilaterally funded projects, World Bank, JICA, ADB, KFW. Then 
comes the sovereign funding from the central government, which has a sovereign guarantee, 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
projects like AMRUT, Namami Gange, Clean Ganga program that all guaranteed from the 
central government. International projects, especially in Middle East, where they don't need 
multilateral funding because they have enough funds from the oil, there we have Letters of 
Credit. So these are the selections, which I want to share with you. We are very careful in 
selecting our projects, which one we bid, which one we don't bid. 
The other one, you will be happy to know, we continue to be globally number 3, proud, not only 
being a WABAGite, but also being an Indian multinational, proud to be number 3 in terms of 
servicing people and serving them with water and sanitation thing. Recently, there was also a 
survey globally, we are ranked number 5 globally, again, in desalination field. And this, we will 
talk more. But just to let you know, today, it's not that we just talk as an Indian leading company. 
We talk as a global leading company. 
EP specialist, we have told you last year, I just want to emphasize again and again that we had 
a strategy “Wriddhi”. We have discussed this with you before, almost 2.5-3 years back. And 
since then, we said the “C” portion, the construction (“C) portion, we don't add value. Let's be 
very clear. We want a top line, we can bring “C” into it, but we add no value. We subcontracted, 
or we partner with somebody and it's a pass-through in our books. When you have pass-through, 
we don't make the normal margins which we make in our technology projects. So we decided 
we will reduce our “C” unless there is a compulsion from the client forces us to take it, that's not 
our preferred option. 
So “C” is going out of our business. We want to be a technologically focused company, and that 
is the reason we talk about technology, engineering and supply of key components is our 
business. It will continue that way. 
It's also important that we remain asset light. Some of you would wonder in last 3 years, we have 
invested in some of the HAM projects (Hybrid Annuity Model) where Government of India is 
investing 40% and as a private sector, we are supposed to invest 60%. If we do those projects, 
how can we remain asset light. Very simple. In this 60%; 75% is a debt, which has a no recourse 
on the listed company. It's at the SPV level, 75% means 45% of 60% is debt. Of the balance 
15%, is the equity. And in that 15%, our share of equity is 25%. 
Now you can calculate in a 100 of the project. If I have 15%, 25% hardly, we are talking about 
3.75%. 3.75% is my investment in HAM to get a project of 100. I just want you to understand 
how we have structured our HAM project where we don't want to invest. And you can understand 
on a 100 project, if margin, we don't make 3.5%, what are we doing? 
So the margin on the project is far far exceeds the investment in equity we make. Plus we always 
sign an agreement after construction, after COD, 1 or 2 years of operation, we show them that 
the plant is performing, whatever we have designed and constructed and then we have a clause 
to sell even that 3.75%. So we want to keep our books very light. And you can check this. 
You have the balance sheet. The company has announced it. So very soon, you will have the 
annual report. Please check our net block or gross block will be the lowest in this sector, and we 
want to remain that way. We have no ambition to build our balance sheet heavy, go for debt and 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
have concessions on our balance sheet. We will take part because we are the leaders, but we will 
not take assets on our balance sheet. So this is also a point I want you to very clearly do. 
We also want to focus on manufactured water. You would ask me, are you God? Are you going 
to manufacture ice, which is going to melt and give us water? Or are you going to give us rain? 
We are going to do neither. But we want to help God in giving an alternate sources of water. 
These are not the only two sources, the melt of glaciers from Yamunotri and Gangotri that runs 
into Ganga and Yamuna, neither rain which God is giving. With all this climate change, we all 
have gone through this year, the heat wave, what we are facing. 
Naturally, somewhere is telling us that climate change is happening is not only in words, in real 
fact, it's happening. And there's a common thing in summer, there's a drought, water rationing, 
water cutting. Industries are the first one to suffer because they want to give it to domestic 
consumers, just imagine the industries who have spent billions to create that industry and if they 
don't run what happens to their P&L account. That is where we want to come in. And say that 
we want to support God in giving water, both for domestic usage as well as for commercial or 
industrial usage. 
What we do, we go to two perennial sources, which are drought-proof. Obviously, the one you 
can guess is sea, the ocean. Will you ever see a ocean drying up under the worst of the condition, 
it's a perennial source. It's a drought-proof source. Why don't we use that water which is available 
in ample, and use that for giving fresh water, drinking water, and that's what we have been 
advocating, and that's where you have seen that we have been rated number 5 globally. So not 
only we talk, we also have built plants, we have experience and the market recognizes us. 
What is the second perennial source, which will never dry up, the wastewater. Wastewater, 
which goes from our kitchens, from our shower rooms, from our toilets, from our washings, all 
this water ever will dry up? Not at all. So that's also a perennial drought-proof source. So we 
have to recycle that. Those days are gone that once through goes out, no. Please collect that what 
you have used. We call it used water. Treat it, treat it to a standard, which is drinking water 
standard and whether you use for drinking or you use for irrigation or you use for industrial and 
commercial use, this is an alternate source of water. And that's what we call it as manufactured 
water. 
Experienced leadership. I don't think as an organization, we were the first company to be listed 
as a pure-play water company, we had no comparable. Even today, I would say there are no 
comparable of what we do, what technologies we have, what capabilities we have, what size of 
plants we have done, what number of references we have, there are no comparable. And today, 
the comparable are only in the global market. This remains like that. And we have a very 
experienced team. My colleagues are here. If you take our average age of our top management 
and senior leadership team is 30 years plus. So we have been all living in water sector for many-
many decades. 
I think also what is important is from governance point of view, our Board comprises of two 
third independent directors. Only me and my colleague, Mr. Varadarajan, are Executive 
Directors, rest 4 out of 6 are independent directors. Most of the committees or almost, I would 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
say, all of the committees have independent directors as their Chairperson. But this is the 
governance in the company, which also is very important to say that your money is safe. It's used 
for the purpose you have invested in the company, and that's my assurance that everything what 
you expect us to do, we do it. 
As I told you, we are total water management company. We do from conceptualization to 
commissioning. We also, as I told you, we invest, whether it's HAM projects or build-own-
operate projects, we invest, but we still remain asset-light. I gave you one example that is what 
we'll tell you. Though we may invest in these projects, but we will remain asset light. That is 
something we will not deviate. 
And you can see whatever is type of project whether industrial, municipal, water, wastewater, 
recycled, desal, everything is under one brand called “Wabag”. And Wabag is a total water 
management company, and we have no ambition, no desire to diversify. We want to remain only 
in water. 
This is a short history. I think you all know that we are celebrating our 100 years as a group. In 
India, we came in 1996 end - 1997 early, with a bang project of Reliance Jamnagar that time, 
the single largest project. It was a startup company. With me, there were only other 5 members 
when we got India's largest project. See the confidence of group like Reliance had in our ability, 
those days, 1997 to give us the largest project in the country with only total 6, including me, we 
got the project and we executed successfully. We till today, we remain a preferred contractor to 
Reliance doing all the projects. 
And in 2005, we did the management buyout with help of ICICI Ventures. And in 2007, we did 
a historic never heard of reverse acquisition, a daughter company buying the parent company. 
We did Indian management buyout of the Indian subsidiary, and Indian subsidiary went on to 
buy the global Wabag company from Siemens, where we got the global references, brands, 
technology, technology staff, experienced staff. All this in 2007, we did a reverse acquisition, 
which you would not hear, many of those where a daughter company is buying the parent 
company. 
In 2010, I think you all know our journey. We did a IPO, which was a successful IPO. And since 
then, we have been getting your support, encouragement and trust. And we have today, grown 
from a start-up 6-member team to globally recognized cooperation. We are globally number 3. 
And this has all happened because the love and trust we have of the investors like you. 
Now this is what we talked about clean, green, circular economy, climate change. The single 
slide will tell you, it's not only the talk. Here is the numbers which support the talk. You see in 
terms of greenhouse gases; we are path to Net Zero. That is the way we are moving, water neutral 
plants where we recycle 100% of the water, what is also called zero discharge plant. So you 
have, no really issues of discharge standards. And also because you're recycling the unit is self-
sufficient in water, the reliability of water is there, and that is what it is. 
And then you have waste to energy, which is a topic you would have also seen the 
announcement, compress biogas, all this, resource recovery, whether it's sludge, manure, 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
nutrients, fertilizers, gas or water. We are recovering everything from water, nothing from water 
goes waste or wastewater goes waste. Everything is recycled. Circular economy, going back 
where it has come is going back. So it's also conserving water. 
Desalination, recycle. These are the numbers you have against each of this, green energy, how 
many megawatts we are generating, water, how much we are treating, clean water, power saving 
for the clients we are doing, and greenhouse gases, how many tons we are reducing. So these are 
all things we do, which is expected of us to do, and that is what I think the trend in the market. 
You all know as investors, these are becoming important parameters, and your company is right 
in it. 
ESG, another important topic. Luckily, our business is all about it. We talk about governance. 
We don't need to talk about social because our business is all about social, whether we provide 
clean water, we provide healthy environment to the communities, that's our business. And 
environment, again, is to protect the environment by treating things and not discharging 
untreated waste. 
This is what we talked about. Me and Mr. Varadarajan, are on the Board as Executive Directors, 
then next row, we have our Independent Directors and then Mr. Skandaprasad Seetharaman, is 
our CFO. Shailesh Kumar is our CEO for India Cluster. This is one of our biggest cluster in the 
whole group. They almost done, about 75%-80% business is done from India cluster. Then we 
have Mahmut Gedek, he is our CEO for Europe Cluster. You'll see all the marquee names, what 
you expect a company of our stature should have, we have it, whether it's in India or global, we 
have all the names. 
And regarding funding agency, I told you, we have all the funding whether JICA, ADB, World 
Bank, sovereign fund, EXIM Bank, everybody, they are supporting us with funding so that we 
don't have an issue of payment security and serving all the clients, not only municipal 
corporation, but also large industrial infrastructure clients. 
This is a slide I showed you last year. I just want to repeat and recap. This is a strategy about 
2.5-3 years back, we developed it, Board approved it and we have implemented it, and you have 
seen the results over the last 2.5-3 years that everything has paid. We were not very strong in 
marketing. So it was very clear that you should open up markets, have your best people go and 
sell advanced technology projects. This is what was one. 
The second was about EP, Industrial and International. That's where the margin is, that's where 
the less competition is. That is where your skills and technology and your patents will be valued, 
so you should do more in this sector. Then service sector, because it's an annuity business, less 
risk, good cash flow, good margins, grow this service sector. Remain asset-light, we have 
discussed. Global delivery centers that don't focus only on local, have capability to deliver 
projects anywhere in the world. And that's what is a work in progress at the moment where we 
are developing global delivery centers. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
This is the future, as I told you, also, we want to go and give you a perspective where companies 
investing their time and money for future. This may not be relevant now, maybe 1 year from 
now, 2 years from now, 3 years from now, but that's the movement we are doing.  
The first one, you would have seen our announcement where we are getting into compressed 
biogas. We have been in business of producing biogas for last 3-4 decades. But all the time, we 
are using biogas to produce electricity, which is used for captive perse of running our own plants. 
But today, we are going to stop that. This is a low value-add product of converting biogas into 
electricity. We are going to convert into compressed natural gas. 
Government has fixed the tariff for that. If you sell it to the government, even PSUs, gas stations 
where you go and fill this gas for your vehicles or you put it in the pipeline, which are running 
near your plant, you can have an agreement, a metering system where you can pump it into that. 
What you get is fixed by the government of India. And today, the rate they have fixed are very 
very attractive. So which is forcing us to stop this power production and get into compressed 
biogas. It is a much more lucrative model. 
Next one is digitization. We all know whether it's your industry or our industry, getting skilled, 
qualified, experienced manpower, which are committed to business is becoming a tough job. 
Especially growing industry. We have grown, as I told you from 6 to almost about 1,500-1,600 
qualified staffs, plus we have a number of workers, is a tough job. 
So we said we will take help of digitization, so that this knowledge which we have gained, it can 
be reused and help us in designing, executing and operating plants. And that is what we are 
implementing now. The experience will be digitized in the system, and it will have all the 
information which is required by the people to operate. We don't need hundreds of experts.  
Few experts will put it in the system, and that system will be available to thousands of people 
for them to use it. That digitization is in process. We have announced to the market. We have 
signed with some specialist company who is helping us to digitize all this knowledge and 
information we have. 
Then the big thing, everybody talks about hydrogen. That's the next big fuel, especially green 
hydrogen. This is where companies moving to. And we have no ambition of producing 
hydrogen. We have no ambition of producing electrodes required for hydrogen. We have no 
ambition of producing green energy, which is required for electrolysis. 
We are a water company, and we want to be only a water partner for hydrogen production. 
Hydrogen is produced from water, it's H2O. H2 is broken from O by electrolysis. And that's our 
job to give ultrapure water required for H2 production. This ultra-pure water, why I say is ultra-
pure because if it has salts, at homes we have seen scaling of electrodes will happen which will 
reduce the efficiency of electrodes, and that's where our role comes in to be an ultra-pure water 
supplier for hydrogen production. That's the role we are playing. And I'm sure in 2-3 years, it 
will be more affordable, more plants will come. We'll be ready for that. Already there are half a 
dozen developers are talking to us to be the water partner. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
Semiconductor. During COVID, we all know a huge demand supply gap, which was created, 
which has completely upset our supply chain management, nobody wants it, whether it's 
developing world or developed world, all are setting up their shops to be self-reliant. And there 
will be huge investment going into semiconductor. We are already seeing some of it and a lot 
more to come. And again, we want to be a water partner here. We don't want to produce 
semiconductors. Semiconductors need ultra, ultra-pure water. We have already done some plant 
where we have been a water partner. We just want to replicate that and do more of such plants 
because there's also a specialized field to produce ultra, ultra-pure water for semiconductors, so 
that on the chips, there is no scaling happening. 
Blue Seed, recent announcement, it's from a feeling and a spirit that society has given us a lot to 
make us what we are. I am personally obliged and thankful and humbled with the kind of support 
I got from all of you. 
Now it's our turn when we have become big and our affordability has gone up, why we should 
not encourage and give this pre-seed and seed capital to the bubbling young entrepreneurs who 
have some idea, but lacking finance. Finance a lot of people can give, but along with finance, 
technology support, engineering support, experience and above all, the market reach, which we 
want to give it to these young entrepreneurs and help them to commercialize their ideas, which 
may be only an idea on paper, maybe a pilot idea, maybe they have done a prototype. 
But we want to support them with enough finance and more than that, our knowledge, 
experience, know-how, technology, to make it commercialized. And that's our commitment to 
the society that we want to create more young entrepreneurs to develop their technologies and 
product into this water sector. This is the latest initiative and we are proud that we will contribute 
something to the water sector.  
This is what the region we're in. You know whether we're in India, huge investment, last 10 
years you see how the water sector has attracted investments, whether it's Namami Gange, Jal 
Jeevan Mission, Har Ghar me Nal. All these initiative - Jal Jeevan Mission has come, Swachh 
Bharat, AMRUT to all this are having huge investments and government has supported that. 
Clearly, there's a commitment on part of government to provide clean, safe drinking water at 
your doorstep and also to have a clean and healthy environment around you. So this is a big, big 
thing. RR, Recycle Reuse. We have no choice. I'm very, very firm believer. We have no choice. 
I don't know if some of you have seen, recent Bangalore episode has forced the government to 
say that we will have two-pipe system, which we have been advocating for many, many years, 
that one you can have for portable, but all other use in our house, why can't you have recycled 
water, which is as good as portable water, but only psychologically we don't want to take it. 
We take it biologically, chemically equal, but at least use it for your washing for your toilet 
flushing, most of the water goes in toilet flushing. At least you can use that and conserve the 
good water. Now they are saying, yes, it makes sense, and we'll go for two-pipe system, one for 
freshwater, one for recycled water. This is the way forward. The whole country has to go through 
whether we like it or we don't like it, we have to go through it. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
Regulatory, a lot of regulations, guidance from the government, but we typically as a country, 
we don't respect that. We always find a way around it. Now this regulatory mechanism is 
becoming very tough. We have a few projects where people were just illegally tapping into the 
groundwater as if it's their water. They don't realize it's not their water, it's not the state water, 
it's not a local body water. It's a global resource. You just cannot tap into the groundwater and 
take the groundwater. 
Now government is becoming very strict. Central Water Commission is disconnecting these 
connections, finding people that you can't take. If they cannot take groundwater, what is the next 
water they want, recycled water. Nobody is going to close their factories because government is 
stopping their groundwater. 
These examples we have in Chennai; we have in Surat. Now we are building a plant in 
Ghaziabad, all belonging to this category. They are now signing water purchase agreements 
because otherwise they have no water to run their establishments, what they have set up. So this 
is the way forward for water sector. 
The CIS countries are emerging in a big way with this Russia-Ukraine war going on. 
So this is all what we have to do. And today, we are going into that new market and tremendous 
focus, especially the western world is slowly moving out from that region, and this is something 
we are going to replace them. 
This is all CIS countries, excluding Russia. Again, Asia Pacific is a great market, huge potential. 
This is also an emerging market. We have been successful in the past. In between, we have taken 
our focus away from it because we were so busy in the rest of the world. This is back in focus. 
You have seen we are getting projects. We got it in Bangladesh. We had recently got it in Nepal, 
and this focus is back. 
Middle East is a future growth engine. No doubt about it. I'm sure you all are following, not only 
in water sector, but other sectors also. That's a gold mine. Countries like Saudi is leading the 
way. UAE is not far behind and other countries are also following it. But the focus on this is 
massive. The projects are mega projects. Funding is available, and they are expecting private 
sector to invest. We are not investors there. 
Let me make it very clear. We don't even take this 3%-4% investment there. We are pure 
technology partner to the developers who are going to invest for 25 years. We will build the 
plant for them. If they require our support during O&M, we are available. Otherwise, in this 
market of Middle East, we are pure technology partner or technical partner. And you see the 
investment which is happening in Middle East and Africa. 
Even in Africa, in Egypt, we are prequalified for the highest level of the future projects they are 
going to come with, 1,000-MLD desalination plant. You can see what is the stature of the 
company have grown from where to where. Today, we are second to none globally when it 
comes to getting prequalified for a project. Our balance sheet is supporting; our technical 
references are supporting. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
So this is very, very important to say that water sector is booming and it will remain so for many 
decades or I should say, for generations to come. It's not a limited opportunity. It is a very long-
term opportunity for generations to come. So much business has to be done, and it will take 
decades to meet that expectation and build a water security, which we want both for human 
consumption as well as for industrial requirement. 
I will now request my colleague, our CFO, Mr. Skandaprasad, to take the financial presentations. 
Thank you. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Good evening. Let me take a few minutes to go through the financial highlights of the quarter 
and year ended, and also give you a outlook for the next 3 to 5 years that we are expecting on 
the performance side. This is how we performed for the quarter and the year ended 2023-2024. 
Consolidated revenue of about INR 28,564 million. Consolidated EBITDA over 13% and a PAT 
of INR 245 crore with a year-over-year growth of about 9%. 
Our order book continues to remain strong at about INR 114 billion, which gives us a good 3-
year revenue visibility. We continue to have a profitable growth journey even in this year, by 
profitable growth, we mean the PAT growing at a rate faster than the rate of sales growth.  
These numbers are like-to-like because we had divested two of our European subsidiaries in the 
last year, and this is part of our strategy to continue reducing our exposure to geographies in 
Europe, which are more top line driven rather than bottom line driven. And we are now focusing 
on how to improve profit rather than nearly chasing top line, which is, for us, is just a 
consequence. These are the key performance metrics for the last year. 
As I said, EBITDA of over 13%, PAT of about 9%. We continued to generate cash this year as 
well, a free cash flow of about INR 168 crore, and we closed with a net cash positive position of 
INR 236 crore. We continue to remain asset-light, as Mr. Mittal said, and that's reflective in our 
ROCE, which is about 19%. 
This is a slide probably, I think we as an organization and as a management team, we are all 
proud of. The turnaround from a cash perspective that we have been able to demonstrate with 
our strategy playing out well. We were at one point, a net debt company. This is about 8 years 
back, and you see the whole transition into a net cash company. This is the fourth year where 
the company and the group has generated a net cash position, and we ended the year with INR 
236 crore. 
Mr. Mittal spoke about the strategy “Wriddhi”, which we embarked upon about 3 years back. 
And I think it is good to understand it in numbers to see that the strategy is actually working. 
These are the key metrics as far as the strategy is concerned, and we have just averaged it over 
3 years for some of the business metrics so that there is no lumpiness that is seen. You would 
see that our industrial revenue is about 30% over the last 3 years. 
International revenue is about 40%. In some years, we were even more than 50%. Our EP, which 
is a major margin accretion as well as a cash driver was more than one third of our EPC revenues 
and our O&M reached 15% average. We are in the 15% to 17% kind of range now, and our 
focus is to take it to 20% in the medium term. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
Our ROCE were at one point at 12.3%, which has now moved to the 19% range, and our ROE, 
which was about 8% has moved to a 15% range over the last 3 years. EBITDA, again, we were 
7%-8%, and today, we are over 13% in EBITDA driven by more EP, more international, more 
industrial and gradually increasing our O&M business. These are all triggers for the uptick in 
the EBITDA. 
PAT again has moved from 4% levels to 9%. One of the key contributors here has also been 
how we have managed our cash and debt, moving from a net debt company to a net cash 
company, also reflects in our interest cost, which has sequentially come down over the last 4 
years, and we will continue this path to remain net cash. Our free cash flow in 2024, as I 
mentioned, was INR 168 crore, and we are fourth year consecutively a net cash company at INR 
236 crore. 
So this was a slide which we wanted to present to the investors, was about 3 years back, there 
was a commitment on the strategy, and it is important to demonstrate that the strategy is actually 
working in the numbers. From a medium-term outlook, having seen how the strategy has 
transformed the business, provides us a lot of confidence in terms of how we see the business 
will grow going forward in a 3 to 5-year kind of scale. 
We see our order book over a 3 to 5 years to reach about 3x of our revenues. Revenues to grow 
in a 15% to 20% CAGR. EBITDA to be in the 13% to 15% range, again, the triggers being more 
O&M, more EP, going more and more International. We're looking at MEA as an important 
geography to drive this growth, Southeast Asia, the CIS countries. All of this help us grow more 
Internationally. And Industrial of course oil and gas, we are one of the leaders. You would have 
seen all the marquee names in the oil and gas sector already, and these are companies which we 
are working with even today. 
ROCE, about 20%. We will continue to remain on our commitment to stay asset-light. We are 
not interested in investing in assets. We are interested in EPC and O&M, and more importantly, 
be a technology player. We will not be a contractor. We will be a technology player, and that is 
how we will remain asset-light and generate good ROCEs, about 20%. 
O&M reaching 20% of total revenues, this is an important ticker for us because it provides 
stability, predictability on revenue, cash flow margins, very low asset, is less heavy on the 
balance sheet. We will remain net cash positive, this is another commitment. And from a return 
perspective on the ROE front to be more than 15%. 
This is what we had for the day in terms of explaining the business outlook as well as the 
performance. So we can now open the floor for interactive Q&A, and we'll be glad to answer 
any questions. 
Moderator: 
Hi everyone. I have my colleagues with mics so you can raise your hand. One small request. If 
you can just introduce yourself and the organization, you are from. Thank you. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
My name is Dhananjay Bagrodia from ASK. Just wanted to ask you, when you talk about 
hydrogen and semiconductor and new opportunities, for that total capex, how much is 
attributable to us? 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See on this kind of hydrogen projects, the total capital required will be many times more than 
what is invested for water. As I said, we would limit our contribution to the total project in terms 
of water. And water is something which is we are specialized in. That's where our domain 
expertise is, and it will not be a major portion of the total investment, because the green energy, 
the electrodes and all that process and the funding and other things will be a major part. And 
setting up a water treatment plant will not be a major part. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
It'll be like minuscule in percentage-wise, right? It'll be like single, low single. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Today, because things have not matured to that level. And still, the cost is evolving of hydrogen. 
As you know, even today, commercially, it's not viable. The green hydrogen, okay? It's 
emerging. 
So I'm sure over a period of time, all this cost is going to come down. And as a percentage, water 
will go up because water, there's nothing more we can do. Today, it will be I think, less than 
10%. When the cost of all this is coming down, maybe we go a few notches up 12% to 15% it's 
my guess. I repeat. I don't have any authentic number, it's my guess. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay. And sir, part two, in terms of working capital, what levers do we have in terms of 
improving that as we move ahead? Are we focusing on some projects where we'll get better 
working capital terms or anything on those lines? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. I would try to respond, and I will leave it to my colleagues to give their views. Today, we 
have done all what is required. We told you about going for projects which are multilaterally 
funded, sovereign guarantees, letters of credit. These are all ensuring that we don't have a huge 
delay in payment collection, okay? 
But multilaterals will have their own challenges of having at least a 4-month payment cycle 
because it has to go to the funding agency to get your letters of credit and the payments released. 
Plus we have gone into EP. “C” is the one which causes delay on the project. EP should be better. 
Third, you have seen that we are going to increase our service contribution of O&M, which is 
also an annuity business. Fourth, we are into international, which is payment cycle is better than 
domestic. These are some of our strategy points, which we are working on, and it will go. This 
year, you have to take aberration because we had some 3 to 4 large projects during this year, 
whether it was Pagla in Bangladesh, whether it's Chennai, major desal, Mumbai project. All this, 
you do initially 6 to 8 months of engineering then you start your supplies and construction. And 
here, most of it was done in the last quarter or even last month, March. 
Obviously, this cash will not come in 30 days. So it will take 3 to 4 months, but you will see 
what you are seeing now at the closure of March, all this will be liquidated in next quarter. So 
hopefully, when we give you a balance sheet in September, already this would have been 
liquidated. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
My name is Rohit Natarajan. I'm coming from Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance. So my first 
question is more to do with the order backlog that you have at this point in time? Within next 3 
to 5 years, do you have a vision to double it or triple it, and if you have, how do you plan to 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
execute it? I mean, what is the non-fund based limits that you have right now? What exactly is 
the verticals that you would be looking at? 
For instance, how much will be the international exposure, how much will be the domestic? Also 
to give us some color on the international part, because there is Veolia and Suez, there is the 
other such big players over there, how would you differentiate yourself over there? 
And within the domestic space, obviously, it's in the Indian municipal bodies, they do not 
appreciate much of these technologies that you talk about, their pricing power is quite limited. 
So help us understand those bigger picture. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
A lot of questions, I should say. So I think from an order book perspective, I think you've seen 
our medium-term outlook. We've said we want to have at least 3x of our revenues in our order 
book, and that is at least what we will aim for. And we've already said in some of our 
communications yesterday, day before, that we are looking at about a INR 16,000 crore order 
book by the end of this year. 
And from a 3 to 5 year perspective, some of the guidances that we have given in terms of how 
we want the mix of business is answering your question, one, internationally, over 50% where 
internationally, Middle East is going to be a growth engine for us. Africa will consistently be a 
growth driver. CIS countries is an opportunity; Southeast Asia is an opportunity. These are going 
to be the international growth drivers. 
Second, in terms of industrial, oil and gas, we are leaders in oil and gas. We will continue to 
build on that, that’s a 30% of revenues that we are looking at. Again, Operation and 
Maintenance, today it’s 15%-17%, we want to take it to 20%. So this is the kind of color that we 
are seeing in terms of business over the next 3 to 5 years. And in the immediate term, next 12-
18 months, we see good traction, mainly in the Middle East market to have more orders. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think you asked some question which he said too many questions. So he may be missed two 
last of your questions which I will answer. You talked about competition, global. You named 
Veolia, Suez. See, we don't see Veolia as competitor anymore. And this must be clearly 
understood. We are a technology EPC and O&M contractor and Veolia is asset-heavy. You can 
go Google it, go to their net. They like owning assets. We hate owning assets. So we don't 
compete because what we do, they don't like doing, what they do, we don't like doing. 
Suez, majority part of Suez has been acquired by Veolia. I'm sure you know that. So Suez has 
become very small and only in limited markets and limited business sector. So we also don't see 
them anymore as a big competitor today in this market. 
Next, you asked about Indian clients do not appreciate technology, not true, not true. If that was 
the case, we would not build advanced technology projects in India. There's not a single oil and 
gas, whether it's private like Reliance, Essars of the world, or whether it's PSUs, Indian Oil, 
HPCL, BPCL and all that, where they don't have recycle of their wastewater, okay? 
MRPL Desalination, Reliance also desalination, HPCL, Vizag desalination. If these are the 
technologies not valued by them, then what they have done in building a plant and selecting 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
good companies to build those plants. Because water is a lifeline for all these industries, take a 
case of recycle. I told you Ghaziabad, Chennai, Surat, if it is recycle, is it a run-of-the-mill 
project? Is it technology that clients are not appreciating? 
Then why they are giving orders and getting the best of the companies to execute these orders 
and not only execute, also operate for 20 years so that they get reliable performance. 
Desalination, recently in India, Asia's largest desalination plant, we are executing. Who were the 
competition, 4- French, Israeli, Spanish and Wabag. If they don't appreciate this technology, 
what is this 400-MLD desal plant is doing. So I don't think, I agree fully that Indian clients do 
not appreciate good companies and good technologies. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
So finally, on the margins front, if I have to appreciate where the margin drivers are? Like is it 
more to do with the international orders within that? Is it the industrial or the municipal-based 
where exactly are the margin and the cash flow balancing looks like? 
Skandaprasad S.: 
I think from a margin front, the drivers that we have put in the strategy, EP will be a key margin 
driver. What EP does? There is no construction. So there's more control on time. You don't pass 
through the construction in the books, which means, automatically, the margins are reflective of 
the business you do. This is one margin driver. 
Number two, Industrial. Faster turnaround projects, more advanced technology projects. 
Appreciation of value over price is something that we see. This is another margin driver, which 
has been there, which will continue to be there. 
Number three, International. Internationally, the specifications are richer. The payment terms 
are better. The cycles are better. And even on EPC projects, we are able to bring large 
construction partners who kind of de-risk us from construction because they would take both the 
financial as well as the operational risk of construction. 
Number four, will be Operational Maintenance. High-margin, again, very good cash flows, very 
low-risk, cash-and-carry business, and this moving up, as it has been doing, will be another 
ticker. So these are the 4 triggers and tickers, which will continue to help us sustain and improve 
our margins. 
S. Varadarajan: 
Maybe we can add one to what Skanda said, even the ticket size of the plants, what we have 
been in the last 25-27 years, what you've been seeing as is continuously going up. So as the 
ticket size of the plants goes up, you will see that the margins will also be better because the 
kind of overheads you have to invest into execution of every project is becoming more and more 
efficient as you grow the ticket size. There's another thing which you can watch us. 
Amish: 
This is Amish from JM Financial. Congrats, sir, for a very good year, at least, in terms of 
profitable growth, as you said, and walking the talk. Sir, a couple of observation here. This year, 
our order inflow was lower than the revenue that we had, which is an execution. So our 
outstanding order book to trailing revenue, the number is slightly lower. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
I understand it is more than 3 times that we are targeting. And also, we note that last year, this 
time, we were shying away from saying that we'll grow at, say, single digit, whereas now, we 
have a visibility of a 15% to 20% growth on a 3 to 5 year basis. So great news there. 
The question is, sir, if you can just share with us some pipeline that we are talking about. Are 
we participating in some tenders or negotiating bilaterally? which gives us the confidence, that 
at least the pipeline that we are talking about is giving us that confidence of, say, 15%- 20% 
growth, and that split between, say, India versus Saudi Arabia, and that will give us some hope 
that this one is tangible. The context is this Code of Conduct, election, which probably would 
have lost some 3 months. And also if you can give us some sense there, we would appreciate the 
guidance better, in terms of pipeline and inquiry. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
So as I said, and I said very confidently, the pipeline is very robust. We have a very solid 
pipeline. We all know last quarter and this quarter, India business has slowed down because 
decision-making has already come to a standstill, a couple of months before Code of Conduct 
and maybe 1 month after the elections are result, the government is formed, the ministries are 
allocated, the budgets are done, all that. It will take time. Maybe July - August, it will start rolling 
again. But we didn't stay quiet. 
We used this time to shift some of our resources from the Indian region to the Middle East and 
Africa region. That is a region we have really grown. And as I said to somebody earlier, that in 
the last 4 to 5 months, we have submitted bids worth $1 billion in Gulf Region alone. That shows 
how solid is the pipeline. These are all real projects. These are mega projects. These are projects 
upwards of $100 million - $200 million, and these are the kind of projects where we have 
submitted. And there's not huge competition. There are 3 or 4 companies on each project have 
submitted. 
So we fancy our chances. They are all in technical evaluation, and I'm sure, in next couple of 
months, they will start opening the price bid and start declaring a preferred bidder. We are very 
confident, that we'll grow our pipeline. And next year, when we meet here, you will see a very 
decent number of order book, which we will have, which will give you confidence that we have 
truly a 3-year revenue thing. And also, we have grown this 15% to 20% in terms of top line. 
Sharad Chandra: 
Hello. My name is Sharad Chandra, I'm an investment adviser. You have a top line of about INR 
3,000 crore. You have a profitability of about INR 250 crore. And you have debtor days, which 
is quite high. And you have debtors, which are more than 6 months of about INR 500 crore. And 
you have written down, made provisions of INR 125 crore as doubtful debtors. Now the question 
is, have you written off any of the debtors? And most of your business is coming from 
government. So why do you have to make provisions for doubtful debtors? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I will give you my layman version, our CFO can give you a technical part. See, there is a 
provision under the Indian accounting standards, which is given by the institute, which is called 
ECL provisions, which has a delay and doubtful receivables, you have to make a provision. It's 
not about management confidence, whether it's collectible, not collectible. It's not about 
government's ability and affordability to pay. It is a simple rule that you have to have an ECL 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
policy, and you have to make a provision as per that policy. When you collect, you reverse it. 
The technical portion, I give it to the CFO. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
I think this INR 125 crore, if I heard it right, it's not a number that I recognize. At least not the 
provision that we have made. Are you talking about the provision we have done in FY23-24? 
Sharad Chandra: 
Yes, your balance sheet numbers I'm talking about. You have made debtor days, you have 
defined as INR 500 crore, which is more than 6 months, and INR 125 crore, which you have 
made provision for doubtful debtors. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
No, this is the cumulative provisions over years. As Mr. Mittal said, majority of this will be in 
the nature of delay provisions because there will be milestone payments, which will be delayed. 
There'll be retention payments. There is also a time delay in collection. So under the Ind AS, we 
are required to make delay provisions. And as it is collected, this is reversed back. 
Sharad Chandra: 
So nothing has been written off until now in the history of the company? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, no. You have seen last year, can’t say in the history of the company, last year, we all know 
INR 300 crore we have written off. 
Sharad Chandra: 
No, that is for the subsidiaries, which you wrote off. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, for the listed company, so many years, we talked about GENCO. Last year, we wrote this 
INR 300 crore off in the same room we stood and told you. So we can't say that in the business 
we run, you cannot be that you don't. The idea is you learn. And like I told you, we learned. 
We'll not take any contracts from state government, okay? That's a learning. 
But there is a price to the learning. And we told you very clearly, transparently, we told you 
what we have written off, okay? So there's nothing to hide there. It's a business you do. There 
will be some provisions have to be made, as per Ind AS, as per our CFO. We have made that. 
We are completely compliant, audited, presented to the shareholders. 
Sharad Chandra: 
So going forward, you are assuring that you'll do business in which you are confident that you 
will get payments and most of them are multilateral… 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, absolutely. This was the learning. This is what I made in my speech, that 98% to 99% of 
them today have a payment security. Any one of you can check our order book, and check the 
statement I made is right or wrong. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Just to clarify, even today, our payment securities are at that level. And as I clarified, most of 
provisions are for delay. So there's not a question of no government will reach a situation where 
they cannot pay. It may be delayed. Some of these will also be reconciliations towards the end 
of the project. So it's actually not an inability to pay from the government. When project is 
closed, there are some things which are reconciled and you adjust. 
But even today, we don't have a situation that somebody does not pay us. That's not the case. 
Today, more than 95% - 97% of our EPC book is either multilaterally funded, sovereign funded, 
federal government funded or it is backed by a letter of credit. So there is no denial of payment. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
There may be delay of payment, but that delay of payment is again provisioned, as per the 
accounting standards. 
Sharad Chandra: 
But this delay of payment may be because of the specifications, which are given for the project, 
and probably they were not meeting the specifications. Can that also be the case? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Our CEO Saab, will also get in. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
This is a bit technical. Any project has its life cycle. You do your part of the work, and you're 
doing as a part of overall project. So rest of the component, if they are taking a bit longer time 
in completing, our portion is completed. 
So when it gets commissioned, then there is a payment milestone that, after commissioning, 
though you have completed, there is no concern from that payment coming through, but 
somebody else will complete. That is the payment term you have signed off, so it takes longer 
time, and that is where you just make a provision. But it's not that payment is in question. These 
are the kind of things which come in. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes, I think you made a very big statement here. We have a 100 years of track record, okay? 
And we have built more than 6,500 plants. I can tell you with my hand on my heart, there's not 
a single plant which has not delivered what we have contracted to deliver. You said that we are 
not meeting the performance specification, we would not be a number 3 company globally if we 
don't make our plants to the promise we have made. 
There can be some tweaking required to be done, commissioning required to be done, some 
adjustment, troubleshooting, it happens in any machinery. But there's no plant built by us which 
are rejected by the client and it's not meeting the performance. I want to make this very clear. 
Because if we are into the business what you're thinking, we should not exist.  
Nidhi Shah: 
My name is Nidhi Shah, and I'm from ICICI Securities. I had 2 questions. The first one is that 
you mentioned, on medium term, we're targeting revenue CAGR to be 15% to 20%. But in the 
last 3 years, we've seen that the revenue has degrown. I understand that there are a lot of 
initiatives that you have taken and are still to undertake to reach those levels of CAGR. My 
question would be, when do you think those would kick in? And by when can we say that we 
have finally achieved the 15% to 20% CAGR? That is my first question. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think I've said this. This was the same question which came up in a CNBC interview post our 
results declaration. I spent quite a bit of time on this CNBC to explain this, and I'm going to try 
to explain the same thing to you. It is a similar question you are asking. 
First, we have been very, very clear and vocal. In the last 3 years, even today, you have seen that 
we want to reduce our “C”, okay? When we reduce our “C”, naturally, which was passing 
through our books, will not pass through our books. That portion of “C” is gradually going to 
come down, which you have seen over the years, it's slowly coming down. It will never be zero 
because there are projects which client will insist that we should take the “C”. But our 
philosophy, guidance to our team is to reduce the “C” component. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
So that is missing in the top line, which you had earlier, which is not there today. And this has 
helped to get your margins growing. We were at 7% - 8% on EBITDA; 4% - 5% on PAT. Today, 
we are 14% - 15% on EBITDA and 9% on PAT. So you can see very clearly this has grown. So 
it really doesn't matter whether you have a revenue, same or a little less even, as long as you 
have profitability and cash. And this has thrown out some INR 250 crore of cash, even if we are 
at the same revenue. So that's number one part of my answer to your question. 
Second, again, to rationalize this, some of our European subsidiaries, which were almost 
stagnant, was not giving us the bottom line and cash, was only giving us top line, we have 
divested it. And we have made the announcement, I think it's in the public domain, that two of 
our European subsidiaries, we have divested. That's another INR 170 - 180 crore, which was 
there in the previous year, is not there. So this is the two reasons you have not seen the top line 
grow, but you have seen a substantial, almost doubling, of the bottom line. 
Going forward, why did we make this statement of 15% to 20%? Because we are more or less 
reaching a steady state of “C” coming down and subsidiary divestment happening. Now if you 
see from this year, we are very hopeful that we will be in that region with the kind of order 
backlog we have and the order pipeline we have. So I think we are saying that with a lot of 
conviction that we will achieve something in the range of 15% to 20%. 
Nidhi Shah: 
All right. So by that, can you assume that 15% to 20% would be something that we could see 
from FY25 onwards? Or would that take a little longer than that? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
No, no. You'll see from FY25 onwards, maybe you will see more 15% - 16% and towards, the 
3 years later, you will see more towards 20%, by that time, most of the “C” would have taken 
care. 
Nidhi Shah: 
My second and last question would be, you have recently launched the BLUE SEED initiative. 
And I would like some kind of clarity on where the funding for this initiative is going to come 
from and how much have you envisioned capital inside this? And again, where is that going to 
come from? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
It will come from company's internal accruals. We are not going to go and borrow money. And 
these are pre-seed and seed capital. So it's not a lot of money. But as the name says, seed to seed 
and fuel these startups so that they have initial capital to develop their ideas. So I don't think, as 
I said before, we are not talking about millions of capital going into this. It's our know-how. It's 
our experience and our access to the global markets is what we are bringing to these young 
entrepreneurs. 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
Sir, Ramesh Bhojwani from Mehta & Vakil. First and foremost, many heartiest congratulations 
to your current team. The one before you and the one before that, you have completed 100 years. 
100 years comes in 3 generations. And you have successfully completed not only 100 years, you 
have completed 100 years by the daughter taking over the parent plant, as you mentioned in your 
opening remarks. And a remarkable thing, 125+ patents. It speaks volumes of your prowess, 
engineering skill and application. And in your presentation, you also said that there are 2 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
perennial sources of water. One is the sea. So desalination is here to stay, and you are building 
the biggest desalination plant of 400 million liters per day. 
So going forward, I see desalination contributing virtually 40% to 50% of your top line. But the 
question, which was coming in my mind that you are giving a guidance of 15% to 20% with an 
order book of INR 114 billion, I personally see this order book will be exhausted in the next 3 
years or even less. So your guidance is very conservative, of course, very thoughtfully done. 
And the last point is we must celebrate 100 years with now free cash flow is coming in, with 
your positive concurrence in my thought, with a 1:1 bonus issue. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I thought you said, we should celebrate it with cocktail and dinner. Let’s break for cocktail and 
dinner. I think, yes, I think we agree with your comments. And of course, we'll take it to our 
Board, your suggestion, and seek their guidance. 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
The thought which I also wanted to share is on this desalination and the work, which we are 
doing in various aspects. Going forward, with 1,500 people on our payrolls, are we capable of 
doubling our turnover? Or we have to add more people and add more material and men to 
achieve our objective? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think my colleague, Mr. Varadarajan, mentioned to you, the ticket sizes are going up. Yes, of 
course, we will have to add some people, but we don't have to double and triple our force because 
a project of INR 100 crore or INR 100 million doesn't mean that we have to add 8 times more 
staff. We need a higher competency of the staff, higher skills of the staff to manage these 
international clients and the challenging environment, but not necessarily the numbers. Numbers 
will go up, but not to that order. 
And this, as I told you, we started with only 6 people. And today, we have 1,500. That, itself, 
has shown in the last 26 to 27 years a journey we have grown. And I'm sure in the next 25 years, 
we will go further. And it's not been an issue with us because we have adopted a certain policy 
of hiring young, training them and molding into WABAG culture of doing things. 
This has worked for us. I'm sure, going forward, we'll continue this strategy of building our 
workforce, which are also emotionally attached. In today's materialistic world, attrition is the 
biggest concern. So it's also we have to keep that in mind that we have to build people who are 
not only with the company for just money, they're also here to learn, emotionally get connected 
and build their careers. 
Ramesh Bhojwani: 
Absolutely, sir. 
S. Varadarajan: 
See, just to add, we are also moving towards digitization as the whole world is moving towards. 
So this is also adding to the so-called productivity. So it's not about multiplying more number 
of people. With existing people, how can I optimize like, for example, if I have 100 plants, which 
I have to operate and maintain, there are some core competencies which I need to invest to make 
sure the plants are running well. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Now if I have a central place where I'm able to connect to all these plants digitally, because all 
of them have SCADAs and all the kind of digital requisite infrastructure, which can enable me 
to connect through the Internet, so we are able to even take over the plant sitting in our office. 
We rectify what is required and give it back to them. This kind of infrastructure is something we 
have invested, and we are moving also towards using AI and this and that, et cetera. So we are 
moving digitally also. This also will add to productivity. 
Naman Maheshwari: 
This is Naman Maheshwari from Cape Investments. Sir, first of all, many congratulations for 
what we have achieved. Globally, we are number 3. Even AI recognizes our presence in the 
space, right? Sir, there is only 1 question, which I want to ask. We are giving a guidance of 15% 
growth. Does this include revenue generated from the biogas initiative as well because that itself 
would be INR 1,500 - 1,600 crore potential business? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think this is yet to kick off. We just signed, and we announced a few months back. And during 
the Code of Conduct, we have not even approached the market for decision-making. We have 
to go and tap the market, and we expect to have a good traction in the market. So to the best of 
our knowledge, yes, it includes. The way we have seen in the next 2 years, how it will pick up. 
But if it picks up much faster with government's policy and intervention, obviously, we'll stand 
here next year and revise the guidance. 
Hardik: 
My name is Hardik. I'm from Param Capital. Sir, 3 questions for you, sir. So of the green shoot 
areas, if you could talk a little bit about what kind of traction you've been seeing so far and if 
you've seen anything meaningful developed there. So the green shoot areas I'm talking about are 
green hydrogen and semiconductors. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
You're talking about hydrogen and semiconductor, what is the development that we have had 
until now? 
Hardik: 
Correct. Anything in the green shoot areas. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
See, right now, I mean, semiconductors, yes, we are looking at companies. We are establishing 
relationship; inquiries are going on. Hydrogen is a little far away. It will be more at pilots for 
the next couple of years. We'll see how the cost of the overall production of hydrogen comes 
down. That's when scale will come, and we'll start seeing inquiries of a certain respectable level. 
Hardik: 
Okay. Fantastic. And another quick question. So apologies if I missed this. I think there was 
some version of this question asked. So you mentioned the order book for FY25 will go to, let's 
say, INR 16,000 crores. And you plan to generate a revenue CAGR of 15% this year. So again, 
just doing some math, that would be about INR 3,500 crore. As a percentage of order book, what 
is your appetite to sort of scale up what percentage of your order book you kind of want to 
execute in a year? Would love to just understand that a bit better. 
Skandaprasad S.: 
Typically, the EPC book, if it's an EP project, anywhere between 24 to 30 months is the 
unwinding cycle. If it's an EPC project, depending on the size, it could be anywhere between 36 
to 42 months. O&M could be 2 years, 5 years, 7 year or 10 years, like a Chennai desal is also 20 
years. So you'll have to gather the mix. And in the order book, depending on the mix, this will 
be the unwinding that will normally happen. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
Pavan: 
This is Pavan from Fident Asset management. So can you please explain the capital expenditure 
in EP projects and then EPC projects separately? Like how does the amount of money that goes 
to EP partner go and work? And then also milestone-based dependencies, when there is a 
construction partner who is separate from you? And who are some of the construction partners 
that you work with when you are doing EP project and then the “C” is being handled by someone 
else? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, when you talk about capital, both whether it's EPC or EP, from a client, is the same capital 
he has to deploy, whether he has 1 contractor to do the EPC or he has 2 contractors, 1 doing EP 
and other doing EPC, okay? So capital deployed for a project will be same. 
Now when you come across the partners we work with, see construction portion is very local. 
So we can't have 1 partner for Pan-India or 1 partner globally. We need to have a local partner 
for every project, and we have got used to certain partners where we've worked with, and we 
like to continue our relationship with them. Or sometimes the “C” is not even part of our, so 
client selects the “C” part. So they award “C” part separately and EPC part separately. So trust 
it answers your question. 
Pavan: 
So just to put it in a different perspective, if what would be a cost of like a 100 million liter per 
day project overall cost? And what percentage would it go to the EP partner? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, there's no fixed percentage because it depends on how much technology of the plant. The 
higher the technology, less will be civil. Like if you go for recycled plants and desal plants, 
maybe only 20% to 25% will be civil. If you go to conventional water treatment plant, 50% will 
be civil. So depending on the type of the plant, this ratio will vary. 
Smit Doshi: 
This is Smit Doshi from Wise Capital. So 1 question with technical. What is the margin 
difference between EP, EPC and O&M? And as you have said that we have bidded for $1 billion 
of projects. So in that project, what would be the portion in EP? That is first thing. 
Second thing, what gives our company right to win? We have 125-plus patents. We don't have 
so many comparables in our listed space. And as you have said that, in international market, we 
are also global in number 3 and number 5. So what our patent makes difference in projects? So 
if you give some anecdotes of examples, then it would be very good for us as a layman to get 
understanding of that thing better. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Your first question is margin difference. O&M or service business is always at least 50% to 70% 
better margins than the EPC business. And EP business are always about 20% better margin than 
the EPC business because the “C” is passed through and EP business, 100% of the margin is 
accrued by us. 
Now how the technology makes an impact, it's very simple. Today, all the clients are smart, they 
are evaluating the bids on life cycle cost, net present value. So either your capital cost is lower, 
your operating cost is lower or both are lower. 
So our technologies are developed to either reduce the capital cost or the operating cost or both. 
There's no use of developing new and advanced technology, which cannot reduce the life cycle 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
cost. So all our effort in developing new products or processes will reduce the life cycle cost. 
And that is what is helping us to win projects without sacrificing the margins. 
Kishore Sunegar: 
I'm Kishore Sunegar, an investor. A few minutes back, you said that a lesson learned from write-
off that you will not take a state government projects, right? Am I right? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. 
Kishore Sunegar: 
Going forward, desalination will be the 40% of our business. That is also right when you said 
when one of the question was asked. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Just said yes. It is there, right? 
Kishore Sunegar: 
Then all the “C” is attached with the states? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Yes. 
Kishore Sunegar: 
Sir, how will we win the business then? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Because Chennai, example, Asia's largest desalination plant. It is in Chennai, which is the second 
longest seacoast in the world after Miami. So both definitions, what you said, is there. And it's 
a Chennai local body, Tamil Nadu state government. Who's funding this project? Just now, I 
said, and I'm sure you were present when I said this. See? The gentleman maybe in the front 
rows are more active. 
So JICA, Japanese multilateral agency is funding the project. What we said, the payment is not 
coming from state government. It's coming from Japan JICA. State government is not funding. 
I'm not going into their treasury to collect my payment. They only certify the work done, 
payment comes from Tokyo. So get it clear. Water is a state subject. Water is not a central subject 
in our constitution. 
Every time the business we are in, state is going to be the counterparty. But funding, we don't 
have to depend on the state. And that's the reason we select projects, which I told you, and our 
CFO also repeated. Multilaterally funded projects does not give me any exposure on the local 
bodies or state governments, number one. 
Number two, we go for the projects even in UP, Kolkata, which are state, but funded by Namami 
Gange's central government which giving us sovereign guarantee of repayment, and that has to 
be understood. Projects will be with state government, but payment guarantee is by multilateral 
or by central government. Thank you. 
Deepen Shah: 
Yes, sir, Deepen Shah here. First of all, thanks for the presentation. And I had 1 question on the 
O&M business, which is the annuity part of the business. Could you just give us some more 
insights into how does the O&M business pan out once you have completed the project? Like 
when does the O&M start? Generally, what is the period of the O&M business? And what 
proportion of the capital cost is the O&M part over a maybe 5 to 10 year period? That would be 
greatly helpful. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
Shailesh Kumar: 
Yes. So different projects, it depends on how the project is architected. In terms of O&M 
duration when we complete the project, it starts from 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. So there is no 
fixed defined period, depends on how customers have architected the project. But anything 
between 10 to 20 years, it ranges from. 
Deepen Shah: 
Okay. But when does the O&M start? Like you're supposed to complete a project in FY25. So 
the O&M starts immediately next year?  
Shailesh Kumar: 
Exactly. The moment you finish the project, construction is completed, next day, O&M starts. 
Deepen Shah: 
And what proportion is in terms of revenue? When you say, INR 100 crores capital cost projects, 
so how much will be the O&M over the next 10year period? 
Shailesh Kumar: 
It would depend on the type of projects, what we are doing, the kind of involvement it is there, 
kind of manpower, kind of chemical involvement. So different projects would be having a 
different thing, what duration you are talking about. So it is not a very fixed formula for that. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Take the Chennai desal we are talking about, one of the largest projects, 50% of the EPC is 
O&M for 20 years. 
Deepen Shah: 
Okay. 50% over the next 20 years. Okay. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
20 years is an example of desal. If it's a sewage treatment plant, there will be a different ratio. If 
it's a recycle plant, it will be of a different ratio. Because it depends on manpower, machines, 
spare parts, chemicals, all this comes into the O&M cost. So depending on the technology, this 
number can vary, but anything in this order of magnitude. 
Deepen Shah: 
And lastly, are there any penalty clauses associated with any of our projects? And like how have 
we panned over the last couple of years, or 3 to 4 years. 
Shailesh Kumar: 
Well, yes, that's an inherent part of all projects, irrespective of location, irrespective of sector we 
are working. But that's a universal phenomenon. When you are into project business there are 
penalties for performance. There are penalties for delay. But we know how to handle those 
situations. We, every day, do risk assessment. Periodically, we assess that and try to mitigate 
that. And that is what is our robustness in project delivery. 
Vinit: 
This is Vinit from Karma Capital. Firstly, congratulating the team for completing a century of 
the business. One question for you, Mr. Mittal, do you foresee any such 400 MLD kind of 
Chennai desal plants coming out for bidding in the next 2 years, specifically about India? And 
then I have a question for Shailesh. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Definitely, I think Chennai has shown the way, that to build water security in a water-starved, 
rain-shadow region in Chennai to build a water security, by the time we build this plant, 50% of 
the population in Chennai will be fed from desal water. If Chennai has shown the way, I don't 
think many states and cities will not follow that. So I'm very hopeful, and it also makes sense to 
build water security when you are on the coast line, and go for more desalination. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
It is, as I repeat, is a myth when people say it's expensive. The question to be asked, expensive 
compared to what? It's a relative term, expensive. Compared to what? Because today, desal water 
is much cheaper than what we all get as a tanker water in our home, okay? Tanker water comes 
at maybe 2,000 liters to 2,500 liters for INR10,000. So 25 paisa. Desal comes in single digits, 
INR 7 / INR 8 / INR 9, paisa a liter. Plus it's much more safer. You get a piped water. You know 
exactly the quality of water which is coming. Tanker, you don't know where this guy has picked 
up. He's dumped into your sump and your watchman is pressing the button and goes to overhead 
tank and we all use that. 
So it's also not safe and reliable, whereas desal water is safe, affordable, reliable and sustainable 
source. So I am very, very hopeful that governments will open their eyes and many more projects 
will come over the years. 
Vinit: 
And just 1 question for Shailesh that, where are we in terms of the One City One Operator kind 
of projects? And does our 20% contribution from O&M that we are expecting built in any project 
awarding from that kind of a model that we are already in? 
Shailesh Kumar: 
So this One City One Operator concept was an innovative concept. We pursued with a few 
people with the government, and we have seen the light of the day, and that is what we are 
operating. Not a usual phenomenon. We are doing canvassing. We are reaching out to many 
people. 
People have shown interest. They have seen the success out of it, what the value we are creating 
for the customers. So there is some traction. But bringing it to tendering stage, bringing it to 
bidding stage, that is yet work in progress. But we see that people are seeing the value out of it. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I think we'll take the last 2 questions, and then we'll spend a few minutes for our 100-year 
celebration, and then we'll break for cocktail and dinner. So last 2 questions, please. Too many 
hands for the last 2 questions. So we have to combine some of the questions, or we'll take it post 
our 100-year celebration. 
Praveen: 
My name is Praveen from Acuitas Capital Advisors. I had a couple of questions for you. Given 
your international exposure to geographies like Africa and the CIS states, how do you mitigate 
the geopolitical risk involved there? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
For us, we are very clear. For ages and decades now, we are doing international business, cross-
border businesses. We are very clear that we always would have a combination of onshore and 
offshore. One, onshore, we need to get the local effect and get into the local market, client 
relationships, subcontractors, sub supplier management. We have always a local team at the 
ground. And we have an off-site team, which is mostly based either in Austria or India or Turkey. 
These are experts in terms of engineering, technology, procurement, and this combination has 
worked. 
To mitigate the currency risk, we always have contracts in 2 currencies. What is offshore supply, 
we always take in dollars or euro. What is a local portion, we always take in local currency. So 
we don't take any currency risk. And as I said, it's multilaterally funded or letters of credit, so 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
that will also avoid payment risks. So this is the way we have somehow perfected our 
international geography business. 
Praveen: 
Just one. So you've spoken about increasing the proportion of the O&M part of the business, 
right, in the medium term. But if I look at your order book, you're talking about a very sharp 
acceleration there, right, where likely part of it will come from the E&P part of the business, 
right, which, as you explained earlier, it could be anywhere in terms of execution between 2 to 
3 years. So in the backdrop of a sharp acceleration in the E&P part of the business, how do you 
see the O&M proportion going up in parallel with that? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
See, we have to see, in India, most of the EPC business is backed up by O&M. But that's not the 
case with international business. There's no DBO business, design, build and then O&M. Very 
few. So it's more still Indian phenomena, where EPC is followed by O&M, but still, that is not 
the international norm. 
Suyash: 
We heard from you about your focus on circular economy and strong presence of the company. 
We see the central government, specially the Central Pollution Control Board are tapping hard 
on the EPR guidelines, especially in the plastic and rubber recycling plant, do you see something 
similar coming in the water space where the company can tap on it to monetize the water credit, 
something what we have done in carbon credit rating part and that is coming into the P&L of 
the Company?  
Rajiv Mittal: 
Absolutely. I think we have discussed it already. I told you, on a wastewater treatment plant, it's 
a completely circular economy. 100% is resource recovery. The organics are converted to gas, 
harnessed, water is recycled and harnessed. The solid residue goes as manure, as a fertilizer. So 
it's completely resource recovery and circular economy. Nothing goes as waste. 
Now more and more, we are getting into this hydrogen or compressed biogas. There is going to 
be a phenomena of carbon credits in India, okay? We don't especially have to go abroad to get 
our carbon credits. I think this is something written on the wall. It's going to happen. There are 
polluting industries, which cannot meet their targets. They will have to come to the industries 
like us and buy the carbon credit. 100% very valid question, very futuristic question. It's not too 
distant future, this will happen. 
Unknown Analyst: 
What is the time frame that you see for it to convert into numbers and reflecting into our P&L? 
Rajiv Mittal: 
I'm not the expert, but if you're asking me questions, and I have to take a guess, maybe 2 to 3 
years. Not very far. Because every country has signed a treaty to achieve certain carbon 
greenhouse gas reduction. So if they are not going to achieve, they are going to buy that credits. 
So this is very much on. 
Moderator: 
We'll take questions offline. Thanks so much guys. We have a small video clip to share with 
you. 
Moderator: 
I would like to invite Mr. Mittal and to share your experience and your journey with us all? 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you Savli. Again, I think, welcome to all. Ladies and gentlemen, I think good evening, 
and we celebrate this truly remarkable milestone, which you have just seen a short video, 
Wabag's 100-year anniversary. This centenary is just not a testament to our longevity, but a 
celebration of our incredible journey from a modest start-up, which I explained to you with just 
6 of us, to a globally admired cooperation. That's the journey we have completed. 
I want to take this moment, when you all are present, to extend my deepest gratitude to our 
esteemed investors and analysts. Your unwavering support and belief in our vision have been a 
pivotal in our success journey. You saw the potential in us from the very beginning and you have 
stood by us through the challenges and triumph. Your investment and insight have been more 
than just financial backing. They have been driving force behind our innovation and growth. 
You have provided us with not only resources, but also the confidence needed, which is to push 
the boundaries and raise the bar, exploring newer horizons and continuously evolve. Over the 
past century, we have transformed and expanded, embracing the change and setting new 
standards in water sector. This transformation has been possible only and only because of your 
steadfast partnership and trust in our capabilities. Together, we have built a legacy of excellence 
and innovation. 
One of the most rewarding aspect of our work is the opportunity to serve the communities, 
whether it is in the urban center, industrial hubs or corporate campuses, access to clean water is 
just not a convenience, it is a necessity for maintaining health, productivity and overall quality 
of life. By providing innovative water treatment solutions, tailored to the need of these 
communities, we are not only ensuring access to safe and reliable water, but also supporting 
economic growth, environment, sustainability and well-being. 
Looking ahead to the next 100 years, I'm filled with optimism and excitement for the possibilities 
that lie ahead of us. As the world continues to face complex challenges from the climate change 
to resource scarcity to the population growth, the importance of our work has never been greater. 
We have a responsibility not only to contribute, providing innovative water solutions, but also 
to lead the way of advancing sustainability, reliance and inclusivity in everything we do. 
On behalf of my Board of Directors, management team and we all WABAGites, I would like to 
extend my deepest gratitude to all of you for your unwavering support and your commitment to 
a shared vision. Together, we have achieved a remarkable success over the past century, and I 
have no doubt that, together, we will continue to make this positive difference in the world of 
generations to come. Thanks for being part of this integral part of our successful journey. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
I'd like to invite Mr. Varadarajan as well to share his experience. Thank you. 
S. Varadarajan: 
I think, I'm not that fortunate enough to be part of the entire 100 years, but I think 27 years of 
experience with this company from whatever small, what Mr. Mittal was talking about, and to 
now grow into such an organization where we are very proud that we are an Indian multinational 
company. And we are able to provide sustainable solutions to so many countries. 

 
VA Tech Wabag Limited 
 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
And we have evolved ourselves, holding our whatever philosophy that we started with, that we 
should be very technology-focused, and we should have certain principles like asset lights et 
cetera, what we were talking about, so that the growth is not embedded. The growth is naturally 
being possible and of course the journey has been very enriching and learning for me. And 
particularly, I've been as a CFO at the start of the company after 2015, I've been there as Group 
CFO. So I met most of you, I've learned many things from you. And again, it gives me an 
opportunity of learning in these kind of forums again. 
We feel very proud that we are able to contribute to the economy around. And it gives us more 
confidence going forward with the kind of technology that we have that we can excel. We can 
bring all those higher order of technologies into countries where it is required, and we will be 
able to add more efficiency to whatever the fundamental for human living that we are dealing 
with. 
So I take this opportunity to thank you so much for being with us, for trusting us and evincing 
confidence in us. And this really gives us lot of strength, and we hope that we will fulfil your 
expectations going forward. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Varadarajan. 100 years of an incredible journey. Some things truly are 
larger than life. 
I'd like to thank everyone for being here and taking your time out to celebrate this 100 year with 
us. On behalf of the Wabag management, I would like to thank everyone physically and virtually 
present for this inclusive investor meet. We'd like to welcome you all to join us for cocktails and 
dinner. Thank you. 
Rajiv Mittal: 
Thank you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy 
 
The Presentation "Annual Investor Meet 2024" made during the meeting is as follows:

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
1
ANNUAL INVESTOR MEET
FY 2024
24th May 2024

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
2
Safe Harbour
This presentation and the accompanying slides (the “Presentation”), which have been prepared by VA TECH
WABAG LIMITED (the “Company”), have been prepared solely for information purposes and do not
constitute any offer, recommendation or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities, and shall not
form the basis or be relied on in connection with any contract or binding commitment whatsoever. No
offering of securities of the Company will be made except by means of a statutory offering document
containing detailed information about the Company.
This Presentation has been prepared by the Company based on information and data which the Company
considers reliable, but the Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, whatsoever,
and no reliance shall be placed on, the truth, accuracy, completeness, fairness and reasonableness of the
contents of this Presentation. This Presentation may not be all inclusive and may not contain all of the
information that you may consider material. Any liability in respect of the contents of, or any omission
from, this Presentation is expressly excluded.
This presentation contains certain forward looking statements concerning the Company’s future business
prospects and business profitability, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and the
actual results could materially differ from those in such forward looking statements. The risks and
uncertainties relating to these statements include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties regarding
fluctuations in earnings, our ability to manage growth, competition (both domestic and international),
economic growth in India and abroad, ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals, time and
cost over runs on contracts, our ability to manage our international operations, government policies and
actions, regulations, interest and other fiscal costs generally prevailing in the economy. The company does
not undertake to make any announcement in case any of these forward looking statements become
materially incorrect in future or update any forward looking statements made from time to time by or on
behalf of the company.
02

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
3
Business & 
Growth Strategy

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
4
04
100 Years “Young & Strong”

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
5
Complete Water Treatment Solution Provider
TECHNOLOGY FOCUS
125+ IP Rights developed in-house for 
water treatment technology solutions
Global R&D centres – in Europe and India
Pioneering, Reliable, Advanced, 
Sustainable, Green and Proven 
Technologies – promoting Circular Economy
GLOCAL DELIVERY
100 years of presence in over 25 countries;
strong execution track record of over 1,450 
Plants since 1995
World class technologies at competitive 
price; Focused on projects funded by Central 
Govt., Multi Laterals & G2G Funding
Ranked 3rd Globally by GWI for ensuring 
water & sanitation for over 88 Mn people
Ranked among Top 5 Global Desalination 
players by GWI
EP SPECIALIST 
Core expertise focused on Engineering and 
Procurement; Civil activities outsourced
Focus on ‘Advanced technology, Value-
Added & High Margin’ projects
Enables to remain asset light 
Manufactured Water through marquee 
references in Recycle & Reuse, Desalination 
and Renewable energy thru Biogas
EXPERIENCED LEADERSHIP
Professional management with avg. 30 yrs. 
experience in the water sector
Independent Board of Directors comprising 
industry stalwarts with diverse experience
Promoter recognised among TOP 20 
Transformative Leaders in Water sector,  
TOP 3 Global Water Leaders and Global 
Asian of the year 2021-22
05

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
6
. . . through various business/ delivery models
Engineering, Procurement & Construction (EPC)
Operation & Maintenance (O&M)
Design Build Operate (DBO)
Build Own Operate Transfer (BOOT)
Hybrid Annuity Model (HAM)
WABAG brand is trusted and respected globally for its know-how and domain expertise built in 10 decades
Wabag is a leader in the Water Space
. . .  With complete portfolio of Water Solutions 
with technological and operational expertise . . 
Design
Procurement
Construction
Installation
Commissioning
O&M
Life Cycle 
Partnership
For
Municipalities
Industries
Recycle and 
Reuse
Industrial water & 
waste water treatment
Drinking Water 
Treatment
Sludge 
treatment
Desalination of sea
& Brackish water
Municipal waste
water treatment
06

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
7
100 Years Journey..…
Name changed 
to VA Tech 
WABAG (India) 
in 2000 
Austrian Group 
VA Tech 
acquired 
“WABAG” part 
of Business 
from DB in 
1999
1999 - 2000
Siemens 
acquired VA 
Tech Group
2005
(Jul) 
VA Tech 
WABAG
(India)
2005
(Sept) 
Management 
Buyout of the 
India 
Business 
backed by 
ICICI Venture
VA Tech 
WABAG 
(Austria)
2007
VA Tech Wabag (India) 
acquires its erstwhile parent –
VA Tech WABAG (Austria) from 
Siemens
VA Tech 
WABAG
(India)
Emergence of 
Global Water 
Player with 
focus on the 
emerging 
markets
Held by Deutsche 
Babcock (DB) 
Group
Water Treatment   
business 
represented by 
“WABAG”
1924 - 1996
VA Tech 
WABAG 
(Austria)
VA Tech 
WABAG
(India)
2010
(Oct)
VA Tech Wabag 
(India) listed on 
NSE & BSE
2020
(Sep)
1.2 Bn INR 
Growth Capital 
raised through 
Preferential 
allotment to 
Marquee 
Investor Group
2022
Completed 25 
years of business 
operations in India
2023
400 MLD Chennai 
Desal Order –
Largest Desal in 
South East Asia
2024
CENTENARY 
YEAR
07

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
8
Aligning with Sustainable Development Goals (SDG)
Reshaping the Sector for a Greener Tomorrow
Our Path To Net
Zero
Waste To  
Energy
Resource  
Recovery
Circular Economy
Reducing GHG 
emissions through our 
sustainable solutions
Effective usage of
Recycled Water
Generating green 
energy for 25 years
Generating valuable 
resources from waste
Contributing to
Circular Economy
Water Neutral
WABAG’s Contribution to Water & Environment over last 2.5 decades
Clean Water  
per day
27.5
million m3
2.7
million m3
Desalinated Water
per day
1.3
million m3
Green Energy 
per day
> 41
MW
Wastewater 
treated per day
27
million m3
Power Cost
per day
Saving
> INR 6.6 Mn
GHG Emission 
per day
Reducing
> 630 Tonnes
Recycled Water 
per day
08

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
9
ESG focus - Sustainable & Responsible Business Practices
09
Providing Safe Potable Water
through our WTPs & Desalination
facilities
Ensuring
Healthy
Ecosystem
though our Wastewater Treatment
& Water Recycle Facilities
Reducing Carbon Footprint by
generating
/
consuming
Green
Energy
Environment
Employing
& Training 1500+
Water Professionals across the
globe
Implemented 24 CSR Projects
with sectoral focus on Water,
Sanitation and Skill Development
Created over 17,000 Green Jobs
and touching over 88 Mn lives
globally
Social
Water
&
Environment
Integrated
in
Strategic
Business Plan
Alignment
to
UN
SDG
6
(Clean Water & Sanitation for all)
Board
Level
Oversight
on
Sustainability
Related
Issues
through Executive Committee
Governance

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
10
Leadership Team
10
Rajiv Mittal (Promoter)
Chairman & Managing  Director
S. Varadarajan (Promoter)  
Director & Chief Growth Officer
Executive Directors
Milin Mehta  
Independent Director
Vijaya Sampath
Independent
Ranjit Singh
Independent Director
Amit Goela
Non Independent
Director
Non-Executive Directors
Executive Leadership
Skandaprasad Seetharaman
Chief Financial Officer
Shailesh Kumar
CEO, India Cluster
Mahmut Gedek
CEO, Europe Cluster

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
11
Our Key clients…
Funding Agencies

Municipal Water & Waste Water

Oil & Gas

Power plants

Steel

Food & Beverages

Fertilizer

Industrial parks
Serving clients in….
Industrial
Municipal
11

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
12
Business Strategy
12
Profitable Growth | Success | Market Leadership | Free Cash-flow | Quantum Leap | Improved Valuation
Agile 
Go To Market 
Teams 
developing Advanced 
Technology Jobs
Focus on 
EP, Industrial 
& 
International  
jobs to improve 
diversification, cash-
flows & time control
Improved 
O&M 
Business 
Focus 
for better cash-flow, 
margins and 
predictability
Remain Asset 
Light through 
Partnerships 
with Financial 
(Capital Projects), 
Construction & 
Technology Partners 
to remain Asset Light
Global 
Delivery 
Centres 
for a competence 
based structure, Hub 
& Spoke Model to 
achieve Execution 
Excellence

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
13
New Initiatives
Biogas to CBG
H2O to Green H2
Semi-Conductor
Digitalization
Strategic tie up with ‘Peak Sustainability Ventures’ 
to establish 100 CBG plants 
Business potential of ~200 Mn USD; in discussion 
with Municipal and Industrial customers
Proven track record in supplying ultra pure water 
to Semi-Conductor industry
Committed to bring in state-of-the-art globally 
proven technologies for best efficiencies and to 
remain a dominant player
Global leader in clean water production, the key 
raw material to produce the Green Fuel of the 
future
In discussion with Hydrogen Developers and 
working on enquiries for Green H2 desalination 
plants
Partnered with ‘Pani Energy’ to implement applied 
AI for water treatment plants 
Committed to adopt leading technology and 
innovations for operational excellence
Pilot implemented at Koyambedu TTRO Plant, 
Chennai
ACTIONS TAKEN
FUTURE OPPORTUNITIES
13

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
14
New Initiative - BLUE SEED
14
WABAG’s Initiative to
Foster Innovation &
Support
Emerging
Start-ups
in
the
Water Sector
To invest in, nurture, and empower Waterpreneurs, driving 
impactful solutions for a sustainable & dynamic water future
MISSION STATEMENT --
OFFERINGS ---------------
Direct Access to Live 
Projects & Global 
Markets
Capital Support 
through Pre-Seed / 
Seed Funding
Industry Experience, 
Technical Knowhow & 
Thought Leadership

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
15
Strategy in Action
15
Overview of Global Water Market
Massive outlay under Govt. 
schemes shall continue to drive 
opportunities in India
Recycle & Reuse (R&R) is 
projected to be the key growth 
driver in India and globally
Increased regulatory compliances 
with regard to discharge norms in 
Industrial Segment 
Large scale Desalination projects 
announced in Saudi Arabia & 
Egypt over next 3 years
Growing Semiconductor and 
Green hydrogen market shall drive 
the demand for Industrial projects
CIS countries emerges as focus 
market for Oil & Gas projects

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
16
Strategy in Action
16
Market Drivers in Asia Pacific 
Massive outlay under Govt. Schemes like AMRUT 2.0, Jal Jeevan
Mission, Namami Gange and Swach Bharat Mission 2.0  shall boost 
opportunities in the sector.
5 state SRTW(Safe Reuse of Treated Wastewater) policy shall promote 
opportunities for Recycle & Reuse.
The Ministry of Jal Shakti has been allocated INR 97,278 Crores (USD 
11.86 Billion) in 2023-24.
Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia and Thailand has announced some large scale 
projects in Wastewater Treatment and Desalination in EPC and BOOT models, which we 
are looking to capitalize given our strong references in the Asia Pacific .
(prsindia.org/Budget)

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
17
Strategy in Action
17
Market Drivers in Middle East and Africa
Govt. of Saudi Arabia allocated USD 28 billion to support new waste water projects. 
In view of vision 2030 Wastewater reuse is seeing significant interest in Saudi Arabia, target for 35% of the 
country’s treated wastewater to be reused by 2030.
Israel planning to increase its Desalination capacity by 650%, which will drive for a healthy pipeline  in the 
near future.  
(GWI)
Egypt’s strategy for setting up large scale desalination plants in conjunction with Renewable energy. 
Planned 21 Projects for 3300 MLD  with USD 3 Billion Investment.
(Smart water Magazine)
Urban, Rural & Climate resilience programs in Africa to drive opportunities & funding for the sector.
World Bank has approved USD 1395 Million for water projects in Africa.                                              
(World Bank)

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
18
18
Performance 
Highlights

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
19
Wabag continues “Profitable Growth” journey….
Q4 FY 24:
Consolidated Revenue at Rs. 9,342 Mn
Consolidated EBITDA at Rs. 1,155 Mn (12.4%)
Consolidated PAT at Rs. 724 Mn; YoY growth of ~5%*
FY 24:
Consolidated Revenue at Rs. 28,564 Mn
Consolidated EBITDA up at Rs. 3,768 Mn (13.2%)
Consolidated PAT at Rs. 2,456 Mn; YoY growth of ~9%*
Order book remains strong at ~Rs. 114 Bn including 
Framework contracts; Provides Robust Revenue Visibility
* Compared to previous year numbers, excluding 2 divested European Subsidiaries, for 
like-to-like reporting
Business Highlights – FY 24
STP Arupara, West Bengal, India
19

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
20
Key Performance Metrics – FY 24
20
EBITDA >13%
Driven by EP, International, Industrial & 
Technology Projects
PAT ~9%
Driven by debt control & improved 
operating margins
Net Cash Rs. 2,356 Mn
FCF 1,683 Mn 
Driven by efficient Debt and Cash 
Management
ROCE ~19%
Driven by Asset Light Business Model
Strong Business parameters in line with Long Term Strategy

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
21
Group continues “NET CASH” Positive path…
21
Fourth consecutive year of 
Group “NET CASH” Turnaround
In Rs. Millions
(519)
(2,916)
(4,327)
(1,821)
437 
96 
1,007 
2,356 
Mar'17
Mar'18
Mar'19
Mar'20
Mar'21
Mar'22
Mar'23
Mar'24

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
22
Strategy in Action
22
Business Transformation post “Wriddhi”
7.9% to ~15% 
FY 2021
EP
(% of Revenue)
O&M 
(% of Revenue)
International 
(% of Revenue)
Industrial 
(% of Revenue)
ROCE
ROE
EBITDA
PAT
>1/3 of EPC
~15%
(4 years average)
~30% 
(4 years average)
12.3% to ~19% 
7.7% to >13% 
3.9% to ~9% 
FY 2021
FY 2024
FY 2024
FY 2024
Free Cash Flow
Net Cash
FY 2021
FY 2021
FY 2024
~40% 
(4 years average)
INR 2,356 Mn 
FY 2024
4th Year consecutively 
in a row
INR 1,683 Mn 
FY 2024

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
23
Strategy in Action
23
Medium Term Outlook
Order Book
3X of 
Revenue
Revenues
15 - 20 % 
CAGR
EBITDA
13 - 15 %
ROCE
>20%
Asset Light
O&M at 
20% of 
Total 
Revenues
Net Cash 
Positive
ROE
>15%

Protecting Environment. Powering Economy.
24
THANK YOU
