ICRA 
May 31, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001, India 
Scrip Code: 532835 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
ICRA Limited 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: ICRA 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board oflndia (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 20 l 5, please find enclosed transcript of ·'Q4 & FY24 
Results" earnings call held on May 28, 2024. 
We have upkaded the transcript 011 our website and the same can be accessed through the below 
URL: 
https :/ /www.icra.in/In vestorRelation/Index 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Regards, 
Sincerely, 
(S. Shakeb Rahman) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Building No. 8, 2"° Floor, Tower A 
Tel. : +91.124.4545300 
Website : www.icra.in 
DLF Cyber City, Phase II 
GIN: L74999DL 1991 PLC042749 
Email 
: info@icraindia.com 
Gurugram - 122002, Haryana 
Helpdesk: +91.9354738909 
Registered Office : B - 710, Statesman House, 148, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi - 110001. Tel. : +91.11.23357940-41 
RATING 
•
RESEARCH
•
INFORMATION
132054 
SYED SHAKEB 
RAHMAN
Digitally signed by SYED 
SHAKEB RAHMAN 
Date: 2024.05.31 20:08:53 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“ICRA Limited 
Q4 FY‘24 Post Results Conference Call” 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMNATH KRISHNAN -- MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATESH VISWANATHAN -- GROUP CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – ICRA LIMITED 
 
MR. L. SHIVAKUMAR -- EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT - 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT & CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
– ICRA LIMITED AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
ICRA ESG RATINGS ENTITY  
 
MR. K. RAVICHANDRAN -- EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT & CHIEF RATING OFFICER – ICRA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. JAYANTA CHATTERJEE -- MANAGING DIRECTOR 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- ICRA ANALYTICS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ICRA Limited FY 2024 Post Results 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Joining us today from the management side, we have with us Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing 
Director and Group CEO, ICRA Limited, Mr. Venkatesh Vishwanathan, Group Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. L. Shivakumar, EVP Business Development and Chief Business Officer, ICRA 
Limited and CEO, ICRA ESG Ratings Entity, Mr. K. Ravichandran, Executive Vice President 
and Chief Rating Officer, Mr. Jayanta Chatterjee, MD and CEO, ICRA Analytics Limited, to 
discuss the performance of the company during the call followed by a Q&A session. 
Before we begin today's conference call, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Please refer to the slide number 23 of the investor presentation for a detailed 
disclaimer. 
 
ICRA or any of its subsidiaries or the Directors, Officers, or employees of ICRA or its 
subsidiaries shall have no liability whatsoever for any loss, howsoever arising from any forward-
looking statements or use of the investor presentation or its contents or otherwise arising in 
connection with this conference call. 
Now, I would like to hand the conference call over to Mr. Ramnath Krishnan, Managing Director 
and Group CEO, ICRA Limited to commence the proceedings. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Thank you, operator and good afternoon, everyone. Very warm welcome to today's analyst 
investor call. I would commence by providing you broad highlights of our financial performance 
for the financial year 2024. I am delighted to say, ICRA as a group has delivered strong results 
in the financial year ending March 2024. 
The overall top-line growth was 10.6% at a consolidated level. Ratings business delivered a 
growth of 12% year on year and the analytics business, which is our non-ratings business, 
delivered a growth of 8.6% year on year. Despite significant investment in our people, 
technology and related infrastructure, we were able to deliver a strong growth in our profit after 
tax by 11.3%. I am pleased to advise that the board has recommended, subject to shareholder's 
approval a dividend of INR100 per share, which includes a special dividend of INR60 a share. 
In recent years, we have undergone a transformative journey, bolstering our credibility and 
fortifying our processes, enhancing our people's strengths and insights. Through investments in 
cutting-edge technology, we have become more agile, while our talent development initiatives 
have ensured a diverse and empowered workforce. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
With analytics delivering on our imperatives and driving our growth, we are shaping a future-
ready business in a data-driven world, catering to both domestic and global clients with 
customized solutions. 
Moving ahead, we are excited to announce that Pragati Development Consulting Services 
Limited to the subsidiary of ICRA Limited has received SEBI's approval for registration as 
Category 1 ESG Rating Provider. We recognize environmental, social and governance areas as 
core growth areas for us and are committed to integrating ESG principles into our operations 
and services. 
This development positions ICRA Group among the few entities offering holistic risk 
management solutions, including ESG ratings and scores. We are also excited about the 
prospects of our acquisition of D2K Technologies, a company that we acquired 60% of in 
November 2023, which aims to transform ICRA Analytics into a diversified product company.  
As we reflect on the past year, we remain committed to our mission of providing superior ratings 
and comprehensive financial services to our clients, both within the country and outside. We 
will continue to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities, focusing on both expansion 
and sustainability, whilst nurturing talent and leveraging technology to drive our success. 
On the near-term outlook, GDP growth outcomes remained healthy in the last financial year, 
benefiting from robust government capital spending, buoyant, albeit uneven, urban demand and 
services exports. At the same time, an unfavourable monsoon in 2023 dampened the output of 
most major crops and infused caution into rural demand. 
Notwithstanding healthy capacity utilization, private investment remained modest compared to 
the exuberant seen in the previous cycles. Based on these factors, GDP growth was estimated at 
7.8% in the last financial year. ICRA is, however, watchful about the momentum of economic 
activity in the first half of this financial year, that is FY2025, stemming from potential slowdown 
in government capex during the general elections and the monsoon period, weakness in 
merchandise export growth and dissipation of the benefit of deflation in global commodity 
prices. 
We expect GDP growth to print below 6.5% in the first half of this financial year, before 
improving to 7.2% in the second half, aided by back-ended government capex, likely pick-up in 
private capex, improved rural demand if the monsoon turns out to be favorable and some pick-
up in export growth. Overall, ICRA expects the GDP growth to land at 6.5% in this financial 
year. 
I will now hand you over to Mr. Venkatesh Viswanathan, our group CFO to take you through 
the FY24 performance in greater detail. Over to you, Venkat. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Ram. Hi, everyone. I will be covering the financial section of the presentation, which is 
slide number 8 and 9. Starting with Q4 FY2024, consolidated revenue from operations increased 
13.7% to INR124 crores for the quarter, driven by strong growth of 13% plus from both ratings 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
and analytics. Profit after tax for the quarter increased by 22% to INR47.1 crores. Full year 2024, 
consolidated revenue from operations increased 10.6% to INR446.1 crores for the full year 
ended March 31, 2024. 
Ratings delivered strong growth of 12%, whereas analytics grew by 8.6%. ICRA ratings 
delivered strong revenue growth as bond issuances, bank credit and securitisation continued their 
healthy growth trajectory. ICRA analytics growth was driven by a focus on growing our core 
banking and risk business and the recent acquisition of D2K technologies. 
Overall expenses for the year include impact of consolidation of D2K for five months, arbitral 
award and D2K acquisition costs. Profit after tax increased by 11.3% to INR152.2 crores for the 
year. As informed by Ram earlier, we have declared a dividend of INR100 per share and we will 
continue to reward shareholders on a consistent basis. That's all from the finance section. I now 
hand it to L. Shivkumar to take over the balance part of the proceedings. 
L. Shivakumar: 
Thank you, Venkat. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide an overview of ICRA's ratings 
business. I will do this in two parts. Firstly, I will talk about the business environment that we 
saw in FY '24 and then the outlook for the same for the current year that is FY '25. 
 
So firstly, the business environment in FY '24. Both the bank credit outstanding as well as bond 
issuances grew significantly at 16.3% and 17.2% respectively in FY '24 year-on-year as the 
overall cost of borrowing in the global market remained elevated and large corporates preferred 
to borrow domestically. 
On an incremental flow basis, the bank credit reached an all-time high level and so did the 
domestic corporate bond issuances. A buoyant economy supported by government's 
infrastructure spending and urban consumption supported the demand for credit. Given the 
government's thrust areas, expectedly the infrastructure and the iron and steel sectors led the 
incremental bank credit growth in the industry segment. 
Likewise, bank credit outstanding to medium and small industrial sector grew at a faster clip 
than the large industrial sector. Credits to NBFCs and personal loan segmentsstill leads the 
rest in terms of incremental bank credit, though it moderated over the previous year as RBI 
increased the risk weight on bank lending to these segments in the later part of FY '24 as well as 
due to the merger of a large housing finance company with the bank in FY '24. Tighter liquidity 
conditions in the middle of the year to tame inflation also did its bit to moderate the bank credit 
growth. 
Bond issuances grew significantly in the first and the fourth quarter of FY '24 as the yields 
moderated. Overall, the growth happened across all segments, that is banks, corporates and 
NBFCs. Banks issued bonds to fund their own credit growth while corporates and NBFCs took 
benefit of moderate yields. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Commercial paper outstanding grew 9.9% on year as security broking firms issued commercial 
paper to fund their working requirements and margin trading facility. Securitization volumes in 
the market are estimated to have grown at about 25% which is after excluding the impact of a 
large HFC that exited. 
Existing large originators securitized higher volumes and new originators also came in as 
NBFCs and HFCs grew their book significantly driven by an uptake in consumption. ICRA's 
revenue growth in FY '24 reflects the trends in bank credit growth and market debt that I just 
mentioned. 
 
Now let me move to the outlook for FY '25. We do not give future guidance. I will however talk 
about the key drivers for our business. Bank credit growth may face some headwinds with higher 
risk weights for certain high growth consumption segments as well as their elevated credit to 
deposit ratio for which the regulator has expressed some concern. Bond issuances are likely to 
benefit from competitive funding cost domestically which may additionally be supported by a 
possible rate cut by RBI sometimes later in FY '25. Geopolitical challenges are quite likely to 
keep global borrowing options dearer. 
 
Growth in securitization would depend on the extent to which NBFCs and HFCs are able to 
grow their book. Given the higher risk weights for on balance sheet lending to NBFCs, 
securitization could become a preferred funding source for NBFCs. Government's continued 
trust on infrastructure, private sector capex and select sectors, pick up in exports and the interest 
rate trajectory would be critical for a sustained growth in credit market. 
 
That is all from my side. I would now hand you over to K. Ravichandran, our Chief Rating 
Officer. Thank you. 
K. Ravichandran: 
Thanks Shiv. Good afternoon to everyone. Over the next few minutes, I will be covering the 
performance update on rating operations. We finish the year FY '24 with further improvement 
in the rating accuracy metric, namely average default position or ADP. The ADP print was 94% 
for the just concluded fiscal. We saw 93.3% in the previous year and against a long period 
average of 76%. The higher the ADP, the more accurate are our ratings collectively. Other rating 
accuracy metrics, namely cumulative default rate and rating stability are also seen to be 
improving consistently over the past few years and FY '24 was no exception. The number of 
instances of defaults dipped to 5 in FY '24 compared to '22 in FY '23 and 42 in FY '22. 
 
The severity of rating actions as measured by the large rating change rate also reduced to 0.7% 
in FY '24 from 1.4% in FY '23 and 2.3% in FY '22. You can refer to our website and the rating 
performance for granular details. It is our endeavour to maintain such rating accuracy level in 
the coming years. 
 
Moving to other performance trends, the rating action trends in FY '24 mark the normalization 
of the rating change rate with a proportion of rating reaffirmations at 80% converging with the 
past 10-year average. The reaffirmation rate had been between 75% to 78% in the preceding two 
fiscals. In FY '24, ICRA upgraded two entities for every entity downgraded in continuation of 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
the upgrade momentum that had been set in motion in FY '22 on the heels of the first year of the 
pandemic. 
Also, a large majority of rating upgrades were driven by company-specific factors such as 
expansion in market share or order book, improvement in the cost structure, reduction in project 
risk or equity infusion that strengthened the balance sheet. Aviation, hospitality, auto and auto 
components and banks were the only few sectors in FY '24 where the upgrades were mostly 
induced by industry tailwinds. 
ICRA rated several novel transactions with the notable ones being the first rating assignment by 
the CRA for a leveraged AIF securitization transaction of a NBFC where the pool was part of 
overseas bond transaction with receivables from the pool being the security and the first in width 
in education infrastructure space in the country based on securitization of rental receipts. 
ICRA continues to be the preferred CRA amongst leading issuers in the securitization space. 
The company also maintained its leading position in the BFSA space where it added marquee 
clients including few new generation brokerage houses and NBFCs. On the corporate sector 
front, renewable energy, roads and EV sectors saw addition of marquee clients. 
ICRA continued to expand its research and initiate strategic market outreach and events in H2. 
The company initiated 13 webinars on various focus sectors and participated in 40 market events 
with top leaders during the off year. Some of the notable webinars were on medium and small 
NBFCs, renewable energy, specialty chemicals, automobiles and hospitality sectors which saw 
overwhelming participation from the investors, lenders and industry participants. 
With these remarks, let me hand over the floor to Jayanta Chatterjee, MD of ICRA Analytics 
Limited. Thank you. 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everybody. I shall take the opportunity to share an overview of 
the business of ICRA Analytics Limited, IAL for short, which we refer to as the non-rating 
business of the group. For each of the three businesses of IAL, I will cover the current 
environment in H2 FY '24 and briefly touch upon the outlook. Knowledge services is our largest 
vertical and in H2 FY '24, it continued to drive growth for IAL. 
Although inflationary pressures continued, we were able to further expand our value-added 
services for our anchor client. We expect that focus will remain on business transformation, data 
analytics and technology services. Our client's businesses would be driven by increased demand 
for fintech skills in the issuer side of the structured finance business, business transformation 
projects work and sign-off work in rating support. 
Moving over to our second business vertical, which is market data, we saw strong regulatory 
push for stress testing, risk management, data transparency and reporting, which continued to 
drive volumes for H2 FY '24. Here we expanded our coverage during the period to provide 
newer services like stress testing and enter into tie-ups with global data providers like FactSet, 
Bloomberg, Moody's Analytics and with ICE to service other larger markets including global 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
markets. The outlook remains robust driven by trends towards cloud-based information tools 
and related data products and more of value-added services rather than pure data. 
This is expected to drive consolidation of our services and products going forward. Coming to 
our third business, which is risk management, this was driven by increasing spends from banks 
on the risk management solutions that we saw during the year and there was a robust growth in 
this segment during H2 FY '24 and particularly Q4 FY '24. The NBFC segment also witnessed 
good demand in H2 and Q4. 
Acquisition of D2K, which has sophisticated tools for credit monitoring and early warning 
signals has further strengthened our position in the risk management segment. The increased 
regulatory focus on automation of credit life cycles and calibration of risk management practices 
of NBFC upper layer with banks and the strengthening of the scale-based regulations continue 
to drive volumes for FY '24 with Q4 FY'24 to be particularly high yielding. We believe climate-
related risks would significantly impact the regulated entities with potential long-term 
implications on financial stability. 
The regulator undertook targeted macro-prudential risk management measures to limit offtake 
of unsecured consumer loans and bank lending to NBFCs with significant unsecured portfolios. 
The outlook for this vertical continues to remain robust with strengthened focus on revenue from 
consulting services, such as review and development of ICAP, model validation, capital 
computation, sensitivity and scenario analysis, as well as risk testing. We see increased 
opportunities for cloud-based scorecard models and pay-per-use models from smaller NBFCs 
and for overall IAL products and offerings. 
As regards outlook, structured internal rating solutions with workflow management and ECL 
solutions are in demand, and we expect that this segment will continue to do well in future. This 
is an update from IAL side. Thank you all very much and I now hand over the call to the operator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the land of Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Hi, good evening. Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question is on the sharp EBITDA 
margin movement on Q-o-Q basis. I am aware that in the previous quarter, we had this one-time 
provision of INR8 crores pertaining to arbitration invoked by an ex-employee, but even adjusted 
for it, the margin delivery in this quarter has been pretty strong with the absolute opex actually 
falling by INR10 crores on Q-o-Q basis. So, can you elaborate on this margin performance on a 
core basis and what can be the sustainability of the currently reported margins going forward? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Rajiv, in the previous quarter, we had a one-off that you mentioned. In the current quarter, we 
had an impact on account of the finance charges. We had acquired D2K in the previous quarter 
and there is a certain amount of deferred payouts that we have to make to the promoters over the 
next two years. We have accounted for a certain percentage of payout as a finance cost as 
required under Ind AS.  

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
So that's one-off which has caught up in this quarter.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
One was a negative one-off in the previous quarter, which is not there in this quarter, but you're 
talking about that deferred payment to the promoter which has to be made to D2K promoters 
that is now counted in finance cost. I mean, is there any inter-P&L adjustment of costs or 
classification? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
No. And the second part, I think instead of looking at a Q-o-Q basis, we should look on financials 
on a full year basis because you will still have impact of certain expenses or a revenue which 
can slipover from one quarter to another quarter.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. That is okay. That is fine. But what you have reported in this quarter for Q4, it is without 
any one-off positive or negative, right?  
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
So there's not much one-off in this quarter except the finance charges where you're seeing a 
bump-up there. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. So in my calculation of margin, that is basically below the EBITDA.  
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Okay.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
And on knowledge services, we have seen further weakening of growth in this fourth quarter. 
So can you comment on trends in Moody's overall outsourcing volume, whether that has come 
up so significantly or whether our wallet share within that has been kind of lost? And is there 
weakness in any service line or work because we provide multiple kinds of services and 
knowledge within knowledge services? So just wanted some clarity on this slowdown. And then, 
a follow-up is whether -- when do we see growth kind of coming back? Yes, that is the question. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
JC, you want to pick up that. 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Yes. So on knowledge services, as you know, we have been servicing our global client through 
this vertical. And there has been headwinds that we have seen in certain parts of the services that 
we offer to them. These are largely driven by the drive for automation that we are seeing 
globally. And that impacts all our clients. And obviously, they would like to automate the 
solution. To that extent, we do see some pressure which comes in.  
The way we are handling it is essentially, we are looking at expanding our business and 
knowledge services to other clients globally as well as domestically. And we are also looking at 
growing our banking and risk management vertical business so that that provides a counter to 
the kind of pressure that we see in the knowledge services vertical. Venkat, anything else you 
would like to add to that, maybe you can add?  
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
No, you're fine. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes. And just one last question before I come back in the queue. When I look at knowledge 
services segmental margin, they seem to be resilient even amidst lower revenue growth in 
knowledge services. So what does it reflect? Does it reflect a higher amount of operating cost 
flexibility that despite a stable revenue or despite even say slight decline in revenue, we are able 
to kind of work with the same EBITDA level in absolute terms.  
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
You're talking about a quarter or full year? 
Rajiv Mehta: 
So, Venkat, when I look at last three, four quarters of revenue line of knowledge services and 
even the PBT, segmental PBT line, it's been static while the growth per se has been coming off. 
So, we are not seeing any negative operating leverage playing out despite growth coming to 
almost zero. So, I was just trying to understand what is the operating cost modularity and 
flexibility here when the revenue growth is slowing down? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
The segment, in the previous year, has been under some stress in terms of growth. We have a 
fair amount of leverage and in case there is, let's say, a role loss we can scale down. We own the 
real estate due to which there is a cost leverage. But on a sustainable basis, if you ask me like 
five years, if we don't grow, obviously there will be impact.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Got that, clear. Thank you. And I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Balaji from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Balaji: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great set of numbers. So, I have three questions, 
if I may. The first one is on, again, the knowledge services segment. So, one can see that your 
largest client, Moody's, they have been doing reasonably well as far as their two business signals 
are concerned. And I can also see that your own top line is a small fraction of their top line. So, 
what exactly is resulting in this slowdown in revenue growth? That is number one.  
The second question will be on the current or the recent increase in risk rates for banks regarding 
their NBFC exposure. So will that mean that you will stand to benefit from that because typically 
the market link issuances have higher yield and margins. So that would be my second question. 
And my final question is more of housekeeping in nature. So, could you quantify the revenue 
and EBIT contribution of D2K for the fourth quarter? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
 Balaji, I will pick up the first one and the third one. On the first one I think your point is valid 
that Moody's has got a fair amount of growth. Now essentially the way this market function is 
most of the budgeting process typically gets covered in December so there is a lag. If you look 
at the previous year, they did have some challenges which impacted us as well. Revenue from 
KS has got two broad components, one is full-time equivalent or an FTE billing which gives you 
a fixed revenue but the bulk or majority of the incremental growth for the segment comes from 
projects  where here  we did see some challenges  
Balaji: 
Got it.  

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
And the third question I will just complete that. On the D2K side we have not specifically called 
out this revenue now. At this point in time, I am not sharing this information, but if you go to 
the segmental in the results that we have published and see the risk part of the segment, bulk of 
the movement would have come from D2K. 
L. Shivakumar: 
Balaji, I will take the second question. This is on the increased risk weights on bank lending to 
NBFCs and HFCs. Yes, you are right that with the increase in risk weights we do expect some 
moderation in bank credit to this segment. Hence, these entities are likely to shift to bond markets 
for their funding needs. So, what is likely to happen is the larger entities and the ones with better 
ratings would find it easier to tap the bond markets whereas the smaller entities would need to 
look at securitization more than what they have done in the past. 
So, we are already seeing those trends, but ultimately it also depends on the overall sentiments 
how the consumption trajectory pans out and to what extent the NBFCs and HFCs can grow. 
But yes, you are right that I do expect somewhat better traction on the bonds side as well as on 
securitization. 
Balaji: 
Okay, if I can have a quick follow up on that. So, while this might show up in the volumes, will 
that show up in revenue because so basically to put it another way are most of these NBFCs on 
fee caps? 
Balaji: 
So, are most of these clients on fee caps so that, you may see an uptick in volumes, but not 
necessarily in revenue? 
L. Shivakumar: 
No. Securitization is never covered under fee cap. Secondly, while some large entities 
particularly those who issue large volumes do come under fee cap, but we also are quite mindful 
of the amount of debt they raise and they increase each year in terms of the funding requirements. 
So, the fee cap also gets reset on a frequent basis. So, as the VOD goes up, the fee cap also gets 
reset. 
Balaji: 
Got it. Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Varun Bang from Bandhan Life Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
So, the first question is on the risk consultancy services segment. So firstly, how has been your 
initial experience with D2K technologies if you can comment on that. And secondly how are 
our platforms in the risk consultancy services different from what is currently there in the market 
and what is our strategy to scale this consultancy services segment. This is the first question? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
 Varun, I'll take that. As far as our initial experience with D2K is concerned it's been very 
positive in the market. As you know the organization has been in the market for almost more 
than 20 years and their products are really something which are at the cutting edge in terms of 
technology.  

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
We see a strong demand from D2K on three verticals. First is on credit monitoring, second is on 
regulatory reporting and third is on data management. Now, all these services which they provide 
in terms of software solutions to banks are actually timed very well because the regulator is also 
moving quickly on these areas where they need risk monitoring and regulatory measures on 
reporting are getting tighter and tighter. 
So we are seeing increasing demand for their products especially on EWS, IRAC, asset 
classification, end-to-end automation and etcetera. And initial reaction to answer your question 
would be very, very positive. As far as our automation solutions go, I think the platform question 
that you had, we have automated a lot of our solutions in the internal risk scoring system as well 
as ECL systems which we provide for the banks, and we constantly take feedback from clients 
as to which areas of these products need upgradation. 
 
And there is a lot of technology that gets deployed in these products to upgrade them on a 
continual basis. We have recently upgraded to a newer version of internal risk solutions which 
we call IRS3, and that has received very strong acceptance from the market. We are similarly 
upgrading other platforms as well, and we believe that IL products would be in tune with the 
technology movements which we see in the market. Maybe Shubham, if you would like to add 
anything on D2K? 
Shubham Jain: 
Yes, thanks, JC. So definitely in addition to what JC has said, with the acquisition of D2K, our 
product suite on the risk and monitoring has got completed. As JC was saying that IAL already 
had tools like IRS and ECL and then D2K is very strong on the monitoring bit with its EWS and 
the asset classification tools. So, what value-added, we are also providing to the client is the end-
to-end cycle for their entire known portfolios, where instead of going to different vendors, they 
can come to IAL, and we take care of the entire cycle. So that is becoming a good USP and DTM 
for our products overall. And then platform, yes, currently most of the products from D2K as 
well as IAL are on-frame, because of regulatory requirements also. But for some other segments 
like AMCs, etc., now we are creating lighter versions of our products, which may not be on-
frame, but possibly operate as a SaaS model. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Just for the benefit of everyone, Shubham Jain is our Group Head of Strategy. 
Moderator: 
Varun, do you have any follow-up question? 
Varun Bang: 
Yes. So the second question is on the knowledge services segment. So, in our PPT page 17, we 
have talked about increasing focus towards insourcing by our partners. So, if you can just share 
more insights on that, that would be helpful. And what is driving this shift and is this a temporary 
phenomenon? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
That's the general trend that we have seen in the outsourcing industry where they have a captive.  
Varun Bang: 
Okay. And if you can just share the revenue mix between project business and FD or, let's say, 
recurring business and what rate is the recurring business going for us? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
That information we are not sharing in the annual report and to maintain parity of the information 
between all stakeholders, we're not able to share that. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. No problem. Lastly, one suggestion. I appreciate the stage that our organization has taken 
over the last couple of years and it's good to see some progress. But one of the areas where I still 
see some gap is the return ratio. And if I see a return on equity, it is less than half of CRISIL and 
that is because of the excess cash that we are holding. I think we should be targeting higher 
return on equity. And I had suggested the same thing in the last con call. I would suggest 
management to, you know, seriously look at this. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Sure. I think it's a fair point. And just to reiterate, capital allocation is something which we 
review constantly. From a payout perspective, we increased the dividend last year. This year 
also, we have upped the dividend, and we also did an acquisition as well. When we look at 
allocation, we try to strike a fair balance between what we want for expansion and what we want 
as a payout. But your point is valid and well taken. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kodak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. Sir, the first question is on expenses. So initially, I think there was 
this comment that there's been some investments towards capability building, infrastructure. So 
where are we on that journey as of now? And if you would like to indicate going forward, is the 
pace of investments going to decline or there is still some more room to cover there? That's the 
first question. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
There are two parts to this. One is, of course, spends as far as people are concerned. That 
obviously is a core part of our capital. And that will be, of course, the significant corrections that 
we had to make in terms of aligning our pay structures in the market. Bulk of that was done 
about a year or two ago. And going forward, it will be just the normal annual corrections that 
one would expect to see. 
Where we will continue to see spends over the next two to three years essentially will be in the 
technology area. This is an area where we have to naturally invest in infrastructure as well as 
enhancing the quality or efficiency of our applications to improve user experience both internally 
and with respect to our external users.  
So that's an area where we will see spends, but we have a roadmap and we are done with probably 
about a year and a half or two years of that journey. And then we have another few years to go. 
That will continue till the time we are satisfied or till it reaches a normalized kind of a level and 
thereafter the spends will be what one would expect to see on a recurring basis. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Sure. And between ratings and non-ratings, is there a skew where you had to make bulk of the 
correction? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Given the nature of the businesses, the bulk of the corrections had to be made in the ratings area 
because that's the skill set of the people that we have in the ratings world. In the non-ratings 
business, particularly in the knowledge services area, which is where bulk of our people are, in 
our subsidiary, ICRA Analytics, there in fact the pay scales are lower. That's the nature of that 
industry as well.  
So the people investments, bulk of it did happen in ICRA Limited and that will essentially be 
the case even going forward. Going forward, we expect those changes or increases to be modest 
or normal. With respect to technology, I would say it would be slightly more skewed towards 
ratings. But having said that, there are spends happening within the non-ratings area as well. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. And then finally, to finish this point, on the rating side when we benchmark your margins, 
they do look on the lower side. The exact comparison may not be possible due to how you 
allocate expenses versus others. But clearly, should we see this number inching up quite nicely 
over the next few years if the rating revenue growth sort of sustains where it is today? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
I think directionally we are headed well. And this is something that we have been keeping an 
eye on because we are, as you yourself would be aware, a little behind where we were in best of 
our years in the past. And we are actually moving towards that. It's probably not reasonable or 
fair to compare our margins with some of our competitors, because the construct of each one of 
these organizations is quite different.  
So one doesn't really know how the cost allocation happens or where the resources etc are 
housed. But having said that, margin improvement is something that we are extremely sort of 
preoccupied with. And this is an area that will continue to receive our attention all the time. And 
it's I think fair to say that directionally, we are satisfied with the progress that we have been 
seeing year-after-year. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And then second one, on the non-ratings side, Venkat made a couple of points on the Moody's 
business and how you have to incrementally sort of compete harder. In fact, even on the non-
Moody's clients as well. And then initially, there was also comment about willingness to expand 
inorganically. So are there any big areas where we need to clearly cover some ground and make 
some inorganic acquisitions over the next, maybe one, one and a half years? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
We will remain opportunistic. And the most important thing for us is to ensure that the 
opportunity that we choose to pursue will have to be synergistic with what we do as a group. So 
fundamentally, it has to be in the risk analytics space or research, which is actually aligned with 
what we're doing. So synergy is what we will be most first about or particular about.. If the 
opportunities are interesting, naturally we will pursue those But the intent is for us to grow the 
non-knowledge services business in terms of scale. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Sorry, one correction there. It is not that it has become hard this year, it was always hard. Getting 
business and bidding with the other subsidies as a competitor was always there. I heard that 
comment saying incrementally, it has become hard -  No, it was always hard . 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, sure. Well, thanks for that. And the last is a data question. What is the employee count? 
And if you can break it up between the ratings and others? Thank you. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Last year, we were at 1,495. So, has the number gone down this year? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
We would be at 1500. 400 ~, 450 would be Rating, and the balance would be non-rating side. 
  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment 
Management. Please, go ahead. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have a slightly, long-term view and my question will 
be slightly longer on that. So, if you look at, over the last 10 years, right, out of the last 10 years, 
there have been three years where we reported double-digit revenue growth and seven years 
were probably flat or low single-digit growth. CRISIL, on the other hand, has probably done the 
reverse. Seven out of the 10 years were double-digit sales growth. 
Now, over the last three years, of course, we have delivered double-digit sales within every year. 
And we've also kind of invested a lot on capabilities and abilities. Now, my question is, in the 
long term, how do you see this business? Moody's is a very, very growth-oriented organization. 
Do we have constraint to growth? Or when you look outside, because the rating business in India 
is, you can grow only so much, right? 
It's a very, very small market. So, over the next five, 10 years, how do we see growth? Where 
does growth come from? Is our business constrained by options to grow, is what I'm trying to 
understand. Or when you kind of look at businesses over the next three years, five years, do you 
actually see opportunities for us to deliver double-digit sales growth continuously for the next 
five years, 10 years, right? 
You know, something like CRISIL has done over the last 15 years in India. Because S&P has 
invested, they have 67% stake in CRISIL. So, they've ensured that the company kind of 
continues to deliver growth. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
There are two parts to this. One is the ratings business. And the ratings business will always be 
range-bound in terms of growth, because it is a regulated business. So, what we do, what we can 
do will always be dictated by how the regulatory framework evolves. And besides that, it's 
always a leverage play on the economy in terms of the credit, activity, if you like. So, that is one 
part of it. The other part of it is the non-ratings business. Our intent as a management team is to 
ensure that we have a book that is reasonably, de-risked, , either from a client concentration or 
business concentration. 
So, which is the diversification that we are working on at the present time and all we have been 
working on for the last couple of years. And that is the intent with which we are keen to grow 
the non-knowledge services business, because the knowledge services business is heavily 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Moody's dependent. The acquisition that we made towards the end of last year in the non-ratings 
space, acquisition of D2K technologies, that again is consistent with our strategy of growing the 
non-ratings business. 
So, as a management team, our desire is to ensure that we have a well-diversified book, which 
will ensure that we have, essentially growth, that is acceptable to us and to the street on a 
consistent basis.  
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. So, you know, if you look at Moody's, somewhere towards the end of '23 they had 
launched an AI tool, right? AI-based research tool for their end customers, right? Because, of 
course, research agencies, both CRISIL and ICRA or S&P and Moody's globally would have 
access to an incredible amount of data, right? 
Both on credit side, on companies, performances and time series of long data. They have 
launched this tool to kind of monetize that data. Does ICRA fall in that kind of ecosystem? Do 
we have enough systems and in place to kind of integrate into that? 
And is ICRA kind of working towards monetizing the kind of data that you would have 
accumulated over the last 15, 20 years in India? And just an aside, I think we saw on LinkedIn, 
there was a post which says ICRA will now be called an affiliate of Moody's. What does that 
really mean for ICRA? Those are my two questions. Thanks. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Right. See, the first question we will be guided by the regulatory framework. There are certain 
things that with certain points of data that we have, which we cannot monetize because we are 
precluded from being able to monetize it regulatorily. But we also have other data which can be 
monetized. 
And those are all opportunities that will be pursued through ICRA analytics to the extent they 
are regulatory, permissible will be pursued. And all that is part of a larger strategy that we must 
grow the non-ratings business and to diversify our book from a revenue standpoint. About your 
question on us being called a Moody's affiliate, this is just rebranding at the group level at 
Moody's. 
It doesn't change anything from our standpoint, from the point of view of us being a subsidiary 
of Moody's or being part of the Moody's group. So, it is just the branding, and this being done, 
globally by Moody's and which will be uniformly applied to all the entities that they have within 
their fold across the world. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Thanvi from Banyan Tree Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So in the start of the call, we talked about some challenges with 
the Moody's business because they have been trying to automate their work. Can you throw 
some light on this? What this, like, does it also play into lower projects coming to us? And what 
are the kind of automations they are trying to do? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
And how, as ICRA Analytics, are we also part of the journey in terms of helping them automate 
processes? Like, is this automation an opportunity or a challenge for us from a longer-term 
perspective? That is question number one. The second is, we talked about FTE and the project 
business not being, we're not getting projects last year. 
So, is it right to assume that FTE business, we did not see any drop-off in terms of revenue, 
continued to be steady state without any incremental growth and projects dried up, which could 
come say, in FY '25 or '26, depending upon the pipelines or Moody's. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Kunal. the first question was whether the AI is a threat or an opportunity. I think it's a mix and 
there will be opportunity in the sense there are a lot of transformation or change management 
projects which keeps on happening. 
 
AI will also have its own set of challenges for the industry and the way it works is you have a 
set of work that you do which people keep on automating and your business model also evolves 
and you get more towards higher end of the work. 
 
 
Kunal Thanvi: 
So, it was on the FTEs and the project, right? If you see the knowledge service business last 
year, that is FY '24 is it right to assume that the FTE business was continuing steady state and 
project did not come through? And the growth even for years to come would only be the project 
business?  
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, it would be fair to say that we were hit more on the project side rather than on the FTE side. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. And the second question was on the market services and risk management. While because 
of the D2K we saw strong jump in the risk. But when I look at the profitability of these businesses 
in the segment, they are barely making money. Can you talk about our profitability aspiration in 
this business? What are the numbers that we are looking at? 
 
Because as you know, we've been giving commentary on high focus on growing non-Moody's, 
non-rating business over the next three to five years. Great if you can talk about the profitability 
of that you have in mind.  
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
I will not talk about specific in terms of how we are seeing the profitability because we don't 
give a guidance. The business that we are talking has got two components. One is the data 
business, and the other is the software business which is on the risk and consulting. Both has got 
a reasonably decent margin profile. I think the way currently we are seeing is at this point in 
time we are on an expansion or growth mode and as the turnover grows the software business 
should deliver better returns. And so in data as well because what you do is essentially you keep 
on recycling the same data. 
 
That's what you would have seen in JC's presentation where we are trying to get some tie-ups 
done for data business. Currently there are some costs of investments also which are hitting, for 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
example, in the new acquisition you have a cost of amortization which hits in this segment. A s 
and when it scales, I'm sure the margins profile will increase and that is what we are trying to 
achieve. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. And on the ESG side we've got the license now, anything that you can -- you'd like to share 
on the pricing or the opportunity size on the ESG side?  
L Shivkumar: 
Yes, so it's been a month since we got the license. So, it does look quite exciting. In a sense, 
there is a lot of interest from the corporates, large corporates who have taken a lot of initiative 
on sustainability. So, we are engaged with many of them. 
 
Also, entities that are largely private equity led there is a lot of insistence from the shareholders 
to showcase what they are doing in this arena. So, we strongly believe that our rating and scoring 
would help these entities in that. So, that's an area where we just started, we are working on that, 
and it looks quite promising. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. And like ratings, the pricing will be -- it will be an open market or regulated, any thoughts 
on that? 
L Shivkumar: 
 So, see, it is not regulated the pricing is not regulated neither on credit rating nor on ESG ratings. 
There is a regulatory framework which SEBI has put in place under which many entities 
including ours has got a license. So, pricing is -- will be market driven. So, we will see how it 
evolves. 
Kunal Thanvi: 
Sure. Thank you so much, all the very best. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jinal Sheth from Awriga Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. So, we have been investing on automation in 
the co-rating business and which we have spoken about before, which could kind of help us 
bridge the margin gap between our peers. Where are we in that journey and should we see the 
benefits in margins in the co-rating business in FY '25 and going forward? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
We have been seeing improvement in our operating margins overall in the last couple of years 
and we expect that to be a focus area for the management. Naturally, it will involve a number of 
things that we expect will contribute to this. Technology is one which will bring in operating 
efficiencies and we also constantly keep looking at our structures internally and to draw out as 
much efficiencies as possible. 
 
So, this is a journey. I do not think we can draw a line at any point saying we are done with it 
and therefore we do not have to focus on this anymore. We are constantly looking at areas that 
can contribute towards operating margins. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
 
One is of course, by bringing in efficiencies with respect to our operating platform. The other 
one is with respect to pricing our products and discontinuation of anything that we believe is not 
actually adding value. It is multiple things. So, we are using pretty much every lever that is 
available to us to ensure that we continue to be on this journey of improvement in margins. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay, thank you. There is just another observation that I think another gentleman raised the 
point about capital allocation. I do take the point that, there has been an improvement in payout, 
as the CFO did mention, and considering the amount of cash that we are sitting on, it would be 
great to see if that can be improvised further, which ultimately will improvise our return ratios. 
That is about it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
My question is regarding the organic capability building and the knowledge services. Can you 
just help us to understand how we are deciding where to build capability? And just related to 
that, how is the engagement with the parent changing? Do you see more and more pull related 
options, or are we able to scout their portfolio and give them more value-added offerings? That 
is question number one. 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Anuj, on the organic capability building and knowledge services, essentially, we are looking at 
both global and domestic, largely in the area which is our competence in data analysis and 
business transformation that we have been doing with our existing clients. We want to extend. 
 
We are open for opportunities in both global and domestic, and wherever we see these 
opportunities coming, we would be very keen to engage and take that forward, and that is already 
happening. As far as engagement with parent is concerned, it's an ongoing activity. We 
constantly engage with them to explore newer areas. 
 
As there was a comment about Moody's results, which were announced, I think they are going 
in a lot of areas. We are constantly engaging with them to see if we could partner with them in 
other activities and it's all based on the nature of opportunity at that point of time, and this is an 
ongoing conversation. 
Anuj Sharma: 
And my second question is, how do we set targets or benchmarks in the knowledge services 
business? As I think all of us have alluded, the opportunity is very large. How do you really set 
what is a target or a benchmark for you to achieve, to at least remain a status quo as to where 
the outsourcing opportunity or the wallet size is, right? A little bit on that? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
I think we mentioned that we don't want to get into a give a forward-looking statement, but 
you've seen historically growth has been robust. I think that's one way to look at it. In the last 
one year, we have seen challenges on the project roles and if that comes back, I think we should 
be good there. 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. Thank you so much for this answer. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitish from Chrys Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitish: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is more on our EBITDA margin. Our FY’25 
overall EBITDA margin, was around 35%, and you highlighted that the management is focusing 
on margin expansion. So, what is the roadmap to improve margin, and can we say that our overall 
margin at an overall P&L level will improve from next year? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
It will continue to improve. As we said before, this is something that will be part of our agenda 
perpetually. We will continue to use multiple levers to deliver on this, either in terms of cost 
rationalization or bringing in efficiencies through technology interface or repricing some of our 
offerings, rationalizing some of our offerings, etc. 
 
So, this is a journey, I think, which we will be on, and then this will continuously receive a lot 
of attention from the management. And the good thing, I mean, I think what we are comfortable 
with is the direction that we have shown so far and what we have been seeing. And the trajectory 
of progress is something that the management is tracking closely and is satisfied with at the 
present time. 
Nitish: 
And do we have any target margin? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
We do not provide any forward-looking guidance. 
Nitish: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Sorry to hop on this Knowledge Services again. In the past, 
we've seen that the project business gets these Stickers on growth, especially around some 
regulatory involvement change, the ESG, where we could help the parent and be opportunistic. 
Could you talk about some of the regulatory changes which we are seeing globally over the next 
18 months to 24 months where we would be, trying to build capabilities and try to bring back 
that project business? 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
So, as far as regulatory changes are concerned, I think the landscape which is happening 
domestically is also happening globally in terms of regulatory tightening. So, that itself is 
throwing up some opportunities. Plus, there is a lot of movement towards private credit, which 
is happening both in India as well as globally. 
 
And this also is throwing up opportunities, which we would like to capitalize on as we move 
forward. So, essentially, I think it's a very dynamic environment, both in ratings space of our 
parent as well as non-rating and there is also a lot of opportunity which keeps coming up. We 
are constantly engaged, as we mentioned earlier, to see how we can capitalize on those 
opportunities. Yes, Ram, if you'd like to add something. 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
No, I think you've covered all this. Thank you. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Yes. Just a follow-up here. In the initial comments you made, you said some of these projects 
were, the client chose to automate some of these processes, and this is more structural then. Just 
when you think of the business going forward, you've already spoken about this. But are we 
losing this business to some of the captives, or this is just the automation journey of the client, 
which has led to such a decimal performance on the project side? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
I will pitch in JC and then you can add. What we tried to say or articulate in the previous 
conversation was in in the last 2-3 years growth was very good, especially when we got projects 
and ESG was one such project. The automation, it's a part which will play but we can look at it 
as an opportunity because we will get a lot of transformation projects.  
 
There's a single client dependency and we see need to diversify this business because that makes 
your business model robust. JC, you may want to add. 
Jayanta Chatterjee: 
Yes, the only additional point is what was made earlier that we do have to compete for every 
business. And the captives are a part of the set of entities which we compete with in order to get 
the business. So that's something which is ongoing. Hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be taking the last question from the line of 
Rajiv Mehta from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Can you comment on the margin levers besides the operating leverage and the tech lead 
efficiencies you've already spoken about? The other leavers can be from coming from pricing, 
wallet share gains, higher contribution of initial rating fees. Can you speak about these trends? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Yes, besides this, what we also have done and have been looking at consistently is changes to 
the structure itself of the teams and of the organization internally, both on the business 
development side and the analytical side to ensure that we derive better efficiencies and better 
synergies. So the leverage, , I think you pretty much covered it all increase customers wallet, 
improvement in yields, expansion of the market share itself if you like, particularly with the 
universe that we do not actually rate at the present time, besides looking at efficiencies from an 
operating standpoint from within. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And Venkat, just one clarification, this D2K revenue consolidation is in the consulting 
revenue line, right? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, in the press release, yes, that's right. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes, in the segmental breakup. So when I look at the segmental consulting segment margin, it 
is a bit positive in Q4 versus a loss in Q3. Of course, quarterly margins and variations are not 
comparable. But this positive margin in Q4, is it reflective of the steady state profitability of 
D2K? 

 
 
ICRA Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
That segment also has, apart from D2K, it also has got banking segment, which IAL had earlier.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes, but which is a very small revenue, actually, before D2K got merged? 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, I'm coming to that. See, also, what happens is in these kinds of software implementation, 
sometimes a quick mandate execution drives revenue which is linked to an effort and execution 
and there's a tendency to accelerate near year end. I would not really be looking too much in the 
Q4 as a number. I think it's better, we see some more quarters how this moves rather than going 
by one quarter. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Correct. And just last question on the ESG products. So I mean, how quickly can we launch the 
products and go to market? What is the readiness in terms of team and everything? And if you 
can just comment on that, will be helpful? 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Well, we have been ready with this for some time now, because if you recall, the original 
consultation paper, I think was issued by SEBI a good probably about 18 months ago. And one 
was expecting the final framework, regulatory framework to land soon. So, we've had enough 
time to prepare ourselves well for it. 
 
And so we have the, it's housed in our subsidiary called Pragati. In fact, we've got teams in place 
there. The entire structure is in place, we've got the board in place and Shiv, who is the Chief 
Business Officer for ICRA Limited, is also the CEO of the ESG business. 
 
So, in terms of readiness, when I think we have been ready for some time. And Shiv alluded to 
earlier on, we are working on essentially engagement with the market and translating some of 
the opportunities that we are looking at into real business opportunities. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
That's great. Thank you and best of luck. 
Ramnath Krishnan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. And now I hand the conference over to Mr. Venkatesh Vishwanathan, 
Group CFO, for closing comments. 
Venkatesh Viswanathan: 
Thanks operator. We have come to the close of the analyst call. On behalf of ICRA, I thank all 
the participants for their time and the engaging conversation that we had today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICRA Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
