 
 
Rashi Peripherals Limited 
(Formerly known as Rashi Peripherals Private Limited) 
Regd. Oﬃce: Ariisto House, 5th Floor, N S Phadke Road, Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400069, India 
• Tel: +91-22-6177 1771 | Fax +91-22-61771999 • www.rptechindia.com  |  CIN: L30007MH1989PLC051039 
 
 
  
May 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,  
Listing Operation Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejecbhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 544119 
 
Listing Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)  
05th Floor, Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: RPTECH 
 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet held on 24th May, 2024 
 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
   
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 as amended from time to time, enclosed herewith the transcript of the Analysts/Investors 
Meet held on Friday, 24th May, 2024 at 6:00 p.m. (IST); for the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript has been uploaded on the website of the Company at www.rptechindia.com/investor  
You are requested to kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thankyou. 
 
Your faithfully, 
For RASHI PERIPHERALS LIMITED 
 
 
Hinal Shah  
Company Secretary  
& Compliance Ofϐicer 
 
Encl.: As above 
  
 
HINAL TEJAS 
SHAH
Digitally signed by HINAL TEJAS SHAH 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
postalCode=400067, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=81BD235560DE360774
683C33C458F83C1C785BAA8CB8821A
3CDD89FF29144666, cn=HINAL TEJAS 
SHAH 
Date: 2024.05.30 17:37:11 +05'30'

Rashi Peripherals Limited 
Quarter-4 FY-2024 
24 May, 2024 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 and FY24 Conference Call of Rashi 
Peripherals Limited. As a reminder, all participants lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then 
‘0’ on your touch tone phone. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. The statements are not the guarantee of future performance and on 
worries and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and I'll hand the conference over to Mr. 
Kapal Pansari - Managing Director of Rashi Peripherals Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir.  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
Hello. Good evening and welcome Rashi family members to this Q4 2024 and FY 2024 earnings 
call. Thank you for attending this and we are excited to present our performance for the year 
2023-2024.  
 
Let me start by sharing that Rashi Peripherals Limited continues to be a leading and fastest 
growing national distribution partner for global technology brands in India. Rashi peripherals 
offers an end-to-end service such as pre sales solution, technical support, marketing services, 
credit solutions and warranty management services across the country. Rashi has been 
instrumental in facilitating a number of global technology brands. And we are one of the 
players that led the formalization of the fragmented and unorganized ITC product distribution 
in the country. Rashi peripherals has one of the widest and largest product distribution 
networks in the country with 51 branch offices and 63 warehouses, we reached more than 700 
towns of the country, servicing more than 9900 channel partners. Our team of 549 sales team 
enabled more than 16,000 SKUs delivering 379 million units distributed in FY24.  
 
Let me share some accolades that we've achieved in this financial year. Among the top, we 
would like to share that we received Top Value-Added Distributor of the year 2023 award by 
NVIDIA at GTC in San Jose, US. Another outstanding award was from Intel Corporation for 
Outstanding Growth Distributor for Data Center and AI Group award. TP link awarded Rashi 
peripherals as most significant contributor to growth in FY23. Apart from this B2B media of IT 
industry, Digital Terminals, Var India and NCN also awarded Rashi Peripherals as best 
distributor award for last year. Hulladek honors of 2024 awarded as raising the bar award for 
the initiatives and in the e-waste collections that we have done in the year.  
 
To begin, Rashi Peripherals has grown in Q4 2023-2024 in revenue by 33% and in FY24 grew 
overall by 17.3%. It continues to deliver a significant growing number in the industry.  
To give you a background about the PC industry in the country, India market in 2023, de-grew 
by about 6 to 7%. Another important factor within this PC industry while the overall there has 
been a de-growth, desktop market continue to grow post COVID after the work from home 
and learn from home with schools and offices opening up the refresh of desktop PCs has been 
higher. This drives overall market with 75% contributed by notebooks and 25% by desktops.  
 
Consumer notebook market also had witnessed 3 consecutive growth quarters year over year 
which shows a recovery sign for PC industry post Covid's downfall that had happened after 
offices and schools started opening up again. I hand over to Rajesh Goenka - CEO of Rashi 
Peripherals, to discuss about the highlights and initiatives at Rashi Peripherals.  
 
Rajesh Goenka:  
Thank you Kapal. Continuing at what Kapal shared, I repeat that Q4 to Q4, we grew at 32.9% 
and FY23 versus 24, we grew a consistent of 17.35. This is in line with our plan and as always, I 
tell this event to my team what we promis we must deliver so what we promised is what we 
delivered. Another highlight is that currently Rashi peripherals, we have 60 brands distribution 
portfolio, a basket of 60 brands, some of the new brands that we have added in the last one 
year noticeable are ViewSonic, Alcatel-Lucent, Numeric, Afox, JBL business expansion, Philips 

expansion and American Megatrends. So, these are the some brands that we have added in 
last one year resulting in total portfolio of 60 brands.  
 
We've also added in the last year TP-link surveillance business, which is a new product line. 
Rashi Peripherals was never there in the surveillance industry, which you know, the 
surveillance market is increasing by leaps and bounds so we have entered this market via our 
existing relationship of TP-link networking devices. Another very noticeable and moment of 
pride was our win, our largest ever single order worth 1510 crores, which we won from NMDC 
Data Center Private Limited, which is also popularly called as Yotta. This is the India's first and 
largest artificial intelligence cloud data center. This order we won in the last financial year, but 
the execution is happening in the current financial year and very soon we will see the light and 
the data center operation.  
 
And last but not the least, we continue to be environmental friendly so all our 50 branches are 
e-waste collection center and therefore we have collected substantial amount of e-waste 
which we eventually send for recycling. So, I think these were some of the highlights of FY24.  
 
Now coming to plan for FY24-25, some of the initiatives that we have taken, I would like to 
highlight in this forum the top five, the 1st is we continue to expand our value addition in the 
embedded space. Embedded space is also called as semiconductor business which is very 
unique business to Rashi Peripherals where we have a separate team and vertical and what we 
have done, we are doing this year is very unique thing is we are setting up our own laboratory 
for embedded business where we can live demo the products and solutions so this embedded 
lab, the first ever in India will be set up in Bangalore.  
 
2nd, we have initiated our separate vertical which we call it as LOEM Make in India vertical. As 
you know in India, Make in India is on full fledge more and more manufacturing of PC and PC 
related equipment’s are being done in India. That means the demand or consumption also, is 
going to be there in India, so we want to focus it separately as a vertical. So that's one new 
vertical that we are setting up in this year.  
 
The third vertical we want to set up is the visual display. As you know visual size, the screen 
size, the sharpness is increasing day by day. Our yes, few years back we were just using a 16-
inch monitor. Now we are using a 22- or 27-inch monitor. On the highways we see display 
airports, we see large displays. That business is pretty big and that is why we have we've got 
into a separate vertical for visual display business and currently we already have LG, ViewSonic 
and some other brands where we have already started the business.  
 
Last but not the least, Rashi peripherals continues to penetrate deeper into the country and 
we currently are more than 700 towns already covered. We will continue to expand and as a 
part of this initiative to further get it deeper into the country beyond 700 towns beyond 9500 
customers and get new products to our potential customers, we are organizing a seminar 
come training program in 51 to 100th town of India. So, we are excluding the top 50 towns of 
India and we are going to have roadshows starting from 51 to 100 towns of India and all these 
initiatives that I mentioned cannot be measured and cannot be effectively implemented, 
unless we have a very strong digital base within the organization so while we run on SAP HANA 
but now this year we are going to empower all our 450 salespeople by CRM, which is also 
provided by SAP. So, all our sales people on their palm or on their smartphone will have all the 
data information, visit tracking live. So, these are the 4-5 quick things on top of the priority 
that we are launching in the current financial year, which will enable to sustain and maintain 
our growth momentum. With this background, I transfer the call to Himanshu Shah who is our 
CFO for financial.  
 
Himanshu Shah:  
Good evening, investor, family members and friends. This is CFO from Rashi peripherals, 
Himanshu Shah. I would like to take you through the financial highlights as already mentioned 
by Kapal ji - Managing Director, I would like to mention that revenue for financial year 23-24. 
Financials grew by 17.35%. EBITDA grew by 18.71% and PAT has grown by 16.8%. Very 
importantly, working capital days for our business, they have remained in the same range of 
54 days around and we have been able to maintain ROCE of 13.39% as against the last year's 
ROCE of 14.21 %. And ROE, because of this equity raise at the end of the financial year has 
been at 12.79%.  
 

This is on consolidated basis and EPS which is again important element of our P&L statement 
has grown by 5-6% on the increased equity basis. With this, I would like to hand over to Kapal 
Pansari ji for closing remarks before we move on to Question and answer.  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
Thank you, Himanshu. While Himanshu has highlighted our FY numbers, I also would like to 
highlight our Q4 financial numbers that has grown by 33% on quarter four to quarter four. 
EBITDA countries to grow similarly at about 28.8 percent and PAT has grown by 96.9%. There 
is an exceptional item even if we consider without the exceptional items, the PAT has grown by 
41% in the quarter four year over year. The way to look at this market is that one last year, 
despite the Growth, Rashi Peripherals continued to grow and strengthen its position in the IT 
space.  
 
Both the initiatives that Rajesh mentioned that Make in India, the opportunities that it will 
present, embedded focus will pivot Rashi peripherals into new verticals and new approach 
towards business segments. Apart from this, in 2024 all the OEMs will have a range and host of 
products which will enable AI based computation and devices. That will also drive higher ASP 
and growth for the overall PC industry. Microsoft has announced Copilot plus PCs which will be 
equipped and capable to independently execute complex AI algorithms. While these two 
things happen, there will be a transformation in the way PCs were sold and PCs have will be 
used in the coming times. Not only in 2024, even in 2025, it is expected that Windows refresh 
will happen there by commercial segment going for higher refresh cycle to keep up with the 
technology adoption.  
 
All these factors will result in higher growth opportunities for us and for the distribution 
industry for the PC market. This will also include or it will evolve various different GTM 
strategies to cater to such demand, to cater to such customers looking for higher productivity 
out of PC investments. We are constantly working to better our working capital cycles and 
improve economies of scale to be efficiently capture the growth segment. The only thing that 
we are very consciously working on is on our inventory cycles though the inventory cycles have 
remained at the constant level, we believe that they are on the higher side and there is further 
scope to improve.  
 
However, on a running model in Q4, we've seen a correction of inventory days by 5% on a 
year-to-year basis. Last but not the least, our credit rating in the month of March from Crisil 
improved from A to A+ with a positive outlook. Based on our FY numbers, we hope that Crisil 
will further evaluate us to improve this further. This will help our overall cost of finance to 
optimize and improve in this FY24-25. Thank you everyone. We can open the forum for more 
questions answered from our family members.  
 
Moderator:  
The first question is from the line of Aditya Bansal from the Family Office. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Aditya, your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with your question.  
  
Aditya Bansal:  
Mr. Pansari, my question is to you. Any sales guidance, do you have for financial year 25? And 
what is your horizon operating profit? Currently your operating profit margin is around 2 to 
3%. So, do you envisage to increase your operating profit margin anyhow, because this is 
something which is a bit low, so do you have any plans, any plans as in private labels or 
something where you can increase your profit margins?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
So, Aditya, our operating profits that is in line with our overall and generalized operating 
structure. Distribution industry is quite mature and is governed in certain margin range and we 
continue to operate within them. There is a scope to improve this from the point of view of 
inventory and working capital cycles, which will give us higher efficiency resulting in better ROE 
and ROCE.  
 
Aditya Bansal: 
Any chance of starting with any private labels or something which will boost up the operating 
profit margins?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So currently as of today, with the existing business products portfolio that we have, we 
already have good growth, sustained growth so we do not have any plans of private label as on 
today.  
Aditya Bansal: 
 
And any forward sales guidance we have for FY25? 
 

Himanshu Shah: 
Our long term CAGR has been 20% in the past and we continue to grow by double digit as 
promised. We continue to deliver that which has been delivered in 24 also.  
 
Aditya Bansal: 
 
OK, that would be all. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Aejas Lakhani:  
Yeah. Hi, team. Congratulations on the numbers. Could you just quantify firstly Kapal that what 
led to this significant growth in you know in in revenues this quarter? And a follow-on question 
to that is, OpEx is also slightly on the higher side. So, could you comment a little bit on that and 
the tax rate is on the slightly lower side so, if you could comment on these three.  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So, I'll first cover the business side. So, to answer your question on the growth, Q4 to Q4, 
the growth looks very high because last year, Q4 business was down whereas this Q4 the 
business is normalized. So that is why you can see there is a major growth, but what is 
important to note is that while the entire PC Tam of PC industry , de-grew last year by 6.6% 
but Rashi Peripherals overall has grown by 17%. So that also means that we have added new 
brands and products, new verticals and we have gained some share.  
Himanshu Shah:  
On your point that our OpEx has grown is because there is a provision on, so reduction in tax 
rate, what you asked it's impact of DTA provision created on the share issue expenses which 
are allowable over a period of five years. So, this is first year we have been able to claim 20% 
of that. On OpEx front, I would say that our interest cost only has gone up in terms of 
employee cost percentages to revenue has been improved so is the other miscellaneous 
expenses. So only the interest cost which has gone by more than 23% is something which is 
getting reflected in the results.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Sir, I was referring to the other expenses which have gone up to 45 crores versus 36 
crores last quarter. So that was one. And also, could you also explain what is the exceptional 
income that you have had it denotes to account stated that there is a business agreement for 
that you have entered into for the sale. So, could you just explain that bit a little more?  
 
Himanshu Shah:  
Yeah. So, the exceptional item, let me explain first. It is a non-compete agreement you know to 
give up on business and not to compete in future by one of subsidiary, it is insignificant 
subsidiary constituting only 0.5% of our total revenue. They have entered into a non-compete 
agreement not to you know pursue a particular business and they have got a non-compete fee 
for that to tune of the number mentioned in the P&L exception item since this is of non-
repetitive nature, we have classified it as exception item. And accordingly, is getting reflected 
in our consolidated financials.  
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it and Sir, could you comment on that other expenses which has gone up to 45 versus 36 
last QoQ? 
 
Kapal Pansari: 
 
Yeah. Other expenses on year-on-year basis.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
No, Sir. I'm talking quarter on quarter basis, the increase.  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
Quarter on quarter basis increases the major increase, the biggest increase I would like to 
attribute to advertisement expenses which has gone up in this quarter wherein you know the 
campaigns, the quantum of campaigns executed were more than as compared to the previous 
quarter. Secondly, if you see Forex. So secondly, the Forex quarter 4 of 22-23, we had a Forex 
gain and quarter 4 of 23-24 there is a Forex loss.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, Sir. That's fine. Kapal, could you just call out or Rajesh ji, if you could call out how the 
enterprise segment is doing for us, what is the revenue that we've achieved in this year and 
also how is the semiconductor vertical doing for us. What is the revenue? How are you 
thinking about growth in enterprise and semiconductors?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah, very good question. And that's my favorite topic. So, enterprise business which is semi 
matured since we are doing this business for last four years, so last year we had approximately 
70% growth only in the enterprise business and in the coming year, we continue to maintain 
that momentum. On the embedded business which is our newer baby, we are just setting up 
the base and of course, we have a very small base right now but even in terms of size, we had 
almost 92% growth on a YoY basis But these both the businesses the base we think is still 
small. So, the growth percentage will continue to be very high in near future.  

Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. You know, I want to understand that you know you are, you've spoken about deepening 
the market which is going from town no. 51 to 100, so that's wonderful to hear. Could you 
comment a little bit more about, you know, what will be the cost associated with this strategy? 
Is it going to be, I mean, what's the game plan or you know plan of action here? Is it that 
you're going to find distributors in 51 to 100 or you're going to create them, how are you going 
to sort of expand that pool?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah, so basically, Rashi Peripheral’s DNA is non metro cities while we are very strong in Metro 
cities but non-metro continues to play a bigger role for us and I want to reclarify that Rashi 
peripherals today has 51 city presence in India and from these 51 city branches we are 
covering 700 plus towns on direct billing. So, when I mentioned the roadshow seminar and 
training program that we are going to do is from 51 to 100 cities basically the objective is to 
retrain the 51 to 700 towns where we are already supplying, but to go beyond 700 towns and 
these smaller towns with due respects to them, the growth percentage is very high and the 
cost of doing a training program is relatively far lower. You can imagine a simple hotel cost in 
Mumbai versus a hotel cost in say, Agartala or any other small town of India. So cost is not very 
high. It is only the effort and more importantly these 51 to 100 towns that we have chosen, 
Rashi Peripherals we do not have our own infrastructure of branches.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. So, Sir, is it going to be again, you know, you're going to try and educate the distributor 
there or a dealer there and that's how the market formation will take place in these cities, 
right? 
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Absolutely. So, what happens in smaller towns and cities typically, these are retailers-cum-
dealers. It's a very flat structure. So, there are only one set of dealers and retailers and then 
there are some exclusive brand stores. So, we get them on all of them on board and we 
educate them to upsell, one and 2nd, currently they may be doing two or three products or 
brands. We train them to do multiple products and brands so that the stickiness of their 
customer is higher and that's our endeavor.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. So, could you speak about the large 1500 crore order on the data centers that you have 
won? What is it that you will be doing here, anything on the margins, ROCEs you know, do you 
expect? How come you have won this order, it didn't go to other distributors, a little more 
color on the same.  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So, as you all know that the Government of India has mandated now data localization, 
right so as part of this initiative, there are a lot of data centers coming up in India in 
collaboration of various vendors and even in collaboration with NVIDIA. So, this is India's first 
and largest AI cloud data center that is coming up. And since we have been working with Asus 
since last 25 years and since we have been working with NVIDIA for many many years our 
products and solutions were optimum and we could win the deal against very stiff 
competition. So, this basically the servers are going to be manufactured and supplied by Asus 
which will have 70% plus component supplied by NVIDIA GPUs. And as far as margins are 
concerned, in large projects, obviously margins are always constrained so I would only say at 
this stage that the margin for large projects will be normalized.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Sir, you mentioned that you know, you looked at the surveillance you you've tied up 
with TP links for surveillance and that was a pocket that you were missing as well as visual 
displays. Could these be like significant growth areas for us, again, smaller babies that you can 
sort of go faster. Are these meaningful opportunities?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
So, to understand the market for first and foremost, surveillance market is few thousand 
crores market already in India, one and this market is rapidly growing. Needless to say, that 
surveillance is required now even at our homes to or SMB or Soho or enterprise or even in the 
city. So, this market, one is the size existing is already big and it is ever expanding. Similarly for 
visual also the market size has is just, I would say again in 3 digit more than thousand crores. 
But then this also is exploding. You see in Mumbai the entire highway flooded with digital 
signage, airports, all are automobiles everywhere. So, both these markets one they already 
have a meaningful size, but more importantly, the growth of this market is going to be 
expansion in coming years and that's where our focus is.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, Sir and Sir, could you just give that in this year, what was the cut between PES and LIT? 
And from a revenue share perspective?  

Kapal Pansari: 
 
Yeah. Good question. Just give me a minute. Its 47 percent is LIT and 53 percent is PES.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
And so, what was the same in FY23 if you can quantify, please?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
 
Currently I don't have that exact data.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
No problem, Sir. All right, Sir. Thank you so much. And wish you and the team the best. 
 
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Drashti Shah from Think wise wealth. Please go ahead.  
 
Drashti Shah: 
Hello, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, our gross margins have declined quarter on 
quarter and also year on year our gross margins have come off. So, if you could help us like 
what's happening over there and is it to do with the mix change or is there anything else that 
we should read into? Thanks.  
 
Himanshu Shah:  
So, our gross margins have come down from 5.7 to 5.35%. It's a combination of product mix 
and the, you know, sales cycles and product mix so the range normally what we give and the 
margins are in that range only this movement is, you know, most obvious when the mix shifts a 
little bit here or there.  
 
Drashti Shah: 
And Sir, should we expect this to go further down next year because the data center revenue 
would kick in? How should we think about it going forward?  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
Normally we give an outlook of around 5% margins, which prevails in the industry, which is a 
standardized matured industry and even the associated risks are well fine defined.  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
So, Drashti, on the large deals like these data centers, there could be some variations 
happening on the gross margins’ perspective. However, this is a factor, these transactions are 
a factor of both credit that we receive from our principal, the credit that we give to our 
customer and the inventory holding cycle. The way this will work is that there will be in such 
orders, we do not hold inventory on our books. So usually, it is a working capital cycle where 
there is only debtors and creditors are involved, thereby overall calculation perspective it is an 
effect on ROCE rather than on any effect on the gross margins or EBITDA margins. So, the right 
way will not give you the right picture. The growing margins are declining margins and impact 
on the business, but from a ROCE & ROE perspective, it will sustain and grow.  
 
Drashti Shah: 
Understood Sir. And Sir, the entire data center revenue execution in the next year or it will spill 
over two years? 
 
Kapal Pansari: 
 
So, this current order that I have mentioned will get executed within this FY25.  
 
Drashti Shah: 
 
Understood, Sir. Thank you so much. That's all from me.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Avi Agarwal from Arihant Capital Markets Limited. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Avi Agarwal:  
Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, I wanted to ask, I was trying to calculate the EBITDA and 
as for my calculation, the EBITDA was coming around 670 million and even if I take the EBITDA 
margin of 2.4% on the revenue, it comes to around 720 million. So, I wanted to know if I was 
missing something.  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
 
We're talking about quarter? 
 
Avi Agarwal: 
Yeah. The quarter EBITDA, the consolidated quarter EBITDA. My calculation it comes to 670 
million and even if I take your EBITDA margin on the operating revenue, it comes to 720 
million. So, am I missing something or?  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
Actually, we analyze EBITDA on an annualized basis, which is which gives more meaningful 
trends and results. However, the quarter four 23 like it is 649 versus 837 for the quarter, which 
is 28% up.  
 

Avi Agarwal: 
No agreed Sir, agreed. But I was unable to get to the 837 number. As per my calculation, it is 
679.81 million and even if I take your EBITDA margin on the operating revenue, it comes to 
720 million.  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
Can we take these calculations offline? Because I need to get it how what you are adding and 
what we are calculating. We need to reconcile. So, can we take it offline?  
 
Avi Agarwal: 
OK, Sir. No issues. Thanks a lot. I'll get in touch with you.  
  
Moderator:  
The next follow up question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Aejas Lakhani:  
Yeah, Himanshu ji, I just want to ask you one follow up. There is the cash sitting on the books is 
about 145 crores and the total debt outstanding is 686 so I wanted to just understand, I mean 
why we not use the cash to power down debt so that we can re level up when the cycle allows 
us?  
 
Himanshu Shah:  
So, like major part of this was the IPO money, which was lying in the IPO account, more than 
50 crores. We received major collections in the last you know day of the month that also is 
getting reflected.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
Got it, Sir. So, 75 crores from the IPO proceeds is still not been used to power down debt.  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
 
50 crores.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
50 crores OK. And the rest is something you received at your end?  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
 
Yeah. Which was utilized on 1st of April.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
OK. So, the debt would have come down even further, now. 
 
Himanshu Shah: 
 
Yeah, yeah yeah. 
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
OK, so what would be debt levels today?  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
 
In the range of 600s.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, Sir. OK. Thanks so much. Sir, do you see any increase in working capital or you know 
Kapal in the initial part of the call mentioned that there's scope for further reduction there. So, 
could you just speak a little bit about that?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
So Aejas, average inventory days for us are, Himanshu, what is the average inventory days that 
we are reporting?  
 
Himanshu Shah: 
 
54-55  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
Right. So Aejas, this was a similar inventory levels that we had in, in the year of FY23. Usually, 
our average inventory cycle ranges between 45 to 50 days. We were hoping that this comes 
down further, but it has not come down and we are consciously working towards how do we 
bring this down. Now the working that we do, it is a combination of our expected growth in 
the coming quarter and annual year because of which our buyings are higher. Therefore, the 
levels of inventory remained higher. Now ideally this should remain between 45 to 50 days. So, 
we are hoping that this will come down, but it is a time and growth all this function put 
together it is some, it is a mystery that what we will end up with.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Got it. So, there is scope to, you know better inventory turns and figure, OK and Kapal 
just one last thing is you did not address about 30-40 thousand crores of the hardware market 
which was these you know laptop solutions, enterprise software, you know, cybersecurity, etc. 
So, any, anything on this front, any new development on this front? 
 
Kapal Pansari:  
So, I think it is the currently as I have shared in this current financial year, our focus is more on 
one is expanding our existing business, which includes embedded and enterprise and 2nd our 
new initiatives of visual display and LOEM. We hear we hear your feedback and that is there at 

the back of mind. But at the same time, you must appreciate that we cannot do everything at 
one time. We'll have to strategically plan.  
 
Aejas Lakhani: 
 
Absolutely all the best, Sir. Thanks so. Much thank you.  
  
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Nehal Gupta, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Nehal Gupta:  
Hi, Sir. Good evening. Congratulations on good set of numbers. So, I just have a question on 
the financial performance like in the sense like how do you plan to you know, even it out in, in, 
in short term financial performance compared it with the long-term strategic goals or 
whatever future goals that we have, how do we play in tandem in terms of financials. 
 
Kapal Pansari:  
Sorry, but could you be more specific in your question? 
 
Nehal Gupta:  
Here, alright, in the context of market volatility and economic uncertainties, as per our future 
plans, how do we plan to balance short term financial performance with long term strategic 
goals?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
So, I would like to answer in in the form that the opportunities that are present to us. Last 
year, despite the market de-growth, Rashi Peripherals continued to grow at a healthy higher 
double, higher double-digit number at about 17.3%. With the IPO, with the public listing the 
capital that we raised for about 750 crores, 700 crores incremental capacity has been created. 
Most of this has gone into a working capital cycle purposes. Thereby our debt equity ratio 
falling from 1.5 times to 0.44 times. Assuming that there is a, there is a one to one and healthy 
ratio of debt equity ratio, we have a further capacity of about 700 to 800 crores to infuse in 
terms of revenue cycles. With our working capital cycles pegged at are about 54 days to 55 
days, that means we can do about 6 to 7 cycles in the year. With this 700 to 800 if you multiply 
by six to seven times, that's about incrementally 4000 to 5000 crores of revenue immediate 
opportunity of growth. So, from a short-term perspective, the cash flows are adequate to cater 
to the higher growth trajectory that we have an opportunity. The 2nd way to look at it is that 
look at the size of the IT industry in the distribution space. The industry is around 1,00,000 to 
1.2 lakh crores based on various media reports that you will look at and we are just about 10-
11 thousand crores of revenue in that we have achieved in FY24 that means we have about 9 
to 10-11% of market share. So even if the market continues to grow, which industry predicts 
will grow anywhere between higher single digit to lower double digit. We will try to grow 
faster than the market with the available cash flow, with the growth opportunity in the 
market, with the governments initiatives are digitizing across sectors. The startup ecosystem, 
or any new disruptive business cycles that are incubating are using some form of technology to 
adapt, to evolve. Therefore, the use of technology is going to be higher and higher in the 
coming times. Even in the education segment, the classrooms are becoming digital. The 
businesses are becoming digital. Therefore, digital absorption, cloud computing demand, data 
center demands, all fronts, there is ample and enough growth. Therefore, we have to be very 
picky, we have to be very strategic at opportunities that we garner to maintain this growth 
higher than the market growth.  
 
Nehal Gupta:  
All right. All right, Sir. Thank you. Thank you for those insights. That is all from me and wish you 
the very best.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from Bandhan Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Prateek Poddar:  
Yeah, Hi sir, just couple of questions. One is you talked about ASP increase with embedded and 
AI being the future, right, new products getting more of AI embedded products to the new 
products. The question was what kind of ASP increase did you see because of that from a on a 
like to like basis that's Question no. 1.  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So, the on the ASP increase, the answer is very simple. As the economy increase as the 
affordability increases and more and more digitization happens, the demand for better 
performance, laptops, accessories keeps on increasing and more importantly now with laptops 
getting into the AI space, I think this year's double-digit percentage of laptops will be all AI 
enabled which automatically will result in demand for AI, laptops, desktops and related 
accessories. As a result, the ASP will increase. If you are asking me a specific question, what 

would be the percentage ASP increase. I cannot tell you but our gut feeling is that it should be 
high single digit ASP increase in the products on an average basis.  
 
Prateek Poddar:  
And sir your margins on a percentage basis remains the same, right? Even on these new 
products which have a higher ASP?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. Margin percentage remains same. You're right.  
 
Prateek Poddar:  
OK. So, like to like basis your profitability on these new AI enabled products will increase right 
because it will set up, it will start replacing. I mean there will be a replacement demand which 
will come in which will get to place by these higher ASP products where you have a higher 
margin. That's a fair understanding, right?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
 
Yeah, correct.  
 
Prateek Poddar:  
OK, got it. So, the second question is and maybe this is hypothetical. In case, let's say overnight 
the rupee depreciates by 10%, how should I think about your profitability in that case? Is it 
that the inventory which is sitting on the payables is there where you will take a Forex loss and 
the new pricing will get reset? How should I think about forex impact on your business? 
  
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah, so very good question. The way our business works is that we buy inventory on credit 
from all our suppliers. So usually what happens is that we have about 50-55 days of inventory, 
we get about 45 days of credit from all our suppliers on an open credit. So that means 
whatever we've imported at an exchange, we have a 45 days credit and window before they 
become due for payments. As the Forex continues to be volatile and hypothetically if this 
depreciates, Rupee depreciates significantly, the inventory gets repriced according to the 
current exchange fluctuation rate give you an example. Currently if the exchange is at 83.3, 
our exchange cost factor is higher than that. It is not very high. It is marginally higher. So, 
which covers the exchange risk. If the depreciation goes up, that means the value of our 
products accordingly correct apart from this.  
 
Prateek Poddar:  
So basically, it's an offset, right? Maybe if the timing is right for the quarter, you are in there, 
but eventually it will offset each other.  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Correct the second option. The second thing that we also do is about 20 to 50% of our overall 
dollar exchange, we do forward booking as well from time to time which also gives us a natural 
hedging and safety towards the sudden rupee depreciation that could have come.  
 
I would like to add a small thing to it. Technically this forex impact we have to show as per 
IndAS in other expenses category for accounting purposes. And the other part which Kapal ji 
you mentioned gets reflected in the revenue where we pass on the pricing impact.  
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Yeah, that's correct. That's fairly understood. So last question on the data center path, I don't 
know, I got logged out. Did you talk about the opportunity side on the data center side for the 
next couple of years in terms of your addressable opportunity?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So, I said that the data center AI Cloud data center installations and implementation 
have just started, so Sky is the limit but it was this was the 1st order that was finalized in India 
and we won this. There are some more projects under discussion but it is too early to 
comment when and how and who will get this because there is equal competition across on 
these large projects. 
 
Prateek Poddar: 
So, this competition is fragmented or is limited to 2-3 players? 
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So, it's the entire ICT industry if you really see it's not fragmented, there are maximum 
five to six players across all product categories. So similar is even in the data center space.  
 
Prateek Poddar: 
Thank you so much and all the best.  
  
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Chheda from Enam Holdings. Please go ahead.  
 

Bhavin Chheda:  
Yeah. Congrats to the management team for the strong growth in the quarter. So, one 
question in the currency quarterly revenues, what part of the revenue was from this data 
center contract?  
 
Kapal Pansari: 
Yeah. So currently data center revenue was negligible in the FY24, but as I mentioned earlier, 
we picked out the order last, but execution will happen in FY25.  
 
Bhavin Chheda: 
So, this 1500 crore order which we mentioned in the presentation, nothing was booked in the 
quarter? 
 
Kapal Pansari: 
 
No. The booking will be done in the current financial year, FY25.  
 
Bhavin Chheda: 
 
There was nothing much in the Q4?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
 
No, not for the data center.  
 
Bhavin Chheda: 
 
Ok ok. And what would be the capital expenditure plan for the 25?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
 
Sorry I didn't get the question.  
  
Bhavin Chheda: 
 
How much will be normal capital expenditure in FY25?  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
 
Your voice is not very clear. How much is capital expenditure in FY25, I think.  
 
Himanshu Shah:  
Ours is not a capital interest. Ours is not a capital expenditure side. Buying some few leasehold 
developments, which may, you know, happen because of the volumes increase or something 
like that otherwise we don't see any much of capital investment.  
 
Bhavin Chheda: 
 
OK. Thanks.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. And I'll 
hand the conference over to Mr. Kapal Pansari for closing comment.  
 
Kapal Pansari:  
Dear Rashi family members, thank you for participating in our annual earnings call. We are 
very excited to begin this journey with all of you in FY2025 and we look forward to growing 
and participating and learning from all of you based on the questions that you asked and your 
guidance towards the growth. We are at a time in India where digital economy is scaling at an 
unprecedented rate. India is at the focal point for all our technology partners and are looking 
at India for the future of their growth as well. We are confident that the position that we are 
in, we will be able to grab higher growth than the market growth and thereby better 
productivity and delivering technology to the masses of the country. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Rashi Peripherals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
  
 
