 
KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192 
 
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
 
May 03, 2024 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: -  
Transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Earnings Conference Call for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 conducted on April 29, 2024 after the 
meeting of the Board of Directors for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of Post Earnings Conference Call is also made available on the 
website of the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
 
https://www.kpit.com/investors/policies-reports-filings/  
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KPIT Technologies Limited  
 
 
        
 
 
Nida Deshpande 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
DESHPANDE 
NIDA YUNUS
Digitally signed by 
DESHPANDE NIDA YUNUS 
Date: 2024.05.03 16:56:04 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
“KPIT Technologies Limited Q4 FY’24 & FY’24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KPIT 
Management: 
Mr. S.B. (Ravi) Pandit - Co-Founder, Chairman 
Mr. Kishor Patil – Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer 
and Managing Director 
Mr. Sachin Tikekar – President & Joint Managing Director 
Mr. Chinmay Pandit – Board Member & Head Americas 
Mr. Anup Sable – Board Member & Chief Technology 
Officer 
Ms. Priya Hardikar – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Sunil Phansalkar – VP (CF&G) & Head Investor 
Relations 
 
Moderator:  
Mr. Rahul Jain – Dolat Capital Markets Limited 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KPIT 
Technology Q4 FY’24 Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*”and then “0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks, KPIT Technologies, for giving us opportunity to host this 
Earnings Call. And now I would like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Sunil Phansalkar, who is VP (CF&G) and Head IR at KPIT 
to do the management introductions. Over to you, Sunil. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
A warm welcome to all on the Q4 FY’24 and FY’24 Earnings 
Conference Call of KPIT Technologies Limited. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Ravi Pandit – Co-Founder and 
Chairman; Mr. Kishor Patil – Co-Founder, CEO and MD; Mr. 
Sachin Tikekar – President and Joint MD; Mr. Chinmay Pandit – 
Whole-time Director and Head of Americas; Mr. Anup Sable – 
Whole-time Director and CTO; Ms. Priya Hardikar – CFO; and 
Sunil from IR. 
As we do always, we will have the “Opening Remarks” by Mr. 
Ravi Pandit. And then we will have the floor open for questions. 
What we have done this time is we have uploaded a 
Presentation on the exchanges, and I would request all of you 
to, if possible, go and open that Presentation because Mr. Pandit 
will take you through the Presentation. It’s a very short 
presentation of about #5, #6 Slides. Then he will talk about the 
performance of the year and the quarter, and then we will have 
it open for questions. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
So, welcome once again, and I will hand it over to Mr. Pandit 
now. 
S.B. (Ravi) Pandit: 
Thank you, Sunil. And I would like to welcome and thank all of 
you for your continued interest in our company. This call not 
only marks the end of the fourth quarter and the end of the 
year, but it also marks the end of a 5-year period since we 
completely re-strategized our business. What we thought we 
should do was to first take a quick view about what has 
happened over the past 5 years and then look at the current 
quarter and the current year. And so, as Sunil has mentioned, 
our presentation regarding the 5-year overview is already now 
on the exchange. You could certainly refer to that. And you can, 
of course, also refer to it later. I am going to take you through 
it, not in a word-by-word way, but to give you a broad overview 
about how the things have been, what we started with and 
where we have reached. 
So, you would all remember the kind of an unusual decision 
that we took 5 years ago when we went through the merger, 
demerger process. You would recollect at that time, we were a 
general-purpose IT company and we decided that we will go 
through a restructuring, whereby we will create finally a new 
company, which is very sharply focused. And we did this 
exercise. We worked on it for a period of almost 2 years before 
we really launched it in Q4 of FY 2019, which is like 5 years ago. 
Now the purpose in that was to embark on a journey to be a 
global software company of the first order for the automotive 
and mobility industry. So, we decided that we would rather be 
a mile deep and an inch wide rather than the other way around. 
And with that in mind, our teams spent time together to come 
up with our new vision and new mission. We defined our new 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
vision as reimagining mobility with you, you meaning the clients, 
our employees, our investors etcetera, for creation of a cleaner, 
smarter and safer world. 
So, the focus we decided would be squarely on the area of 
mobility. And we said that with this sharp focus, we can 
become the leading software integration partner for the 
mobility industry. And our motto was to know software better 
than any automotive OEM and to know automotive better than 
any other software company. And that was what we started 
with, and we believe that, that enthused our team of passionate 
automobile believers to really go way forward. Now with this 
vision and mission, we decided that what would be our strategy. 
So, our strategy was how do we create a culture of excellence 
by really looking at the 4 pillars of making this company really 
the leaders. 
One is we will not work with a lot of clients, we will focus on 
strategic relationship with a few clients. Then we said we would 
like to really become leaders in our defined practices and 
platform businesses. So, that was relating to what is it that we 
will offer to our clients. Then since our clients deliver products 
which weigh over a ton, which travel like more than 50, 60 
kilometers per hour, it was important that we delivered 
absolutely zero-defect products. So, we focused on good 
delivery. And of course, none of these can be done unless you 
have a good set of people working with you. So, we said we will 
strive to become the best place to grow. 
Now that was the beginning. And I want to take you very briefly 
to each one of the 4 things that we have worked on until now. 
So, having strategic relationships with clients, that has been our 
first major point. So, now we have 6 global OEMs with whom 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
we have been working for more than 17 years continuously, 4 
OEMs, with whom we have been working for over 12 years and 
another 7 with whom we have been working continuously for a 
period of 7-plus years. 
Our strategy of focusing on only a few clients so that we 
understand their needs better, so that we are able to service 
them better, so that we are able to take them into their future 
in an industry where so much is changing. I think our end 
customers really look forward to a partner who will be very 
sensitive to their needs, who will be perceptive about their 
future needs. And that is what we have been able to do with a 
very sharp focus on a few clients. So, now the strategic clients 
contribute to more than 85% of the revenue and more than 90% 
of the growth. So, this year shows ample justification for our 
focus on the clients. 
The second pillar has been the pillar of becoming a leading 
company in practices and platforms. So, we not only have 
focused on some of our old practices such as powertrain, ADAS, 
but we have also built now key practices such as the software-
defined 
vehicle 
middleware, 
the 
electric 
powertrains, 
autonomous and connected vehicles. And these practices have 
grown. So, you would notice that our last year provided 
balanced growth across multiple practices, and we continue to 
add more and more practices as time comes. 
Then the third one, as I said, was global delivery model, 
delivering on zero defects. And specifically, to be able to run 
key strategic programs across multiple domains. We have now 
been able to set up delivery centers, not only in India but also 
in major countries like U.S. or Germany. We now have centers 
in India, in Munich, in Spain, in Tunisia, in Detroit, in China, 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
Bangkok, Japan and Egypt. So, wherever there is a need for an 
end client, wherever an automotive industry does research and 
development or wherever there is good quality talent available 
for this vertical, that’s where we have opened our centers. 
And lastly, in terms of becoming the best place to go, we now 
have a team of around 13,000 automobile believers, probably 
the largest in the world, focusing on embedded software for 
the automotive industry. And as you would notice through our 
various presentations, we have been able to attract and retain 
good quality people. At a time when retention has been a 
problem, our attrition levels for the best of our people has been 
in higher single digits. And I believe all of that is on effective 
delivery or execution of the goals that we set up. 
One of the goals that we looked at was to have appropriate 
technology partnerships. And you would have read some of the 
announcements that have come in this regard. Not all the 
customers give announcements, but some of our customers 
who have given announcements include Honda and Renault. 
And you would recollect earlier, even BMW had given the 
announcement. So, we are very near and intimate partners with 
these companies. We also have worked with Technica 
Engineering to accelerate the process of transformation 
through the software-defined vehicles. 
As you would also know, during the last year, we made an 
announcement of working with ZF, joining hands to promote an 
independent 
company 
called 
QORIX 
to 
build 
scalable 
automotive middleware platforms. So, these have been some 
of the actions that have been there on the technology 
partnerships. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
The proof of the pudding has been the kind of growth that we 
have had over the last 15 consecutive quarters. So, beginning 
with Q4 of FY’19, when we took this, I should say, momentous 
decision, when our quarterly top line was $71 million, now we 
are at $160 million. At the beginning of this period, our quarterly 
EBITDA was Rs. 0.6 billion, now we are at Rs. 2.7 billion. Our 
EBITDA percentage has gone up from like 10%, 11% to 20%+. So, 
I think our commitment to deliver on a focused strategy has 
yielded not only the results in terms of serving our customers, 
but also has helped us in giving good financial performance. 
Now how do we see the future: 
Now I am sure there are questions about how do we look at the 
future with the kind of growth that we have had in the past. I 
think it’s important to remember what kind of conditions 
through which automotive industry is going. So, it’s a 
continuously evolving industry with some specific changes that 
are happening now and have happened in the near past. 
All the OEMs are now really looking forward to creating lifelong 
relationships with end customers. They want to provide 
immersive digital experiences and create multiple sources of 
monetization for them. They also want to increase their 
business efficiencies, reduce their cost of the product, increase 
the speed at which new products will be brought in and also 
increase the scope of collaboration with the new partners, 
including 
the 
companies 
like 
cloud 
companies 
or 
semiconductor companies. 
So, these factors actually create a substantial headroom for 
growth in the automotive industry. And with a view to service 
in this industry, we are creating new offerings to the present 
technology solutions. We are also increasing our investments in 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
various geographies. Over a period, of course, we will look at 
adjacencies in the overall mobility space because today, we 
have really scanned the surface of the mobility space with only 
the automotive industry, but we see possibilities in the IFE and 
other mobility sectors. We believe that they will also have good 
opportunities for growth. I must however stress that the 
headroom in the automotive industry is still quite big. 
So, this is where we are. This is how we see forward going 
forward. 
So, what is it that about our commitments, what are our 
commitments: 
Our commitments to our clients is to help the OEM transform 
their business models, to be an integrated independent 
software 
integration 
partner 
for 
their 
core 
areas 
of 
electrification, autonomous as well as connected vehicles, 
become their core partners in software-defined vehicles 
because that is really a major change in the automotive industry 
and in the common middleware platform transformation. 
Our commitment to you, our investors, is financial and 
governance sustainability, our relentless focus on enhancing 
customer value and doing appropriate capital allocation and 
enhancing shareholding returns. To our employees, our 
commitments are the newer and exciting technologies to work 
on because our employees really are the foundation of our 
growth. We also have our commitment to them for long-term 
incentivization and an ability to work with the best clients in 
the world. 
Finally, there is a commitment that we are making to the world, 
and that is something which is very dear to our heart. And that’s 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
the commitment that we are making to environmental and 
social sustainability. And that’s an area that we have been very 
passionate about for a long, long time. We are also equally 
passionate about our community services, where we focus on 
environment, energy, education and all of this through 
employee participation. We would like to be a responsible 
corporate citizen in every country in which we operate. So, this 
is really a quick overview about where we started 5 years ago 
and where we see we are as of now. 
I would now like to turn to the current year: 
I trust you all have got our investor update, so I am not going 
to go through all the items in detail, but I would just like to 
cover some headline items. So, as you would notice, our 
revenues in this quarter grew 27.5% in constant currency terms 
and 28.5% in dollar terms on a year-on-year basis. Our 
sequential growth was also very good at 5.1% in constant 
currency terms and 6.6% in the dollar terms. The growth was 
led by middleware, connected and autonomous domains. 
However, I must add that all other practices also had a good 
growth. 
The growth was broad-based across multiple geographies, and 
there was a strong sequential growth in passenger car as well 
as in the commercial vehicles. The strategic accounts to which 
I referred to earlier, contributed to 86% of our total revenue in 
Q4, which translates into 39.6% year-on-year growth and 8.4% 
quarter-on-quarter growth. So, our focus on these accounts 
has been quite sharp. 
We also had healthy deal wins of $261 million during the 
quarter. When it comes to the entire year of FY’24, our revenues 
grew 40% in reported dollar terms and 39.1% in the constant 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
currency term. The organic growth was 32%. The absolute 
revenue at FY’24 stood at $587 million. The growth in FY’24 was 
quite broad-based, again, led by middleware, connected 
powertrain and autonomous domain. 
The growth was led by passenger car vertical although there 
was also a double-digit growth in the commercial vehicles as 
well. The growth was broad-based across multiple geographies, 
with Europe and Asia leading the growth. Strategic accounts 
contributed to 85% of the total revenue for FY’24 as a whole, 
which translates to 44% year-on-year growth from the earlier 
year. We started FY’24 with an outlook of 27% to 30% constant 
currency growth and EBITDA margin range of 19% to 20%. At 
the end of Q2 of FY’24, we increased the outlook, you would 
recollect, to 37%+ constant currency growth and EBITDA margin 
of 20%+. With 39% constant currency growth, I am happy to tell 
you that we have done better than our increased outlook for 
the year. Even our EBITDA margins have been better than what 
we had committed. 
Coming to profitability: 
Our EBITDA margins for Q4 stood at 20.7%, which is an increase 
of 160 bps over Q4 of FY’23 margin. The absolute EBITDA grew 
40% year-on-year and 5.6% quarter-on-quarter. This is as far 
as Q4 is concerned. The net profit in Q4 grew 47% year-on-year 
and 5.8% quarter-on-quarter. The net profit margin in Q4 was 
12.5%. 
Looking at the year as a whole: 
FY’24 EBITDA margin was 20.3%. EBITDA grew a handsome 56% 
over the last year. The net profit growth also came to about 
56% over 23% with a net profit margin at 12.2%. Our increase in 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
profitability was also matched with increase in the cash flow, 
although I must add that during the year, we had significant 
outflows on account of acquisitions that we did. The net cash 
balance at the end of the year stood at Rs. 8.5 billion as 
compared to Rs. 5.8 billion at the end of the last year, an 
increase of roughly Rs. 2.6 billion. 
Looking at the cash flow and looking at the growth 
requirements going forward, the Board today considered the 
decision relating to the dividend, and the Board has approved a 
final dividend of Rs. 4.6 per share. And this is, of course, as you 
know, is subject to the approval of the shareholders. And this 
would take the dividend to a total dividend of Rs. 6.7 per share, 
which is a 63% increase in dividend per share and results in a 
payout ratio of roughly 31%. You would recollect that a few 
years ago, when we announced our dividend policy, we said that 
over the years, we would like to continue to increase the 
dividend payout ratio. 
Now I am sure you would all like to look at what is the outlook 
for the next year. 
So, our constant currency revenue growth, we believe, should 
be in the range of 18% to 22% and an EBITDA margin of 20.5%+. 
Revenue growth will be broad-based across practices and 
geographies. 
In FY’25, we would invest in technology areas like cross-
practice offerings as well as AI adoption. Additionally, we would 
also focus on Asia geography. People emphasis would be on 
leadership and competency development plus productivity 
improvement. The Board has also approved an ESOP scheme 
for our employees. We believe that this will further strengthen 
the long-term incentivization for our people. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
The ESOP costs and other long-term incentive costs will be 
roughly in the region of Rs. 100 crores for FY’25 alone. The 
EBITDA margins that I talked about a little earlier are after 
considering these costs. So, you would understand why after a 
revenue growth of 18% to 22%, why is it that we are still looking 
at a more or less stable EBITDA margin. But we believe that the 
investments that we are making in these areas will help us in 
our long-term growth. 
So, this is about the outlook for the FY’25. I trust I have covered 
most of the issues that you had, I am sure, concerned about, 
and you have questions about. And we will be all very happy to 
take any further questions that you may have. My entire 
Management Team is here with us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is specific to the quarter. We’ve, again, 
done sort of 4.5% to 5% growth quarter-on-quarter. Most of our 
peers that are focused on the transportation vertical listed in 
India seem to be doing sort of between 0% to 2% quarter-on-
quarter growth specific to the transportation vertical. So, just 
trying to understand consistently, what are the factors that are 
helping us perform slightly better than sort of the India-based 
peer group in the vertical? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes, Chandru, I think looking at the numbers, I guess you would 
agree that it is reasonably better than most of the other peers. 
And it is just by focusing on the strategy we have talked about. 
I guess the area of new technology, areas of deep relationship, 
trusted partnerships with the client. And of course, the 
substantial deal wins in the past as well as during the quarter. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
So, that really helps us to really deliver on these numbers. And 
we do believe that as Mr. Pandit mentioned, we are going to 
double down on our multiple offerings, which will help us to 
further get the benefit of the client spend in these areas. And 
that basically gives us confidence about this growth, which has 
happened in this quarter. I think it is roughly 5% CQGR actually 
going forward. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
That’s helpful. My second question is related to the deal 
wins this quarter. Congratulations on the $261 million of deal 
wins. I think over the past 6 quarters, we have had 2 quarters 
where deal wins have been in excess of $200 million. And in 
both those quarters, you had called out $100 million-plus mega 
deal wins. 
So, just trying to understand if we have sort of a mega deal win 
in the deal win announced this quarter? And if there’s any color 
on that, sort of which sort of vertical it’s from. Is it middleware? 
Is it core software integration? Any geographic color as well 
where you sourced that sort of deal, that would be very helpful. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, this is a pretty broad-based growth we are having in the 
deal wins, but if I were to talk about top two wins during the 
quarter, one is in from Asia, one is in from Europe. And both are 
significant. The Asia one is in the area of SDV and the Europe 
one is in the area of integration. So, both these deal wins are 
substantial, and it is in the area of the clients we work with and 
we basically furthering what we have been doing them into the 
next phase of SDV. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
That’s helpful. And my last question is just specific to 
the announcement you made on the margin guidance. So, 
congratulations to all the employees of the company. And just 
related to the ESOP cost, you mentioned that in FY’25, we could 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
have close to Rs. 100 crores of cost provision there. So, just 
trying to understand in FY’24 what that ESOP cost number 
would have been, just to try to sort of map the journey from 
FY’24 margin to FY’25 margin, if you were to adjust for that. 
Kishor Patil: 
It will be very minimal, maybe 10% of what it would be in FY25 
in terms of the incentives and the cost in the earlier year. So, 
it’s a substantial cost during this year we have committed to. 
Naturally, as you know, that we had given ESOPs during the 
COVID time actually. And those came to end, that was in this 
March. So, we have given the fresh round of ESOPs to key 
performers and the potential players who we expect to play a 
significant role in future. So, because it was at the end of the 
earlier cycle, it is minimal. It was, I would say, about 10% of this 
amount. 
S.B. (Ravi) Pandit: 
So, Chandru, this has been like a new scheme that we have 
announced in the framework that we had already decided. So, 
this really brings in a lot more newer people into the gamut of 
our ESOPs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Congratulations on a solid quarter, solid year, great 
guidance. So, a couple of things. So, one is from a guidance 
perspective, when we give a guidance, it’s based on the deals 
that we have already won. And are there some assumptions on 
certain wins you expect in the future for that guidance number? 
And second is how does the large deal pipeline look like? And 
are we baking in any of those, if any, into that? Just two broad 
things to start with. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
Kishor Patil: 
So, when we give the guidance, I think we look at naturally what 
is the business on hand. And of course, we look at our pipeline, 
and we have naturally categorization of the pipeline and where 
we believe that there is a substantial higher probability of 
building. Those are intact. That’s how we have done in terms of 
guidance. Naturally, it is not only based on what we have 
already in hand and what we have done, it takes into 
consideration high probability wins, and engagements we would 
have. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
And how does the large deal pipeline look at this point 
in time? And I think on the earlier question, on the deal wins 
for the current quarter, well, there were 2 significant deals. 
Would you classify it of the size that we won earlier of the $100 
million odd? Or it would be much smaller than that? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. I think these are significant deals, that I can tell you. But I 
think what we have said is our business is more based on 
continuing trusted and strategic engagement with the existing 
clients. Some of them really, they package it as a part of a large 
deal. Some don’t package it as a part of a large deal. In both 
these cases, it is our existing client and the current practices I 
mentioned about it. So, I would not like to give the numbers 
yet, but they are upwards of $ 50 million. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So, that’s helpful. The other thing is from I think we 
spoke about this last quarter as well on QORIX, right? So, this 
quarter, we were supposed to start out business thereafter 
regulatory approvals across countries. How is that going? And 
how should we think about that business from revenue and 
margin contribution? How should that flow through? And how 
has the experience been post start off of the business? 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
Kishor Patil: 
So, first thing is, right now, it is all part of KPIT. We are waiting 
for all the regulatory approvals. I mean everything has 
happened, so it should happen soon than later, but it is subject 
to regulatory approvals now. 
Now we are ultimately very close to the closure. So, the 
leadership team is in place. We already have hired all the COO, 
CTO, some key teams, engagement team, et cetera. On the 
product side, what is happening, maybe Anup Sable will share. 
Anup Sable: 
Yes. So, the product development, we have a road map. There 
is a milestone associated with this road map that we are 
delivering. We are on time on that. The engagement is going to 
happen global. So, in all the 3 geographies, that is Europe, Asia 
as well as in USA. And the current management team is 
focusing on those activities, even the product management 
team is in place. So, all things going fine, except for the 
regulatory parts now. 
Kishor Patil: 
And to your point, as we had mentioned basically, what it 
means is a significant key part of the technology will be with 
our clients, whoever adopts this. So, the work we expect in KPIT 
will be largely in the integration work for the platform. But it 
will take some time because I think the companies will source 
it and then we will get into the action. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Sure, very helpful. If I can just squeeze in one more. On 
the ESOP cost, how much would be the dilution from this and 
what is the vesting period? And after this Rs. 100 crores in year 
1, how should we look at year 2, just from this element actually? 
Priyamvada Hardikar: 
This is Priya. Dilution will be very minimal because we 
already had available shares in the trust for this scheme. It will 
be less than 0.2% for this kind of grant that we have announced. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
In terms of vesting period, it is our standard process of 3 years 
vesting period, and employees will have further period to 
exercise the same. In terms of the cost, as per the accounting 
standards and Black and Scholes model valuation, the 
maximum cost comes in the first year. We will see how the cost 
now tapers down in the second and third year subsequently. 
Kishor Patil: 
But there could be additional options we may give in the second 
round, though it may not be of the similar level, but some of 
the entities we have acquired and some of the key staff, we 
may still give next year to some extent. But difficult to predict, 
I think. We’ll say later part of the year, we may be in a position 
to give some idea. But it won’t be at this level for sure. 
S.B. (Ravi) Pandit: 
And even at the current level, it’s not a very significant dilution 
as far as the existing shareholders are concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, I remember last time, you were 
talking about engagement with 3 clients, one each in U.S., 
Europe and Asia. So, are these 2 deals which you have 
announced this time part of those 3 engagements that you were 
talking about? Or are these different clients? So, just some 
clarity on that. 
Kishor Patil: 
I think some of them are from that. I mean, as I said, we have 
a set number of clients. So, we are winning only a set number 
of clients. We are not going anywhere else. The only one thing 
I can tell you that a large part of our growth has been in the 
diamond accounts. Until now, the large part of our growth has 
been driven by diamond accounts. Now we are focusing on 
platinum and gold accounts also to expand further, because 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
there is a right opportunity for them to engage with them more 
meaningfully. So, some of these clients are from that set of 
clients. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
And secondly, just going back to the ESOP cost, I understand 
that typically, first year costs are way higher. But any broad 
sense of whether are we taking 50% or 60% of the cost in year 
1, because the vesting is just 3 years and typically for other 
companies we have been vesting over 5 to 6 years. So, I just 
want to get a sense what should we assume for FY’26? May be 
rough sense will be helpful. 
Priyamvada Hardikar: 
Around 60% is generally the cost that comes in first year, 
but we are still in the process of actually calculating it, but that 
is how generally it pans out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Couple of questions. Firstly, from a longer-term perspective, 
let’s say, over the next 3 years, this year is likely to be the peak 
year of R&D spend for all the European OEMs. And from next 
year, it’s likely to be flat. So, I was curious, how do you guys 
relate your growth? Is it largely driven by increase in 
outsourcing and offshoring? Or do you guys worry about the 
absolute growth in R&D spend in your clients? That is one. 
And related to that, over the next 5 years, let’s say, you have to 
be $2 billion, can it happen with the existing client base itself? 
Or at some point, you will have to open up and go for Tier-1 
suppliers and some of the adjacent areas? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, first thing is we are not seeing that and all the reports at 
least don’t say that the R&D growth will be flattish. It will 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
continue to grow. I have in the past explained that there are 2 
buckets of the R&D or engineering spend, actually, if you should 
call it more appropriately. 
There is one on the areas of future which are like SDV and plus, 
plus, plus. Also the different business models, the after-sales 
transformation and many such areas or safety, security, those 
areas. And the next one is about the number of programs they 
have been doing over the last many years, the last 12 years, if 
those programs are like. So, as the days pass by, they are 
cutting down and bringing the efficiency on the old programs 
and continue to invest on the future. So, that is the part. And 
KPIT is, I mean, significantly focused on the future spend area, 
future technology area. So, from that perspective, we do not 
see that. 
The other part is there are multiple opportunities in this area, 
which is in terms of cost cut, if I had to call it out, kind of a 
thing people are looking at reducing the supply chain, revisiting 
the supply chain to reduce the cost or different areas in terms 
of manufacturing. And so two things. First is we are looking at 
new practices, as I mentioned, which is companies we will 
invest and we are, of course, looking at them or already invested 
into many of them. That is point number 1. 
Point #2, as we talk about the Tier-1 suppliers, there is a 
separation of hardware and software, which clients are looking 
at. And that ownership of software will come to really a pure-
play software integrator like KPIT, not to any generic software 
integrator, which can own the whole program. And that is 
something ‘we have done in the past already in a few areas, and 
we see that also as a big area. 
Anup, you have anything to add. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
Anup Sable: 
Yes. If you look at the new generation and what needs to be 
achieved in the new generation, it’s that large part of the 
changes in the passenger vehicle experience of the consumer, 
is going to be through software. For that reason, the 
architecture is going to change. For that reason, a change in the 
ownership of the software in terms of the OEM owning most of 
the software. And for that same reason, there is going to be a 
change in the dynamics of how the OEM wants to work with 
their own teams, how the OEM wants to work with the Tier-1s 
and how the OEM wants to work with very, very specialist 
integrators, software integrators like KPIT, and we believe that 
this year, we are already experiencing this. And going forward, 
there is going to be more and more such shift happening for 
which we are very well positioned. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
This is helpful. But in your long-term planning, let’s say, 3 years, 
do you do assume growth in the engineering spend in your 
clients? You’re not expecting a flattish R&D spend? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. So, we are seeing still significant growth from our current 
client. But as Mr. Pandit mentioned, so first, we are looking at 
also scaling up of our, I mean our current customers, our 
diamond clients will continue to grow. That is the point number 
1. 
Number 2, we are also expecting a higher growth from platinum 
and gold accounts, which, if I have to say, have been a bit late 
in rolling out some of these technology and programs. So, that 
is the second. 
Third is we are also looking at adjacencies, which very much 
would use what we have been providing, the same practices, 
but naturally different use cases for in case of industrial farm 
equipment sector. So, that is another one. Last but not the 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
least, I’ve added that in our T25, we had minimal set of clients 
from India, China, which we will pursue. So, this is how we 
intend to do it for the next 3 years. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
And then another quick one, in ‘25 next year, there are big 
emissions impending in Europe. And usually, a year before that, 
there is a lot of work around validation in some of these areas. 
Is that an area of KPIT that gets business and some of the 
tailwinds on revenue? 
Anup Sable: 
So, from an automotive cycle perspective, this is a standard 
operating procedure. Yearly programs and yearly activities keep 
on happening when we have relationships with our customers 
that work obviously comes to us in terms of making whatever 
changes are required. So, while we are pursuing with our SDV 
and new technology areas, these continuous changes work on 
the existing programs also keeps on happening and we keep on 
doing it. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Just lastly, in case you guys can confirm, the Renault deal you 
mentioned on the presentation. Is it more around ampere or 
horse side of the business? 
S.B. (Ravi) Pandit: 
We prefer not to discuss more details with individual customer 
account.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest 
Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Congrats on the good set of numbers. My question is on the 
QORIX side. Like last time, you mentioned it will take 1.5 months 
to get all the regulatory clearances. So, now what is the exact 
status, how much time it is still going to take? And what is the 
exact hurdle that we are facing in not getting that? 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
Priyamvada Hardikar: 
So, we expect that it will be done very soon as Mr. Patil 
mentioned, most likely in the current quarter, that is April to 
June. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So, what are the exact hurdles, actually? I want to know that 
thing. 
Priyamvada Hardikar: 
Yes, multiple regulatory hurdles, because the joint 
venture is based out of Germany, so Germany jurisdiction 
regulatory compliances. Since the JV partner is KPIT India, so 
we had to go through the Indian legislative compliance also. 
There are quite a few, FEMA, RBI, in terms of merger control. 
So, significant amounts of legal compliance. 
Kishor Patil: 
And we have gone through merger control for 6 countries. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So, in this quarter, it is likely to be there, right? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And secondly, sir, like there is a news regarding the formation 
of JV between Tata Technologies and the BMW. So, how is it 
going to impact KPIT’s existing partnership with BMW? Are there 
any potential risks of market share loss or any missed 
opportunities for KPIT due to this collaboration? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. I think the people who have been following us properly, we 
have been explaining this, because similar question came in 
case of Honda, there was one relationship. I would again explain 
and please try and understand this, because there may be more 
also like this. See, every client, every OEM plans 30% to 50% for 
engineering spend internally, so as a captive in the sense of 
locally. And there is always 50% to 70% which it outsources to 
specialist player. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
Now when they have to do this like a 30% to 50% spend 
internally, there are multiple ways in which they build. They 
build locally where there is, as you know, the talent availability 
an issue, then they go into multiple geographical areas. And 
they try to build it in a different model. Some cases, it is build, 
operate, transfer. In some cases, control JV and that kind of a 
thing. 
Now for example, in case of BMW, they already have 4 JVs, one 
in South Africa, one in Portugal, one is in China, one is in India. 
So, these are basically to build their own centers. So, we focus 
on the high-end specific outsourcing opportunities. So, that 
does not get impacted. And also, most of these are also in IT 
and in this specific case, IT plus engineering R&D. We are not 
involved into IT. So, anyway, this would not impact our share of 
spend, which is more in the outsourced bucket. 
Garvit Goyal: 
That’s fine, sir. And sir, in light of the Hyundai’s recent 
announcement of the software-defined everything strategy, so 
that is similar to KPIT’s software development expertise for 
OEMs. So, could you share any ongoing discussions on the 
potential negotiations with Hyundai for future collaborations, 
akin to those like we have for Renault and Honda? 
Kishor Patil: 
So, we would not like to comment on that. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And sir, one more question, last. We guided for 18% to 22% kind 
of organic growth for this year. So, are we currently looking for 
any inorganic opportunity that will make up for further growth 
in another 25%? 
Kishor Patil: 
I mean, yes, I talked about the areas of opportunity. We look at 
it, whether it is in terms of new practice areas, new technology 
areas or new geographies. So, we will continue to look at the 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
right one. As you always know that we don’t look at any 
acquisition for pure growth or client access because we are very 
confident or we have an access to all the clients. 
Second, we have a very strong positioning in terms of most of 
the offerings. So, only in case where we believe that there is a 
strategic value proposition, either because of the talent or 
because of a certain technology or limited access to protected 
market, then we would go for it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Uppal from 
PhillipCapital India. Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Congratulations on very consistent execution. So, 2 questions 
from my side. Firstly, on the spending. So, incrementally, 
amongst the various areas like SDV, middleware, electric power 
train, autonomous and connected, which are 1 or 2 areas which 
are driving the lion’s share in terms of the incremental spending 
from OEMs? Or do you think it is pretty broad based in nature? 
Anup Sable: 
I will explain why the changes are happening and then the 
answer will be there. So, if you look at the changes in the 
architecture and the centralization of the architecture, in the 
wave of the OEM wanting to take control of the software, 
because the changes have to be made faster to the software to 
respond to the consumer requirements. 
If you look at this change that is happening, this is driving 
fundamentally all the domain areas to come together. So, it’s 
very difficult now to see which domain is which feature. So, if 
you look at any car feature, you’ll start seeing that it is actually 
integrated with each other. And that is why all of these broad-
based development and growth will be happening now. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
Karan Uppal: 
Got it. Second is on the competitive intensity. So, we have 
recently seen Tier-1 IT services players acquiring Germany-
based auto R&D companies. So, does that in any way increase 
the competitive intensity which may affect us in medium term? 
Kishor Patil: 
Yes. And total spend is $ 70 billion R&D. And actually, 
outsourcing, there is an increase in the trend by these people. 
So, if these companies buy another service provider, I will say, 
naturally, there is a reason for these companies to capture 
some part. But we are very confident in the areas which we are 
in the new technology in which people are investing, will 
continue to have adequate spend. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, sir. And just one more question in terms of the split of 
business with OEMs versus Tier-1s, would you like to give what’s 
the split of yours? 
Kishor Patil: 
I mean our whole strategy is about OEM. And the Tier-1 who are 
a part of providing a solution to the OEMs, so as I always said, 
so we look at OEM as the end customer and then we work with 
the clients who basically service the OEMs. But very significant 
part of our direct revenue is from OEM. And in most of the cases 
where we work with Tier-1, it is because of the OEM direction 
to the Tier-1 to work with KPIT. 
Karan Uppal: 
And just last is on the supply side. So, given that most of your 
pure-play R&D players as well as Tier-1 IT services vendors are 
getting aggressive in auto R&D given the growth in this market. 
So, does that in any way impact us in terms of talent 
management, in terms of attracting freshers, laterals as well as 
retaining the top performers. You spoke about the ESOP 
scheme, but anything further on this? 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
Kishor Patil: 
I mean number 1 is very few companies are hiring right now 
during this year for campuses. So, we are fortunate to have a 
really top talent, better talent than what we had in the past. 
So, that is 1 part. Certainly, there are these captive centers 
which are coming up and which will have some fresher hiring 
or certain type of talent hiring at some level. But I mean 
wherever we are working with the client, client is also cognizant 
of the fact that ultimately, otherwise it can impact its own 
projects. So, we don’t see any significant impact in most of the 
cases in that part. 
And our attrition, as Mr. Pandit mentioned, is in the single digit 
currently. So, it may go up by a couple of points is what we 
factored in our planning. But we do believe that the excitement 
of working with a leader in this area, the respect we get from 
the client, the thought leadership which we have, the exciting 
technologies and the clients they work on and a variety of 
projects they work with is unmatched elsewhere. And the last, 
but not the least, as we talked about, the best place to grow, 
this is a more attractive proposition as compared to most of 
the clients. And we have a very significant part of the talent 
coming back from the past employees every year. So, we are in 
a good shape on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM 
FL. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Maybe just 1 
question on the top 25. I just wanted to understand how you 
define your diamond, gold, platinum clients. Is it the R&D spend 
that they have? Or is it the vintage of our relationship with these 
accounts? That’s the first question. And then I have a follow-
up. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
Kishor Patil: 
Sachin, are you on the call? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
This is Sachin. It’s a combination of 5 factors, the 2 that you 
mentioned. So, essentially, where are they in the ecosystem? 
What is their standing? What is their overall spend? What is our 
relationship with them? What is our potential for headroom to 
grow as a strategic partner? And of course, over the next 3 
years, what kind of revenues we can expect from them? 
So, it depends on these. It’s a combination of these factors that 
make up the T25 that consists of the diamond, platinum and 
gold accounts. So, there are about 7 or 8 of them in each 
category. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
So, the next question is, let’s say, in our penetration the 
diamond client is extended. Where would be that penetration 
in some of the other categories? And what will it take for us to 
bring that penetration up to where diamond clients are? 
Sachin Tikekar: 
As Mr. Patil was saying, over the last 2 years, the bulk of our 
growth has been through the diamond clients. And some of 
them will continue to grow for us for years to come. However, 
there is now an opportunity for us to create the same kind of 
headroom and deliver the same kind of value to some of the 
platinum and gold accounts. So, the headroom is different from 
client to client based on their strategy and our ability to create 
value for them. But across gold and platinum, there is quite a 
bit of headroom for us to cover. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
So, essentially, with the same set of clients, we should be able 
to sustain a 20% plus kind of growth for possible near future 
future? 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
Sachin Tikekar: 
That’s the plan. And as you would imagine, there is always a 
10%, 12% sort of turnover within that. It’s not a stagnant list. 
About 10% of the clients, maybe 2 or 3 change every year, but 
the bulk of them remain the same. So, we add maybe 2 or 3 
every year. As our business mix changes, it also changes. Mr. 
Patil mentioned earlier on that the last 3 or 4 years, most of the 
business growth has actually happened on the back of OEMs. 
So, some of the Tier-1s and all of those have dropped off from 
the list and more and more OEMs have come as part of the T25. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from 
Alchemy Capital Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Congratulations on a very strong quarter yet again. Sir, the first 
question is on this slightly macro-level question. The current 
pivot that we are seeing, slight pivot that we are seeing to 
hybrids, do you see the same intensity and rigor from the OEMs 
who are looking to develop hybrid models and the Tier-1s as 
well? Do you see the same intensity and rigor on software 
spending from them as well as compared to EVs? 
Kishor Patil: 
Let me just answer that question. Number one, there will not 
be one solution which companies will go for. So, there will be 
battery electric, there will be hybrids and there will be a few 
other parts like fuel cell, et cetera, so that will continue to add. 
So, companies will have multiple models and technology in 
their electrification journey. That is point number one. 
Everything has its own purpose and a different market segment. 
I mean, if you look at one of the matured countries like China, 
their BEV sales are very high, but hybrid sales are also much 
more than that. And one of the reasons has been the charging 
infrastructure in the rural areas. So, one is the charging 
infrastructure and the mindset about the consumers there. So, 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
that’s what has happened. Now if you go to somebody like 
Toyota, their mindset is very different. They look at how much, 
if I have to say, they can create a sustainable solution by given 
limited raw material. So, for every BEV, their view is they will 
create 7 or 8 hybrids. So, every company comes with its own 
thinking and there are different mindsets. 
But one thing is for sure, so there is no one product, there are 
multiple products which will come in the market. Europeans 
have completely focused on battery electric, same is in U.S. 
Now they have realized that they have to also look into the 
other parts. As with KPIT, I mean they will continue to focus in 
terms of electrification. So, that is there. And any new areas, 
which is hybrid or anything, they are actually more complex in 
terms of technology and integration. And we have expertise and 
ability to do those. 
S.B. (Ravi) Pandit: 
So, now coming to your question whether there is going to be 
more spend on R&D when it comes to hybrid vis-a-vis full 
electric. See, there are some spends which come in when it 
comes to hybrid and some that go out. So, typically, as you 
know, in the case of a hybrid, you have both an IC engine as 
well as a battery. So, the integration of the two, the switching 
of the power from one to the other is something which is unique 
as far as the hybrid is concerned. 
When it comes to the battery electric, there is more investment 
on how you do charging. Because typically, in the case of 
hybrids, the charging is on account of regenerative charging. So, 
there are different areas in which the spend happens in terms 
of R&D. We don’t expect to see any significant drop in R&D 
spend when the movement is from full battery electric vehicles 
to a hybrid electric vehicle. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
Vimal Gohil: 
Sir, lastly, just briefly, you spoke about China, and we’re wanting 
to sort of explore that market. What are the kind of investments 
that we are looking to make? When I say that, what I am looking 
for is what is the approach that we will have? Are we going to 
approach this market very differently? Because the cost basis 
over there is very different to the clients that we’ve been 
working with. So, if you can just highlight your approach over 
there. 
Kishor Patil: 
So, at a high level, we are only in the phase where we are 
crystallizing the strategy. And as we will have some specific 
details to share, in the due course of this year, we will share. 
But two things we are looking at, Chinese OEM in China, Chinese 
OEM for global markets, global OEMs in China at a high level. 
And we will have multiple strategies to address a different set 
of OEMs, which are more advanced, which are catching up, 
differently. So, we are just going deeper into the market, 
strategizing that, and we will share more details. 
Just to tell you that we have been working with the local 
companies for some years we have had a small team for a long 
time. We had a presence in the past but as you know, due to 
COVID, we could not do much during that time. So, now we are 
revisiting the whole go-to-market. Also, the fact that Technica 
had a presence in China and has certain offerings which are in 
China would help. But we will come on the specifics later. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sunil Phansalkar for closing comments. 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Thank you, everybody, for your participation on the call. And if 
you still have any questions, please feel free to write to me, and 
we will be very happy to get back to you. So, thank you, and 
have a great evening ahead. 

 
KPIT Technologies Limited 
April 29, 2024 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
Kishor Patil: 
Thank you. 
S.B. (Ravi) Pandit: 
Thank you. 
Anup Sable: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
