To 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra 
- Kurla Complex 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540403, Scrip Symbol: CLEDUCATE 
ISIN: INE201M01029 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Earnings Call pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Ma’am/Sir(s), 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to our disclosures dated May 03, 2024, and May 09, 2024, 
please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings call held on May 09, 2024, with the Analysts 
/ 
Investors. 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.cleducate.com. 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
Thanking You 
For CL Educate Limited 
Arjun Wadhwa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Place: New Delhi 
Date: May 15, 2024 
© www.cleducate.com 
CL Educate Limited 
@ compliance@cleducate.com 
Registered & Corporate Office 
: A-45, First Floor, 
@ +91-11-41281100/0800 = +91-11-41281101 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi — 110044 
CIN: L74899DL1996PLC425162 
ARJUN 
WADHWA
Digitally signed by 
ARJUN WADHWA 
Date: 2024.05.15 
15:29:47 +05'30'

 
“CL Educate Limited Q4 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 09, 2024 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan – Executive Director & Group CEO, Enterprise Business, CL Educate Limited 
Mr.Arjun Wadhwa – CFO, CL Educate Limited 
 
 
 
 
Earnings Call Link: CL Earnings Conference Call Q4 FY24 
 
 
Results Link: 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Results – Q4 FY24  
Standalone Results – Q4 FY24 
 
 
 
Investor Presentation: CL Investor Presentation Q4 FY24 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
 
 
 
CL Educate Limited: Earnings Conference Call – Q4 FY 2024 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Good Afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to CL Educate Limited's Q4 
FY24 Analyst Call. My name is Arjun Wadhwa. I'm the CFO of CL Educate and I’ll be your host today. 
Welcome again to our homegrown Metaverse platform called VOSMOS. By now I'm sure everyone is 
familiar and comfortable with it. We've been using it for the last couple of years now for our investor 
and analyst calls. This call as always will be recorded, transcribed and made available in the investor 
zone on our website within the next 48 hours. Should you have any questions during the course of our 
session please type them in the chat box at the bottom right hand corner of your screen, we will 
address them at the end of the session.  
 
Joining me today on this conference call is Mr. Nikhil Mahajan, our Executive Director and Group CEO. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Satya Narayanan, our Chairman, cannot be with us today he's got a touch of the 
flu. I'd like Nikhil to spend some time walking us through the financials and the business updates 
following which we would be happy to take your questions.  
 
Nikhil over to you.  
 
One more request to everyone is if you could please make your screens to full screen mode; that way 
you'll be able to see the presentation a little bit better. 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: Good afternoon everybody, let me give you a brief overview on the year. The 
overall year has been a good year which has shown that things are more or less back to normal after a 
severe downturn which the business, especially ours, faced during the COVID years. So this year we 
have seen our revenues grow by 12% over last year from Rs.297 crores to over Rs.332 crores. The 
growth rate of 12% is more or less in line with what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year; 
though we are hoping to grow by at least 1-2% points more than what we achieved. Our EBITDA has 
grown by 18% during the same period. So basically due to the margin expansion the EBITDA increase in 
absolute terms is outpacing the revenue growth and we expect this trend to continue in the years to 
come. Our PBT has grown by about 12% and our business PAT has grown again by 12%. I just want to 
bring attention to everybody, last year we had we had an exceptional one-time reversal of deferred tax 
of Rs.7 crores which was added to our net taxation. So our net taxation was a negative of Rs.4 crores 
last year. Compared to this year our net taxation is Rs.6 crores so basically there is a Rs.10 crore 
movement from last year to this year on the taxation part and that has on absolute terms might seem 
to indicate a lower PAT, but net of that one-time deferred tax adjustment our path has grown by about 
12% this year. This year also has been a year of significant investments in terms of hiring and expanding 
our business leadership not only in our EdTech business but also in our MarTech business as well as 
expanding internationally into newer geographies especially Indonesia and the US, where we restarted 
our operations last year with me relocating to the US to give a greater push to our international 
operations. We expect that in the coming years our international expansion will continue to drive an 
accelerated revenue growth as well as a margin expansion. Our cash position currently seems to be 
pretty healthy despite a Rs.10crore buyback which we affected during the year. Our gross cash has 
increased by about Rs.6 crores from Rs.109 to Rs.115 crores and our net cash, though, has decreased 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
post buyback from Rs.99 Rs.95 crores. Our borrowings have increased but that is predominantly 
towards the year end there were large chunks of big projects under way at execution and some of the 
vendor payments have to be taken care of towards the end of the year. Our borrowings also increased 
due to the consolidation of 361Degree Minds Consulting Pvt. Ltd.(“361 DM) in which we increased our 
share from 11%-39% in February 2024 and now post the second phase of the transaction we are now 
close to 54%. As a result of effective management control and board control the consolidation of 
financials resulted in overall borrowing increase of Rs.2.2 crores. 
 
Let me spend some time on the segment wise business update. As shared earlier our revenues 
expanded by 12%. Our EBITDA expanded by 18%. The EBITDA and revenue expansion in EdTech and 
MarTech followed slightly different trends. In EdTech our revenue expansion was 16% while the EBITDA 
expansion was about 13%. MarTech showed a highly divergent trend, with revenue expanding by about 
6% but margin expanding by a healthy 29% which was predominantly driven by two parameters- one 
being the pivoting of the revenue mix to higher margin business thereby effectively increaseing our 
gross margin and hence the follow-through into the business EBITDA. Second a rapid expansion in our 
international business portfolio in Singapore, Indonesia, and the US where we grew by about 35% 
where the margins are significantly higher than the Indian operations, so that the combination of these 
two factors have resulted in a EBITDA increase by about 29%.  
 
I'll spend some time on a broad business-wise update. Let me come to test-prep first. FY24 we saw our 
volume expansion by about 10% in terms of enrollment and the billing also has increased by 10% that 
would basically mean more or less consistent or constant average realization per student. However, in 
different product segments we saw different measures where in some product segments saw ARPU 
expansion and in certain product segments in our endeavor to increase volumes there were price 
rationalizations which are undertaken which broadly brought up a flattish ARPU. However, going 
forward we are reasonably confident of a 3-5% ARPU expansion in the current fiscal year. Our MBA 
volumes have increased, the billing has increased by 11%. In the UG segment our billing increased by 
9%, enrollments were up 19% with IPM and BBA showing a significant expansion. Law numbers declined 
predominantly because of the change in the testing calendar, earlier the exam used to happen in the 
month of May, however, the last two times the exam has now moved to December which resulted in the 
total number of test-takers declining by close to 30% because lots of grade 12 students felt that they 
would not be able to effectively compete in after adequate preparation if they were to write the exam in 
December. So a lot of students who would have written the examination, if exam was to be held in May 
actually chose not to write and hence did not probably come forward for some kind of preparation. 
Over the last 6 - 9 months we have undertaken significant leadership bandwidth enhancement in the 
test prep team and those will start reflecting in terms of higher business in the coming fiscal year. Just 
to add the new centers which were added was the number was 25 and we expect somewhere between 
30 to 40 new centers to go live in the current fiscal year. Now the other part of our business which is 
basically either platform monetization or institutional business and the publishing business. Our 
platform business increased by over 42% with a very healthy 70 new client addition. We launched a new 
addition of Common Application Form which I had updated in our last investor call. So, in the first 4 
months between November and when we launched the platform till March end, we have on boarded 40 
institutions and during this period about 3,000+ forms were sold. We are extremely positive about the 
direction this new initiative will take in the coming years and we are expecting a multiple fold increase 
in the revenues through form sales through the platform. On the publishing business it's been a steady 
business. Publishing revenues increased by over 19%, there was a significant margin expansion because 
of moderation in paper prices. As I shared about 12 months ago paper prices had hit the roof but they 
have now cooled down by about 25% in the last 6 - 9 months, have been pretty stable in the last 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
quarter and we expect that the price stability will hold and the enhanced margin should only get better 
in the new season because of price hikes which we will go through within certain select title segments. 
Our online sales through our own channel has been increasing sequentially quarter on quarter, and now 
roughly around 40% of our sales comes through online platforms, whether through portals like 
Amazon, Flipkart, Meesho, etc. or through our own product sale website over the last couple of years. 
Post-COVID, we pivoted significantly from retail and distribution channel led to a B2B and institutional 
model and we are now going deeper and deeper via that model. The distribution led sales have now 
declined to just about 15% to 20% of our total sales with online and B2B, and institutional sales 
accounting for closer to 80%. And we expect that this percentage will not increase marginally in the 
coming years. 
  
Now a brief update on the MarTech business, the business increased by about 10%. The growth in total 
revenue was about 10%. We had 56 new clients as compared to the last year, there was a significant 
enhancement in EBITDA predominantly driven by a positive change in the revenue mix towards higher 
margin businesses and also a larger chunk of revenue getting contributed from international markets 
predominantly Singapore, Indonesia and the US where the gross margins are significantly higher and 
better and we are able to cross-leverage lower cost from of delivery from India. Certain sectors where 
we had some of our prime customers, the marketing spends have been muted because of overall 
environmental factors especially in IT and FMCG as you might be aware IT sector has been going 
through a lean expansion phase & FMCG has seen flattish volume expansion so their marketing spends 
through us have been slightly on the downward side but that has been more or less balanced out by 
addition of some of the new notable clients like SBI, Nike, Deloitte, Hewlett Packard, etc. We continue to 
add new customers and we expect going forward the customers which were added last year will 
contribute about 10 to 15% of the revenue in the coming year and will continue to expand customer 
base in the current year. 
 
There is a brief snapshot I will want to share, we have been focusing on our international expansion for 
the last couple of years and so if you look at our international revenues, they have grown by about 32% 
in the year gone by, the MarTech revenue increase internationally has been 34% and in the EdTech 
segment that revenue expansion has been about 28%. Indonesia and US have contributed to 50% of 
the growth internationally in the MarTech business and we expect that these two markets will 
contribute significantly in the next couple of years. In our international revenue expansion in the EdTech 
side, we have started, as I shared in a last couple of conversations, we have started direct university 
partnership tie-ups. We are currently in the process of running a pilot program with seven top US 
universities and we expect more and more direct partnerships to come our way in the next two years. 
Our premium admission consultancy business grew by about 58% over the previous year and business 
in the Middle East has been growing steadily with a 20% volume expansion and a 16% billing 
expansion. We currently have 6 locations operational there and we are looking to double that number 
in the next 12 months. We are extremely positive that our international business will continue to grow 
much faster in pace as compared to India business at a much faster pace.  
 
I think with that I come to an end of the presentation we'll be happy to take any questions. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Nikhil. I don't see any questions yet on my board so we'll just wait a couple of 
minutes to see if anyone has any specific queries. Also I'll just pause a minute and leave our contact 
numbers on the screen in case you need to get in touch with me that's my email ID and my phone 
number. My colleague Amit, who is an integral part of our finance team and has been with us for more 
than 10 years, is also mentioned there so you can write in to either of us or to our IR team at Wisdom IR  

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
and we'd be happy to come back to you. 
 
There's a couple of questions here so far Nikhil, the first question is what are the potential revenues that 
we lost due to the change in the law examination and can we regain them in FY 25? And then there are 
more questions in other domains. 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: See due to the change in the academic calendar of the test, the number of test 
takers has declined by about 30%, As a, market leader in this segment, we have increased our focus on 
the outreach. We are going into more and more schools talking about law as a career, how attractive it 
is. So while it might take a couple of years for the test takers to come back, there is also a campaign 
independently running requesting the consortium to probably move back the exam back to the April-
May season. But keeping that possibility aside we expect that the number of test takers will go 
backwards to the original numbers in a couple of years and CL being a market leader a large chunk of 
that increased test taker segment will proportionately come to us and our enhanced marketing spend, 
enhanced student connect, and enhanced penetration in the schools will help us increase our market 
share and hence increase our law volumes in the coming couple of years 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: And you know just to add to that from a total revenue perspective this year compared 
to last year our law numbers in terms of total billing was actually flat despite the decrease in the 
number of students who enrolled so we managed to maintain similar revenues to where we were last 
year but yeah we are about Rs.8-10 crores short of where we would like to be and where we were in the 
pre-COVID years before the law market was impacted, but as Nikhil said we see this as a temporary 
phenomenon and we hope that things will return to some semblance of normalcy in the months ahead. 
There are a few more questions now related to student growth in CUET our numbers so just I see a lot 
of questions on number of enrollments growth in numbers, number of students in category A versus 
category B. Just to share with you, from an overall perspective we are one of the very few listed entities 
who operate in the test prep space and the data that you seek is predominantly competitive 
intelligence and we are a little wary of making that so easily available on a call of this nature. For our 
competitors we have to work hard to get information on market share and how much our competitors 
grow on a year-on-year basis so we're a little wary of making those kind of numbers available from a 
specificity perspective but what we're happy to share, you know, is how we grow from on a general 
perspective without getting into specific numbers. So from a CUET perspective we'd be happy to share 
that we have increased our student numbers by close to about 50%. Our focus in CUET specifically this 
year was to see if we could focus on growing market share rather than necessarily focus on growing 
revenues, and to see how much we could push the envelope in terms of getting more students to 
enroll. CUET, as you're all aware, is still at a very nascent stage of its introduction. The exam is practically 
brand new and it is also at a stage where the exam is exceptionally easy because of the nature of the 
exam. Right now, coaching is not really necessary for you to clear the subject domains, so people tend 
to join coaching more for the English preparation and for the GT, which is the general aptitude test, so 
we've seen a significant growth in in numbers across those segments. We've done this in some cities at 
the cost of ARPU, as Nikhil mentioned, with a specific focus on growing numbers. So our CUET student 
growth was in the range of about 50%. There are more questions in terms of how many students have 
enrolled with us this year, just to share it our numbers would be in the 75 to 85 thousand range and as I 
said we'll stick to sharing ranges rather than going into specifics.  
 
There are questions about our CUET and our international business revenues, this year those will be in 
the Rs.18 to 25 crore range. Again, we're not getting into specifics but just to go into some sort of a 
numbers so that you have an idea about the same.  

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
 
There are a few more questions; we recently transferred our Africa subsidiary to our Singapore 
subsidiary was that done as a precursor to a de-merger?  
No Rahul, when we have plans to share any specifics about a de-merger we'll go into those details in 
due course. Right now the objective was very simple, our Africa business focuses specifically on the 
education side of our business with an emphasis on growing Africa as a continent for us. We've got a 
couple of centers that we've partnered with, a couple of locations in Kenya, we're exploring Tanzania as 
a market, we're looking at Nigeria where we've got a first partner center as well so the CL Africa 
business owns that side of the business and so we've set up a second subsidiary in Singapore, a CL 
subsidiary. The original subsidiary that used to exist in Singapore was a Kestone subsidiary. So to ensure 
that there is specific focus both on the EdTech and the MarTech business driven through two different 
domains and two different streams, the Africa business was transferred from the Kestone Singapore 
subsidiary to the CL Singapore subsidiary and we will continue to manage our test prep and our EdTech 
growth ambitions through the Singapore subsidiary for our international market growth.  
 
Akshat is asking have you closed any centers this year. 
Yes Akshat, we have. As it is a part of every business there will always be numbers added and numbers 
which will reduce and also there will be renewals of contracts so just to share with you, Akshat of 
course, you've been around here for a long time you've attended a number of calls but for those of you 
who haven't, typically our centers are on a 3-year contract with us and every three years they go 
through a renewal process. So we've had a bunch of renewals, a few exits, and you know and about 25 
new additions. So just to give you an estimate, that number would have been about between renewals 
and additions that number would have been in the 40 to 50 range and another you know 10-15 would 
have shut over the course of this year.  
 
As the buyback could not be completed is the company looking for any other avenues to reward the 
shareholders?  
Nikhil would you like to pick this question up? 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: We are always at the lookout for maximization of shareholder wealth. As and 
when any corporate action is deemed appropriate from a shareholder perspective we discuss during 
our Board Meeting every time and as and when the board takes a final decision, the decision will be 
communicated and shared. At this point of time, no specific action has been decided and we'll keep you 
posted as and when any final decision does take place. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Nikhil there are few more questions that I'll throw at you. There are queries about the 
revenue breakup in the MarTech segment between physical and virtual for FY24 from Ishan and while I 
have you for a minute on Kestone there's a question of Akshat on the MarTech profitability in this 
quarter, how it has varied, and what has been the impacts on the MarTech business this quarter 
specifically. 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: See let me answer the first question first, the total virtual revenue to both the 
virtual events platform and some bits of meta commerce of transformations into 3d environment would 
be in the currently the range of 6 to 7% of the total revenue, going forward we see this percentage 
increasing marginally every year by 1-2% points of the total revenue and we are hoping to hit that in 3 
to 5 years. 20% of over total revenue comes from the technology enabled business and the remaining 
80% to come from the physical events and the current other services. So as of now as I said 6 to 7% is 
what comes from the virtual events technology business.  

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
 
What was the second question Arjun? The profitability in Q4.  
The Gross Margins of most of our businesses in the MarTech side are more or less stable. However, 
there are different cycles which this business follows because in East Asia, especially Singapore and 
Indonesia, to some extent you have the Chinese New Year which shuts down that part of the world for 
about 4 weeks. Indonesia went through elections so there was a large period of hiatus in business. So 
Q4 in certain terms was slightly muted. However, the opening for the current fiscal year has been 
reasonably strong usually because different multinationals in different geographies have different year 
endings. At the start of the new fiscal, their budgets get released at different points of time. Usually our 
best quarters are Q2 and Q3 with Q1 and Q4 being slightly muted, since they contribute larger chunk of 
revenues hence the profitability. Broadly there were some one-time adjustments of older projects etc. 
older costs which we closed which flowed in from Q3 and into Q4 and hence there was slight mutation 
of profitability in Q4 but overall I think we are on track to maintain a 10½  - 11%, a bit on that business 
going forward at least in the coming year. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Nikhil, while I have you, Sameer is asking what are our plans to use the Rs.100 crores 
cash that we have and if there are any M&A opportunities being identified right now? 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: Yes, we are always on the outlook of inorganic opportunities, both, in the EdTech, 
MarTech, and associated areas. Right now there are initial discussions which are evaluations of 
opportunities happening if and when we take a final decision, and we get the board approval to 
proceed forward we will come back and share. Till then, we are happy to have that cash in our books, 
kept securely in fixed deposits. There are active opportunities both in EdTech as well as MarTech space 
being evaluated and we are hopeful that something would come through in the next 2 to 4 quarters. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Nikhil. I'll take the next set of questions there are a whole bunch of questions 
on our ARPUs and why they don't match with our fees numbers that are listed on our website. Just to 
give you a little bit of context, in terms of how our products are priced. We operate across three 
segments there's the premium segment, which includes classroom programs, there's the pouch 
segment, which is a more like a middle category segment where products are priced between Rs.1000 
and 9000. The premium segment is typically Rs.9 to 10 thousand plus, and then there's the sachet 
segment, which is sub Rs.1000. So we operate across all these segments, we compete with players 
across all these segments whether it's through a test series program or an interview GD prep, 
Personality Development Program or you know whether it's someone who's operating only in the 
material space or the video program space so that is what impacts the ARPU. It also gives us 
significantly greater number of enrollments and helps us improve our market share and complete 
across multiple levels. I hope that answers your query on why our ARPUs are different and not matching 
with our different fees quantum?  
 
There are specific questions on how does our how does the CapEx work for our business? 
Specifically, just to share on the EdTech side, we largely work on a negative CapEx kind of model. We 
haven't added any physical new study centers for our own offline business at all over the last couple of 
years. We've predominantly focused on adding more franchisee locations and the franchisee business 
works on the franchisee giving a product license fee and a brand license fee. So the brand license fee is 
to put up the Career Launcher board outside the center and a product license fee is for the specifics in 
terms of the whether you're going to run an MBA program or a CUET program or a law program and so 
on and so forth. So we predominantly work on a negative CapEx model as far as our core test prep 
business goes. Where we do continue to make investments are three specific areas, we invest in 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
product, we invest in people, and we invest in technology and our investments in product and 
technology especially and in content development in our test prep business and in the Metaverse, in 
the Vosmos, on the technology platforms that we use for the MarTech business get classified under the 
head of intangibles on our balance sheet and you can access those kind of figures there. They would be 
in the Rs.13 crore odd range for this year and we see that those kinds of investments are typically 
amortized anywhere between 5 to 10 years, on an average of 7 years and we will continue to make such 
investments over the years ahead but probably at a reducing rate of about 15 to 20% compared to 
what we did this year. I hope that answers your question.  
 
I'm just looking through the questions to see if there's anything else which we haven't answered as yet. 
Nikhil may I throw it back to you, a gentleman is asking if we can share a little bit of information about 
the test prep industry as a whole and how things will move and if we have any plans to enter in the 
NEET or the JEE examination space?    
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: So, the test prep industry can broadly be classified into two segments, one which 
is aptitude centric and one which is knowledge centric. So, JEE, NEET, civil services etc. would largely 
follow what we call as the knowledge centric exams while MBA, Law, banking, study abroad, 
international education, BBA, IPM, are more like aptitude, mathematics, English, reasoning based 
examinations which we call as aptitude based test. As of now we are predominantly present in the 
aptitude based testing. We used to have small portions of our product offerings in JEE and NEET in very 
select markets. For now we do not have any plans to get into JEE and NEET on a pan-India national 
level. So we'll continue to focus on our products where we are market leaders like MBA, Law, IPM, BBA 
and CUET and the markets for some of them are large and big enough for us to expand our market 
share and keep growing for the next couple of years. If any time in future there are appropriate right 
valued inorganic opportunities which come across, we’ll value them on merit. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Nikhil, last two-three questions that have come in expected revenue growth 
and margins for FY 25 where do we see ROCE heading in the near future and when will EBITDA start 
getting the benefit of operating leverage? 
 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan: As an organization, we do not give very specific revenue and margin guidance, 
ever since we have been listed for the last 8 years. So I will resist from giving you any specific guidance 
on that. More generally, my expectation is that we should be able to grow at a level slightly better than 
what we grew this year from the previous year. Margin expansion in terms of EBITDA should reflect our 
endeavor which I have outlined a couple of years ago, to have our EBITDA margin increase by 100 basis 
points every year for the next couple of years and I think that should hold. I think the last couple of 
years after physical reopening post-COVID, we have been in a significant reinvestment mode to get 
students back into the classroom environment and that warranted significant investments in 
infrastructure, people and marketing. I think a significant chunk of those investments and re-
establishment of on-ground facilities and premiumness is more or less done and behind us and some 
bit of operational leverage should begin to kick-in FY 25 and a significantly large chunk of it should 
start reflecting in FY 26 because most of the centers, newer centers, which have got signed up in the 
last 12 to 18 months will start reaching a certain threshold and start contributing both in revenue, 
growth and profitability at CL level. Almost 24 months after the starts, their takeoff has been slightly 
slow in terms of their revenue growth predominantly due to the comeback from the COVID-19 era but I 
think things are now more or less back to where we were pre-COVID and going forward I think things 
are going to be significantly smoother in terms of both revenue growth as well as EBITDA margin 
expansion.  

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Right, thank you so much Nikhil and thank you everyone who joined in the call today. 
Appreciate you giving us your time and look forward to catching up with you really soon when we meet 
again for our Q1 FY 25 investor interactions.  
 
Thank you once again and have a good day. 
 
 
 
For more information, regarding CL Educate you can visit our corporate website: 
Annual Report | Financial Statements | Quarterly Results | Telegram Channel 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
Amit Kanabar 
Sr. Manager – Finance & Strategy CL Educate Limited 
Tel: +91 11 4128 1100 
Email: amit.kanabar@careerlauncher.com 
 
