 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
The Deputy Manager (Listing - CRD),                        
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533151 
 
ISIN:   INE950I01011                                                    
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Manager (Listing Department),  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL:  DBCORP 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts meet held on Wednesday, May 22, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 15, 2024 and pursuant to Regulation 30, 46 and other applicable 
provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of Investors / Analysts Meet held on Wednesday, May 22, 2024. The 
same has been uploaded on the Company’s website within the stipulated timelines at 
https://www.dbcorpltd.com/financial-results.php  
 
The link to access the said transcript is:  
https://dbcorpltd.com/img/DB_Corp_Q4FY24_Concall_Transcript.pdf 
 
We request you to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours truly,   
 
For D.B. Corp Limited 
 
 
 
Om Prakash Pandey 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
OM 
PRAKASH 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by OM 
PRAKASH PANDEY 
Date: 2024.05.29 
13:42:16 +05'30'

Page1of11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“DB Corp Limited 
Q4 & FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2024 
 

 
Page 2 of11 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the D.B. Corp Limited Q4 and FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
We have with us today the senior management team of D B Corp Limited, Mr. Pawan 
Agarwal - Deputy Managing Director; Mr. Girish Agarwal - Non-Executive Director; Mr. 
Lalit Jain - Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Mushtaq Ali - Senior Vice President (F&A); and 
Mr. Prasoon Kumar Pandey - Head Investor and Media Relations who will represent the 
D.B. Corp Limited on the call. 
 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter 
ended March 31, 2024 followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note that some of 
the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties.  Documents relating to the company's financial performance 
have already been e-mailed to you and are available on the website of the stock exchanges 
and the company's Investor Relations section. 
 
Trust you have been able to go through the same. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Pawan Agarwal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Very good evening to everyone, and thank you for joining the Q4FY24 D B Corp Earnings 
Conference Call. We will begin the call by highlighting the key financial performance for 
the quarter ended March 31, 2024, followed by key operational updates. 
 
We've had yet another year of growth with Q4 topping off 11 consecutive quarters of broad 
based growth. The current period has definitely seen an uptick also supported by the 
positive sentiments and consumption growth due to increase in disposable income around 
the election season. We are particularly encouraged by the industry leading growth in 
advertising revenue and a significant increase in EBITDA.  
In keeping with our focus on creating shareholder value, the Board of Directors have 
recommended an interim dividend of INR 8 per share. You will recall that during the past 
few quarters, we have been highlighting how the Print Media is impacting the media 
landscape on the back of editorial integrity and trust. As a market leader, Dainik Bhaskar 
has driven this change and we have fostered a virtuous cycle of growth, supporting our 
advertiser success, while concurrently driving alongside them.  
For FY24, our consol advertising grew by 18.2% Y-o-Y to INR 17,524 million against INR 

 
Page 3 of11 
 
 
14,827 million. Total revenue grew by around 14% Y-o-Y to INR 24,821 million against 
INR 21,682 million. EBITDA grew by 95% Y-o-Y to INR 7,033 million against INR 3,611 
million. 
 
PAT grew by 152% Y-o-Y to INR 4,255 million against INR 1,691 million. Our average 
cost for newsprint has reduced from the high of INR 63,500 per metric ton in Q2FY23 to 
around INR 51,500 per metric ton in Q2FY24 and now to INR 49,350 per metric ton in 
Q4FY24, resulting in newsprint cost reduction of 14% Y-o-Y in FY24. 
 
In Q4 FY'24, consolidated advertising revenue registered a growth of 25% Y-o-Y to INR 
4,457 million against INR 3,578 million. At the same time, our EBITDA grew by 121% Y-
o-Y to INR 1,967 million against INR 889 million. EBITDA margin expanded by 1,500 
basis points to 31% from 16% last year. Our PAT grew by 199% Y-o-Y to INR 1,225 
million against INR 410 million. 
 
Let me now take you through some of the highlights of our other business segments. For 
yet another quarter, our radio segment has delivered industry-leading EBITDA margins. 
Our efforts at building the radio business with strategic investment, strong focus on content 
and various engagement events led us to believe that this performance is sustainable. We 
will continue to fuel these efforts to help our omnichannel presence grow.  
Revenue grew 21% Y-o-Y at INR 1,623 million versus INR 1,342 million while EBITDA 
grew by 37% Y-o-Y to INR 551 million versus INR 402 million. 
 
Coming to our digital business. As you are aware, Dainik Bhaskar has continued its focus 
on building the best-in-class user experience on its digital app, while maintaining very high 
quality, insightful and engaging content for it's readers. The omnichannel presence has been 
very important, and we see our digital presence as a strong supplementary pillar of growth 
for future. 
 
Our app has registered a tremendous growth from 2 million in January 2020 to 
approximately 14 million in March 2024. With that, I would now request Mr. Girish 
Agarwal to update us on the operations. Over to you, Girish Ji. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pawan, and good evening, everybody and thank you for joining us on this call. 
Print Media has emerged stronger and more resilient in the current environment. According 
to the Pitch Madison Advertising Report, the print sector demonstrated its robustness by 
clocking an Adex of INR 19,250 crores in year 2023. It signifies our commendable 
performance. And one of the key factors contributing to this steady performance is the 
unwavering support from major advertisers across various sectors. 
 
Industries like real estate, automobile, education, jewellery, government and health sector. 

 
Page 4 of11 
 
 
All of them have continued to invest significantly in print advertising, thereby helping us 
sustaining the advertising volumes. Looking ahead, we must remain vigilant and proactive 
in our efforts to innovate and evolve with the changing times. While print advertising 
continues to hold its ground, we must leverage emerging technologies and embrace digital 
integration to enhance the effectiveness and reach of our offerings. 
 
And now may I open up the floor for the question-and-answers from all of you. We will be 
happy to answer you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jahnavi Dodai from Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jahnavi Dodai: 
I wanted to ask in the advertising segment the contribution from auto has it reached the pre-
pandemic level and if you could signify the amount of percentage? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So automobile is growing like this year, if you see the entire year we have seen the 
automobile growing almost 30%, but it has not yet reached the pre-pandemic level. 
Jahnavi Dodai: 
Okay. And sir, a follow-up question. And what would be the amount of ad revenue on 
account of elections for 2024? 
Girish Agarwal: 
See, the overall government as a category which includes the political has grown by almost 
70% plus this year for us which includes the assembly elections of Madhya Pradesh, 
Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and as well as the Lok Sabha elections up till 31st March 
advertising what we got from the government as well with the political parties. 
Jahnavi Dodai: 
Thank you sir. I will come back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Shah from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Sir, congratulations on great set of numbers. Just continuing with the previous question, can 
you just let us know what would be the share of government plus political advertising in 
FY'23 and FY'24? You have already highlighted that it grew by 70%, so government as a 
category? And then separately, how much would be national and local, excluding the 
government? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So let me give you this way that, normally, government used to stay with us in the range of 
around 15%, 16% overall on a normalized year, if I see, the government advertising 
revenue is in the range of 15%, 16%. This year being the election year in the state and the 
central both, this number has shot up to almost 25%. 

 
Page 5 of11 
 
 
Himanshu Shah: 
And sir, this backdrop, since government advertising or government plus political may not 
repeat in the same fashion in FY '25. Can you provide some color on advertising revenue 
growth outlook? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So I think color is very clear out of our 18% - 19% growth almost, I would say, 9% growth 
has come because of the election year and such. If I take that out, I'm almost at 10% growth 
apart from the election revenue. So that's the number, which is our double-digit number, we 
must work harder to achieve that same going forward, also. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Very, very helpful. And on news print side, can you provide what would be the exit rate of 
newsprint or some color or outlook for next 2 quarters on the newsprint front? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Last year, full year average was INR 61,800 in the year FY22 - 23. While this year FY23- 
24, we have closed on an average of INR 52,000 per ton. But the last quarter, which is Q4, 
this rate has been as low as INR 49,500. And going forward, which you believe in the Q1, 
this rate may further go down by around 4%. 
But we will have the advantage of annualizing the number going forward because our last 
year average number was 52, while the Q4 was 49 and Q1 will be maybe 3%, 4% less. So 
the benefit of that will continue for this year also. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. And so we were coming across some media articles that at least the writing and 
printing paper side when the prices have again started inching upward. Are we seeing any 
headwinds on the newsprint front or do we foresee that maybe a quarter or two down the 
line? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So this is a commodity business, nobody can predict. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. And sir, lastly on digital front, for a longish period 4 year, 5 years, we haven't 
provided any color or any outlook. Some color possible on digital side in terms of what 
kind of revenue run rate it would be clocking and what kind of an outlook we are seeing 
over there, maybe from a medium-term perspective 2 year to 3 years perspective. I believe 
we are also expanding in UP and a few other markets where we are not present physically. 
Girish Agarwal: 
So you are right. We are taking on UP in a big way for our digital business and we have got 
a very great traction in the initial months from Uttar Pradesh. As far as the overall digital is 
concerned, we are at around 15 million monthly active users with us on our app. And the 
time spend is also almost 14, 15 minutes. And the number two if at all we have to take the 
comparison in picture number two would be at around 3 million monthly active users and a 
time spend of around 4 minutes, 5 minutes. 
 
So compared to the competitor in the market I think we are doing a far superior job which 

 
Page 6 of11 
 
 
we are very excited about, and we'll continue investing our time and effort to achieve more 
numbers going forward also. As far as the further detail of revenue and monetization is 
concerned, if you remember, we took the approval from the Board and all our investors also 
that since it's a very competitive market, and we don't want to disclose too much of 
information in this. That's the reason we don't want to divulge much more right now. But 
going forward whenever we feel that the things are happening, we will certainly inform 
you. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Sure, sir. Just qualitatively, in the next 2 to 3 years, should the revenue contribution from a 
digital perspective be closer to high-single-digit or low-double-digit growth? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Let the time tell, sir. 
Himanshu Shah: 
And can I have one more follow-up on circulation side? 
Management: 
Go ahead. 
Himanshu Shah: 
So can you just let us know what will be the circulation number? And I believe last count, it 
was around 40 lakhs or 41 lakhs broadly in this range for FY'24. Are we looking -- is the 
number correct? And are we looking for any kind of increase in circulation numbers? 
Girish Agarwal: 
This year number what we have closed on a average is 41 lakhs something. And largely, we 
are trying our best to increase the circulation and our teams are working on it. Hopefully, 
we are targeting some growth this year. 
Himanshu Shah: 
That’s it from my side and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Doshi from Care PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Doshi: 
Sir, just wanted to understand on this digital part since last few quarters the number of 
average monthly user has been slightly flattish. So you believe that -- I mean, in terms of 
further penetration how much more is possible or is it because that some parts where have 
been probably you have gone under paywall or you have started subscription-based model. 
So if you can give some idea about that or what -- and what is it that probably a number that 
you would look before you go for, so to say, a monetization? So just a bit on that. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Okay. In digital, if you look at the overall total addressable market is huge. So as anybody 
who has a smartphone and is in the age bracket of 25 to 60 is our customer. And 80% male, 
I would say, because not every female wants to know about news. So I would say 20% of 
the female audience and 80% of the male audience. 

 
Page 7 of11 
 
 
 
So the total addressable market is huge. We are doing 15. A lot of improvement has been 
done. As we rightly mentioned, we are experimenting with certain paywalls also. We have 
launched in Uttar Pradesh, also. So I think we are working steadily on that. But we are not 
looking at anything to happen in a day. We are going very steady and peaceful in that. 
Amit Doshi: 
No, no, that absolutely it will take probably a few more quarters. What I'm trying to 
understand is that since that MAU stopped growing for last few quarters or they're growing 
by just minor percentages. So just wanted to understand what is your expectation in terms 
of users? I'm still not going into the monetization part.  
And what -- I mean, what could probably trigger those MAU growth further because, of 
course, the first post-COVID jump was exceptional. And then you are maintaining that 
growth that is also a sufficient this thing, But I'm just trying to understand what could be a 
number that would be comfortable for you before you kind of jump to monetization. 
Girish Agarwal: 
So just as you rightly mentioned, in MAU, we have been able to maintain the number, in 
fact, grow a little bit, while the industry, all the players have seen a 30% to 60% decline. I 
think that way, I would call it that we have grown by 60% rather than declining that way. 
So give us some more time on that. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And second question about this you mentioned about the government breakup. So in 
terms of government, auto, jewellery, if you can just this quarter on this Q4 as well as 
annual, what would be the breakout of that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
For Q4 specifically, Mr. Prasoon Pandey will get in touch with you because I don't have a 
Q4 exactly right now with me. But on the full year basis, as I mentioned that the 
government contribution has gone up to 25%, which normally is at 15% - 16%, while 
jewellery has grown in, again, a double digit. Lifestyle category has grown in a single digit. 
Healthcare has grown by double digits. Automobile has grown almost 30%. So this time, in 
this year, I've noticed most of the categories have grown some in single digits, some in 
double digit. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, in terms of circulation, while you mentioned that. So what are the areas that 
you believe there is a possibility of -- so that we could reach to that pre-COVID number of 
43 lakhs, 44 lakh. So what are those because fourth quarter,  I think you would have given 
kind of whatever probably users would have to get back to the paper probably has already 
back. So now since you mentioned that we are doing more efforts to get some growth in the 
circulating part. So what would be those areas? Where do you expect that additional growth 
to come from? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, three areas: One is offices. So, what has happened post-COVID most of the offices have 
cut down the newspapers as a part of their cost-cutting exercise. So we are getting back to 

 
Page 8 of11 
 
 
those offices to see how we can start that again. Second is hotels. If you remember, pre-
COVID all the hotels used to provide a copy in the room. Post-COVID, they have not yet 
gone back. So, we are talking to these two large areas.  
Furthermore, another area is new nuclear families. For example, in last 5 years' time, every 
year, people get married or branch out from their joint families and start living in the 
separate house, living in different houses, high-rise buildings and all that. So over there, 
also, since it's a new market, vendors are not able to reach out that quickly. So we are 
seeing how can we reach out to these markets also. So there are constant effort.  
Also, one important thing, pre-COVID, if you remember, we used to do a lot of schemes for 
the circulation. However, post-COVID, because the print prices are very high, we decided 
not to do any kind of subsidized copy, not to do any kind of schemes, unless until it's 100% 
on our cover price. So that's also a difference that happened. So we may have to create 
some environment, again, for enticing the reader for the newspaper for that growth. 
Amit Doshi: 
And in terms of the ad rates, would we believe that we are now back to pre-COVID ad 
rates? 
Girish Agarwal: 
In some categories, yes. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Okay. So still there is some room to grow? Or do you believe that there is kind of 
considering that print overall ad pie has significantly shrunk? So... 
Girish Agarwal: 
I personally believe in the ad space ad rate, there's always much to be desired. 
Amit Doshi: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. We will join back the queue for more questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Shrimal from PINC Wealth 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
So now that the election season is almost over in all the states, are you seeing a little 
downside on advertisement on certain sectors or is it still as strong as before? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Sorry, I'm not able to understand your question. I think you are using some speaker phone. 
Can you... 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Sir, after Q4, that is within April and now that May is almost over, are you seeing a little 
downturn in any segment? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Generally, what happens in the election month, when the election ground activities are on, 
there are a lot of restrictions in the markets and all that, and all that. So that's the reason 
April and May are not a very great month, when it's the election month. So we are hopeful 

 
Page 9 of11 
 
 
that from June onwards, the activities will start in the market again. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Okay. So Q1 will be little flattish and from Q2 we can see there is an improvement? 
Girish Agarwal: 
No, I'm not saying Q1 will be muted. It will be also good, but will not be substantially 
good. 
Pranav Shrimal: 
Okay. Got it sir. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from Robo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
Yes. So I was asking if you could comment on the yield of the newspaper business. How 
much has the increase in FY'24?  
Girish Agarwal: 
One second, when you're saying yield for the business means advertising or -- advertising 
yield you are talking about, sir? 
Rishikesh: 
Ad yields.  
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, it has already gone there. It's already reached there. 
Rishikesh: 
So it has reached pre-COVID levels you are saying? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. 
Rishikesh: 
Sorry, I missed you. 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, it has reached. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay. Got it. And also for FY'25, what sort of revenue growth and EBITDA margin are we 
looking for, sir? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Company doesn't give any forward-looking assumptions and projections. We have achieved 
31% margin in print. And in radio, our EBITDA margin is 34%. And we are hopeful that 
the entire team is working towards it so that we are able to perform. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Jahnavi Dodai from Aequitas 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jahnavi Dodai: 
I wanted to ask that the operating cash flow of about INR 589 crores. How are we planning 
to utilize it since the major investments and digital is now over? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So, the company is sitting on a cash balance of INR 1,017 crores as on 31st March 2024. 

 
Page 10 of11 
 
 
This year, as you are aware, that company Board has announced a dividend of INR 13 per 
share with total amounts to including the earlier dividend announced for this year was INR 
233 crores. And I'm sure the Board will take a more prudent call how to deploy this money 
going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakshee Chhabra from Svan Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Not able to understand that your circulation 
copies overall should be in higher. What should it be? Because I think you mentioned 
around 41 lakhs. But last year, the same number was 42.5 lakhs. So that means has there 
been a drop? And if so what will be the reason for that? 
Girish Agarwal: 
Yes, you are right. Last year, we were at around 42 lakhs, this year around 41 lakhs. So we 
have lost around 1 lakh copy over one year's time. And yes, there are various reasons in 
this, what we've been trying to do. And so maybe some copies we have lost in the hotels 
and the offices which we are able to start last year and some copies in the rural market also 
we have lost. So this 2.5% loss in circulation. That's the target this year we have that we 
must grow it and take it back. 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
But we've also expanded to newer regions, so are we expecting any growth in those 
regions? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We have not expanded to any new geography in terms of physical copies. We still operate 
in the same geographies. 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Okay. All right. But do we plan to now expand further geographies to improve circulation? 
Girish Agarwal: 
We will continue to focus on growing in our current markets, including Gujarat, Rajasthan, 
Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Chandigarh, Bihar, and Maharashtra.We'll 
continue to grow here only. 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Okay. But what would be the strategy then to grow this circulation copies? 
Girish Agarwal: 
See, that's a big question to go out in the market and to get more readers because people are 
moving into  thenewer market what we call the new high rises which are being built in the 
city where our vendors are not able to reach initially. 
 
And because generally what happened in society, the new society, the vendors are not 
allowed in and use the lift to go up to deliver the copies unless until he's already registered 
there. So there's a whole process of security in this thing that we are trying to work out with 
the vendors to see how can we capture that market also. 

 
Page 11 of11 
 
 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Okay. And my second question is on the cover price. So what has been the increase in the 
cover price in the entire year? 
Girish Agarwal: 
So cover price, there has been hardly any increase around 2%. 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
2%. Okay. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Girish Agarwal: 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we'll close the call. I now hand the 
conference to the management for closing comments. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you, everyone, for your participation and time on this earnings call today. I hope we 
have responded to your queries. We'll always be happy to be of assistance through our 
Investor Relations department headed by Mr. Prasoon Kumar Pandey for all your further 
queries. Thank you, everyone have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of D.B. Corp Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
