 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Mumbai- 400 001 
(SYMBOL: THYROCARE) 
 
 
 
(SCRIP CODE 539871) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of post results earnings conference call held on May 14, 2024 with 
Analysts / Investors   
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46(2) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of earnings conference call with 
Analysts and Investors held on May 14, 2024 for financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2024. 
 
We wish to add that the same has also been made available on the website of the Company 
https://investor.thyrocare.com/financials/quarterly-financial-results/ 
 
This is for your information and records 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Thyrocare Technologies Limited,      
   
 
Ramjee Dorai 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Dorai Ramjee
Digitally signed by Dorai 
Ramjee 
Date: 2024.05.17 16:48:47 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Thyrocare Technologies Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GUHA – MD & CEO, THYROCARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ALOK JAGNANI - CFO, THYROCARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. NITIN CHUGH – CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER, 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. PRATIK HIRE – STRATEGY TEAM, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Thyrocare Technologies Limited Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Hire from Thyrocare Technologies Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Hire: 
Thank you, Neerav. A very good evening to all and thank you for joining us today for 
Thyrocare's Earnings Conference Call for Q4 and Annual Results for FY24. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Rahul Guha - MD and CEO; Mr. Alok Jagnani - CFO and Mr. Nitin 
Chugh - Chief Commercial Officer along with other key members of Senior Management on 
this call to share highlights of the business and financials for the quarter and the annual results. 
I hope you have gone through our Results Release and the Quarterly Earnings Presentation, 
which has now been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website. The transcript of this call will be 
available in a week's time on the company's website. Please note that today's discussion may be 
forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risk pertaining to our business. 
After the end on end of this call, in case if you have any further questions, please feel free to 
reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul Guha to make the opening remarks. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thanks, Pratik. Good evening and welcome to all on the call. Thank you for taking time out 
from your busy schedules to join us this evening. 
I will do a quick introduction to us on the call. My name is Rahul Guha. I am the MD and CEO 
of Thyrocare and thank you for the opportunity to present the Q4 and annual results for FY24. I 
am joined with my colleague, Alok Jagnani, who is our CFO and Nitin Chugh, who is our Chief 
Commercial Officer along with Pratik Hire who is a part of our strategy team and leads investor 
relations. 
As I did in the last call, I will start with a quote from Nelson Mandela in recognition of our foray 
into Africa, “It is in your hands to make a better world for all who live in it” and we believe 
Thyrocare can bring our business model to Africa to make affordable and good quality 
diagnostics available to all. I will give you some of the key highlights of what we have been up 
to in the last quarter. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Before we get into the details of this quarter, I will reiterate the pay-for-performance pricing 
structure that we implemented at the beginning of this financial year. Earlier, our discount 
structure was one-size-fits-all, but now we have moved to a slab-based pricing model which we 
implemented in May 2023. This has led to an increased energy with our franchise network with 
motivation to move up volumes and enter higher slabs. It continues to result in the movement 
towards larger franchisees and enables much greater reach for our larger partners. Quality 
remains the key priority for us. It is an ongoing journey and we are proud to announce that 25 
out of our 30 labs are now NABL accredited. Currently, 94% of our total sample load is 
processed in NABL labs. It is significant achievement considering only 2% of pathology labs 
nationwide hold this accreditation. To validate our commitment to quality, we conducted an 
independent study published in the International Journal of Advanced Research, Ideas, 
Innovations and Technology. The findings revealed that 9 out of 10 doctors trust Thyrocare 
report and confidently recommend our services to their patients. This endorsement underscores 
the dedication and effort we have invested in maintaining high quality standards. On the quality 
front, as you would see in the presentation, we have reduced our complaints per million samples 
by 30%. A P90 TAT is now less than 20 hours Pan India, as compared to 24 hours last year. 
Beyond the work on quality, we continue to selectively expand our offering. Aarogyam has been 
a flagship brand in a preventive healthcare segment and now we have two more brands, 
JAANCH and Her Check. JAANCH, as I have said before, is targeted toward lifestyle challenges 
or for you to better understand your health. We have solutions across the spectrum for anything 
you might be worried about. Whether it is fever or something more serious, why is my hair 
falling? Cancer screening as well as deep investigations for common chronic diseases like 
diabetes, heart health, amongst others. In its first year since launch with a very limited marketing 
budget, JAANCH has done Rs. 12 crores. We have also revamped our Gynac portfolio and 
relaunched it under the brand name of Her Check and it focuses on Women's Health. In the six 
months since launch, we have touched roughly Rs. 6 crores in Her Check. I'm happy to share 
that our pathology revenue growth has surpassed pre-COVID levels. From FY17 to FY20, our 
non-COVID revenue CAGR growth of 13%, however, in the period from FY21 to 24, our non-
COVID revenue CAGR has soared to 18%. This remarkable achievement speaks volumes about 
our strategic business expansion, investments in quality enhancement and organizational 
restructuring effort. Active franchise base has now more than doubled over the last three years. 
On the financial front, the company enjoys a good cash position and we have proposed to 
distribute a final dividend of Rs. 18 per share. We are also very proud of some of the key 
milestones that we achieved in the last year. Now, we have 7900 active franchisees. As a result, 
we processed 22 million samples and served 15 million patients in the year, which is 8% and 
6% year-on-year growth respectively in volume terms for our core business. Total tests 
conducted for FY24 is 147 million. In our nuclear business, we performed 31,500 PET CT scans 
this year which compares to 30,800 last year. Our partnerships business, which excludes API 
and the government did phenomenally well in the quarter and grew as we onboarded new clients 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
in health techs, insurance and other segments and we have continued to grow the existing 
accounts. 
Also, I am happy to share we have completed the acquisition of Think Health to strengthen our 
offering for the insurance segment with the additional capability of ECG at home. This allows 
us to give our insurance partners a one stop solution for blood and ECG testing and further 
deepen our presence in the pre-policy medical checkup and annual health checkup market. And 
now, we are the company who offers health checks with ECG at home, and I am sure that will 
enhance our Aarogyam brand. 
On the B2G side, we continue to remain focused on technologies where we have expertise. And 
we continue to execute TB projects in the government, state of Gujarat and Maharashtra. On the 
international expansion side, our lab is now set up in Tanzania and we are going out in the market 
in full swing. I am proud to say in April we processed our first sample in Tanzania. Also, as I 
have been telling you in the last quarter, we have revamped our equipment platform. Our 
equipment was very old, with an average age of 12 years. We have added 30 plus new machines 
during the financial year, resulting in the average machine age coming down to now six years. 
These new additions have dramatically improved our reporting accuracy and turnaround time. I 
will now hand over to my colleague, Nitin, to cover the highlights for the quarter and the annual 
business performance. 
Nitin Chugh: 
Thank you, Rahul. A warm welcome to each one of you. I will briefly update you about the 
highlights of Q4 and annual business performance. Our franchisee business for the year showed 
a revenue growth of 14% year-on-year and in Q4 our franchisee business showed a revenue 
growth of 13%. Reiterating what we had mentioned last quarter, growth rate in franchise 
business has slowed down because of the churn in the small franchisee segment. This churn was 
expected after we implemented our volume-based pricing. Our big franchisees have grown at 
25%, while the small has degrown by 39%. 
In terms of mix, contribution from big franchisees has increased from 81% to 90%. Majority of 
the small franchisees have been churned out and the base is stabilizing now. Going forward, the 
franchisee business should return back to its high teens growth rate. This is evident from the 
improvement we see in franchisee growth of 13% year-on-year this quarter as compared to 11% 
year-on-year of last quarter. Our partnership business, which excludes API and B2G for the year 
showed a phenomenal growth of 23%, whereas in Q4 it showed a tremendous growth of 40%. 
On an overall level, our partnership business for the year has remained stable on the account of 
decline in API and closure of MCGM contract. Overall, the pathology business excluding 
materials and others for the year has grown by 10% year-on-year and in Q4 it is increased by 
16% year-on-year. Radiology business, including Pulse Hitech for the year did a strong revenue 
growth of 18% year-on-year. Overall, at a consolidated level, we did 9% year-on-year revenue 
growth for the year and Q4, we did 14% year-on-year revenue growth. Balance, I will hand over 
to my colleague Alok to cover the financial results. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Alok Jagnani: 
Thank you, Nitin, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. Before diving into the 
specifics, I would like to touch upon our ESOP program, which we have discussed in previous 
quarter. This initiative, implemented at the group level, aimed to retain talent within the 
Thyrocare. This ESOP issued by the parent company will vest over the period of 6 years. From 
an accounting perspective, we recognize these ESOPs in accordance with IndAS standard as a 
book entry towards share based payment. They are reflected as an expense in the profit and loss 
account as an equity contribution from the parent in the balance sheet. 
The total value of ESOPs amounts to Rs. 45.53 crore over a period of 6 years. It is crucial to 
note that this represents a cashless charge, not a cash outflow. According to IndAS, options are 
reviewed at the grant date using the Black-Scholes formula, resulting in a charge to P&L over 
the vesting period. Typically, this leads to an impact in the year of the grant followed by 
proportionate charge over the vesting period. Further details are available in the presentation. As 
these expenses are non-cash operating expenses and do not affect the company cash outflow, we 
calculate normalized EBITDA which accounts for these expenses along with the provision for 
bad and doubtful debts. 
Now, moving on to our Financial Performance: 
Revenue for the year stood at Rs. 524 crores standalone and Rs. 572 crores consolidated, making 
an annual year-on-year improvement of 9% at consolidated level. This growth was supposed by 
better partnership revenue growth, excluding B2G and API of 23%, franchisee growth by 14%. 
Pathology revenue excluding material and others increase by 10% year-on-year. In Q4, revenue 
increased by 14% year-on-year, primarily driven by strong partnership revenue growth 
excluding B2G and API by 40% and franchisee business grew by 13%. Pathology revenue 
excluding material and other grew by 16% year-on-year. 
Our margin for the year improved by 2% point driven by price increase, volume growth and 
better negotiation, employee expenses incurred increase year-on-year due to the increments 
addition to the growth team and quality personnel to meet and reveal deployment. Standalone 
normalized EBITDA margins for the year improved by 1%, primarily due to the improvement 
in gross margin. EBITDA margin in radiology NHL stood 9% versus 18% year-on-year, mainly 
due to the increased operational cost and change in revenue mix between scanning and FDG 
sales. 
At a consolidated level, our normalized EBITDA at 28%, which is 1% lower than last year, 
primarily due to the increase in business promotion, marketing spends and new business 
expansions. We reported a consolidated normalized EBITDA of Rs. 162 crore for the year, 
directly reflecting to our cash flow operation, which amounts to Rs. 168 crore. 
With that, now I pass follower to Rahul for our strategic updates. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Alok. Briefly, I would like to take a few minutes to recap to you our strategic 
direction and then I will open it up for Q&A. 
First, I will reiterate our value proposition to the customer. We will continue to remain an 
affordable option to all patients with good quality and on time reports. All our efforts on our 
value proposition is towards ensuring low cost to the patient, assurance on quality of testing 
through our certifications and engagements with doctors. We have made substantial progress on 
this, which I updated in my initial comments and is reflected in the presentation. This will remain 
at our core and will guide all that we do. 
Second, our strategy, we continue to maintain our strategy of being the B2B partner of choice to 
all front-end diagnostic services companies in India, whether it is a small diagnostic center in a 
semi-urban area, a pharmacy in a metro, a small nursing home and individual doctor or a leading 
online diagnostic platform or health tech marketplace. We are happy to work with them to 
provide low-cost robust testing solutions so that they can serve their patients in the most effective 
manner. If they require phlebotomy, we are happy to mobilize our phlebotomy network of almost 
900 companies and 400 network phlebotomists to serve them better. This strategy has been 
working well for us with both our franchise and partnerships business posting strong growth. 
We continue our commitment to add more value added services for our partners and with the 
acquisition of Think Health we have entered into ECG at Home Services which will strengthen 
our offering to our insurance partners. Further, to reiterate, as I have shared in the last few 
quarters, we have 3 pillars of growth. The first is our franchise business. The focus is to take our 
franchise business deeper into India with the focused test menu and provide our clients with a 
frictionless experience to transact with us and provide their customers the best testing experience 
that they can. We continue to focus on private as well as public partnerships. In the public space, 
we will focus on TB and infectious disease where we are by far one of the strongest players in 
these segments with large screening programs partnering with health bodies and funding 
agencies who participate in this segment. 
Additionally, we will continue to expand our partnerships across healthcare companies, hospitals 
and other health services companies and enable them to provide diagnostic testing to their 
customers. The third area is relatively new for us. We believe we have a strong and robust B2B 
model with the core of execution. We are ready to take this model forward with our first entry 
in Tanzania. The opportunity is significant for us to be able to launch affordable tests in the 
country of Tanzania. That in a brief is our mandate as management. Thank you so much for 
giving us a patient hearing. I will once again end with a quote from the Mahatma, “Find purpose. 
The means will follow” and our purpose remains to provide affordable, high-quality testing to 
the masses. 
With that, we will open it up for Q&A. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aditya Khemka from InCred PMS. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Rahul, first question on the volume growth, did I hear you right, volume growth year-over-year 
for the quarter was 6%, is that right? 
Rahul Guha: 
For the total business. 
Aditya Khemka: 
I think you were mentioning about the franchisee business, the core business. So, for the core 
business, I think you said volume growth was close to 6%. I just couldn't understand whether it 
was for the year or for the quarter. That is the clarification I need? 
Rahul Guha: 
So, just to clarify, it was for the year. Quarter-on-quarter, it is 10%. I am talking about sample 
growth, patient growth will be slight lower than that, but our year-on-year, financial year volume 
growth for the core business is 8% and quarter-on-quarter 10%. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Volume growth is 8% for the financial year? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. 
Aditya Khemka: 
And the second question, Rahul, on the non-COVID business, slide 10 on your presentation 
deck, so non-COVID business you are showing 18% CAGR, FY21 to 24. If I look at the number 
of franchisees, that has also gone up from 3000 to 8000 and I know that this non-COVID revenue 
would have two parts, the B2B franchisee part being one and the other being your other 
partnerships with government and healthcare aggregators etc. My question is that if your 
franchisees have doubled to like 8000 and I think in a comment one of your team members 
mentioned that now 90% of the revenue comes from large franchisees. So, out of this 8000 
franchisees, would like approximately 1000 qualifies large franchisees and would 7000 be 
roughly smaller franchisees or the marginal franchisees or what would be the split between the 
8000? 
Rahul Guha: 
So, roughly without going into, so first let me just take the overall COVID. I think our franchisee 
business from the low COVID base recovered very quickly. And then as we added more and 
more franchisees we continued to see the uplift in our growth profile. As I updated last quarter, 
we had a little bit of a road bump because we saw a lot of churn in the smaller franchisee, but 
now the larger franchisees have picked up and things are more or less okay. In terms of count, 
if you look at the roughly 7900 franchisees, about 3500 are what we categorize as Diamond to 
Silver and about 4500 would be bronze and others, so it is a rough I think, 45-55 kind of split 
between large and small. 
Aditya Khemka: 
The revenue ratio? 
Rahul Guha: 
The revenue ratio would be roughly 65:35. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Aditya Khemka: 
65 for the large and 35 for the small? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. 
Aditya Khemka: 
So, now when I look at FY24, if my understanding is correct, you had almost three businesses 
which were declining in FY24. One was your B2G, the other was your smaller franchisee 
business and the third was pharmacy business, right. Now, on all these three plants as of 4Q, 
have all three businesses stop declining or is there still some way to go on either of these three 
business to decline? 
Rahul Guha: 
The small franchise business had stopped declining as I had shared last time by the time we had 
come into October, November, so we had bottomed out there and therefore you see the 
accelerating growth coming out in Q4. So, I think the small franchisee base has bottomed out. 
The government business has bottomed out because it is almost practically 0 now, except for the 
EV contracts that we are doing very selectively. So, I would say that has bottomed out, but we 
are not entering into many of these government contracts, so at 0, it won’t give you a growth 
jump over there. On the pharmacy side, actually we have seen some recovery in Q4, but Q4 as 
you know is the big season for packages and annual health checkups, so I think going into the 
next quarter, we will have to see how it pans out, right, but at least Q4 we saw a decent recovery 
on the API side as well. 
Aditya Khemka: 
But could you tell us if pharmacy now offers like deep discounts like earlier used to do to acquire 
customers to sell Thyrocare packages or are they now also on a unit economic level making 
money when they sell Thyrocare packages? 
Rahul Guha: 
The diagnostics business at pharmacy is now profitable at the proper transfer price as approved 
by the shareholders as part of the related party agreement. So, effectively now, Thyrocare, of 
course earns a decent EBITDA anyway, which was never dilutive, but the pharmacy business 
also this year has turned profitable, the pharmacy diagnostics too. 
Aditya Khemka: 
So, then when we look at year-over-year for FY25 over FY24, there should be no reason why 
pharmacy should not at least even flat or grow from the days that they are formed in FY24 for 
Thyrocare, I am saying? 
Rahul Guha: 
Logically, yes, but it is difficult to speak on behalf of our customer, but logically what you are 
saying, if this is the is the profitable pool for pharmacy as well, I think all intents are there to 
grow, but if you go back to the old customer acquisition and discounting, then of course, the 
profitability gets hit. But yes, logically what you are saying, there is no reason to believe that it 
will degrow from next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Couple of questions from my end, so how much of our franchise revenue is from the Thyrocare 
brand in FY24 and how much is the revenue from local pathology lab centers or B2B tie-ups? 
And in this business the right to and remains more geographic expansion or is it increasing 
throughput per franchisee or getting more B2B business if you could give some thoughts on 
this? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. So, roughly, about 40% of our topline is Thyrocare branded, right and the remaining 60% 
is B2B tie-ups. Also, ideally I should count all my Aarogyam packages as Thyrocare branded 
regardless of where they are sold because they are branded as Aarogyam. But for a minute I am 
keeping that aside, roughly 40% of our revenue comes from centers which have a Thyrocare 
board and a Thyrocare Livery 27.06 and all of that. In all the instances, most of our franchisees 
would share a Thyrocare report. So, that is definitely out there. The right to win, see largely I 
think throughput per franchisee is only so much. It takes time to scale up, right and a lot of it is 
how much share of wallet you are able to capture. They typically have one or two local partners 
who they work with as well, and then Thyrocare as a second partner and so on. So, your share 
of wallet is always in a highly competitive space, right, where you are constantly in a price 
battles where Re. 1-Rs. 2 and then someone can move the volumes to another B2B partner. I 
think the right to win really comes from leveraging the Thyrocare brand, our image now and our 
investments in quality and going deeper and deeper into India where frankly speaking, the 
competitive side is not the large, branded labs, but actually the local labs which don't have 
NABL, don't have the quality processes that we have in terms of cold chain, don't have the 
checks and balances in terms of every report has a QR code, all of that right. And so therefore 
people in Tier 2 towns at pretty much the same price of a local lab is getting a high-quality report 
with all the backing of Thyrocare, so I firmly believe our right to win is there. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
On the partnership business, would I understand there are two facets to that business also. So, 
during the non-KPI non-B2G, what will drive this business from here on and how are we 
differentiating there? And I think in the B2G business, you said it has bottomed out. So, any risk 
of further write offs on receivables because we have seen some provision which we have done 
now also, so in these two segments, if you could give some color? 
Rahul Guha: 
On the first one on partnerships, I think we have many kinds of partnerships, right. I think the 
health tech partnerships, we have gone quite deep in that. There is not that much more growth 
we will get from there, but two large unexplored avenues for us has been the hospital segment 
and the insurance segment, right, both of which are very large customers who buy diagnostics, 
hospitals of course where we go in and set up the lab or work with them for their outsourced 
business as a partner. And then the insurance players, almost every policy that is issued as a pre-
policy medical checkup and also they offer many of their policy holders a free annual health 
checkup. So, it is a very large market, which has been largely untapped by Thyrocare. So, we 
will continue to drive the franchise growth by exploring these avenues. And as I mentioned, with 
the acquisition of Think Health, we now have ECG at home as a capability so that only enhances 
our right to win in this segment. You must remember we are the only national player that has a 
company owned phlebotomist fleet. What that means is if you are a partner with Thyrocare with 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
a single API integration, I can get you activated with diagnostics in 300 cities overnight. So, if 
you are an insurance player with one single API integration you can service all your policy 
holders with annual health checkup and all your PPMC screening in 300 cities through a single 
window. No other company offers this to their partners. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
What I was trying to understand out was, a lot of these hospitals are focusing lot more on 
diagnostic and have become pretty aggressive. So, is there an outsourcing arrangement which 
you think will drive the hospital segment? Or some specialized tests which the hospitals would 
not want to give lower volumes? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, it is largely outsourced. I think specialized test for us as Thyrocare is not our cup of tea. So, 
I would say largely outsourced would be the focus. Many of the equipment in the hospital is 
very low throughput and therefore very high cost to operate. So, many times hospitals find that 
even though they have a lab in their hospital, the Thyrocare billing price to them is sometimes 
lower than their reagent cost because of our economies of scale and the throughput of our 
machines. So, they keep some of the basic tests in the hospital and then outsource everything 
else. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I understood the hospital and the insurance part. The second part you were saying? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. Your second question was on the B2G business, right? 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. 
Rahul Guha: 
See, there firstly, if you recall, almost two years ago when I first took over, we had a government 
outstanding of close to, I think Rs. 80 crores, I think almost all that money has either been 
received or provisioned. So, I think though government outstandings as a sword hanging on our 
neck is more or less behind us. I don't anticipate any more further significant provisions on the 
government business. That being said, we have also realized that we need to be focused when 
we do the government business and we have to again focus on our right to win. We are the 
strongest in TB testing and infectious disease testing where we have the full range of 
technologies starting from the very basic sputum tests, all the way to whole genomic sequencing 
for TB. So, we have decided to focus on these areas where our strengths are there. And work 
with the government to partner with them on their screening program. And we feel that is the 
niche that we will go after. The government also is taking both these topics, TB and infectious 
disease very seriously and has put a lot of money behind it. So, we believe there is a reasonable 
opportunity there, but on the general tests, we will not rush in. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And lastly, one data keeping question from my side, can you share the geographical breakup of 
our pathology business, say between North-South, East, West? What I am trying to understand 
are there specific areas where we are strong? Are we a Pan India player, are we maybe North 
and South focused, if you can give some idea that would be helpful? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Nitin Chugh: 
So, see, generally our business, we are very strong in the Eastern region and the Western region. 
North, our share of business is very less and our third in that ranking from the Southern region. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubh Shah from Ratna Traya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shubh Shah: 
Sir, can you please break down the 9% pathology growth in terms of volume, in terms of price 
and in terms of mix and also the mid teen or high teen growth guidance that we have for next 
year, similar breakdown for that? 
Alok Jagnani: 
So, we have seen 9% revenue growth in the financial year, FY24 versus FY23 and the revenue, 
if you see the split, our franchisee revenue has grown by around 31% whereas our partnership 
revenue has gone by around 23%, this is excluding API and B2G. We are expecting in FY25, 
the mid teen growth is degrowth that is between 15% and 18% growth is expected. 
Rahul Guha: 
And see overall sample growth for the year would be, I think, roughly about 2%, but this should 
not be considered that then all our growth has come from price. Actually, what you should 
consider is we had a very high-volume contract with MCGM which is the Mumbai BMC which 
was at a very low revenue per sample. That contract ended last year, so actually the volumes 
came out of that, but our franchise and partnerships business covered up for that. So, it is actually 
the mix of business shifting that has given us the revenue growth, not a price increase. 
Shubh Shah: 
Second, can you explain the provisions, what are the provisions for this year? 
Alok Jagnani: 
So, provision for receivables, you are talking about here. So, in the current financial year, we 
have provided around Rs. 8.7 crores of provisions against the receivable that is mainly on 
account of two accounts. One is on the government accounts; we have provided around Rs. 2.5 
crores of provisions for the receivables which is doubtful and another provisions has been taken 
against the international business as well. We have taken around Rs. 6 crores provision. And still 
that amount we are litigating, and things are going to be all stable, then we will see, but mainly 
this Rs. 8.7 crore provision pertains to B2G business where we have provided and Rs. 6 crores 
pertains to international gulf base. 
Shubh Shah: 
And also, are you planning to take some additional marketing or advertising cost? 
Rahul Guha: 
No. So, the marketing and business promotion cost, what is current year model is going to remain 
the same for the next financial. No additional. 
Shubh Shah: 
And this financial letter, those costs mostly pertain to? 
Rahul Guha: 
This cost means in the current financial year, the cost increase in the other expenses mainly 
pertain to business promotions, marketing spends on Her Check, JAANCH and other branding 
what we have done. And that reflect in our revenue also, the revenue growth what we have seen. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainam Shah, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Jainam Shah: 
So, I wanted to ask that the interim dividend of Rs. 18 was declared in April and the dividend of 
Rs. 18 that you declared today, are those both dividends same or different as in the total dividend 
is 18+18 or just Rs. 18? 
Rahul Guha: 
So, interim dividend has been declared last year that pertained to the financial year FY23, not 
pertain to the current financial year and subsequently the amount of interim dividend was the 
final dividend has been approved in AGM. Now, coming to the current financial year, we have 
proposed the Rs. 18 dividend subject to approval of shareholders in AGM. There is no linkage 
on that. 
Jainam Shah: 
And also, I just wanted to know about the growth strategy in FY25 guideline for the FY25? 
Nitin Chugh: 
See the growth strategy is that we will divide it into two parts, right. One is your core franchise 
business. I think the core strategy will be like Rahul said, to go deeper into the country, right, 
expand our network, expand in cities and in geographies where we are not very strong today. 
And secondly on the partnership side, the main focus will be on getting bigger accounts on board, 
specifically focusing on our insurance play with the help of Y2H, I think we can make a lot of 
inroads in the insurance business with having both pathology and ECG. So, these two areas will 
be our core focus. 
Jainam Shah: 
And also can you tell me about margin guidelines, EBITDA margin guideline? 
Alok Jagnani: 
So, margins are going to be more or less same sort we are expecting in the next financial year 
also. It is going to be between 25% and 50%. 
Rahul Guha: 
See, margins will remain flat. You must remember we are investing in a few areas, right. We are 
investing in Tanzania where currently the lab is set up and the revenue will take some time to 
scale up. We are also investing in Think Health and scaling it up, so there will be some costs 
that we will incur to scale up these businesses. The four businesses will of course give us 
operating leverage, but that operating leverage we will reinvest in some of these new initiatives. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Neeraj from Prospero Tree Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Neeraj: 
Actually, our promoters are still pledged and recently we did a fund raise so why the promoters 
are not pledging the shares actually it gives a very bad impression that promoters shares are 
pledged and recently we have done a fund raise as well so why the promoters are not unpledged 
the shares? 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Rahul Guha: 
See, I am the MD and CEO of Thyrocare. I am not the promoter, so it will be difficult for me to 
comment on this question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abdul Kader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Just on this promotion cost what you guys incurred in this particular quarter and for the full year, 
are you calling about that number or what you spend this quarter and for the full year? 
Rahul Guha: 
It will be there in the detailed financials, but Alok you can give some rough numbers on that. 
See, I will just give you a background of what these marketing costs are. These are largely 
promotion costs that we do to promote JAANCH and many of the other new packages. So, they 
are of three nature. One is some kind of schemes and gift that we use to our franchisees to 
promote the new brand. The second is we invest on a few celebrity and doctor promotions where 
they help us talk about the new products or specific packages that have been released for the 
festival. And the last is, we do incur some cost with our large franchisees to effectively have a 
set of franchise meets at the end of the year to discuss strategy and get their inputs on how we 
can grow the business. So, the marketing cost is largely in these three buckets and that is where 
we are investing. The exact number, maybe Alok can get back to you. 
Alok Jagnani: 
So, the incremental numbers approximately is going to be between Rs. 8 and Rs. 10 crores we 
have spent on multiple projects including (Inaudible) 45.01, including promoting JAANCH, the 
Hitech branding and multiple other marketing. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
So, this Rs. 8 to Rs. 10 crores used for the full year fiscal FY24, right? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes, for FY24. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
So, about the 25%-27% EBITDA margin guidance for next year, so this 25%-27%, we are 
talking about the reported EBITDA or the normalized EBITDA? 
Rahul Guha: 
Our normalized EBITDA overall as a company is roughly 28%, we expect to hold it in that 
range. The reported EBITDA is 24%. That will actually go up because the ESOP charges as 
Alok has shared in the beginning of the call starts to substantially go down, so the number we 
look at internally as management is the normalized EBITDA. We expect to hold it between the 
28% and 29% range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Guha for closing comments. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you everyone for joining us and spending the time with us this evening. As always, we 
continue to remain focused on our strategy, which is to be the most affordable, good quality 
diagnostic testing partner for anyone in the healthcare business and we continue to execute on 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
this strategy. We have been investing in improving our quality, improving our reach and 
ensuring our turnaround time is as close to best in class and we have made substantial progress 
on all of this. I thank you all for your support in this journey. With that, I will hand over to Pratik 
for closing comments. 
Pratik Hire: 
Thank you all. On behalf of Thyrocare Technologies that concludes this conference. We thank 
you all for joining us. Over to you, Neerav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Thyrocare Technologies Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
