 
 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Synergia IT Park, Plot No. R-270 T.T.C. 
Industrial Estate, Gautam Nagar, Near 
Rabale Police Station, Rabale,Navi 
Mumbai 400701. MH-India.  
Phone 
Fax 
+91 22 4040 7070 
+91 22 4040 7080 
investor@aurionpro.com 
www.aurionpro.com 
CIN: L99999MH1997PLC111637 
 
                           
 
 May 21, 2024 
BSE Limited 
PJ. Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai-400001 
Script Code: 532668 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -400051 
Script Code: AURIONPRO 
 
Sub: Transcript of earning call held on May 15, 2024 for the Q4 & FY 24.  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, enclosed transcript of the earning call held on May 15, 2024 for the Q4 & of FY 
2023-24.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and confirm compliance. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
 
 
Ninad Kelkar  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
Ninad Prabhakar 
Kelkar
Digitally signed by 
Ninad Prabhakar Kelkar 
Date: 2024.05.21 
12:10:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Aurionpro Solutions Limited  
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASHISH RAI – CEO & VICE CHAIRMAN  
MR. VIPUL PARMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NINAD KELKAR – COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:           MS. AASHVI SHAH – ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR RELATIONS  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
May 15, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the investor call of Aurionpro Solutions 
Limited to discuss the Q4 and FY24 Results. 
As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
Please note, that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Aashvi Shah from Adfactors PR, Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, ma’am. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of the company, I would like to welcome you 
all to the Earnings Conference Call for Q4 & FY24. 
Today, on this call we have with us from the Management Mr. Ashish Rai – Vice Chairman and 
CEO, Mr. Vipul Parmar – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Ninad Kelkar – Company Secretary.  
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the Management followed by a Q&A 
session. Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in 
nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that 
could cause the actual results or projections to differ materially from those statements. 
Aurionpro Solutions will not be in any way responsible for any actions taken based on such 
statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements. 
I would like to now hand over the call to Mr. Ashish Rai for his opening remarks. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ashish Rai: 
Thanks Aashvi. Good afternoon everyone. And welcome to this Earnings Call for Q4 and Full 
Year 24. I’m sure by now you all have received the investor deck and I hope you had an 
opportunity to review it. Our full year performance came in at the high end of our growth 
guidance of 35% marking another milestone in our journey to build out significant global 
products and platforms player. It’s the third consecutive year that we grew the business in 
excess of 30% and this remarkable achievement really is the result of the dedication, the work, 
the resilience of the team that’s joined us in this journey as well as increasing effectiveness of 
our strategic game plan. The growth we have experienced was helped to a large extent by a 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
secular uptick observed across most of our businesses, underscoring both the strength as well 
as the diversity of our portfolio.  
To recap the performance a bit FY24 full year revenue stood at Rs.887 crore, which is a 35% 
year-on-year growth, and EBITDA stood at Rs.193 crores which is 33% year-on-year growth. 
EBITDA margins for the full year stood at 21.8%. PAT stood at Rs.143 crore, which is a growth 
of 40% year-on-year, PAT margins for the full year came in at 16.1% so slightly above the 
guidance. Every number came in at or slightly ahead of the high end of our guidance range. I 
believe this will set us up very well to continue our growth trajectory into the new financial 
year.  
I’m happy to share that the Board authorized issuance of bonus shares at a ratio of 1:1 
alongside the dividend payout of INR 2.5 per equity share, this is post bonus. So, this marks a 
significant milestone as we doubled our dividend payout this year, reflecting we believe our 
commitment to delivering value to our shareholders. We are quite pleased to amongst the 
businesses highlight the significant traction that we have observed across the offerings in 
banking and FinTech space. We have transitioned, as I have mentioned in the previous earnings 
call from the phase of rebuilding the portfolio into moving aggressively to capitalize on the 
strong demand for our offerings. The growth in this segment, especially in the second half of 
the year, is a direct result of the strategic investments that we have been making in building 
new products, in expanding the sales channel, imposing key partnerships with global FinTech 
vendors within the wider ecosystem.  
Some of the key wins in the banking and FinTech segment include the State Bank of India, which 
was highly sought of the India’s largest commercial bank for the license implementation and 
support of iCashpro+, our next generation cash management and transaction banking 
platform. This order was valued close to Rs.100 crore as we disclosed. Also, recently we signed 
a multi-million dollar partnership with a very prominent US FinTech giant, paving the way for 
significant growth in the US market as well as globally for us. We kicked off this relationship 
with initial work orders of about $5 million to be executed largely within this financial year.  
During the quarter, we also had a first successful deployment of our product at a large bank 
through the strategic partnership with Finastra. These are significant proof points of the 
effectiveness of our strategy to partner with other global FinTech majors that we have talked 
about in the previous earnings calls. And I strongly believe, we will start seeing the impact of 
our investments in these partnerships within this financial year. 
The growth in the TIG segment also remains strong with a transit payment segment 
demonstrating very promising trends. Our strategic partnerships with MasterCard, and with 
Vix are expected to increase quite significantly order book as well as pipeline, providing a 
further proof point of the uniqueness and success of our partnership strategy. The key wins in 
this segment includes some key strategic order wins in TCL hybrid cloud space that we have 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
disclosed and a significant order win from Government of Haryana, which covers the issuance 
of 5 million open loop cards. That is quite significant and that transaction can establish 
Aurionpro as one of India’s leading provider’s open loop and NCMC cards.  
In addition to the organic growth initiatives, we have strategically pursued key acquisitions. To 
enhance our offerings, address specific gap diversity blueprint, our recent acquisition in the AI 
space allows us to combine Aurionpro portfolio of industry leading enterprise software, with 
probably one of the most mature enterprise AI platforms that are tailored to the needs of banks 
and insurers. This move will allow us to make a significant play in shaping the adoption of AI in 
banks and insurers globally, both directly as well as through our ecosystem partnerships that 
we have talked about.  
While we take a moment to acknowledge the team’s remarkable accomplishments, we will 
continue to remain sharply focused on driving the product building agenda, and focus on 
scaling every aspect of the organization to capitalize on these very significant opportunities in 
front of each of our businesses.  
Finally, we extend our sincere gratitude to employees, customers, partners and shareholders 
for their continued support and contribution to our success. We expect to continue our growth 
momentum in FY25, plan to deliver a planned revenue growth of between 30% and 35%. And 
we will keep EBITDA and PAT margins at similar levels EBITDA between 20% and 22% and PAT 
between 15% and 16%. So, those are the planned numbers for FY25. With that, I will close and 
I look forward to an engaging Q&A. Over to you Aashvi. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital Management. Please go ahead.  
Vimal Gohil: 
Ashish my first question was on the latest acquisition that we have made, Arya.ai if you can just 
highlight something more on was this driven by some of our existing customers, do we have 
existing orders from our from customers that’s point number one there. The second point is, 
how should we think about the existing management at Arya.ai. Will they be with us once we 
have sort of bought the 100% stake or do we plan to buy by the entire 100% as and when we 
go forward and what is the management’s plan over there. And lastly on Arya.ai, what drove 
valuations, if we talk about Rs. 20 crore revenue But we paid around Rs. 135 crores to that. So, 
for the 67% stake, so what drove these valuations for us, if you can highlight that, thanks. 
Ashish Rai: 
Hi, Vimal thanks, great question. So, look it’s just the overall flavor on what we are trying to do 
with Arya.ai before I get into the specifics, I strongly believe and as many of us on the call 
probably believe, we are today going through probably one of the most fundamental platform 
shifts this industry has seen. So, of course, on one side you have all the investments and all the 
hype around gen AI and the LLMs and the foundation models and, and that’s the game that 
some will play an that will probably all of it converts to the same place or there are one or two 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
large players or a few large players in the space. That is one end of the market, there’s obviously 
a lot of investments going into the infrastructure side of the market. But we have always been 
strong believers that any technology as it matures, the ultimate value creation happens on the 
application layer. That is the layer where large businesses, large enterprises are running their 
mission critical applications, to run their business processes where they actually make money. 
That is where the bulk of the value creation happens. That is where the bulk of the value 
capture happens as a technology provider. We have always been very strong. We have built 
out deep strength in terms of building of mission critical enterprise applications. Arya.ai has 
been sharply focused on building out, products, platform, extremely mature AI assets, for the 
last 10 years focused specifically on the banking and insurance space. And the effort we are on 
is to bring together a very mature offering around AI ML together with the enterprise 
workflows that our clients actually use, and make a play for every point on the workflow at 
some point has to be AI augmented, or run through fully autonomous agent, or have AI assisted 
human learning it whichever way we bring these trends together to create a very unique value 
adding enterprise AI offering that can go out to banks and insurers globally. We feel very 
strongly about the opportunity, we feel very strongly about the credentials that we carry into 
the space to build it out. So, that’s the whole sort of rationale behind the acquisition.  
Coming to your specific questions. Yes, we have been working with Arya.ai for the last several 
quarters again from existing customers. So, we were already into existing deals that we won 
over the last six months with them where Arya.ai had a component going into our offering 
overall. So, yes, it does go out to some existing customers. We believe once we are done with 
the building of the enterprise AI framework we will be able to take what we have to, one to 
our existing client base, as well as to the wider ecosystem of FinTech partnerships that we have 
built up over time, because the problem that we are trying to solve for Aurionpro is the same 
problem that every FinTech vendor in the world is trying to solve for themselves. So, we have 
some value to create there. So, that is one, existing management of Arya.ai at the moment, as 
you would have seen mostly we have bought out all the VC side investors in that transaction, 
the management continues to hold. We believe both Vinay and Dixit are probably amongst the, 
you can count on your fingers, the number of actual deep AI experts out there who have been 
focused on the financial industry for the last decade. So, they are very skilled, very rare and 
very committed to and the team that comes in very committed to continuing to build what we 
said so we have got a perfect alignment of vision, at least the way I see it between me and 
Vinay and our management team and their’s. So, that is very crucial for us to do that.  
The final point about valuations. Look, the business has been growing very strongly. Over the 
last three years, it went from Rs. 3 crore to Rs.8 crore to Rs.22 crore, and this year we have 
visibility into a very strong growth that was one, on the core business. Second is, we have been 
in two significant transactions with them where again, as I said, Arya.ai was already a partner. 
So, there is a value from having Arya being a part of Aurionpro family there because those are 
also quite material revenue numbers overall. So, from a Aurionpro shareholder standpoint, we 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
believe the valuation is extremely compelling in terms of what it can deliver this financial year 
and the next. So, it’s actually, we got very comfortable around that valuation. And as I said, the 
management team hasn’t really diluted materially at all in the transaction. It’s mostly the 
investors who were quite pleased to pass the baton on to us. That probably more or less, gives 
you the. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Just one follow up, Ashish if I may, let us index your number of customers to 100. What is your 
plan to sort of integrate their products, any timeline that you can offer in terms of, how many 
customers can you readily sort of integrate Arya.ai products by, next two years or three years? 
Ashish Rai: 
To our products, I would say, we are anywhere between 50% and 90% right, so I can’t imagine, 
look we are not pivoting, but we are sort of forcing a very strong AI first strategy across our 
entire enterprise application stack. So, over the next couple of years, you will get to see pretty 
much every Aurionpro application with AIML models, either working alongside or embedded 
deep inside the application stack. So, we would basically go 100% on it, but the real impact is 
not just from that, that is obviously a significant upside. But we believe the real impact is the 
impact we can make on the industry. We don’t see mature FSI focused enterprise AI offerings 
globally today, there is a lot of toy applications, there’s a lot of peripheral apps going on. 
There’s a lot of people talking a lot about Gen AI and all the stuff, which is all useful stuff. But, 
the value will get created where businesses run their enterprise workflows and that is where 
the value gets created. We don’t see good answers to it, so we believe this can be a very 
significant play for a very significant price. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood. And just one question on the APAC performance, anything to read into it. APAC 
probably we did about Rs. 50 crore of revenue versus almost Rs.75 crore odd in Q3. Was there 
any one time project there in APAC last quarter, which is probably not there this quarter? How 
should we think about that performance, and also if you can comment on US as well. Thanks. 
Ashish Rai: 
So, look APAC, by and large, the way to look at the number is, we do have our lending business 
primarily based out of APAC, so even when it sells globally, the revenue gets represented as 
APAC revenue we had some material license transactions that happened in Q3. Overall, the 
business continues to grow fairly strongly, I don’t think there is a big sort of change, the number 
of existing accounts keeps on growing, the number the revenue streams are all constant, but 
you will see, there was this transaction with the large FinTech vendor that we talked about 
some part of it was licensing traveling from Singapore, into the US entity. So, that would create 
a little bit of a skew around the number but by and large, there is no material change to the 
structure of the APAC business or the growth. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Deepak Poddar: 
Sir just one quick question on this recent acquisition, so what sort of addition it can have in our 
top line and bottom line over the next two to three years? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, Deepak like I was telling the immediate impact, we expect the business to grow very 
strongly this year that’s probably a double-digit growth sort of addition to the top line. But I 
don’t think that and over the next couple of years, we do expect the business to keep growing. 
So, one side of the business is the AI framework, the second side of business is the pre trained 
model, where you sell out as API calls which are transaction driven and practically most of the 
insurance industry in India uses that, so as the volumes grow, that growth will come in as well. 
So, over the next couple of years, just organically we expect the business to be growing above 
the enterprise growth levels for Aurionpro, that is the business standalone. But the real sort of 
upside for the shareholders and for the enterprise will come in with our ability to launch new 
products in new markets, and that, honestly is not a planned number. I believe the current 
organic growth number justifies the acquisition, the real upside from the new market, new 
product strategy, we will probably take a couple of quarters to do the building that we need to 
do and then come back with a concrete number. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. But just a ballpark number in terms of, will it be possible for you to give in terms of 
rupees, crores how much it can add, in terms of revenue will that be an easy thing for you to 
share basically at this point in time? 
Ashish Rai: 
It will continue to grow, I would say materially higher number than Aurionpro itself is growing, 
Aurionpro itself is growing at 35%. So, that is probably what I can tell you at this day. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Will continue to grow at a rate which is higher than Aurionpro? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, materially higher.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And what would be, I’m not aware of this number, what would be its last year revenue and 
bottom line? 
Ashish Rai: 
Rs. 22 crore.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And bottom line? 
Ashish Rai: 
Bottom line, it’s a very high EBITDA business. So, EBITDA levels are probably, I would say at 
least 8 to 10 points above Aurionpro.  
Deepak Poddar: 
8 to 10 percentage points, so maybe in the range of 30%, 32%, somewhere? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, there about.  

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, fair enough. And secondly, I just wanted to understand are we on lookout for more 
acquisitions that can meaningfully add to our revenue. So, what would be the thought process 
there?  
Ashish Rai: 
So, thought process there is fairly straightforward and I have totally explained this in the past. 
So, there are few things going on, we have clearly defined spaces in which we operate, which 
we have been very transparent about the segments that we are operating in, we have a 
strategic blueprint for each of those segments, whether it’s lending, transaction banking, 
payments, transit, so we have got a sort of strategic blueprint in that space which is sort of a 
product/market, overall map and we have got a number of gaps in that blueprint. So, where 
we find an opportunity to plug a gap in that blueprint, we will make an acquisition, I’m assuming 
it makes sense for us from a, the only lens that matters is, is it value adding to the Aurionpro 
shareholder or not. And at a certain level of value, it makes sense. We don’t have much FOMO 
when it comes to deal making. So, for all, we may not pull the trigger for a long time, but if we 
find the right opportunity to plug a blueprint, we will do the deal. We’ve done three 
acquisitions in the last six months. It’s not really an indicator of how prolific we intend to be, it 
just happens to be that we had a set of very good promoters walk in our door and say we want 
to join you, we want to build a global business, and we think Aurionpro is doing something 
good, so let’s join together and it made sense to us. So, that is broadly how we think about it, 
I do see us doing more of it, because every time you expand it’s a buy versus build. So, we don’t 
normally acquire, for revenue we get very interested in acquiring for tech because if there’s a 
clear gap, and someone has already done a good job of it, it does speed up the time to market 
for us. And we can load it up on the channel we have, on the partnerships we have and create 
value for everyone, including the business we acquire. So, that’s essentially how we are we 
looking at it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Ahan from Vimana Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahan: 
Just had two questions. First one, how do you think the data center space is shaping up given 
that you all are catering to that industry? And the second question is just based on what type 
of opportunities do you see in the data center space to go after, whether it’s global over in 
India, any acquisitions that you are thinking of in that space that could further enhance sort of 
offerings, so if you could share some colors on those please? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes. So, data center is one of those spaces where there is significantly more demand than there 
is supply at the moment. So, of course from a demand standpoint it is just extremely strong. 
The business has been growing, like I said in the past has been growing at higher than 50% 
levels for us now for three years in a row. So, it has obviously been strongly growing. For us, 
data center today is where, for example, transit was a few years back. It’s still largely a skill led, 
services led business. For us, we really extract value out of any segment when we start 
productizing and start driving the nonlinear economics that comes with products. So, we have 
been working on some of those areas in the data center side which you will see coming out 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
over the next few quarters, we have already been piloting some products in a few places. And 
we will come and announce when we feel we are ready. That is what will drive non-linear 
economics, from a demand standpoint, we don’t see the demand slowing down over the next 
few years, there’s just a massive amount of investments going into the space. We keep 
blending the design and the program, managing the bill side of it to make sure that the business 
for us continues to deliver margins at the enterprise ask level or slightly below the enterprise 
ask level but not significantly below. So, that is essentially how it is, it will continue to grow 
well, we will keep working on some R&D to try and create some non-linear economic side of 
the business. We also are selectively exploring global opportunities, but really, there is only so 
much we can take on that business has been growing at a steering pace. And we really need to 
calibrate the growth to make sure we are spending enough time on R&D, we are doing a good 
job of the deliveries, et cetera. So, that’s where we are over the next few years, it will grow 
quite strongly. 
Ahan: 
Thank you for that. And just wanted to understand what are the services in the data center 
side that is the most in demand for Aurionpro sort of focus? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, for us what we specialize in is, we have got one of the strongest data center design teams 
in the country, we really specialize on a lot of complex work like, we would have announced 
over the last few months, the Tier IV data centers, that’s a very, very complex project that we 
were working on with RBI, the IIT Mumbai High Performance Computing Center, the IIT 
Guwahati High Performance Computing Center, etc. So, that really specialized complex work is 
sort of the sweet spot for us. And then we work very closely with a few strategic partners where 
Iron Mountain-Webwerks, the main one that we have disclosed in the past. So, for us that is 
where the sweet spot is doing the complex design work, and program managing the build 
where it makes sense for us to work together with a strategic partner like Iron Mountain and 
Webwerks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Actually, had a couple of things that I wanted to ask. Firstly, of the 30% to 35% growth guidance 
that you are stating, does it include any assumptions from the revenue that we might obtain 
on any future acquisitions? And if you can indicate how much should be the organic growth 
out of this 30% to 35%? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, so thanks Anmol it’s a good question. Look, we are not really planning any of the 30% to 
35% growth coming from any new acquisitions into the enterprise. If new acquisitions happen, 
we will see what impact it has on model. Typically, we have not done very large acquisitions, 
with any materiality in terms of revenue growth. So, I can’t imagine we will, if we get into that 
sort of situation we will come back and message it back to the investors on what it means. So, 
right now, this is all organic. Because if you look at the previous set of acquisitions we did last 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
year, just to answer your question about the impact, the overall full year impact is about 3% to 
4% from those acquisitions so it’s helpful but it’s not like really material from our overall 
revenue growth standpoint anyways. So, we acquire for Tech, we acquire for complementarity 
of the product stack and then we acquire because with the sales channel that we built up, with 
the brand that we built up, with the existing account base that we built up and the partnership 
that we built up, we are able to grow that business many fold from what we have acquired, 
and that’s where the value gets created. So, that’s how we are doing. I hope that answers the 
question, but there’s nothing basically there’s zero plan from new acquisitions in the 30% to 
35%. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure Ashish thanks for the elaborate answer. Secondly, I have a book-keeping sort of question, 
so basically see this year, then our receivable days have gone up by 10 odd days so just wanted 
to understand that as we are signing more and more government contracts would this number 
keep on increasing or we are targeting that we want to keep our receivable days at a certain 
level? 
Ashish Rai: 
So, look the receivable days went up for some very specific reasons. So, we are not signing a 
lot more new government work that actually as a percentage of the business is gone down 
quite significantly. But we have some existing projects which have been running where, actually 
there are three specific ones, the combined impact is about 14 days, where we more or less 
addressed it, but because of elections, because of the temporary sort of situation there, the 
payments got held up for some reason which will hopefully get cleared out, if not this quarter 
by early next quarter. So, those are the three sort of ones cumulative impact about 14 odd 
days, 13 or 14 days. The rest of it, the DSO, the problem is when you are growing at 35%, 40%, 
and the banking side grew very strongly in Q4, then you are just sending a very large number 
of bills out the door. And at the end of Q4, there really is a lot that will happen. So, that just 
automatically pushes the DSO days up. We believe this year, there will be quite a material 
improvement on that whole situation, one, because the mix of the business is again skewing 
quite heavily towards banking, in terms of banking just growing a lot faster overall. And then 
those three specific projects, each of them we have a very specific path to resolving that over 
the next few months. So, that whole thing will come in that. And hopefully that explains the 
things, partly. I think the government side of the business has actually shrunk quite materially 
overall. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. And just one last thing going ahead in FY25, which are the segments that we will be keenly 
focused on. So, will it be product, services or data center. So, just wanted to understand that 
where our focus is right now and which segment should we expect to grow the fastest in FY25? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, look there is always a competition between the segment’s so like I said, we are making a 
few large bets, we are not really choosing our favorites between those bets. The 
transformation in the corporate banking space is a significant bet for us, digital lending is a 
significant bet for us. All the transaction banking deals that you saw with, State Bank of India 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
and et cetera that we announced, that is a huge growth driver overall. Transit, we expect to 
continue to grow, the closed loop to open loop payment transformation is a global 
phenomenon. And, we just find partnerships with MasterCard, Vix, et cetera, which will still 
play out, the partnership with the FinTech vendors that we said will still play out this year. So, 
I would say, the transformation of corporate banking, corporate lending, transaction banking, 
the transit payments, smartification of mobility, the data center side, each of them will grow 
quite significantly, the only side of the business which will probably not grow as fast is the 
government side of the work that we sort of we were talking about earlier. So, I can’t imagine 
any of those segments not growing honestly. So, it would be hard for me to say that this is what 
would be at a segment level, we do feel banking will, so as you have seen in the last three years, 
sorry before FY24, in the last couple of years TIG was growing very strongly. And, I had been 
very clear that we had an intention of slowing down TIG, strategically to focus on margin 
economics and focus on productization there and banking was growing slowly, because we 
were focusing banking on the product building part. Now the roles have sort of switched 
banking, the product build outs are to a large extent done. So, banking will grow a lot more 
strongly, as you saw in Q3, and Q4 and you will see in FY25, and TIG side we will sort of focus 
more on driving the unit economics and, and sort of productizing a lot more, et cetera. So, that 
may be a little bit slower. But all segments, I can’t see any segment which doesn’t have a strong 
demand right now and ultimately, we just need to rise to fulfill that demand. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amarjeet from Kolumbus Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Amarjeet: 
Just a small check, how did we measure the effectiveness of our investment in the R&D space, 
I remember you are quoting a figure for about Rs. 100 crore per annum which is being invested, 
which is more than about 14% to 16% of your cost. So, are there any measures that we are 
using to see the effectiveness, number of patents, number of products or anything else that 
you are using? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, okay good. Thanks, Amarjeet good question. Look for us, so just to get the small stuff out 
first, so patents and all are probably significant to a few of our businesses, but by and large, 
most of the value that we create is around building of products. There are some research 
oriented businesses where patents and all do matter to some extent but again, the sort of 
monetization there is something that we still need to figure out. So, the primary way we 
monetize our R&D is through the products and selling those products into the end client and 
for us. So, typically, we start with a business plan around the build at a 25% return on capital 
as the bar which we look at investments for and then over time, we will measure. The problem 
with the R&D spend is the returns actually come in over a period of time. So, there are two 
types of R&D we are doing, one is the incremental build on the product when you are adapting 
it to a new market or building a new module and that typically will pay for itself in 18 months, 
or maybe even less than that if it’s sort of incremental. But the big bills, it’s sort of like the big 
payments platform we are building out and all, the return comes in over a period of time. So, 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
we hold ourselves to 25% and when we are approving a business plan, and then we 
progressively see that the business unit is delivering against it, but it takes five, six years 
sometimes for that return to probably play out overall. Does that answer your question? 
Amarjeet: 
Yes, it kind of explains how you are thinking about it and approaching it. I have no further 
questions or no further points to make at this stage. I just wanted to think through as to how 
we are processing, what is the thought process on guiding investments into specific areas of 
the business. So, I get it the business plan 25%, et cetera. 
Ashish Rai: 
Thank you for that. It’s a good question, maybe in the next call or something we will probably 
come up with a few, a little bit formal sort of update around it. Thank you for the question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthik Iyer who is an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Karthik Iyer: 
Hi, Ashish congrats on a great set of numbers. I just had one question like, considering the 
remarkable growth and performance that we have had over the last couple of years, I was just 
wondering we are guiding also for about 30% growth next year do we have the bandwidth, 
human capital to push forward with these numbers or how are we thinking about, executing in 
the human capital aspect of the performance? 
Ashish Rai: 
Yes, Karthik that’s a brilliant question. It’s probably the one thing that is maybe the top of the 
priority list when we really look at our thinking or personally for me as well. So, look, that is the 
primary challenge, over the last three years we have grown at 34%, 35% three years back, it 
was Rs.375 crore business. Now, it’s a Rs.900 crore business clocking through the run rate of 
Rs. 1000Cr+ now. So, it is not straightforward to scale that quickly especially in a products 
business, because there’s just a lot of moving parts. We have been very deliberate around 
growing capability in terms of both the management team as well as the, smaller parts in terms 
of technical tooling and components and all to really see that we scale. The way we are looking 
at managing it and the way we are managing it is to not grow too fast. Purely from a demand 
standpoint, if you really press the pedal, I would say there is an opportunity to get other 10 
points of growth or 15 points of growth. The problem is, it will come at an enormous risk to 
delivery, reputation and ability to scale. So, we feel 30% to 35% is the level at which we can 
scale safely. I do take your point, and we are not going to, if we do feel that even at that level, 
it’s going to get hard, then probably we will look at slowing down. Right now how we have 
managed slowing down is, because we have built out a portfolio for precisely this reason. Even 
three years back when we came out and articulated our vision 2030 and the strategy, we said 
we are building out a portfolio because we want to keep the ability to slow down parts of the 
portfolio while we retool and build out the parts. So, the way we are managing it right now is 
last two years banking was growing at 15% why, because we are readying banking for scale, we 
were building the products out, we are building the management team and we are getting 
ready, now banking is going at 40%, 50%. But we spent two years at 15% to get ready for that. 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
TIG was growing at 50%+ for two years, this year it grew 33%. And, we may slow it down further 
if we need to. So, the way we are looking at managing it is, let’s play on the portfolio, let us 
look at it business-by-business and let’s see where we feel we need to slow down a bit to get 
to scale and where we want to press the pedal. So, I don’t know whether it’s that obvious, but 
we not pressing the pedal on all the businesses at the same time. So, that’s how we are 
managing it. I would not understate the risk that you are mentioning. Scaling up for our 
increased scale across all aspects of the organization is the number one agenda for us to 
manage this growth. We have also made huge investments in fixed assets, in capacity, in 
technology layer. Over the last 12 months built out a completely brand-new technology layer 
in the organization across ERP, CRM, HR systems, all that stuff as well, the operating framework 
as well. So, we are trying to be very deliberate in terms of choosing the growth rates we want 
to grow at. We are trying to be very deliberate in choosing which businesses to grow when, 
and at the same time attract a lot of talent from the global majors. We have people join us 
from a lot of global FinTech majors as you would have seen probably with some of the 
announcements and all and really build out a team. Over the last 12 months, we have added I 
would say probably 600 to 700 additional people, that’s almost 30%, 35% additional capacity 
as well. So, we will continue to be very cautious, we will continue to really put the delivery 
reputation of Aurionpro first always in this business that is everything. And we will continue to 
sort of play the portfolio to see that we scale safely. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from Alchemy Capital 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
So, Ashish a lot has been happening around Indian banks, Indian banking space around the 
regulatory pushback and a lot of these head of banks have come out in the open, talking of 
significant increase in the technology spending. Do we sense an opportunity here, maybe 
wallet share gains, better products for some of the CTOs of these banks, how should we see 
this particular trend playing out for us? 
Ashish Rai: 
Look, it’s playing out very well. So, even this year just the increase in the order book, if you look 
at it, banking side has increased quite significantly, for the first time in a long time it’s outpaced 
TIG, and a lot of it is coming from the Indian banking space. This is the first time we signed a 
Rs.100-crore+ deal with State Bank of India, for example we signed with other public sector 
banks, as well as the largest private sector bank. So, we see a massive momentum in terms of 
tech-spend in India. We see a very significant opportunity in terms of transformation at a bank 
level when it comes to the technology stack. So, there is a lot of transformation, so is the right 
word you will need on the overall tech layer within banks when it comes to not just the digital 
side of things, but being able to use the modern AI assets, being able to really meet the 
regulatory mandates, and make sure everything is integrated and working well. So, we sense a 
huge opportunity, we have had seen a significant uptick this year. Last year, in terms of the 
order book coming in from the Indian bank and this year, the size of the pipeline itself is just 
very significant. So, we expect it to grow very strongly for us. We are launching some new 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
offerings as well in the Indian market, I don’t want to announce that ahead of the curve, but 
we will have some additional offerings coming out to the Indian banking space over the next, I 
would say quarter or so. 
Vimal Gohil: 
So, are you saying that this is business as usual for us this entire regulatory overhaul that is, the 
pushback that is happening for some of these large Indian banks, was the growth in spend 
already there for us. And this is nothing, this may not be incremental?  
Ashish Rai: 
No, it’s both. So, there was already an uptick in growth coming in. So, transaction banking for 
example we will close the number of deals, just the number of pipeline deals has tripled 
probably over the last 12 months. So, there was already growth in spend happening, part of it 
could be because of the need for technology upgrade and stuff. And we sense some newer 
opportunities, which we are launching some specific offering against over the next couple of 
quarters. So, it’s also incremental but we were seeing that growth from the Indian banking 
space anyways. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Understood. And just on your comment on, banking will now grow strong, TIG will probably 
grow at a slower pace, but will improve on margins, given the fact that a lot of our licenses are 
coming from BFSI. This, statement mathematically tells me that margins should see an uptick, 
but your guidance clearly suggests that margins should be in the range. What is the offset here? 
Ashish Rai: 
Offset largely is the R&D. The size of the opportunity in front of us Vimal is just so large. It’s just 
really each of the major segments we have are staring at, kind of the size of opportunities we 
have not seen before. But that combined with the fact that we are super competitive right now, 
from a product standpoint, we are probably one of the most cost efficient players around. And 
we have a very grown up sales channel now going out and competing for deals, all of that 
together really increases the size of opportunity and we really need to build against it. So, at 
the moment, this is not the time to optimize margins, this is the time to maximize how much 
we can capitalize on the opportunities in front of us. And probably in two years’ time or three 
years’ time we will start looking at optimizing margins. So yes the delta for the next two, three 
years, I would expect would be R&D. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish 
Rai for closing comments. 
Ashish Rai: 
Hi, thank you. So, thanks, everyone for joining this call. We had, like we discussed the three 
consecutive years of +30% growth, I don’t believe there are many tech players in India or Asia 
or even globally who of our scale, who have been growing that fast. The focus that we would 
have is to continue that growth, we will put more capital to use as we have in terms of really 
maximizing that growth. And the only lens that we will use for it is whether or not that use of 
capital makes sense for the Aurionpro shareholder. The size of opportunity in front of us is 
large, the beam has been executing very well. We feel very good about where we are from a 

                                                                                                                  Aurionpro Solutions Limited 
                                                                                       May 15, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
talent standpoint, from the management team standpoint, and we believe strongly in what we 
are building out. So, you will see more from us next quarter. Thank you for joining this call. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Aurionpro Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may not disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription 
errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to 
ensure high level of accuracy 
 
