 
Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Vios Tower, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.com 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
 
 
 
April 29, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/Institutional Investors Call pertaining to the Audited Financial 
Results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Further to our letter dated April 10, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Institutional Investors Call on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024 held on Tuesday, April 23, 2024.  
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
 
 
 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
SRIKANT 
SHIVDAS 
NAIR
Digitally signed 
by SRIKANT 
SHIVDAS NAIR 
Date: 2024.04.29 
15:32:10 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Rallis India Limited  
Q4 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call 
April 23, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rallis India Limited's Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call.   Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Rallis India Limited's Q4 
and FY24 Earnings Call. We have with us today Mr. Gyanendra Shukla, Managing Director and 
CEO, Mr. Nagarajan, the Chief Operating Officer, and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, Chief Financial 
Officer. Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in the result presentation. 
 
I now invite Mr. Shukla to begin proceedings of the call. Over to you, sir. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Thanks, Gavin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today in our Q4 FY24 
Earnings Call. As mentioned by Gavin, I have alongside with me Nagarajan, who is our Chief 
Operating Officer, and Subhra, who is our CFO. Let me begin the discussion by delving into the 
industry landscape initially, post which I will discuss Rallis' specific developments. But before that, 
let me provide a brief overview of my background. I'm new to the company, but I have over three 
decades of experience. 
I have handled diverse roles and assignments across various regions, and I have spent about two 
decades at Monsanto, and then my last job was at JK Agri Genetics before joining Rallis India. I'm 
excited to be part of the Rallis family and take our journey forward.  
Moving forward in terms of domestic market, demand was sluggish, with Q4 being a seasonably 
small quarter. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Low reservoir levels and heat waves in the southern region impacted overall demand. However, 
northern and western regions have seen good momentum. The outlook is positive with the news 
around La Nina. We are expecting good rains. Export business continues to witness low prices and 
poor demand, as channel destocking continues across the globe. Commentary from many global 
players also indicate that getting back to normal demand level may take longer than originally 
anticipated. 
Moving on to the Rallis developments, our sales for the quarter stood at Rs.436 crore, and we have a 
degrowth of roughly 17% over the corresponding period quarter last year. A large part of this 
degrowth was price-led, with volume degrowth being in low single digit. If we further look into this, 
domestic crop care experienced a 9% degrowth solely attributed to the price drop, with volume being 
flat. 
Export business experienced a major drop with 27% decline, with a drop across both price and 
volumes. The seed business had a growth over a small base in the quarter 4, with full-year growth 
being 21%. So, seed has really turned around this year quite well. 
During these times, our teams have been focusing on shorter calls on both procurement and pricing, 
enabling improvements in gross margins. This year, there was some work done on overhead 
optimization. As a result, despite quarter 4 being a low seasonal quarter for us, our actions around 
pricing and cost management have helped the business generate Rs.6 crore of EBITDA. Loss for the 
quarter is around Rs 21 cr versus the loss in the similar period last year, about Rs.69 crore. Last year, 
quarter EBITDA was also impacted by Rs 63 crore for the provision taken for slow-moving inventory 
and impairment of intangibles. 
Turning our attention to individual businesses, starting with domestic business, our efforts in recent 
years have been more directed towards having differentiated products, offering to solve farmers' 
needs. We have a robust exercise of starting with the product-pest combination to identify the gaps 
and have the right product to fill them. The pace of new product launches has picked up meaningfully 
in recent years. 
In quarter 4, we have launched three new products in the crop nutrition portfolio, reaching to a total 
count of 19 new product launches, out of which 13 are being under crop protection and 6 are under 
crop nutrition portfolio. Our innovation turnover index has improved to 15.9%. We recognize this is a 
key lever for growth and are taking various steps to scale up launches. You will see more efforts in 
the future increasingly getting directed towards it. 
We will continue our endeavor to increase the market reach in targeted geographies. Our distribution 
network for domestic crop care stood at roughly 4,500 dealers and a retail footprint of about 60,000as 
of March 24. We are also progressively increasing digital investment both in the front and back end to 
build a more connected, agile, and effective organization. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Moving to the seed business, after a few challenging years, I'm very pleased to report that fiscal year 
‘24 has been a good year for the business. Growth was robust at 21%, led by volumes on the backup 
good offtake for our cotton hybrids, namely Diggaz and Aatish Express. In addition to cotton hybrids, 
sales for the other crops like paddy, maize, and millet also remained steady. Through several 
concerted actions taken during the last couple of years, we have been able to make the business more 
focused and optimized, helping to break even during the year. Our efforts are now around building a 
promising portfolio pipeline. Teams are focused on Kharif ‘24 as we are already entering the season 
and working their best to address the industry challenges of shortages across hybrid seeds. 
Moving on to international business, the lower prices and soft demand continued amidst channel 
destocking. We expect the situation to persist for some more time. Acephate is facing challenges in 
Brazil and price for all our key active ingredients continues to be soft. The geopolitical situation 
further adds uncertainty to the timing of recovery. Even during these turbulent times, Pendimethalin 
continues to show good traction, especially in the U.S. and EU. We have already announced our plan 
to scale up production capacities, which should become operational by the end of fiscal year 25. 
Our custom synthesis and manufacturing business was steady during the year. We finished the 
production of new CM material for our multipurpose plant and are readying the plant for the smaller 
batches of an intermediate for another innovator. We continue to engage with prospective customers, 
including their visits to our plants, and we are hopeful that some of these will translate into 
meaningful future opportunities. 
Even though industry and business are navigating through near-term challenges, we are committed to 
our longer-term strategy and our making necessary investment towards it. On a positive note, I am 
happy with the advance collections in our seed business and the continuing good response for our 
cotton seed, Diggaz and other hybrids which are being sold in northern part of India. That concludes 
my opening remarks. 
I will now hand over it to Subhra for a detailed analysis of the financials. Over to you, Subhra. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for our Q4 and FY24 
earnings call. I will walk you through our financial performance for the quarter, post which we shall 
commence our Q&A session. 
Starting with the top line for the quarter, our revenue stood at Rs.436 crore as against Rs.523 crore for 
the same period last year, which is lower by 17%. A large part of this drop was due to the pricing drop 
of 13%, which is due to a sharp meltdown in input costs. Exports continue to be under pressure, with 
the quarter degrowth being 27%. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.6 crore against a total loss of 
Rs.65 crore for the same period last year. Loss for the quarter stood at Rs. 21 crore as against a loss of 
Rs.69 crore during the previous year.  
Moving on to business-wise performance. As far as exports are concerned, volume growth remains 
benign amid channel destocking. Demand trend across the key markets remains muted. In addition to 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
the weak demand, we have also witnessed sharp moderation in the prices of our key products during 
the fiscal, with rates for some of our key input raw materials dropping in the range of 40% to 60% 
from the peak levels.  
As far as seeds business is concerned, we had a fairly good year, underpinned by the strong 
performance of our cotton hybrids, a few of which have seen significant growth in volumes. Besides 
improving the product portfolio, we are also committed to keeping lower inventory covers to improve 
our agility. Our inventory levels in seeds have significantly reduced. We are also using technology in 
deploying solutions, which we believe will significantly help in reducing sales return, thereby 
enabling efficiency in operations. Our efforts in cost savings have also helped us break even during 
the year.  
Volume growth was flat in domestic business, with price degrowth contributing to the overall 
degrowth of 9%. Despite this, timely actions and efforts towards improving the mix over the years 
have helped in improving gross profit to more than 30%. We continue to take shorter pricing and 
procurement calls and build strategic inventory only as it is relevant. Our actions around working 
capital have continued.  
With good efforts on inventory and debtors, we have close to Rs.280 crore of liquid balance as on 
March 31st, with near nil borrowings. This healthy cash position will help us in good stead and help 
us navigate these volatile times. We are also taking several steps to improve the asset utilization levels 
by building necessary flexibility. We expect our capex to be in the range of Rs.100 crore to Rs.150 
crore. 
That concludes the opening remarks. We can now commence the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ma'am. The first question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SiMPL.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just a couple of questions, first is on the domestic business, if you can just probably give some 
perspective in terms of volume in this particular quarter and how does our inventory in the market 
compare versus the overall industry?   
S. Nagarajan: 
So if I got you right, Viraj, you wanted to know the inventory position in the market. We think that 
our inventory is a little on the higher side compared to our previous year. However, we think it is 
comparable to what we find in the industry. 
We have had some difficulties in the quarter four of last year in terms of liquidation, which has 
contributed to this. As far as the volume growth in the domestic business…  
Subhra Gourisaria:  
It is flat. 
S. Nagarajan: 
 
It has been flat. Volume growth has been flat. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Viraj: 
Okay. Second question is on the contribution margins for the company as a whole, right? So if I look 
at the period between, say, 2014 to 2018, right, the company used to generate average contribution 
margins, gross margins of around 44%, 45%. And if you look at each of those two businesses, say, 
crop care and so on, upwards of 40% to 45%, seeds used to be close to 50% gross margin.  
But since 2019, since we don't publish, if you look at the period between 2019 to 2024, that 
moderation has come down to 40% in gross margin. So if one wants to just understand the factors 
which contributed to a higher contribution margin in that period between 2014 to 2018 and the 
reasons for moderation in the last five years. 
So why I'm asking this is because if I look at Q4 particularly, we reported a contribution margin of 
roughly around 44%, which is the highest it has been in the last six years. So if one can just give a 
perspective, the reasons why we used to earn such a high margin in the past and the reason for 
moderation and how one should look at contribution margin behaving for us in the future. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, Viraj, firstly, I think given the seasonality of the business, you should only look at annualized 
numbers, not look at quarter numbers in terms of gross margins. So longer term over the last four, five 
years, your assessment is right, that the gross margins have indeed come down. 
And it is a combination of raw material inflation, which was not fully absorbed through prices. We 
had a volatile situation globally. In the last few quarters, I would say last year, we have done 
relatively better in terms of improving our price versus cost . 
And certainly the other big factor which influences gross margin is crop care versus seeds. Seeds 
makes relatively better margins. So as the seeds mix in the portfolio keeps dropping, which is what 
has happened in the last two years, the gross margins have also come down as a result. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Institutional Equities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Just a couple of questions, first on the financials, the finance cost seems to be a little bit on the higher 
side this quarter, about Rs.8 crore, even though we've paid down all the debt basically on the balance 
sheet. 
So just sort of wondering what might be driving that. And then on the capex number for the year, I 
believe it was about Rs.80-odd crore. Was that a little bit lower than your original plans? If so, were 
there any project deferrals? And then what do we expect next year's capex to be spent on, which 
projects in particular? Thank you. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, on your first question on finance cost, so you're right that there's practically no borrowings. So 
this finance cost is more of IND-AS ROU assets and the factoring that we do for export receivables. 
So that's what is sitting in the interest cost. As far as the question on capex is concerned, the large part 
of our capex was completed. I would say the capex cycle was completed towards FY'23.  

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
What you see in FY'24 is more the residual capex for multipurpose plant, which we commissioned in 
the midcourse of the year, and more on sustenance capex. Given that the larger part of the capex 
cycle, I believe, is now complete out of the original plan that we had decided, FY'25 capex should be 
in the vicinity of Rs.100 to Rs.150. We have a bigger exercise to now get maximum utilization from 
the assets commissioned. 
Abhijit Akella: 
 
Okay. So that will be primarily maintenance capex again, right, going forward? 
 Gyanendra Shukla: 
Maintenance capex plus we want to invest something in R&D. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, understood. And also just to follow up on the finance cost, so given that this is largely factoring 
for receivables, and then the Ind-AS impact, should we expect this to be a sustainable run rate going 
forward on a quarterly run rate basis? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It will drop to a certain extent, but you can say, Abhijit, it would be in a similar range. 
Abhijit Akella: 
 
Understood. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
You would have seen that -- in our balance sheet also, you would have seen the ROU assets have also 
gone up. So this is more around depreciation and interest, and in COGS you see some contra impact. 
So Rs.3 crore-Rs.4 crore you'll see there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital.   
Ankur Periwal: 
My first question is on the domestic crop protection side, you did mention launch of new products. So 
wanted your comments in terms of how should one look at the new product ramp up or new product 
launches going ahead. And for FY'24, broadly, how has been the contribution from older products 
versus the newer products? 
S. Nagarajan: 
So as far as FY'24 is concerned, as you may have seen in the investor deck, the ITI index, which we 
actually calculate, based on the last four years introductions, what kind of revenue they contribute to 
the base, that has actually reached about 16%, which was higher than the previous two, three years 
figures. In terms of the products that we launched in FY'24, some of the crop protection products have 
received a very, very encouraging response. We do believe that there is a significant opportunity to 
scale up. 
Clasto is one of the brands that we are really hopeful of scaling up sizably in the years to come. Some 
of the other products have had relatively satisfactory kind of scale-up, but not in the same league as 
Clasto. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. And secondly, on the seeds business, while this year we saw a good growth on the revenue 
front, and in the initial comments we did mention on, you know, ramp up in terms of overheads being 
lower and margin uptake, just wanted to get your thoughts on both revenue growth as well as on the 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
margin side and whether the revenue growth will be only led by cotton or there are some more 
initiatives across other crops? 
S. Nagarajan: 
Cotton is certainly a very important component and we are very hopeful that Diggaz will further scale 
up. In terms of the immediate situation, as we have mentioned, there have been challenges in the 
production quantities in the Rabi of last year. But if you discount that and kind of look at it over a 
longer time frame, we certainly believe we have opportunity to scale up in both paddy maize, I mean 
in paddy maize and in Bajra. All the three crops. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes. Hi team. Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. So my question is that in the last four to 
five years, we had a vision of almost capex of Rs.800 crores in driving the capacities in different 
verticals in the company. I think that is broadly over now. However, not much reflected in the bottom 
line of the company, but at least the capex cycle is over. 
Just wanted to understand that at the management level, do you have any further thought process? So 
you gave some number of next year capex of close to Rs.100 crore, but do you have that over next 
three to four years? What kind of investment you want to make in the business? And if not, then we 
are still a very healthy cash flow generating company. So what are the expected uses of the free cash 
flows that you are going to generate over next three to four years? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes. so I think as far as capex is concerned, manufacturing side, I think we have done enough. And as 
we said, it will be sustenance only. On R&D side, we believe that we need to ramp up. And so the 
current year capex, we are looking at really more directed towards R&D. 
And I think R&D, our ability to launch new product and then our ability to produce, these are the two 
fundamental things. Now, going forward, I guess our focus is going to be shifting more towards 
improving, enhancing our customer connect. Probably increasing our marketing spend where we can 
actually get more stickiness with the customers. Because now backend is ready, we have to focus on 
the customer. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So in terms of the CRAMS business, which has yet not seen any significant ramp up in the last two to 
three years. Also in B2B where some of the product prices have been weak. Do you see that part of 
the business where the investment in MPP and all has already gone and the prices globally have 
stabilized, So is that business showing some kind of recovery and do we expect that over the next two 
to three years? Do you see that any major ramp up can be seen in a CRAMS business and also in a 
B2B category where we have a couple of products? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So you're right. I think we are almost getting out of a very difficult cycle the industry has gone 
through. And still, if you look at the commentary which has come from the global companies, there 
are still some residual challenges left. And the way this plant is designed with a variety of reactions 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
we can do I think now really we're going to focus on B2B customer and say, look, how we can 
generate extra business. And part of the purpose is that we can do different kind of products. 
So I guess that's the next focus. And I guess it doesn't reflect right now because the situation itself is 
very difficult. But going forward, the purpose for which is created, I'm sure we'll have more 
opportunities on our way. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities.   
Archit Joshi: 
 So I have a couple, firstly, on the active ingredient pricing, I think we've seen a fair bit of 
stabilization happening in some of the key AIs. So do you think that this is kind of bottomed out here 
and from here on with improvement in pricing, especially on the international business going ahead? 
Let's say maybe a couple of quarters down the line, we should start seeing a pickup on the pricing 
front and on the volume side. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Well, I mean, I don't have a crystal ball to predict, but all I can say, yes, there has been, I mean, the 
steep decline which was happening that has slowed down. And it varies from molecule to molecule. 
Some molecules are almost stabilized and so on. Marginal upward trend. But by and large, I would 
say it's stabilized. 
A lot will depend on how this inventory starts getting consumed globally because they're all part of 
the global network. These molecules are traded across the globe. So how agriculture consumption 
goes around the world that will depend a lot on that. 
Archit Joshi: 
So my second question is, with your experience with a very successful seed franchise like Monsanto, 
have you had any strategy for Rallis' seed business, which is just at the cusp of being turned around, 
especially in FY '24? Anything that you've identified as a strategy for Rallis' seed business going 
forward, picking up cues from your previous experience in Monsanto? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I think seed business, basically what I call is a germplasm business. And I have just resumed here. 
I'm in the process of reviewing the details of the business. But I believe we have good fundamentals 
in place. And what works for seed companies around the world is really focus. I think we are going to 
really focus on important segments, important markets, and important crops. 
And there's no reason. I mean, obviously, we're all part of the cyclical business. Things will happen. 
But I think the kind of focus we give and the kind of investment we make in the technology and 
germplasm that will define future success and growth. Obviously, we had sort of short-term 
challenges. And sometimes they cannot be foreseen But yes, we have a thought process. It's too early 
to comment on that. But yes, there's a thinking going on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshita Shah from Antique Stock Broking.  
Darshita Shah: 
I had two questions. One was regarding CRAMS. I think we commercialized one formulation and one 
intermediate last year. So I wanted to understand the scale up and the plan for FY '25, if you have 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
any? And I think there was one more product that we were to commercialized in CRAMS. So 
probably some update on that. And second on the MPP capacity utilization? How was it by the end of 
FY '24? FY '25, we have given a guidance of 60%. So do we expect to achieve that? And apart from 
Difenoconazole, how many more products do we have in the pipeline to be launched at the MPP for 
FY '25? 
S. Nagarajan: 
Yes, I think as far as the introductions of last year are concerned, they have more or less been 
completed. There is one of the products which will be completing in April. In terms of scaling up for 
those, certainly they are also susceptible to the kind of global challenges in terms of inventory, which 
the customers are also sort of experiencing. So we are in discussions with the customer in terms of the 
volume requirements for the upcoming year. 
As far as the MPP itself is concerned, we have an opportunity to do an intermediate for an innovator 
company, which we have mentioned in the opening remarks, which is what we are next getting geared 
up for. Certainly, I think as the requirement for the different AIs and intermediate volumes stabilize, 
there is an expectation that our MPP utilization will also improve. At this point in time, certainly it is 
a bit uncertain, and we are working through that. We are working with the customers to improve the 
utilization levels. 
Darshita Shah: 
 
Okay. Any guidance for FY'25 towards utilization? Or we probably comment later on that? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I don't think we can work out the utilization because it depends on which products are being 
manufactured. But suffice to say that we will work on maximizing the utilization. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.  
S. Ramesh: 
So if you look at the results, despite the fall in top line, there is an improvement in the margins in the 
domestic business. So is that something of a silver lining? Is that kind of trend likely to sustain in 
FY'25?  
And what is the kind of ballpark volume growth you can expect assuming that the monsoon is as good 
as expected based on the met forecast? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So margins I don't think – see, we are trying to do whatever is best in terms of managing the cost 
versus price competitively and looking at how do you do it in an agile manner to ensure that the gross 
margin keeps improving, but it's difficult to I would say give any forward guidance in this respect. 
Monsoons, yes, there's a positivity around it currently, but how it spreads spatially and how is it in 
terms of timing needs to be watched out, but certainly there's a lot of optimism around it at present in 
terms of domestic markets. 
S Ramesh: 
So is there any indication from the channels in terms of their willingness to take additional material in 
anticipation of demand or we have to wait till we see the monsoons in May, June? How does the 
season look as we stand today? 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes, so I think it's too early for crop protection business, but yes seed we have seen increased interest 
from the trade channel and that is also reflected in some of the advances we collect from the market. 
So seed, yes, optimism and a good seed purchase, good planted acres and supported by good rainfall 
generally in normal course would lead to a good crop protection season. 
S Ramesh: 
Okay. And what would be the current capacity utilization in all your AI plants both for domestic and 
exports? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So it differs between plants to plants. For instance, pendimethalin we are seeing positive uptake and 
that's where the capacity utilizations will be better. Acephate we'll have to ensure that the cost 
dynamics are taken care.  
Otherwise, the demand levels, I would say, we mostly end up using for the full capacity levels. 
Metribuzin, yes, the capacity utilization is currently lower and that's where we're working on in terms 
of how do we flexibilize the capacity utilization. Hexaconazole is more or less around the full 
capacity utilization. 
S Ramesh: 
Okay. Thank you very much. And Mr. Shukla, welcome aboard and wish you all the best. Thank you 
very much.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Somaiah V from Avendus Spark.  
Somaiah V: 
First question is on the domestic market, sir. From a pricing standpoint, so we've seen decline last 
year. So do you think that we are almost bottoming out there and then we do expect price increase the 
rest of the year or what is the status there in the domestic pricing? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
If you're referring about crop protection, I would say, look from a very what do you call unfavorable 
weather for last 6 months in the country which has led to certain inventory buildup and the next 
consumption cycle of crop protection, the big one really starts after the rains.  
So I think still there's a pressure on the market. As I said, when question was asked by Ramesh that 
things have to, I mean, things are looking positive from seed offtake perspective, but then it has to 
translate into a good crop later on. 
Somaiah V: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, pendimethalin capacity that you are referring to, you were referring to 
increase by end of FY25 some capacity additions. So what are the capacity addition quantum here and 
what will be at end of FY25. If you can give the capacity in total for pendi and metribuzin, it will be 
helpful by end of FY25? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Pendimethalin is where we are looking at capacity expansion and it should go in the vicinity of 
around 7,000 tons. Metribuzin is -- we are not looking at any capacity expansion. Metribuzin is the 
current capacity, which is around 3,000 tons. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Purohit from SiMPL.  

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ravi Purohit: 
I have a question for Mr. Shukla. Sir you've been part of Mahyco Monsanto for a fairly long period of 
time. And I think our new independent director, Mr. D. Narain also has been part of the Monsanto 
Group and Bayer Crop Sciences subsequently for a longer period of time.  
So we have two very strong experienced people who have joined Rallis, one as an Independent 
Director and one as a Managing Director. And especially the two most successful seed brands also 
Dekalb and BT Cotton. 
So if you could just share your own vision for Rallis India now that you've joined here as an MD for 
the next 5 years, do you have any vision in your mind as to what are the things that you would like 
where would you like Rallis to be in 3 years or 5 years from now?  
And what are the segments which you think could lead that growth for the company? Does seeds have 
that kind of potential? Today we are only Rs, 200 crore, Rs300 crore, Rs 400 crore in revenue terms 
whereas the market itself is very large compared to that. So if you could just spend some time and just 
share a vision with all the listeners today it will be helpful for us to kind of see this forward? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Thank you for asking a question on and around the strategy. No, thank you very much for that 
question. The two things I would say, look, if you look Rallis as a company I think we have a very 
strong parentage and our brand is very strong and we have done a good job of enhancing our 
manufacturing capabilities. 
There has been also some work done on improving the quality of the seed research. We have a very 
extensive distribution network and I think the important thing is from here on how we direct some of 
the resources towards R&D. I think our R&D capability needs to be further enhanced because the 
both businesses we are in, our ability to launch new product and scale them fast will actually define 
because it's a very competitive segment. 
There's no dearth of player and everybody's trying to do the same thing. It depends who does things 
faster and better. I think speed matters and our ability to really innovate faster. So our focus is going 
to be shifting more towards how effectively we connect with our customers.  
So how do we deepen our relationship with the customers and how fast we basically bring the new 
product because we get those two things right. I think our ability to launch big and then scale up the 
volume will significantly enhance. So if you say focus, focus is really R&D and customer connect as 
we move forward. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. And sir, if we could also kind of share a little bit about our strategy on CRAMS and some of 
the products that we've mentioned in the last quarter that we've started for one intermediate, one 
formulation and there was also one product which we had started supplying after a long period of 
time.  

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So generally what kind of scale up can we see in this segment of the business over a longer period of 
time? What kind of potential does it hold? We've been working at it for a long period of time. So 
when do we actually see the fruits of all the investments and all the time and effort that has been put 
out in this business? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes, so difficult to predict the timeline, but this CRAMS business primarily depends on our 
efficiency, our ability to deliver efficiency to the customer. So that aspect certainly we are particularly 
looking at it. And other thing is really developing our relationship with the potential customer. I guess 
a lot of these customers as part of, I would say, China Plus One strategy also would be attracted to 
India. It's a question of who gets them first. I think we have good capacity, good credentials backed 
by our group parentage. 
I think we're the right candidate for those customers.  I think we have to reach out to more customers 
and demonstrate them our capabilities and develop some long term relationship to make that business 
successful. So that's all I would say from a strategy perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
So first question again slightly delving on the new project Rallis Science and Technology Centre. So 
what could be different from what we have been doing till now and given that R&D will be relatively 
high gestation period project or segment.  
When do we see any fruitful outcome of these, given that, it may take 2 years, 3 years down the line 
to actually come out with new technologies or so? And just if you can give us where we are currently 
lacking in terms of technology or R&D capabilities, and which are the areas which we want to 
strengthen like whether it is the new molecule development or the molecules which are currently 
going off patent. So we would like to enter into those areas. Just a little bit more would be really 
helpful.  
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Yes, so look, so one thing is very, very important to understand. Rallis is doing R&D, right? So we 
have been investing in R&D and significantly enough. Now we are developing a new center because 
we want to move to a better center, which has a better working environment. I know for the potential 
scientists and technical people will be working there. So the R&D investment from that perspective is 
more directed at improving infrastructure. 
Now, from a focus perspective, as we said, if you look at crop protection side, I think one of the areas 
probably we have not invested in the past is some of the new chemistries which have come up on the 
fluorination and all. So that's where our focus is going to be. 
On the seed side, I guess we were focusing on seed research, biotech, and everything else. But there is 
a lot of attention shifting globally to leveraging more modern breeding tools like genomics, 
phenomics, and all, those kind of tools. So we are going to reorient our R&D to more modern tools 
because that brings a better product and it also reduces the time needed for the innovation. 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So that's how we are going. I think at the end of the day, an R&D infrastructure is part of the thing, 
but the kind of people you get in the kind of direction they get and what kind of tool we can provide. 
So our focus is really more people and tools enabled R&D. Building is just a part of it. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Thanks. That's helpful. The second question is in terms of the current environment, in terms of 
the pricing has more or less bottomed out. However, you also mentioned that there have been 
inventories in the system, both in domestic market as well as global market. So even if we assume that 
the rainfall is normal and it leads to volume growth, is there any possibility that since last year 
average pricing was relatively higher and given that we are at the bottom of the pricing, it may not get 
reflected in strong revenue growth despite a strong volume growth led by monsoon during the next 
Kharif season? Your perspective. Thank you. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So you're right. I guess market is generally carrying a little high cost inventory and market price 
realization may not be same. But I guess the situation we are entering is better than what we were in. 
We have to be optimistic and we have to work towards it. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
The anniversary of pricing drop will take some time, but I think we should look at more effort and 
whether we are able to ensure that the price versus cost is positive. So there could be a temporary 
maybe in one quarter and impact because of the price drop in the base anniversary. 
Moderator: 
  The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset Management.  
Arjun Khanna: 
My first question was regarding the fertilizer piece. I do see a slide number six where we have talked 
about water soluble fertilizers, etcetera. Just wanted to understand, are we looking at nano-urea, nano-
dap? Is there any R&D going on that front? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So you already know that we are not in the bulk fertilizer and nano-urea also basically is part of the 
same segment. We are not looking at that segment as of now. 
Arjun Khanna: 
 
Sure. And there's no R&D efforts going on that front? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So our R&D and collaboration efforts are more directed towards crop nutrition, what we call, which 
are more specialty products. 
S Nagarajan: 
 
Biostimulants, Bio-pesticides. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Exactly. That helps in unlocking some of the locked nutrition in the soil. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Fair enough. It's just that there's a line in the presentation, complete focus on non-subsidized 
fertilizers. So I figured since the nano side is non-subsidized. Anyway, fair enough. The second query 
is regarding parentage. So you did mention strong parentage on TATA group and that is held through 
TATA chemicals, which has also recently increased stake. 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
So are there any linkages in terms of our R&D efforts, etcetera, with their spec chem facilities? And 
how do we look at our relationship with our parent TATA chemicals? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
I think across the companies, our relationship remains very strong. We always keep looking at 
synergies. And as and when needed, obviously, we look at the capabilities they have got. We would 
never get into a situation where different companies are creating the same capabilities. We would 
internally leverage whatever we have. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Institutional Equities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
The seeds inventory situation as of, in our books I'm saying, the inventory that we are carrying for the 
upcoming year, will it be possible to just quantify how much that is up by on a year-on-year basis? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It's actually down, Abhijit, for the reasons that you mentioned. There are two reasons, actually. First, 
we liquidated some of the old inventory. So we actually took a call in terms of winding down, or 
become more focused in terms of inventory procurement for the hybrids which were low in terms of 
off-take. 
And secondly, as we mentioned, that there were production challenges in terms of some of the 
hybrids. So the inventory levels are actually lower than last year. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. Thank you. And just the other one was, there was a mention earlier on in the call regarding an 
increase in advanced bookings in the seed business. So if it's possible to share some color around 
which crop business on, is it mainly on cotton? And if so, how much would be the increase in 
bookings year-over-year? 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
In general, because industry, I think trade probably understands that inventory is going to be in short 
supply because it's just not our problem. In general, productions have been lower because of the water 
and rainfall challenges in the seed production areas. So it's channel's way of trying to secure supplies 
for them. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It is significantly higher than last year, Abhijit, and it's also driven buoyancy towards the cotton 
hybrid demand that we have. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you, Ma'am. The next question is from the line of Viraj Kacharia from SIMPL.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
Yes, three questions. First is on a follow-up on the gross margin. If you look at the last one year itself, 
and you look at the way RM’s behaved, a lot of other B2C companies have seen a sizable expansion 
in gross margin. 
So for us, when we say the RM’s held, but when you see all the overall reported numbers, the 
expansion has not been to that extent. So what has been the dragged – what factors do you think have 
dragged the expansion in gross margin? And just a part two on that is, first to kind of -- if you look at 
the overall balance sheet, which we have, we're on a net cash basis. And given the way the RM prices 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
are now behaving in new segments, are we kind of looking at maximizing the spreads, at least in the 
domestic B2C business in terms of, say, buying out inventory in bulk? So that's one of the things we 
may be looking at going into 2025. So that is one. 
Second is on the overall financials, if you look at '24 as a whole, we have something close to Rs.19, 
Rs.20 crores in terms of say provision for doubtful debts and impairments on intangibles. So is this 
what a sustainable runway one should expect going forward? Or there was some one-offs in '24 as 
well? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So in terms of gross margin, the pure play B2C players might have had, but I think what we do is we 
balance out long-term and short-term. So we will not significantly increase the pricing if that's not 
competitive. Plus, of course, there's a dent in the margin which has come because of the international 
business, since we are looking at margins for crop care as a whole. 
While the domestic formulations have done better, and I mentioned that the gross margins have 
improved there, but in exports, because of the entire competitive intensity, the margins are lower. I 
think your other question was around one-offs, right? 
S Nagarajan: 
Sorry, procurement. Yes, we do buy what we call strategic procurement in order to take advantage of 
what we think is the pricing outlook for different raw materials. But that's a normal thing that we have 
been doing over the last few years. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
But we do not take any very long calls. 
S Nagarajan: 
 
We take very calibrated and careful calls. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
We do not take long calls because it's difficult to predict whether it's still the bottom out or not, and I 
think it's important to be in the market. I would say be with the market rather than play long calls. The 
last one in terms of provisions, yes, there could be some provisions which would have come because 
the receivables have gone up, but nothing specific to be called out in terms of any one-off. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital.   
Rahil Shah: 
Yes, hi, good morning. Firstly, I believe you mentioned about some capacity expansion. I just missed, 
for which line of product was it? I think you mentioned something 7000 tons by end of FY'25. Can 
you please just repeat for me? 
S. Nagarajan: 
 
It's for Pendimethalin. 
Rahil Shah: 
And what are your strategies for CRAMs? I believe you also spoke something about development 
there. So what are your strategies there? And now overall for FY'25, what can one expect going ahead 
in terms of overall business growth considering the pricing improvement you are seeing, the rainy 
season expected ahead, and the R&D strategies that will be there given the new facility and the 
expansion. So please, if you can just elaborate on that. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
Well, so as I said earlier, I don't think we are putting a number at this point of time. These are all 
positive signs. We are coming out of a very difficult season. So, we are calibrating those things, not in 
a position to give you guidance on the numbers. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
And CRAM strategy is certainly to get new contracts, to get new meaningful contracts, and all work 
is being done towards it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirbhay Mahawar from N Square Capital.  
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
So just to follow up on the seed business, we have achieved roughly around Rs. 415 crore size, and 
still our margins are around 4%, which is significantly lower than the industry standard. So how do 
you see it changing over the next two, three years, and why our margins are significantly lower than 
the industry? 
S. Nagarajan: 
So when you look at the performance for FY'24, I think we should take into account that we did have 
some hybrids, which we were aggressively getting rid off because we did not want them to later on 
come back. So therefore, I think this is something which has impacted the overall margin levels. As 
we go forward, I think the margins will have to clearly depend on the point that Dr. Shukla mentioned 
about differentiated hybrids coming out of good germ plasm and coming out of our R&D efforts. So 
that is really the way forward for us to improve both the business side as well as the margins. 
Nirbhay Mahawar: 
Yes, this is a very generalistic answer. I'm trying to get specific over a period of last three, four, five 
years, if you look at. Our margins have been significantly lower. If you look at the listed competitor 
with a thousand crores sizes operating at 27%, 28% margins. We are barely breaking even. So what 
are we doing wrong in terms of, we have got Tata parentage, we have got a solid business team, but 
still we are not able to crack the business. And we have been very evasive over the last three, four, 
five years about this business. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I think seed is one business where product performance depends a lot. And seed is one business, if 
you get a blockbuster product, you can scale up disproportionately your business. And if you don't get 
a blockbuster product, then you stay where you are. I think in past, not that we have not been putting 
research, our research have not yielded products which could be significantly differentiated from a 
volume scale of perspective. Now, so what happens in this kind of businesses, you have to continue to 
invest in R&D and continue to have your presence in the market. And it has a cost depending on your 
portfolio, some spread is needed. 
So margin expansion happens when you get a good product and you can sell it to more customer in a 
concentrated market. And that's where I was emphasizing that look, our R&D efforts need to get 
refocused so that we were operating in four, five critical crops. If we start getting on a regular basis, 
some differentiated product that will allow us to significantly ramp up the revenue and then margins 
can expand. There's a basic cost one has to keep investing in the seed business and continue to 
improve R&D and then you have to wait for your time. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Shukla from Anand Rathi.   
Rohan Shukla: 
So I just want to know about how much does the export contribute to a top line now? And what does 
it look like in the next few quarters going ahead? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It's in the vicinity of 35% I would say. And this is because the numbers have said, this year we have 
seen a degrowth, but we are working towards how do we achieve the longer term strategy. 
Rohan Shukla: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you. 
Gyanendra Shukla: 
So I really want to thank everyone for asking the questions. With that, we can conclude. Thank you 
very much for your time. Look forward to interactions in the future. 
  
