 
 
 
 
UGRO CAPITAL LIMITED 
Registered Office Address: Equinox Business Park, Tower 3, 4th Floor, LBS Road, Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400070 
CIN: L67120MH1993PLC070739 
 Telephone: +91 22 41821600  I  E-mail: info@ugrocapital.com  I  Website: www.ugrocapital.com 
 
 
9th May 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 511742 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: UGROCAP 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call with Analysts/Investors held on 3rd May 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings call held on 3rd May 2024 to discuss the audited 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2024. 
The said transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For UGRO Capital Limited, 
 
 
 
Satish Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Satish Kumar 
Chelladurai
Digitally signed by Satish 
Kumar Chelladurai 
Date: 2024.05.09 15:29:04 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“U GRO Capital Limited 
 
Q4’FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 3, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                          
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHACHINDRA NATH – FOUNDER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. ANUJ PANDEY – CHIEF RISK OFFICER  
 
MR. KISHORE LODHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  
 
MR. AMIT MANDE – CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER –  
 
MR. SHARAD AGARWAL – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AVINASH SINGH – EMKAY GLOBAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Avinash Singh:                      Ladies and gentlemen, good day on behalf of Emkay Global, I welcome you all to UGRO Capital 
Q4FY24 earnings call. We have with us today, Mr. Shachindra Nath, Founder and Managing 
Director, Mr. Anuj Pandey, Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Amit, Mande, Chief Revenue Officer, Mr. 
Kishore Loda, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sharad Agarwal, Chief Operating Officer. Before 
we proceed as a standard disclaimer, no unpublished price sensitive information will be shared 
during the conference call, only publicly available documents will be referred to for discussion 
during this interaction. In case of any inadvertent disclosure, the same would in any case form 
part of the call of the recording of the call without much ado. I would like to invite Mr. 
Shachindra Nath to share his thoughts on the company's performance, and discuss that capital 
raise and the latest acquisition. Over to you, sir. 
Shachindra Nath:                 Thank you. Avinash. Good evening, everyone. This is not just the year end quarterly result 
presentation. Obviously, we have done as per our plan for the quarter, but we believe this is a 
momentous occasion in our life cycle. As you'll all remember, UGRO is a 5 year old 
organization. It started as a first listed Startup on 5th July, 2018. This company was born with a 
combination of 4 private equity investors coming together along with me, and we capitalized 
this company to the tune of almost 950 but we suffered immediately. Post our capital raise, the 
crisis of ILFS, the DHFL and Yes. Bank happened. April 2019 to March 2020 was our first year 
of business. We deployed our equity capital of 850 odd crore into the markets. and then suffered. 
Covid period was a time of reckoning, and we use that time to build the scale and size aspiration 
of ours. Pre covid, this company had 120 people and post covid, it employed almost 1,500+. We 
put massive digital and data analytics infrastructure. We put physical infrastructure at 100+ 
location, and we brought a large number of lenders on balance sheet, and we created a very 
massive capacity of AUM ending FY22 at ~3,000 Crores. In FY23 we were at 6,000 crores, and 
in FY24 we have ended at ~Rs 9,050 crores. Our operating leverage played off from 15 crores 
PAT in FY22 to 40 odd crores last year to almost 120 crores this year. What changed for us that 
we took a call to raise this proportionate capital to augment our growth? We have been trying to 
bring stability to our cap structure, and we have been trying to bring unique capital provider. 
When we started, we brought 4 private equity investors with a defined timeline with respect to 
their ownership in us. Last year, we brought in global development financial institution in form 
of IFU which has a very long term, time horizon. Now. to attract domestic capital and family 
offices, we are doing this unique structure of CCD and warrants and marketed it to large family 
offices. They came into our capital structure. If you go to this first slide please - one of our 
existing investors, which is Samena Capital actually invested 500 through warrants from one 
large fund. This total capital raise of 1,332 crores, of which is 275 crores in form of CCD and 
1,057 crores in form of warrant fulfils our capital need for the year, and also for the next 2 years. 
That allows us to continue growing without worrying about capital and that allows us to get to 
our growth rate very easily. That is largely on our capital raise. Now, it gives the company the 
ability to grow without being hindered for capital. It allows the management to focus on getting 
rating upgrade and reducing its cost of borrowing, and it allows public market shareholder to 
participate in the growth journey. 
Shachindra Nath:            
Second, Avinash asked us to talk about our acquisition. As some of you know, UGRO 
proposition is following. We would like to service the customer segment, from Rs 15 lakh to 15 
crores. This customer segment comes constitutes roughly, 90% of the Rs 90 trillion of the credit 
gap. This is the customer segment. We service through 4 distinct channels. We service the 
customer through our prime channel, where we focus on large ticket secured loan up to Rs 3 
crores business loan through intermediation – DSAs. We have many micro enterprises branches 
where we focus on small ticket secured loan, we have a ecosystem channel where we focus on 
machinery and rooftop solar. We have a supply chain channel where we focus on retailer. We 
have partnership & alliances channel with multiple partnerships with NBFCs who provide the 
service to underlying highly granular customer segment. Last is our digital vertical. That is one 
segment of the market which is wide, whose need we would like to service but was not getting 
serviced by UGRO, which is called embedded financing. Think of a merchant, which is a small 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
retailer near your neighbourhood, who uses an Airtel payment bank, or any of these payment 
platform, QR code, who buys material for X amount of money, sells the material to end 
customer. This payment data is getting captured in some of these payment banks or on wallet 
platform. Now, if this merchant needs financing, then how do you provide this financing through 
an integrated platform? The financing requirement is that he should be able to borrow through 
this integration, which is called embedded financing, one lakh rupees for a 30 day period, and 
then from his daily savings, EMI can be deducted. Our proposition is simple but the technology 
solution and the data integration or data analytics around this is quite complex. MyShubhlife in 
the last 7 years has achieved a very high degree of perfection in the embedded financing market. 
The quality of the management and governance has been extremely good. Given where the 
market is now moving, the balance sheet provider as well as the technology lender have to be 
integrated and has been provided by MyShubhLife (MSL). Their tech platform has achieved this 
level of perfection. They came to us for co-lending, and we told them that, why don't we partner? 
We spoke to their VC investors. We proposed to them that they become shareholders of UGRO, 
and their long-term benefit in that proposition is far more profitable because UGRO would 
continue to grow. They get the benefit of our balance sheet, and that's why we structured this 
acquisition. We are acquiring MyShubhLife at 1.9x of their networth. We are paying a 
consideration of 45 crore in form of 36% in form of cash, 64% in form of UGRO shares. MSL 
would become a subsidiary, and we have aligned and integrated the management team through 
our ESOP and a profit share model. This acquisition over the next 3 years potentially helps us 
acquire retailers as customers, and probably 1,500 cr in AUM at the end of 3rd year 
implementation, and roughly around 100 crore of incremental PAT. We are very excited about 
this acquisition. This is in line with our DNA of being a data tech company. It's an extension of 
what we do, and we are being able to inherit a management team whose DNA is entrepreneurial, 
and they will become part of our family. This acquisition fulfils the need of one segment of the 
customer need which otherwise was eluded from us.  
Kishore Lodha:  
Coming to financials for the whole year, we have achieved AUM of around Rs 9,047 crore which 
is broadly in-line of the guidance which we have given at the beginning of the year. During the 
year, we have achieved disbursement of Rs 5,867 crores. Now, we are clocking excess of 500 
crore monthly which is broadly in line with what we have planned for the year. Disbursement 
has grown up by 26% YoY. Last year, we had done a disbursement of 4,600 crores. We had 
targeted off-book AUM mix for about 45% and our ultimate goal is to reach 50%. We are in line 
with our goal as last year we were at about 40% off-book AUM and now, we have achieved 45% 
of off-book AUM. PBT jumped from Rs 84 crore to Rs 179 crore in FY24, which is 113% jump 
year on year. Our PBT has gone up from Rs 34 crore to Rs 56 crore in Q4FY24. PAT has gone 
up during the year from Rs 40 crore to almost Rs 120 crore in FY24 and for Q4FY24, the PAT 
has gone up from Rs 14 crore to Rs 33 crores. That is a significant jump in profit as well, and 
net total income has moved from 12.2% to 13.5% of on-book AUM, which is in the direction 
where we want to take this forward as Shachin has explained earlier in multiple interactions that 
we are increasing our focus on the high-yielding micro verticals. Our Cost to income ratio is 
gradually going down, which was 62% last year and now it has come to 54%. As the economics 
of the scale are catching up, it will go down further. ROA has moved from 1.1% to 2.3%, and 
ROE has moved from 4.1% last year to 9.9% this year. Our total EPS for the year is about ₹13.39 
per share. Book value is about ₹157. This is not considering the current Equity raise which we 
have announced yesterday. The money will flow partly in coming month and part of it, will 
come gradually in the next 18 months. Price to earning is about 16.4. In our long-term vision, as 
we have indicated earlier, that we would be growing on a sustainable basis for about for about 
30%. For the next 2 years, whatever capital we would require, we have already locked in that 
capital. As explained earlier, our aim is to reach 50% on-book and 50% off-book in the form of 
co-lending, co-origination and direct assignment. Cost to income ratio, as of now is closer to 
54%, we'd like to take it to 45% which may be over 6 to 8 quarters from now, and ultimately 
we'll reach the desired ROA of 4%, which we believe may take around 8 quarters time.  
Shachindra Nath:            
One of the questions we have always been asked, what is the bridge from this 2.3 to 4% ROA? 
We are trying to explain how this would happen over 8 to 10 quarter, and there are 4 components 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
to that. The first component is the yield expansion. Our yield expansion is a function of our sheer 
focus on our second vertical - micro enterprises vertical. Micro enterprises vertical is a business 
wherein 75 locations till Q3FY24 was focused on doing Rs 8 lakhs of average ticket size secured 
loans. Now that vertical is expanding in 2 ways. We are going to increase that branch count to 
150 now, and by end of the year it should be 250, and most of this portfolio of Rs 8 lakhs secured 
loans happens at around 20% yield. Adding to that, UGRO has a unique proposition vis-a-vis 
peer lender set. It is probably the only company which does secured loans of up to Rs 3 crores, 
business loans through intermediate channel up to Rs 25 lakhs, micro enterprises secured loan 
of Rs 8 to 10 lakhs and machinery financing (5 type of machines – CNC, printing, packaging, 
plastic moulding machine, and now rooftop solar). It also does retailer financing and so on. Now, 
our intermediate channel, micro enterprises and our machinery channels, would focus on all 
products together. Not only the expansion in micro enterprises would enhance the yields, but it 
would also enhance the productivity because now a small branch of UGRO is being trained, 
designed and monitored to do Rs 10 lakh secured loan, also at least one or 2 large loans, one or 
2 machinery loans and one or 2 solar rooftop loans. So that's the first component of our bridge. 
Second component is what we say - Cost of borrowing decrease. Cost of borrowing has 2 
components - 1) the market phenomena, and 2) who we are. Given that we have been a young 
company, we have been growing extremely fast and our need of liquidity has been large. Our 
cost of borrowing for our size of capital and rating is roughly around 100 to 50 basis point higher 
than our peers. We are expecting that because of the increase in vintage and in scale and because 
of a very sizable capital raise nearly equal to our existing networth, a 50-basis point rate 
reduction would happen over 8 quarters, and hopefully, some bit of rate cycle change would 
give us additional 25 to 30 basis points decrease. We are presuming that in 8 to 10 quarters, cost 
of borrowing would come down 75 basis point and we would see 50 basis point of operating 
leverage. Our opex to our income, is going down disproportionately. Our existing physical 
infrastructure and digital infrastructure is sweating more multi products, our AUM is growing 
and our costs is not growing in proportion to AUM and that's the operating leverage of 50 basis 
point we are presuming. Obviously as our portfolio seasons, we have been guiding towards credit 
cost of 2%, we have been largely at 1.5%, this quarter, which has increased a little bit. We think 
around 50 bps of credit cost would increase. That's broadly the bridge from 2.3% to 4% ROE in 
8 to 10 quarters.  Avinash, this is it from our side. We have kept the presentation very sharp and 
most of the other things in the presentation is already circulated and available for everyone, and 
management team would be very happy to answer questions. 
Avinash Singh:  
Yeah, sure so we will start with Q&A. First question from Rahul. 
Rahul Bhangadia:  
Thank you for taking the questions. Congratulations on a very good set of numbers in line with 
what was guided. Question is, obviously related to the huge fund raise that you have done. Now 
with this quantum of fund raise, how do things change on 2-3 fronts? One is growth, are you 
looking at much faster growth than what you had previously guided for? And the second question 
was on the ROA front. We used to initially talk about exit ROA for FY25. Now we seem to be 
talking more on FY26 exit. Is there a change there? These 2 broad questions? Thank you. 
Shachindra:  
On the capital front. This capital for the growth which we have been presuming or been guiding 
for, was required in any case. The difference is that we've taken all that capital upfront but we 
have designed and taken it in a manner that for our existing shareholder, it is not diluting 
immediately, so that dilution would happen over a period of time, except that the increase in 
price benefit would not go to existing shareholder. We have kept something on the table for the 
incoming shareholder. We would have needed roughly around same amount of capital to manage 
our next 2 years of growth but we have taken it in the form of CCD and warrants. So, the money 
of CCD and 25% money of the warrants would add roughly around the same amount of equity 
capital which was required for this year. Our capital adequacy would go up from 21% to around 
29% for the year, and next year, as warrants keep converting, we will get back to the same level 
of capital adequacy. With respect to the ROA Bridge, we have said that we would exit FY25 
with a 4% of ROA. Now that is a function of the maturity of the market, and how the overall 
scenario is. One of our assumptions was to grow at a faster rate, at earlier pace. But what we are 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
saying is that we will get to that level of ROA. This is why, if you look at our structure, we have 
given a CCD at 18 months with some coupon, because we are saying that this is the bare 
minimum we must achieve. It is lot of hard work. If you look at last 4-6 quarters, the cost of 
borrowing has remained elevated, the liquidity for the market has remained slow. Neither our 
cost of borrowing has grown, nor our liability has got constrained vis-à-vis larger peers. That 
has been the challenge. In this macro-economic scenario, what is being told to NBFC is to grow 
at a certain pace and to have some healthy profitability. This is what people should expect from 
us, we may surprise you. We don't know, but as hopefully where we stand, what we see on the 
regulatory landscape and on the liability landscape, what we see for the capital providers, all of 
that putting together, this is the number we are putting out year after year. One thing which we 
have done is that we still have taken capital upfront, so that if there are headwinds, then we can 
take that headwind head on in coming quarters. For a company with 5 years total experience, of 
which 1.5 years gone in Covid and credit crisis and remaining 3.5 years of real operating 
timeline, this level of scale, product diversity, sheer focus on data and analytics and distribution 
capacity, I have not seen in my 30 years of professional career. Obviously, I understand investors 
who would expect all companies to perform at the same level. We would also get there very 
soon. 
Rahul Bhangadia:  
Sure sir, UGRO has done an outstanding job of reaching where it has. Now, if you could just 
give us a perspective of what are the growth rates we are looking for FY 25-26 and if you could 
just put that in context with what happened in Q4 where the disbursements were, slightly in a 
slowdown mode. 
Shachindra:  
First and foremost, we were at Rs 3,000+ in AUM in FY22, at Rs 6,000+ in FY23, and at a Rs 
9,000+ in FY24, which means this company sees minimum of Rs 3,000 crore of AUM growth. 
UGRO has established a very good name within the lending universe, and especially in 
intermediated market. Some of the lenders who have larger balance sheet capacity are taking 
assets from us at a much faster pace. The foreclosure for us was a negative surprise, and higher 
than what we expected. Obviously, we'll correct that, and we will match that at higher growth 
rate. Quarterly growth coming at 8% rather than 15% was a function of that. What we would do 
next year is what we are telling you, 3,000 is the minimum pace we will do, there is no doubt 
about it. We think that we would be 10 to 15% additional of that but when it comes to 
management focus, that additional growth we want to only do in the segment of the market, 
which gives us the higher yield which pushes our ROA and that's where we are. Now whether 
that is 10% higher or 5% higher or 15% higher for us, what matters is that incremental growth 
is all in the higher yielding segment with a lower credit cost. That's the way we are operating as 
management team and I think that's the right thing for us to do. Anuj, Amit, anything that you 
want to add. 
Amit Mande:  
Absolutely at the end, growth with profitability will be the focus for this year and therefore we 
are not putting up into whether it is 12, 13, 14. But the fact is that we have to inch our ROA 
towards the 4% as Shachin has spoken earlier, and that is, that would be the focus of the entire 
team. 
Rahul Bhangadia:  
Okay. If you will allow one final question, I'll come back to the queue. In the bridge from 2.3% 
to 4% that you very nicely elaborated, I have one question on the credit cost in Q4 itself, you are 
at about 41 crores of credit cost in the quarter, which, if I generally analyse, you'll be about 2% 
on the overall AUM. Do you really have the lever? 
Shachindra:  
Anuj. 
Anuj:  
You're right in the last quarter, there's a small blip, but that was all planned in previous quarters 
itself. For the year, we are at around 1.5% and we have been telling that as we season, we will 
stabilize at around 2%. If you only look at that last quarter, we took a call on a very, very old 
unsecured loan and took a write off about of about 10 crores, which is over and above what 
should have been the normal credit cost, but that it was an one-off event. As per our plan and as 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
per the way we have calibrated, we would be between for the next year we should be between 
1.8% to 2% overall. 
Rahul Bhangadia:  
Great, sir. Thank you for answering this question. Thank you. 
Avinash Singh:  
Next question. We have from Sanidhya Agarwal. 
Sanidhya Agarwal:  
Yeah. Hi, can you listen to me? 
Shachindra:  
Yes, we can hear you. 
Sanidhya Agarwal:  
Hi! First of all, congratulations on great set of numbers. We as investor are really happy with 
the kind of AUM growth. My first question is on the credit costs side. We are saying that at 2% 
we should settle down in terms of credit cost right? How are we seeing at it in let's say a bad 
cycle, business cycle, or, let's say in any recessionary event if it happens and what are the 
concerns related to that because we are dealing with global uncertainties? How are we seeing in 
such a scenario? What could be the impact to business? 
Anuj:  
There are 2 ways to look at this. The way we have designed our portfolio construct, the portfolio 
construct will remain same as a principle and that is 70% of the portfolio will remain secured, 
30% of the portfolio would be unsecured and within this construct what we have done from last 
2 to 3 quarters is that we have started covering our unsecured business through the Central Credit 
Guarantee Schemes. If you find our percentage of unsecured which was 30% two quarters back, 
unsecured portion which is not covered by CGTMSE or doesn't have any kind of collateral, has 
actually come down to 23%. From design perspective, this is how we want to grow to continue 
to be at 70:30. Now, within that for each of the product we have a lifetime estimate of GNPA 
and credit cost, and those lifetime GNPAs are the stress scenarios GNPAs. In normal course of 
things, they would be lower but the way we have designed, we want to cover even the stress 
scenarios. Of course, for a very large unforeseen event happening like Covid, no one can be 
really prepared but within the MSME Ecosystem if in a particular state/sector or if in a particular 
profile, there is a higher stress, our plan takes that into account. 
Sanidhya Agarwal:  
Okay, that answers my question. Second, I want to ask you. Are we trying to tie up with any 
payment platforms like, for example, Paytm or other payment platforms like PhonePe, where 
the business transactions are taking place on a day-to-day basis, and according to how many 
transactions the business is growing, even for small businesses that are not GST registered? We 
are already dealing with GST-registered businesses. Right? Are we also trying to deal with non-
GST registered businesses? 
Amit:  
I want to answer this into 2 parts. One. Of course, we already have a partnership and alliances 
business where we already have partnerships with whether E-com players or certain payment 
systems or supply chain systems where we leverage this alternate data to provide credit. The 
second piece is that this is where, there will be eventual migration of lot of businesses, because 
it makes credit easier with alternate data available. And so, the acquisition of MyShubhlife is in 
the same direction which gives us the power of technology and the platform there to be able to 
embed ourselves in such multiple ecosystems that these products can really scale up on this front 
as well. Also, one has to be cognizant of the fact that whenever we embed ourselves in these 
systems, these areproducts which are new ways. We need to test them for a while before we 
scale up, we need to have a clear eye on what kind of credit cost do they deliver because these, 
of course, are high yielding products. The approach is to be moving and add these kinds of 
businesses onto our fold, and that explains the acquisition of MyShubhlife. 
Sanidhya Agarwal:  
Thank you. Just to ask last question. We are issuing around 1,300 crores of debentures and share 
warrants, right? These are all preferentially issued to certain people, so is there anything which 
you are looking for Retail shareholders as well. 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Shachindra:  
No. There are multiple ways in which the company can raise capital. You know, one obviously 
realistic way – retail shareholders can always buy from the market, we don't restrict them. But 
to augment the capital, there are sources available to us. One stated objective of UGRO is to 
make it completely institutionalized ownership platform. We started with 4 private equity 
putting in the entire capital, owning almost, 80-90% of our capital structure. One of the PE 
investor, PAG exited from the market in 2022. That gave opportunity to some large family 
offices, public market retail investors to buy. That happened at the price range of Rs150 or so 
when we were trading only 1.1 times P/B. At the same time last year, because the company was 
not well known in public market, we felt a good source of capital is private, and we went to a 
very long-only investor sovereign fund and brought the Denmark government IFU into our 
capital structure. For this capital raise, we felt that if we bring one of 4 existing investor and few 
of the large family offices of India, it will strengthen our capital structure. For a company which 
is already listed, to bring broad based retail public, the only option is the right issue and right 
issue is a time taking cumbersome process, and people expect the right issue to be done at a 
severe discount with the trading price, which is not in the interest of the existing shareholder and 
that's why we have chosen this route to bring long term capital in our capital structure. 
Sanidhya Agarwal:  
Okay, Sir, I just wanted to say on a lighter note that as an investor, we would have been happy 
to join in for 10,000 odd debentures or warrants if company would have allowed us. We just 
wanted that kind of clarity from the company in future, that even small investors like us should 
be able to participate in such. 
Shachindra:  
I truly appreciate that. As you would understand our constraint. We come and talk to people like 
you only once in a quarter. When we raise capital, we raise through advisors and advisors take 
us to where we are hungry for food and where the food belongs. It's depending upon the servers 
who are our advisor. People who advised on this capital raise, we don't know who all they have 
reached out but where they took, we saw a very great big success rate on that. But they've quite 
fully taken. 
Sanidhya Agarwal:  
Yes, definitely. In future we would be looking forward to such right issues, or maybe preferential 
to parties interested. 
Shachindra:  
So just say that, keep watch. That is why there is a 2-day prior notice period required on a Stock 
Exchange, so UGRO gave advanced intimation that its board meeting to be held on 2nd May 
would consider a preferential allotment of capital issue. Obviously, you would have missed that 
otherwise, you could have sent an intimation showing your interest, and we would have included 
you, but no problem, we'll find a way to make sure that interested people if they want to come, 
they should be allowed to come, so that capital is not prerogative of only few. Anyone who want 
to participate in UGRO’s capital structure, we really value that irrespective of the size and who 
the person is. 
Avinash Singh:  
The next question is from Pruthul Shah. Please go ahead. 
Pruthul Shah:  
Hello! Am I audible, Sir.  
Shachindra:  
Yes, you are very much audible, Sir! 
Pruthul Shah:  
Yeah, Sir, congrats for the great capital raise that the company has done. My question is with 
respect to the AUM guidance that we gave earlier for FY25, which was around 20,000 crore. 
Now we are not even talking about it. We are talking about 12-13,000 crore AUM, that is one 
thing and secondly, we have raised capital way more than what we were planning. From both 
the sides, if you see that we are raising a higher capital and sguiding for a lower AUM, what is 
the reason that these things are getting changed? Would you clarify on that aspect? 
Shachindra:  
Yeah and the third thing which we have not guided is what we are guiding to, you see, for any 
investor like you, there are 4 things which are critical for lending business. First and foremost, 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
the cardinal principle is that they should show some level of predictability and that's why these 
businesses should have 5 core parameters, they should grow between 30 to 35%. Beyond that 
you take too much of risk. Below that you are not attractive. Second, they should deliver a good 
ROA performance, if you're not a bank. Banks can survive on 1.5% to 2% of ROA with the 
leverage of 7-8x, they get to 18% ROE. NBFCs should deliver at least 3 to 4% of ROA. Fourth, 
the credit cost should be below 2% to 2.5%, not beyond that. Opex to income ratio should be 
between 40% to 45%, and depending upon the parentage, leverage can be between 4 to 7x, we 
said leverage would be upto 4x and co-lending supplements the leverage. If we achieve this for 
next 5 years, that will reward the investor. In lending universe, you have companies which trade 
6x P/B multiple to less than 1x P/B multiple, just look at the NBFC curve. But what correlation 
would always be found is RoA, RoE and growth rate performance. The question is that you said 
that by FY25, we said, by exit of 2025, if we were to achieve a certain level of failure but that 
area was not helping the cause for other 4 parameters, then we have to recalibrate and adjust. 
We have proven our capability to growth. If you think the growth is the only parameter for value 
creation, we can grow at 100% for next 7 - 10 years. That's not a problem, because of the credit 
gap of which, 80% is in the target customer segment of UGRO (Rs 15 L to 15 crore turnover). 
You can grow as much as you want, but that level of growth requires a different level of capital, 
different level of free liability, pricing so on and so forth. Market situation, changing liability 
cost. But what we are saying is, what is that we want to achieve? What we want to achieve is a 
sustainable level of value creation for our existing shareholder, for every public market 
shareholder, for the new investor who are coming now, and that, we believe, is a function of 
growth combined with RoA, RoE performance. We will do that. That is the topmost priority. 
Second, why, we are taking that much of capital we have taken -we have said that we will take 
Rs 500 crore of capital but on the headline number, we have taken Rs 1,330 core of capital. 
Existing large investor are taking massive dilution at a price to multiple of 1.6 - 1.7 times, who 
should be the ones to be very, very unhappy. What we told them - we said that we can do tranche 
capital base. We raise Rs 300-400-500 crore capital now and we go next year, probably our price 
to book multiple would change, and we raise one more round of capital at that point of time. 
Given that we got so much of acceptability from some prestigious investors in the country. We 
say, because this is structured, it is a gradual dilution and not an immediate dilution. I'm getting 
a CCD - which will get diluted when it's get converted. Dilution would happen when warrants 
would convert. And that's why, if we can lock all the 2 years of capital needs for our growth and 
exactly same growth rate, what we have planned, we should take it. Today, our capital would go 
up by 550 crores, when the warrant would convert, the next level of capital would come in. It 
might lead to give more confidence to rating agency which might lead to rating upgrade. It will 
give more confidence to all our 30, 40 large lenders that this company has. No problem of capital 
also reduces the cost of borrowing. It gives more confidence to us as a management team that, 
come what may, if there is a hostile environment, if there is a little bit of any change in the 
ecosystem, we have the capital. That's our rationale. We genuinely believe that what we say here 
and what we deliver - investors are very smart, they understand the real intent of what we are 
saying. We wanted to tell all of you that we have the capacity to grow while we are a young 
company. There is no company in India in the lending space, especially NBFC which has 
delivered 9,000 crore of asset in 36 months flat and I'm saying it with lot of sense of 
responsibility. Now we are saying that in next 24 to 36 month our next stop is to deliver 
profitability, which matches to the best of the peers. Because we are in it to build it for life and 
create an institution. And some of you who participate in that journey would judge us on every 
quarter basis and we are happy to answer to all of your questions, for that. 
Pruthul Shah:  
Thank you so much. A great answer to that. Just one question. What is the peak leverage that we 
are thinking on the business model. You mentioned about 4x. Is it so? 
Kishore Lodha:  
Yeah, for next 2 to 3 years, we have not built ever more than 4 and a half times multiple leverage. 
Pruthul Shah:  
Okay, okay, got it. And this last question from my side. This year, we have tripled our profit 
from Rs 40 to Rs 120 cr. Can you guide us on the profitability, how much and what range the 
growth would be for FY25? 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Shachindra:  
There are too many moving parts when it comes to the real bottom line performance. Because 
there is a cost of borrowing element. There is an off-book percentage of our AUM element, there 
is an off-book percentage element, there is a yield element, there is a credit cost element. It 
would be unfair sitting right now to exactly give you the number. We can only talk directionally. 
In 8 to 10 quarters, we want to achieve 4% ROA, and every quarter, we want to demonstrate our 
journey towards that. You can do the math on your own at the quarter basis. 
Pruthul Shah:  
Can you just say whether the PAT growth will more than the AUM growth, or it won't be the 
case. 
Kishore:  
It's of course it is likely that our PAT growth will be higher than the AUM growth. Otherwise, 
this target of reaching 4% ROA cannot happen. 
Pruthul Shah:  
Okay, okay, great Sir. Thank you so much for your answers. All the best. 
Avinash Singh:  
Yeah. One question from the chat. The question by Amit is what went wrong in supply chain 
lending, 14% yield channel, is seeing 4% plus GNPA. Any learning from this? What correct 
actions we are taking? 
Anuj:  
Overall, for an NBFC like us, the way supply chain finance ecosystem has evolved and the way 
we see the opportunity we think that for our kind of institution which is focused on a digital data 
science-based solution, the last leg of supply chain, which is from distributor to retailer fits in 
the best, the exposure are granular. More and more retailers are getting digitally enabled, 
technology solutions are available on board and underwrite them seamlessly and the rate of 
interest or the yields which are desired can be obtained from this segment because there is 
relatively less penetration. In our experience, the main anchor to supplier side and anchor to 
dealer side is more of large NBFCs and Banks domain, and we don't want to compete there. It 
is touch and feel underwriting - we tried and tested for our systems but we found that our moat 
would lie here in the last leg. Now coming to a relatively larger NPA within our product 
portfolio, it is a function of the AUM growth which we had. There were a few bad apples and 
one or 2 anchors with us in this stress kind of a scenario just after Covid and because we didn't 
want to grow the AUM in that space too much, as a percentage, the GNPA is looking higher. 
What we have decided now is that we will have an accelerated rundown of that portfolio, and 
we will progressively build the granular last mile retailer finance portfolio.  
Shachindra: 
I would just add, to talk about what Anuj said. For the benefit of everyone who is listening, 
supply chain as the ecosystem component has multiple legs - the first leg is a vendor supplying 
to an anchor and banks lending to the vendor, believing that the money would come from the 
anchor. It is nothing but an off-balance sheet exposure to a large AAA rated anchor. Now that 
the financing happens at the rate of 7% with track, and without track, 6-8%. Now, we can't 
compete there. Our cost of borrowing is 10.7%. Second leg – Anchor selling to a very large 
distributor, which also have a CC/OD facility from a bank. So on both side of that spectrum we 
were getting customer, which were lower rated and were willing to pay our price. Theoretically, 
we are getting negative selection at BBB- or BBB+ company and we realized that that is not 
where we should be. Some of that reflection is in the NPA. While what I was said that because 
the portfolio is running down, the NPA would be higher. But that's where we felt that for a AAA 
anchor, nobody provides the financing for his last mile retailer, because that requires physical 
infrastructure, digital infrastructure, that data-tech driven underwriting, very small ticket size, 
that's where we should focus. Our learning is how we should play in the segment. Our strength 
is to understand data, underwrite basis that. UGRO’s strength is then take the case to an 
underwriter who does a templated basis underwriting. Third strength is physical distribution and 
collection infrastructure which is today 105 branches going to almost 400 branches in next 2 
years and we will play all our products to our strength rather than competing to the people who 
have balance sheet level strength. 
Avinash Singh:  
Okay, we'll move to next question. Next question from Omkar. Please go ahead. 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Omkar:  
Hi, Congrats on the fund raise as well as the results. My first question is on the Co-lending 
income it has been very strong during the quarter. Is this a one off? Because it's a Q4 or is this 
going to.  
Kishore:  
Co-lending income is gradually increasing. The proportion of co-lending in the overall AUM is 
increasing. Hence the income is increasing at this quarter. A little bit of blip is there on the higher 
side because we have done rate reset for our end customers which has resulted into the 
upfronting, so part of it you can treat as one off. 
Omkar:  
Understood, and in terms of cost of borrowing which we have said that it is going to come down. 
So are we looking at any credit rating upgrades in let's say next one year?. 
Kishore:  
There are multiple parts to it. First part is on the broader interest rate cycle. We think that 
considering the global scenario and considering the domestic scenario, interest rates are unlikely 
to go down in the first half of the year at least. It may take even third quarter or fourth quarter 
of the year before interest rates starts going down. Considering our vintage, our performance 
and our strong relationship with multiple sets of lenders, and also coupled with this equity raise, 
which is fairly large which is almost equivalent to our current equity, we should get rating 
upgrade and also it will give additional comfort to our existing lender because equity always 
gives significant comfort to the lenders, so it should help us in terms of bringing down the cost 
of borrowings. We had a rating upgrade in March, CRISIL upgraded us from A- to A/Stable. 
Quick rating upgrade does not come by but we are quite positive that once they get to know 
about this fundraise we should get another round of rating upgrade shortly. 
Omkar:  
Okay, thanks. Thanks. And all the best. 
Avinash Singh:  
Going next. We have a question from Anil Tulsiram, please go ahead. 
Anil Tulsiram:  
Thank you for the opportunity. ROA bridge. My problem is you giving lot of increase in the 
expected ROA. Can you explain what gives you confidence to increase the branches from 75 to 
250. And what has been the experiencing recovery from the past defaults? That's the first 
question. 
Amit:  
If you've been following us, we launched these 75 branches in 2022-23. At that point of time 
when we launched these, we waited to see how these branches perform, what is the learning, 
and we've seen that all these branches breakeven in anywhere between 12 to 15 months. Given 
the accelerated learning after that, on our micro enterprises model, we are opening under the 
next level of 75 branches and we've already opened. These should go live during this quarter, 
and the next 100 branches will come in during the year. The confidence is coming from the fact 
that there is a proof of concept. There is accelerated learning curve. There is a product suite that 
can be distributed out from these branches, which our peer sets may not have, and therefore, the 
productivity is higher, and from there, with a strong base, there is an ability to scale up and grow. 
Anil Tulsiram:  
Okay. and Sir, is my understanding right that the entire loan of micro loans is secured by the 
Central Agency. 
Amit:  
Not the micro enterprises. These loans are secured, loans secured by property, either residential 
or commercial. These are loans up to 25 lakh rupees in tier 2 tier 3 towns. They're secured by 
property. 
Anil Tulsiram:  
The next question is on the cost. The entire decrease in cost will be only because of increasing 
the scale, or we are taking any steps to reduce the customer acquisition cost. 
Shachindra:  
Both the reasons combined. One, of course, that there is an overall scale impact which is leading 
to the whole reduction in cost to income ratio. You would have seen our cost to income ratios 
drop quarter on quarter or year on year over last 2-3 years, and we’ll keep going from the current 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
band towards the towards the range between the 40 to 45% over next 8 quarters. That's number 
one. Number 2, cost of acquisition, there are multiple channels where we acquire. The 
intermediate channel is a very, very commercialized channel. We all know a lot of other players 
also playing the channel so cost in these channels are more or less standard. However, as our 
productivity increases in our micro enterprises, the equipment finance loans, and our direct 
channels, our cost of customer acquisition will keep coming down, which will also add to the 
drop in our cost to income.  
Anil Tulsiram:  
Then the last question is on the DSA. They are known to take the file to anyone who's giving 
higher commission, so do we have any plans to increase our own channels, our own men on the 
street to source the loans, or we will rely more on the DSAs going forward. 
Amit:  
Our intermediated volumes if you've been following again, have been at 58-59% last quarter. At 
the end of this year, they will be in the range of 45%. Which means that, given our expansion in 
micro enterprises branches, given our expansion in the ecosystem business, there is a conscious 
effort to move away from the dependence on these. That's number one. Number 2 - this also is 
imperative, because Shachin also touched upon the foreclosure rates, and these foreclosures also 
are a function of how it was originated, and we felt the pinch of it last year, so there will be a 
continuous conscious effort to move away from the intermediated channels. We see this going 
towards 40% or sub 40% in next 8 quarters. 
Shachindra:  
Absolutely unfair to say that DSA take file where the there's the highest rate. Intermediaries in 
India play a very important role to get timely credit to MSME. The actual rate of intermediation 
within DSA industry is uniform. While there is competitive pressure, if suppose a new player 
enters, it might give 10 basis point higher, but that’s the easiest. For secured loan between 1.25% 
to 1.5% is the standardized commission rate, for a business loan, 2.5%-3.5% is a standardized 
rate. DSAs don’t work on machinery and rooftops but we are making them learn. What DSAs 
want is a good price for the customer and a very superior turnaround time. Our turnaround time 
vis-a-vis big players (all the big names in the industry), we win business on our power of 
turnaround time. Machine says, yes and no, a platform in 60 min says, gives in-principle 
approval, and that is why, at a little higher blended portfolio yield of 12.75%-13% vis-a-vis 
competition at 10.5%, we still win our business. The only trouble or only challenge is, this is a 
customer because of his primeness is always hunting for a lower rate so once the customer comes 
to us, because for turnaround time the competition offers at a lower price, that it moves away 
from us and with the way we think is that we have to engage our DSA partners with multi 
product, we will gradually become more competitive on the pricing side. And that's why this 
would remain an important component of our business. But we are focused on building our direct 
universe. Today 50% come from our intermediate channel. All of our micro enterprises is direct. 
All of our machinery is direct, all of our retailer financing is direct, all of our partnership and 
alliance is with another NBFC or Fintech. All of our digital is direct. This proportion would tilt 
gradually. From a 50%, the intermediate would go down to 40%, go down to 30-35%. The reason 
why it would go down because they are more products being added to intermediary channel. We 
are telling the intermediaries. You can also do rooftop solar. Because it is in our interest that our 
intermediary partner also learns to do more than just selling a LAP or a business loan. Our 
absolute volume may not go down but our focus is to increase our funnel to direct customer. I 
want to tell DSAs- you are an important partner to us. Yeah, but we would like to own the 
customer and service the customer need, and that is why we go in more direct. 
Anil Tulsiram:  
Got it, sir, and my last question is on MyShubhLife - just like micro loans, are these unsecured 
loans. Will they be under insurance of Central Government Agency? 
Shachindra:  
If we want, we can take it. These loans are priced largely at 30%. They have a short tenor of 30 
to 90 days, the customer might come back on daily basis. We have presumed very high credit 
costs and the pricing being low, we will see whether we need a credit guarantee on top of that 
or not. The credit guarantee is nothing but insurance. You can take the same insurance on your 
own by over provisioning for that. The customer segment would be eligible for credit guarantees 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
scheme. In fact, most of these customers would be eligible for Mudra, eligible for CGFMU, and 
some of them would be eligible for CGTMSE as well and if you read the BJP manifesto, and if 
they happen to be the next forming government, they have promised that the Mudra limit will 
be increased from Rs 10L to 20L.  
Anil Tulsiram:  
Thank you, sir, that's it, that's it from me. I will join back the queue. 
Avinash Singh:  
The next question is from Sonal on this regard. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
Oh, hi! Congratulations on the equity raise, Sir! I have 2-3 questions. One on the co-lending 
income you've touched upon it. The question was, we have done some reset right. I heard that 
up almost 30 basis points on a on a blended basis to a question. Are the rates higher in this 
quarter because of that reset. And look at, Co-lending plus direct assignment AUM and if I look 
at the income which is upfront, you know, almost 19% versus about 14%-14.5% in previous 2 
quarters. So maybe if you could help me or guide us, how should we build that number in in 
next 2 years? 
Kishore:  
It depends upon the product mix as well. Every product comes with a different yield band, and 
that upfronting will depend upon the quantum of DA or CLM which we do in that product 
segment be it in the business loan segment or the micro business loan segment. If we have, even 
if we do lower numbers, then the upfronting would be significantly high, because those products 
are at 19% to 20%, and bankers would normally take around 9.5% to 10% compared to a secured 
product where the yields are 14%, the bank would still take about 9%-9.5% and the margins 
would be significantly low. We have to do significantly higher volume on the same quantum of 
upfront income. It would depend upon the mix of all the products that how much income would 
come in. Ofcourse this quarter, as I explained earlier, that we have done rate reset for all our 
secured products, where we are on floating rates and that has given an additional blip on this 
upfronted income.  
Shachindra:  
On your question, how do you build the model? I can only help you with a few facts. Please look 
at our co-lending sheet. Our co-lending sheet has a percentage by product. How much of that 
has gone into the co-lending and then there is a bifurcation of co origination and as well as DA. 
Co-origination is largely spread income. Co-lending is retention income, which comes all 
upfront. If you apply that matrix, and we have also been telling you that if we are at run rate exit 
at 550 crore, incremental AUM growth will come, and higher yielding micro enterprises secure 
loan, and there is a percentage component of that which is already in the co-lending. You cross 
reference, these 2, you'll be able to get to the model. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
Right, sir. I've done that. 19% is the rate this quarter and previous 2 quarters, it has been 14 and 
a half percentage. 
Shachindra:  
We can have a separate conversation. Obviously, you are the covering analyst. You will have 
much deeper level of questions. We can help you with some of that. If you don't mind. But please 
go ahead with the rest of your questions. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
Second question was, we are talking about increasing yields by about 150 basis points now. You 
know, I understand micro enterprise loans going up, and that's a high-end product, and probably 
the secured product might fall. 
Shachindra:  
No, no, it won’t. What would happen? All our 23 branches which do high ticket 13.5% loan will 
continue to do that at incremental volume. If suppose theoretically, you are doing 550 crore a 
month, and if we were to do a 600 crore a month, incremental 50 crore would come at 20%, 
which is also secured loan. But it won't change too much of percentage.  
Sonal Gandhi:  
Maybe I framed my question in the wrong way. Let me just reframe or rephrase it. Secured 
prime, probably, as of the focus moves more on micro enterprise will continue doing secured & 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
also secured prime but the percentage of our micro enterprise loans will increase as a percentage 
of our AUM.  
Shachindra:  
That was about the end of the quarter 9%. It will go to 20%. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
And the differential would be about 700-800 bps in yield. Yeah, that would give us about point 
90 bps kind of increase. And against other ways less 60. That's where? Where are we expecting 
that to come from. 
Shachindra:  
From retailer financing, from digital channel. Little bit of, threshold band, we have changed. We 
have now reset rates for all our partnership and alliances. We have moved it up by 100 basis 
points in P&A. We have moved up by 50 basis point in Prime. Lot of small activities have been 
done. You are broadly right. That 0.9% to 1% will come from micro, 0.25%-0. 3% will come 
from our retailer financing, but that would take time to grow and balance is series of action 
across our product line. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
Understood and said, when was this reset banked? Probably you know the number. What is 
reflecting so far is about 30 bps in the quarter, so can we expect, like another 20-30 bps in the 
next quarter. 
Kishore:  
The reset was done on 25th January. Since then, the entire book has been, almost the entire 
secured book has been reset so the numbers would continue to reflect the way they are in March. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
The next questions are on the acquisition which we have done. If you could just spend some 
more time talking about it. What I understand is they are a platform right with other payment 
apps. And we'll get data from that platform. I mean, if you could just talk a bit about the 
acquisition that what are they exactly doing?  
Shachindra:  
What they exactly do, I'll give you a case study. If there is FINO, or if there is Pine lab, or there 
is Airtel payment bank and if there is a merchant, who uses the QR, needs suppose ₹50,000 to 
buy some material, and he needs credit for that. He should be able to repay on a daily basis from 
the payment which he is receiving from his customer. What is available is that all this payment 
is get reflected in a FINO payment bank account and the transaction flow is visible. What MSL 
does is that it integrates it to the payment ecosystem, what it gets through the consent of the 
customer, the access of the transaction for money coming in, money going out and bases that it's 
data algorithm, underwrite credit. It is for a short amount of 30 days how much of money can be 
given to the underlying customer. So that is what MSL does, and it has proven that model works, 
for, almost 6-7 years. What they didn't have is the balance sheet. When this platform becomes 
our subsidiary, our platform is already integrated to some of these systems, and we provide the 
balance sheet and our supervision probably reduces their cost of borrowing. Would also lead to 
more customer acquisition and the accretion of P&L for us. Transaction structure, I've already 
explained. It's an acquisition for 45 crores which is valued not like the way VCs value Fintech 
platform. It is valued at 1.9x P/B value. Target Company already had 23 crores of networth, and 
we have acquired for 45 crores. 36% of that is being paid in cash to give exit to one of for one 
of their investor, which only need cash and balance they will take shares of UGRO at the same 
price on which we are doing the preferential allotment. These are some of the best VCs and 
early-stage funds in the world, and they will become very small shareholder in UGRO. But they 
will come on our cap table. 
Sonal Gandhi:  
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Avinash Singh:  
So next question we have from 
Mohd Ansari:  
My question is about EPS. You have indicated that for the next 2 years the AUM will grow at 
30%. I am assuming that the profit will be more so even if the profit goes up by 45%, then at the 
end of 2 years after equity dilution, we'll still end up with an EPS of ₹19 only from the present 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Eps of ₹13. It won't go up more than that. And how are we going? Market is not going to reward 
you with an increased price. That way you have a diluted huge equity dilution. 
Shachindra:  
First and foremost, you know, while PE and EPS are very critical parameter. Because capital is 
always taken into the company, lending institution get value (and you should speak to most of 
that) on growth, ROA, ROE performance, and that define price to book value. And obviously 
EPS is embedded into that. The one our capital, is coming in a staggered fashion. We have to 
see at that point of time. as we guided that our profit growth would be definitely, significantly 
higher compared to our AUM growth. And that would continue to be the trend for next 3 years, 
and it will be significantly superior. Last year our AUM was 6,000 core, but for profit was 40 
crore. Our AUM is 9,000 crore this year, but profit is 120 crore, of course. Next year we it will 
not be 3x. But the trend will continue. The way to think about is that 1,330 crore of capital when 
it get converted, should be adding around 5 crore more shares. So from 9 crore to 14 crore, total 
number of shares might increase. Our capital raise of Rs 1,330 crore added to networth of 1,440 
crore, and 2 years of profitability should be the networth. When we apply 18% RoE, our Eps 
would be far superior than what it is today. 
Mohd Ansari:  
Yeah, yeah, I get you right? So that's what I am estimating. The profit will go up. Eps will go at 
25% through a year. Even then we'll end up with also this month. Evaluation Rs 20 Eps which 
will not be a good performance compared to our competitors.  
Shachindra:  
No, sir, you're not doing the math correctly, because, you know, this first and foremost lending 
business, you always would be adding, more capital. Now depends when you add the capital, 
whether the resultant is making capital more efficient or not. So theoretically, at a 1450 crore 
capital, we add 1,300 crore capital is 2,700 crore. Suppose we add around 600 crore of 
profitability which would be around 3300, and you do 18% of ROE on that.  
Mohd Ansari:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Shachindra:  
yeah, we'll take next. 
Parul Upadhyay:  
Greetings to everyone. Greetings to Mr. Math, Mr. Pandey, Mr. Mande, Mr. Lodha, and Mr. 
Agarwal. My question is, first of all, congratulations on the fundraising part and given the 
potential for higher loan origination, volume and portfolio growth in 2024. How is UGRO able 
to efficiently scale to meet these demands while maintaining optimal performance and data 
security. 
Sharad:  
If you look at last 2-3 years, we had a growth phase, right? And there are lot of new systems. 
We built in lot of processes, a lot of IT infrastructure, physical infrastructure. Okay. And now 
we have consolidated into all our IT stack and including our office infrastructure. We have put 
all security layers, whatever is required. Firewall, everything, which can meet this demand at the 
same time on an operation side. We also did a study, and we are competing to manage to grow 
with the same kind of manpower with a lot of productivity increase at an advance level. Some 
process announcement initiatives which we have taken will easily meet this growth demand.  
Shachindra:  
UGRO is designed to early capitalize or early invest and then augment growth. It started with 
1,000 crore of capital. It invested in this management team and technology and physical 
infrastructure, and it grew to an intermediate level, a small capital increase. And now it is re-
upping what it did in 2018, similar level of capital it has taken but this time all the investment in 
technology, people, infrastructure is not to be repeated, and we can take more accelerated growth 
and more operational efficiency. 
Parul Upadhyay: 
Thank you. Everyone. 
Avinash Singh:  
Question we take from Amit Parik. Please go ahead. 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Amit Parik:  
Okay, okay? So I would just like to ask. We went for a preferential issue. We could also be gone 
for cash issue. Why not? We went for preferential issues to some additional investors right. We 
are unnecessarily favouring new investors. Do we not value existing literature order, sir. 
Shachindra:  
It is the other way around, sir. If we had issued in cash fully, then the existing shareholders 
would have been diluted immediately rather than taking the immediate dilution, we are 
staggering it for 18 months.  
Amit Parik:  
Existing investors are not there for a single or 2 quarters right. There is a time concept of time 
value of money, and if we give discount in the name of warrants for 18 months. the 10 to 20%, 
you said, is what primary investors get. 
Kishore:  
Yeah, but it comes with the rider also that once they exercise the warrant then they have to be 
locked in for 6 months. Considering the current scenario and considering the external 
environment, we thought that this would be the best structure. Because this is the large quantum 
we could gather by view of this structure, which normally otherwise, could not have come. In a 
direct cash link and equity raise, probably it would have been too dilutive immediately for the 
immediate shareholders who are there. If all the conversion happens after 18 months, then for 
18 months, the existing shareholders does not have any dilution.  Also, we believe UGRO has a 
massive potential to get re-rated. We are highly undervalued relative to our peers, and we wanted 
to make sure the incoming shareholders stay with us for a while, and it should not start happening 
that the price goes up big time and all these investors exit. That's also why we wanted to make 
sure that we do a staggered raise with a lock-in. 
Amit Parik:  
If you have a very high potential, why would the incoming investors sell off the shares and go 
away, sir?  
Shachindra:  
When people look at a different perspective and incentive to book the profit. Right? That's at a 
philosophical level. And that's why I said that we think this was a good structure to log capital, 
attract high quality investors, and get capital in a staggered manner through this method. 
Amit Parik:  
You said you have attracted high quality of investors, but we have added new hundreds of 
investors for such a small amount, sir. How are they not convinced by putting in heavier amounts 
in your company, sir. Because no large good institution … 
Shachindra:  
Okay, we'll answer this last time, and I'll explain you the context and probably move on to the 
next question. First and foremost. This company has attracted some of the world's best equity 
investor in form of private equity and some of the world's best DFIs. It's entirely institution based 
capital. Nobody should ever question about our ability to raise capital from institutional investor. 
One of our existing investor, which is a blue chip private equity investor, put 500 crores of 
commitment in this capital raise, and some of the best family offices put very substantial amount 
of money. We don't want to create concentrated shareholding. Concentrated shareholding means 
that at some point of time the concentrated shareholder would like to exit, and that puts big 
pressure on the stock. That's why we want to diversify and democratize our own shareholding. 
That's our strategy, and that we think is best for our company. 
Avinash Singh:  
Yeah, we take next question for use. Bothra, please go ahead. 
Piyush Bothra:  
Yeah. My question is on the quality of the on book. We see that the on book npa is around 3.5% 
and on the total book NPA is 2%. I believe the underwriting parameters should be same for both 
on book and off. Is there any specific reason why the on book NPAs are higher than the off book. 
Anuj:  
It is the way it is designed. What happens is when you log off book. A substantial part of that is 
co origination. and in co-origination we tie up with other NBFCs, and we give FLDG. On that 
co-origination book when FLDG is utilized, only those cases come back in our book. and that is 
why, as a percentage, it looks higher. Going forward also, the strategy is to be at around 50% 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
off book. And out of that 50% a substantial amount with would be in co-origination. So, this 
differential will keep happening. 
Piyush Bothra:  
So you mean to say, if the loan goes bad on the co-origination one, then it will come back to 
UGRO. 
Anuj: 
Because FLDG is utilized.  
Piyush Bothra:  
Is the FLDG only for the NBFCs? For banks, you cannot do anything. 
Anuj:  
Only for NBFCs. 
Piyush Bothra:  
In the range of 5 to 7%. If I'm not. 
Anuj:  
Yeah, about 5%. And it is utilized at actuals. Whatever the NPA rate is for that given product.. 
Piyush Bothra:  
Okay, so going forward when you're increasing that 3,000 crore of AUM this year. This secured 
- is there any anything related to the secured and the unsecured book, like you're doing more 
unsecured on the on book side, or more secured more. 
Shachindra:  
No, nothing, no, nothing like that. If you see the on book versus off book percentages across our 
products, they've remained steady for last 4-5 quarters. Yes, lot of unsecured portfolio, 
historically, has gone into co-origination and because unsecured, has traditionally higher NPA 
rates. That is why the reflection on on-book of that is relatively higher. But we plan to move 
steadily to banks, even for co-origination and once we transition that (and that require a lot of 
technology integration on banks’ part etc). But once we do that, then this differential will start 
coming down. 
Piyush Bothra:  
What's the comfort zone for a on book GNPA for you? So right now it's ~3%. What's the comfort 
level for you like it? 
Anuj:  
It is a number which is a derived number in our case, and that's why our planning is at AUM 
basis. We are quite comfortable, and lot of our banks’ covenants are basis that comfort, and we 
are quite comfortable to go up to 5%. 
Piyush Bothra:  
Oh, yeah. Awesome. 
Anuj:  
I would say, I will start explaining this way, that while we maintain everything is at AUM level, 
our financial institutions also look at on book GNPA, because floor rate they calculate on basis 
of on-book. Now, you know, it's little complicated. We have a co-origination wherein we have 
given the FLDG. So that portfolio technically is on book. While it is de-linked and we are not 
applying capital but we are applying FLDG. We have a co-lending book his is on non-re-course 
to us, and we have an on-balance sheet. We are trying to alter the model in a way wherein the 
on book plus off-book should come to the parity. We always think that the on-book would run 
in this way, because certain high yielding product which banks don't understand would remain 
on our balance sheet and rest will continue to go on off- balance sheet, and there is a recourse, 
and non-recourse basis, but broadly you should take - what you are seeing at AUM level will be 
in this rate, and at a balance level would be in this range. 
Piyush Bothra:  
Apologies for my ignorance. Did you say that co-origination is on book? 
Shachindra:  
It is not all booked, it is off book. Which means there's no capital required for that. But given 
there is an FLDG, we provide for that. because if I have a 15 or 22,000 crore of off book in form 
of Co regulation, and I provided 5% Fldg, then I have to provide for potential credit cost on book 
today. To that extent we take the risk of that portfolio on our balance sheet. 

 
 
U GRO Capital Limited 
 
 
May 3, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Piyush Bothra:  
So just one quick update. If you can share on the GRO app, you had a pilot app on it one year 
back, and a lot of advertisements we saw on TV as well. What's happening on the GRO app? If 
you can just share. 
Shachindra:  
It is working very fine. We have been continuously adding customers except one problem. We 
launched our app with a core idea that it is a credit on UPI platform. Simultaneously. RBI 
guidance on credit on UPI came in. Which by design or you know by default, they said credit 
on UPI would only be available to banks, and not to the NBFCs. What it meant that our core 
proposition that the customer takes loan on app, receives the disbursement through a QR Code, 
and pays back through a QR Code got stopped. Now we pivoted that and it became an app where 
credit is available at a click is available, and is designed to disperse through, NACH and recover 
through NACH. Every customer of UGRO, we are offering GRO X as an attachment, so that the 
app continues to function. Some of its functionality is now being would be used in retailer 
financing. One very large lender in India (which is a bank equivalent) is also trying to white 
label, and they are allowed to do that. I think, on a long term basis, RBI will be able to finally 
open up credit on UPI for NBFCs as well.  But it's like any NBFC credit card kind of a thing, 
and we have to be ready for that. In the interim period, we are monetizing our investment and 
our brand cost by these steps. 
Piyush Bothra:  
Thank you. 
Avinash Singh:  
We take next question from Deepak. Yadav, please go ahead. 
Deepak Yadav:  
Hello! Can you hear me, sir. I just have one question, how we calculate? Roa? Is it on 
consolidated AUM basis? Or is it just on or off book. AUM, because I was just trying to cross 
check. This number. Like is 2.3% for this year. And the AUM on console basis is 9,047 crore.  
Shachindra:  
Yeah, I'm seeing it on the balance sheet basis, not on the AUM basis. 
Deepak Yadav:  
So. okay. Understood. Okay, thank you. 
Avinash Singh:  
We will take that as a last question. And I now ask Mr. Shachin not to give his closing remarks, 
and then close the call over to her. 
Shachindra:  
That was the last question on this. Okay, no. Thank you. Emkay, team, for arranging this call. 
As I said in my opening statement UGRO is a young company. It has been built with lot of 
passion & rigor. In this this round of capital, not just me you would have seen that the entire 
management team of UGRO has also invested. There's saved capital into the company along 
with the investors. We genuinely believe that India's MSME deserves to change, they need to be 
provided credit. They need to be given opportunity to grow as because they provide employment 
to millions and millions of deserving people of this country given that India's ecosystem is 
growing. Given, that the MSME contribution to GDP is growing. Given, that our tier 2-tier 3 
towns are maturing. Some of us who come from those small cities and town have this aspiration 
to make UGRO as India's predominantly small business financing institution. This result is in 
line with that passing quarter. We will continue to give you the good result, and hopefully, with 
all your blessings. UGRO in few years would be India's largest, most revered financial institution 
for SMBs. Thank you very much. 
Avinash Singh:  
This marks the closest of this call. Thank you. Everybody for joining. Thank you. 
Shachindra:  
Thank you. Thank you. 
