 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June
 
7
 
2024
 
 
To, 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Script Code: SOLEX 
 
Sub.: Submission under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Investor Conference Call.  
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 
dated July 13, 2023, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Post Earnings 
Conference Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 03.06.2024. at 03:30 p.m. 
 
Kindly take the same on the record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Solex Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Azmin Chiniwala 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
,
Solex Energy Ltd.
STOCK CODE ONSE Emerge SYMBOL SOLEX
CIN: L40106GJ2014PLC081036
GST:24AAVCS0328R1ZN
OWN YOUR POWER...
RECD. OFFICE
PLOT NO.13
'
1/A, PHASE - 1, H.M.ROAD, G.I.D.C.,
VITTHAL UDYOGNAGAR, ANAND - 388121, GUJARAT, INDIA
info@solex.in
CORP. OFFICE
301-303, TRINITY BUSINESS PARK, MADHUVAN CIRCLE,
L.P. SAVANI ROAD, PAL, SURAT - 395009, GUJARAT, INDIA
<# www.solex.in
t. +912613559999
1800 572 8787
+91 2692 230317
Digitally signed by AZMIN MEHRZIN CHINIWALA
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, 
OID.2.5.4.65=5B47454A627DD7C047E180F6EAAC1493, 
Phone=c653939da06e947f86972513b96da4c11be26cdb054fd61d0
6cf42c28597fa7c, PostalCode=395007, S=Gujarat, 
SERIALNUMBER=63351547B31ED7FF1C0B114E18B58A53CFBF
F8D0EFB32215040E31427C14503B, CN=AZMIN MEHRZIN 
CHINIWALA
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: your signing location here
Date: 2024.06.07 16:05:04+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 11.2.2
AZMIN 
MEHRZIN 
CHINIWALA

 
 
 
 
 
SOLEX ENERGY LIMITED 
 
H2 & FY24 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Chetan Shah - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Piyush Chandak - Executive Director 
Mr. Vipul Shah - Director 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
 
 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 36 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the H2 and FY'24 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Solex Energy Limited. Today on the call 
from the management we have with us Mr. Chetan Shah, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Piyush Chandak, Executive Director; and 
Mr. Vipul Shah, Director. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is now being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to briefly explain us about the 
business, performance highlights for the year and the half year that 
went by, the growth plans and the vision for the coming year, post 
which we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. Thank you very much, and hello to everyone. And very good 
afternoon to everybody. As introduced by Mr. Vinay, my name is 
Chetan Shah, and I have with me my colleague, Vipul Shah and 
Piyush Chandak. So basically, welcome to all of you for this session. 
And I'll just brief you about Solex and the business perspective of 
Solex. We are one of oldest company in Solar business. We're almost 
29 years now we are in business. We started our journey as a thermal 
and then got into the Photovoltaic in 2007 with a small capacity. 
 
And now, basically we have a wonderful setup in Solex, that is a new 
factory at Surat. The total infrastructure of this factory is 4.5 gigawatt 
out of which we are already operating one production line. Total, we 
are adding four production lines. Out of which, one production line is 
operational. And other lines now, basically we are adding up. 
 
So basically, this is a very highly documented and process control 
factory, which is I mean accepted by the global leading players also 
for their OEM requirements in our facility. So, we're proud to say that, 
like we are the only non-Chinese OEM company for the leading 
Chinese player outside China. I mean those who are like, they've 
certified us and we are qualified to produce as per their quality 
standards and requirement. 
 
So, I mean, we can say like, we are a professional OEM company 
apart from our own Solex brand. We do OEM for globally leading 
brands as well as many Indian brands as well. We are restricted, 
because of we have signed an NDA with them, so we cannot disclose 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 36 
 
their name in a public domain. But we do OEM for almost about 20 
companies now with their different requirement and different quality 
criteria. 
 
So, we have like in-house reliability test laboratory also, which is as 
per the IEC standards, which are the global standards. So, in India, we 
have laboratory called UL, TUV. We have a similar kind of setup here 
for the in-house testing where we do the reliability test for every batch 
of modules. And that is how, I mean our products are certified. Our 
manufacturing facility has been certified by the global players. And 
we are in discussion with many other global leaders also. 
 
Last year, in fact apart from our OEM business and Indian business, 
we have started export also to Europe, mainly Germany, and Africa. 
That was the beginning for us. So, we do qualify for export, overseas 
customers like for the different country like U.S., we do have all the 
certification including CEC and UL. Our products are listed on CEC 
website also in U.S. So, we are looking forward to have some 
beginning in the U.S. market as well. 
 
Since the U.S. has put a sanction on import from China in USA. So, 
there are a lot of opportunity which are opened up for the Indian 
module manufacturers. Many Chinese companies are having their 
facility in Southeast Asia like Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, 
Malaysia. And the U.S., there are representation already made with the 
government. And U.S. government is seriously thinking about putting 
on sanction to those countries also, because all the factories are owned 
by the Chinese owners in Southeast Asian countries. 
 
So, India has major advantage on this. There was a talk in between, 
but then it has been clarified that they're not putting any sanction on 
Indian manufacturing. So, I think there's a huge opportunity which has 
opened up for the Indian manufacturers in U.S. like the Solex also has. 
So, we are eyeing on and we are working in this direction as well. 
 
So, Europe, Africa, it's already started on board. U.S., this year, we are 
considering like to have a breakthrough. And yes, of course, the way 
the India market is growing, the way the speed of the Indian market, 
the government is targeting almost about 30-gigawatt installation per 
annum, which is jumping from 15 gigawatt to 30 gigawatt. So, there's 
a huge opportunity which has come up in India as well. 
 
And I'm looking forward to have, I mean the better policy in terms of 
land acquisition and transmission, which the governments has already 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 36 
 
spoken in public domain that there are a lot of policy changes which 
are anticipated after the forming of new government. So things will be 
easy for the Indian developers to set up their power plant for the 
captive use also and for the third party sale as well. 
 
Apart from that, there are many like government subsidised 
programme, which are already announced like PM Surya Ghar, PM 
KUSUM. So that has opened up huge opportunity within the country 
for the projects. So, every project requires modules. So, and since the 
ALMM is in place, these opportunities are opened up only for the 
Indian manufacturers. So, I think, now it is a matter of the capacity 
addition and how fast you ramp up your capacity and efficiency. The 
business is already lying in front of us, and then we need to capitalise 
on that. So Solex is geared up for that. And with that reason only, 
when we acquired a land here for setting a power factory, it was 
keeping on the mind that, we want to go to the 4.5 gigawatt in this 
premises. 
 
But of course, we did not opt for that 4.5-gigawatt equipments in one 
shot because of the various political and geopolitical issues. But now I 
think the situation is such that we can on a fast track, we can ramp up 
our capacity and reach to the 4.5 gigawatt, and then go for the further 
expansion in cell line and the module line as well. We are equipped 
with all latest technology, so our production lines, even current line 
also is ready for P-type and N-type. Our upcoming production lines 
are also compatible with P-type, N-type TOPCon 16 busbar and the 
HJT technology, so which is not actually entered in India as of now. 
But I think within few months, HJT will be in demand. N-type, 
TOPCon, and HJT will be in demand. So, we are already ready to 
produce this modules as well. So, we are quite flexible in terms of 
variety of product manufacturing in our facility and their various size 
of a product also. 
 
In fact, I would like to share that, we are the first company to get 
enlisted in ALMM when it was launched in 2019. So, but somehow 
government delayed the implementation of ALMM and finally from 
1st of April, it has been implemented. We have highest number of 
models listed in ALMM. So, if you look at the ALMM list, Solex has 
the highest number of models, 249 models which are already listed in 
ALMM which is highest in compared to any other listed entity on 
ALMM. So, we understand the business very well. We know the 
product demand, the variety of product that so what I'm trying to say 
is we are scalable. 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 36 
 
We can deliver, we can fulfil the requirement of any kind of project or 
any type of models, because like when it comes to the PM KUSUM, 
water pumping projects, there's a requirement of the 500 watt peak 
models. When it comes to the private captive projects, there is a 
requirement of 550 watt peak or maybe when it comes to N-type 
TOPCon, there is a requirement of 580 watt peak models. So Solex 
has capability to manufacture right from 400 watt peak to 580 watt 
peak models. A complete full range of product that we have all 
certified and all listed. 
 
So, it is not that when we have order we look for certification or the 
listing of our product on, with the respective government authorities. 
So, readiness is, we are watching market very closely. We know what 
is coming in after three months or maybe six months that we follow. 
We keep a track of government tenders, what kind of tenders are 
coming and what kind of modules requirement would be. And we 
keep ourselves ready. 
 
In fact, we have 600 people working in our organisation and we are 
proud to say that 60% of our manpower, they are the indigenous 
people. They come from the tribal belt. And the kind of skill 
development that we do for those having the ITI or Diploma 
background, then we train them to run our fully automated robotic 
plant. And in fact, in true sense, they are our real asset. So, our factory 
is in a tribal belt, just outside Surat and we have hired people from this 
area only. And in fact, the efficiency of these people that you have 
seen in past that you have come up with so many milestones, that 
60,000 modules in one month and highest production in a day on our 
production line and so on. 
 
So, I think the kind of efficiency that we work that we focus when we 
have a factory, we have been so that we work with highest efficiency 
and the highest standards of quality and the lowest wastage. So, these 
are the key ingredient for any successful factory, and that is what we 
are focused. And we have achieved good numbers, and we are 
continuously improving on that. 
 
So that is a Solex background. And, because of our manufacturing 
scalability and OEM portfolio, I think Solex branded modules are also 
very well received in the Indian market as well as overseas market 
also. Because the way the quality parameters that we have set up, the 
process control, the equipment control, the calibration level which are 
highest. So, the people are having trust in Solex branded modules as 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 36 
 
well. And we are increasing our ratio in our Indian market as well as 
overseas market also with the Solex branded module. 
 
So, people are now bidding with our modules, for the like project size 
of 50 megawatt, 100 megawatt. They are incorporating Solex branded 
modules for their projects, and they are getting approvals from the 
various government authorities. So that is a good sign for us for the 
future. And that will definitely enhance our utilisation of our capacity, 
and that will definitely help us to justify the expansion of our new 
production line in a very short period of time. 
 
So, as I said, the cell line technology is also changing so fast. Right 
now, the P-Type Mono PERC is a very popular, N-Type TOPCon is 
also getting now popular. So, we are seriously considering our future 
investment into cell line, and basically having a cell line is something 
where you can definitely have a better control on a value chain. 
 
In fact, I would like to share the opportunity for the cell line is that 
India has almost about 10 gigawatt of DCR projects where the cells 
also has to come from the Indian factories. That is a 10 gigawatt 
projects are already announced, which includes the PM Surya Ghar, 
which includes the PM Surya Ghar Yogana itself is a 25 gigawatt. So 
the PM Surya Ghar, PM KUSUM, whereas they have a water 
pumping projects and the ground mounted grid connected projects. So 
these projects, basically requirement is almost about 10 gigawatt per 
annum for the module. Against which the cell capacity in India is 
operational capacity, if I have to tell, it is hardly around 3 gigawatt. 
 
Though the nameplate capacities are more, but the operational 
capacity is 3 gigawatt. That means the cells available for the Indian 
factories are only 3 gigawatt against the demand of 10 gigawatt. So 
those who are, like there are many companies are now coming into the 
cell line. They will take their own time. But I think Solex has also a 
better opportunity because Solex is already into the module business. 
So we can have a better captive requirement and the utilisation of the 
cell line as well. Since we can have a customer for cell as well as we 
can utilise the cell production for our own module factories. So I think 
we do have that advantage, and we realise that. We want to move 
quickly into that business as well. 
 
So internally we have started working. We don't have timeline and 
numbers right now, but I think very soon once we are ready with that, 
we'll be able to produce, I mean inform everyone about our timeline 
and the investment and other numbers. So, currently, what we are 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 36 
 
focusing is a module, and the road map, I have already explained. So I 
think, that's it from my end. Vinay, in case if you want to add 
something more? 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure. We will open the floor for Q&A. We already have people 
waiting to ask questions. We will start with Agastya. Agastya, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Thank you, Mr. Shah. Very 
nice explanation in the beginning itself. You touched upon most of the 
areas that I wanted to ask questions on. I'll just ask you to elaborate a 
few points. Starting with this U.S. tariff, which has been imposed, you 
mentioned that you were already exporting, and there is obviously a 
lot of potential for Indian manufacturers. But can you quantify exactly 
what will happen and how things will pan out? Because as of now, 
there are so many variables in the industry. At one end, you have a lot 
of oversupply, and we have seen the international prices crapping out 
over the last 12 months, the module prices and the cell prices. 
 
So in light of that, so I was a bit surprised that if the solar, and 
renewable sector is for the future, why are not governments utilising 
these low prices to procure as much material from the international 
market as possible? I understand the geopolitical reasonings here, but I 
don't know. Is there a chance that the governments will change their 
mind, especially the Indian government? I mean, why will they not 
ask people to buy as much from the international market at throw 
away prices? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. Now so basically, the international I mean the import was 
already there in India. Almost 90% of the total solar panel utility, I 
mean consumed in India, 90% was coming from the foreign market, 
and particularly majorly from China. So that scene was already there.  
Just to safeguard because energy is a core area, like where 
safeguarding of I mean the energy security in country is something 
which is very important. And that is the reason government always 
wanted to have development of a domestic manufacturing. 
 
Now if you look at the price point that you said, like the low cost 
product, import of the low cost product in India. In fact, if you look at 
the last two tenders which has happened in Gujarat, in fact the China 
company they quoted higher and the Indian companies quoted lower 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 36 
 
than Chinese price. So I think, India is also very competitive in terms 
of costing, and we are at par with the international pricing. 
 
Any country who is giving additional support for the export or I mean 
strategic financial assistance for exporting to our specific country. 
That is something which is inorganic, but otherwise in a natural way, 
we are as competitive as manufacturing cost in China. And as a Solex, 
we have already proved that we have already done OEM for our 
Chinese factory, Chinese leading brand, top brand in the world. And 
they also realised that we are very competitive in terms of cost, in 
terms of efficiency also we are very good. At some point, we are 
better than their factories in China and Malaysia. So I think now those 
days are gone where like people wanted only low price this thing, 
people want good quality product also. 
 
Of course, I don't say that those imported products were not good 
quality. They were also I mean, those product which are coming from 
the high brand, they were also of good quality. And in fact, they lead 
the technology. So, basically, there is a lot to learn for the Indian 
manufacturer from them in terms of technology, in terms of efficiency. 
 
But I think now considering the price, like even that India is also 
selling at a very, very competitive price in spite of paying duty on a 
raw material. I mean, the Indian panels are quite affordable for all the 
projects owners. And because of this price advantage in fact, there are 
and the increase in the electricity cost in fact, there is a huge demand 
which has arise from the captive users. So one is that the third-party 
cell that you need a government tender, and then you set up a 
gigawatts or megawatt or gigawatt scale projects and sell the 
electricity to the government, one. 
 
Another is captive, which is in the range of anything from 5 megawatt 
to 50 megawatt. So that number has increased in India. So I think 
there's a huge demand. It's almost about 8 gigawatt per annum is 
Indian captive user requirement. So apart from that PM Surya Ghar, 
apart from PM KUSUM utility scale, I mean grid connected water 
pump, and this is another sector where it is a cash and carry kind of 
business where people wants Indian modules, and they're happy with 
the Indian modules and which is peak also. Like, you are not paying in 
USD. You are paying in INR. So which is giving you a better 
advantage over this thing, because rupees always I mean it's constantly 
getting depreciated, and you end up paying more money than what we 
anticipated. 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 36 
 
So I think, my answer to your question is Indian modules are also 
equally competitive, so there is no reason to continue with the import 
of modules in India. And when it comes to the Indian demand, 
currently, the kind of capacity that India has and the people have 
already ramped up. A lot of companies are under their certification 
process. So maybe in two months, three months' time people will have 
a certificate for the N-Type product. So I think that has opened up, 
apart from Indian market, the U.S. market. So I was just mentioning 
about the U.S. market. U.S. has basically 50 gigawatt requirement per 
annum, more than 50 gigawatt. In fact, but since last one year that we 
have observed that that consumption has little bit decreased because of 
various political reasons. 
 
But now in fact, it will go up to 100 gigawatt per annum. So, I think if 
you look at, I mean the expansion of a manufacturing USA. But at the 
same time, the Indian cost is also very competitive. So it is always 
good to manufacture in India and export to USA than manufacturing 
in USA. The U.S. manufacturing cost is very high. So that is again 
subsidised if you are buying a U.S. product. So subsidy won't sustain 
so long. So in long run, India has a better advantage in terms of the 
cost and the consistency in pricing. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
One more thing which, I like to add. Like you said that why 
government will -- how long will the ALMM continue or how much 
protection will continue? So one major reason like Chetan said, we got 
ALMM registered in 2019. And finally, government introduced 
ALMM this year from 1 April, 2024. The reason was India was not 
having the capacity. So now we have sufficient capacity. 
 
So, like as Chetan said, the previous the main focus of the government 
was the energy requirement. So previously, if you say the EPC 
companies had an upper sale, and so ALMM was not introduced. But 
now government is confident that we have sufficient capacity installed 
in the country, which can cater to the requirements of the domestic 
market. And that's the reason why ALMM has introduced. And I think 
so, we don't see that there is any chance for government to go back on 
ALMM. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So adding to this, on ALMM front. In fact, currently in India, the 
installed capacity, the nameplate capacity is 60 gigawatt. Out of 
which, 43 gigawatt is already listed in ALMM, so which is official 
numbers. So and the way the people are expanding their capacity, I 
think by end of 2025 or maybe the mid of 2026, India will reach 
nameplate capacity of 100 gigawatt of modules. So I think, if you 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 36 
 
consider the realistic capacity and if you put only the 65% to 70% of 
the realisation of that capacity. So then also India can fulfil the 
requirement of own country as well as or U.S. So I think we have a bit 
of advantages compared to the same. 
 
At the same time, now Europe is also going on the similar line of U.S., 
and they have been talking for almost 1.5 year. So now they are about 
to, maybe three months, they will realise to implement this. So India 
will have another opportunity from the European segment. Yeah, 
okay. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Great. My second question is related to your financials. Here the 
problem that I've been facing in analysing the company is that I don't 
have the capacity utilisation numbers. And I can't really figure out 
your costing properly, because you are growing so fast, and I'm pretty 
sure even the operational line is not fully utilised as of now. So, I have 
two sub questions here. One is your capacity utilisation numbers for 
the first half and second half? Second, for the coming year, can you 
guide us towards some kind of average realisation per watt that we 
should be taking? And what kind of effective capacity will you have 
for this year, given that second line will come tentatively in the second 
half? So, if you can give some sort of a guidance there, and hence, 
what kind of EBITDA margins we can see. I'm more interested in your 
like, when you are producing 1.5 gigawatts, what kind of EBITDA 
margins? Can you reach like 11%, 12%? That is the question. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So, first thing you need to understand is the nameplate capacity and 
the actual capacity. So when you speak of the nameplate capacity, the 
industry speaks of the maximum capacity of module, which can be 
manufactured. So like the current plant what we have that can 
manufacture modules up to 700-750 watt peaks. But 700-750 watt 
peaks is not acceptable in the market. The current modules in demand 
are 540-550 watt peak of modules. So if you want to compare from 
the industry per se, you rather than going directly with the nameplate 
capacity, you should go for the number of modules what we 
manufacture. 
 
For Solex, average what we project is of 50,000 modules per month. 
So this is an average module like, we have gone up to 60,000 also in 
one month that was the higher obviously. So, when it comes to 50,000 
modules per month, we say we are operating three shifts and with 
almost 28 days. When you talk, you speak of capacity utilisation, with 
installed we can say we are operating at 80%, 90% of the capacity, 
which is the achievable capacity for the industry. 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 36 
 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Okay. So this is for H2. If I look at H2 number, that is 80% of your 
existing capacity being utilised. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes. 80% to 90%, that's it. And lastly, September, October onwards, 
average we are manufacturing around 50,000, 50,000 plus modules. 
And the decision to ramp up the capacity, so we were looking for that 
we wanted to reach three months of the full utilisation. And we are 
fully be able to achieve it. And now we have placed orders for the new 
line. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Okay. So what kind of realisation we can assume for next year? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Next year, what we are targeting is full-year of the current line and 
four months of the new line. And we are targeting roughly 80,000- 
85,000 modules per month for the new line and 50,000 modules for 
the current line. And so first, this '24-'25 we are targeting turnover of 
₹800 crores to ₹900 crores, which includes EPC business of ₹100 
crores. And with the full-year of operation, maybe if you consider full 
12 months of operation of both the lines, we target with ₹1,300 crores 
to ₹1,400 crores of turnover, which will not include any EPC business 
because we have started one new EPC company. So, hence what, once 
the company is operational, the EPC business will go to the subsidiary 
company. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
And you can do double-digit EBITDA margins. Can you reach 12%, 
13% at full utilisation? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yeah, being conservative, like you need to understand the industry. 
When you want to a maximum capacity utilisation, you have always 
have to keep a balance of own brand and OEM. So those people 
they've considered more on own brand only, they are not be able to 
reach to this capacity utilisation. Our concept is global factory. 
Chetanbhai is always, he keeps on saying and boosting that we are a 
global factory. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Understood. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So we don't mind manufacturing, even for our competitors also. In 
fact, that endorses our brand more, because whatever panel we 
manufacture for OEM also, there it is mentioned that it is 
manufactured by Solex. So whenever any user, maybe the EPC, B2B, 
B2C. So in fact, they are our brand ambassadors. So our competitors 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 36 
 
also are promoting our brands. So the EBITDA margin what we are 
focusing is anything between 9% to 11%. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
9% to 11%. Okay. Great. I'll go back in queue. I have too many 
questions, but there are other people in the queue. So, thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Agastya. We'll go to the next participant, Nikhil Chandak. 
Nikhil, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Yeah. Thanks. It's a follow-up to the earlier question. Just to be sure, 
for fiscal '25, you are saying your revenue target is somewhere in the 
range of ₹800 crores to ₹900 crores. So is that understanding, right? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Okay. For an EBITDA margin between 9% to 11%. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Okay. I mean, this is a very sharp expansion in EBITDA margin, 
right? You ended the year somewhere at 7.5%. In fact, that's a big 
concern for the entire sector. Everybody is expanding, but the margin 
profile is so weak. Your EBITDA margins don't cross 7%, 8%. The 
PAT margins after everything becomes like 2%, 3%. So how 
confident are you that this EBITDA margin from 7-ish will move to 
9%, 10%. And what will lead to that expansion? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
If you see, we are at 7.76%. And with the expansion and full-year of 
operation of the enhanced capacity also right now. Last six months, 
we've been able to achieve 80%, 90% of our capacity utilisation. So 
when you discount it well, when you cover it for the entire 12 months, 
so that is going to help us to improve the EBITDA margin. Plus as the 
Solex brand is accepting, but it is increasing in the market. 
 
So as and when the percentage of Solex own branding will increase, it 
will help us in. So that's why we have kept it 9% to 11%. So it will all 
depend upon how much hard we can push Solex own brand also. At 
the same time, we have to balance the capacity utilisation also. But we 
are comfortable that, I think so 9% is a comfortable number for us. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So, basically, adding to what Vipul saying. In fact, kind of 
infrastructure that we have, which is for 4.5 gigawatt. And we have a 
fixed cost also in terms of infrastructure. We have a manpower also, 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 36 
 
the senior leadership team and all. So, basically, currently, we produce 
50,000 modules a month. And with the same infrastructure, and with 
the little addition of manpower, we will produce 135,000 modules. So 
that will be the factor for improving our EBITDA margin for this. So 
there are many such factors. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
In this expansion 4.5, that will be -- what is the target by when does it 
get done to 4.5 gigawatt? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
We were like to inform. Like, from day one, we had land ready for 4.5 
gigawatt. Building, we had done ready for two lines from day one. So 
that's for 1.5 gigawatt. Now we have started construction for the 
another three lines. So, 3 gigawatt. So construction, we feel before 
rains, we'll come out from the ground and maybe six months or nine 
months maximum. The new factory will be ready for installation of 3 
gigawatts. So this is the preparedness. But, obviously, you have seen 
we have been very conservative when it comes to expansion. If you 
see, we were ready with this building, since last two years. But when 
we started actual production, the first line. 
 
So we are very conservative when it comes to expansion, and it is 
going more by the business dynamics then rather than the expectation 
of the market or the other stakeholders. So the preparedness is like the 
building is getting ready within eight to nine months we'll be having 
the building and infrastructure ready for installation of 3 gigawatt. So 
I think so, this gives how ready we are for the third round of 
expansion. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Understood. And one last question. So you mentioned about, a lot of 
expansion happening in the industry and say the industry reaching a 
capacity of 100 gigawatt in the next one year. Now the question is, are 
we staring at a risk of overcapacity in the domestic market? I 
understand the big targets are there and annually x percentage, x 
gigawatt has to be added and so on and so forth. So we're well aware 
of the larger industry, what the target is. But it may not happen 
annually. It may take a few years for the industry to kind of reach 
those kinds of targets. In the interim, aren't we staring at an 
overcapacity situation? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
This expansion is not happening considering all the Indian market. So, 
basically, as I said, the U.S. is one of the very big, the Europe is 
coming in. They are again coming back. I mean, they are the leaders in 
terms of adoption of a renewable… 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 36 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Sorry to interrupt. Out of this 100, how much would we cater to the 
domestic market and how much exports you think rough cut? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So first thing 100 is the nameplate capacity. So first thing, you cannot 
take it as the actual production. So that will give you a big 
understanding. So when you talk of 100 gigawatt of the nameplate 
capacity, the actual utilisation is then how much you… 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Basically, the actual output will be on a higher side, it will be 70 
gigawatt. Out of 70 gigawatt, India will have anything between 25 
gigawatt to 30 gigawatt, and rest will go to U.S. U.S. has the 
opportunity for almost 100 gigawatt. Out of which, even if India gets a 
40% share in the initial years, then it is almost about 40 gigawatt, 
which will go to U.S., Europe will have somewhere about 5 gigawatt 
to 8 gigawatt market share for Indian modules. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Africa, we are not considered… 
 
Chetan Shah: 
We are not counting Africa and Middle East. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Sure. But there'll be other countries as well, right? It won't be only 
India exporting to the world. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. So that is I'm just counting countries where there is a sanction 
on other countries. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Perfect. Great. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
The China and Southeast Africa they have a sanction, and that is the 
reason we are counting those countries. 
 
Nikhil Chandak: 
Sure. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Nikhil. Before we go to the next participant, I'll take one 
question from the chat. The question is from Manish. His questions 
are, first, how much EPC order book the company has on 31 March, 
2024? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. Are you talking about order book or last year billing? 
 
Moderator: 
Order book. He's also asked about last year's billing as well. 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 36 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. So last year, we did around ₹50 Cr from EPC business. And as 
on 31st March, in fact this year, when the current year we are having 
the order book of almost about ₹12 Cr plus ₹11 Cr. So around ₹25 Cr. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. His third question is what is the vision of the company in terms 
of revenue for FY'25? And kindly provide breakup of revenue 
expected for FY'25 in terms of EPC work and solar panels separately? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So like as we said, for '24-'25, we have targeted revenue between ₹800 
crores to ₹900 crores. And out of which ₹100 crores will be from 
EPC. We have a target of around ₹200 crores for EPC. But since we 
are starting the new company, new EPC subsidiary company, so in 
Solex, the holding company we target of ₹100 crores of EPC business. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. We'll take the next question from Aditi Kasbekar. Aditi, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my question pertains to a couple of 
things. One is, I have a bunch of questions, but let me just take up like 
a couple of them upfront, and then I'll go back in queue. So, the first 
question is with respect to when we are talking about this expansion, 
how much will be the CapEx required for this in terms of sort of, I'm 
not talking about the cell line. I'm just saying that if we have to go 
because you said that 3 gigawatt is what we are targeting to get by say 
the next nine months in terms of installation. 
 
So what will be the CapEx requirement? Because, as I understand, 
currently, our total borrowings are already about ₹96 crores, if I'm not 
wrong. I mean, that might be the gross number. So you can tell me 
what the net debt number is, probably somewhere around ₹80 crores, 
₹85 crores. But how do we plan to then meet these requirements of 
CapEx? Because right now, we are at 650 megawatt. And going from 
here to 3 gigawatt in as short as say nine months to 12 months, what is 
the amount of CapEx required, and how do we wish to fund it? That's 
my first question. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So, Aditi, first thing, out of ₹96 crores of total debt you are saying, the 
term exposure is only around ₹40 crores. So rest is the working 
capital. Now the second expansion, what we are doing is, for the 
second line that is around ₹70 crores to ₹75 crores. And it's a public 
domain, like we are raising additional capital of almost ₹72 crores. 
And the rest, we will balance it with the bank debt. This we are 
speaking about the second expansion. When it comes to 3 gigawatts 
through exit the average cost per 3 gigawatt. 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 36 
 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. So the 3 gigawatt we'll have say ₹270 Cr CapEx requirement. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
And so for that we'll have it as a balance of raising additional equity 
and balance of bank debt. So fortunately, we like to inform that we are 
getting very good response from the investors. In fact, we had to 
curtail, we had lot of people who are willing to participate in the 
preference allotment. But we have selected, we're looking into the 
long-term what value addition they can have. So we are very much 
sure that the decision of keeping it balance of equity and debt, we will 
be keeping that and will move that. So we don't see we have a very 
good relationship with our existing bankers also. And investors have 
also shown keen interest. So it will be a balance of debt & equity. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So just to support the statement, we are in fact, we always look for the 
value addition, not only the fund. So in our recent fundraise exercise, 
Faruk Patel from KP Group has invested. So, basically, I mean it is 
not just investment which is coming. We're in a discussion for their 
module requirement as well. So strategic, the tying up that we are 
doing, so that it is along with the fund, basically, there is an interest in 
a company from this investors in terms of the capacity utilisation, the 
production utilisation and everything. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Plus lot of people, they're again interested in booking the capacity, 
some big numbers with some commitment for investment also. So it is 
in the discussion stage, and we have NDAs and all these things. So we 
have some big corporates or big guys who are interested in doing 
long-term contracts along with some commitment in equity or some 
advanced payments also. So a lot of things are under discussions, and 
finally we take a decision looking on the… 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Which direction we should take for the fund raise. Yeah. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Understood. So, if I have to summarise, then what you're saying is that 
₹96 crore current debt out of which only ₹40 crore is term. And you're 
saying that for the second line, you will need ₹70 crore to ₹75 crore, 
which will be a combination of debt and equity, and you've already 
announced that you'll be raising ₹72 crores to equity dilution. And 
then you said that for 3 gigawatts, you will leave ₹270 crore of CapEx. 
Is that the correct understanding? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. That's very true. 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 36 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Okay. So that ₹270 crore actually includes the ₹70 crore to ₹75 crore. 
So the incremental is only ₹200 crore or is ₹270 crore the…? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
No, it is ₹270 crore plus ₹75 crore. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Okay. Understood. And that time, you will have to again raise equity. 
Understood. The other question I had was with respect to like, 
somebody has already asked that question earlier, so it's a follow-up to 
that. Basically, you mentioned that from October onwards, you've 
been making somewhere, at the run rate of 50,000 modules per month. 
And if we take your second half numbers, then they have about ₹272 
crores of sales. So which means that you've been 50,000 modules is 
translating into somewhere around ₹45 crores to ₹50 crores of sales. 
So what's the split currently between OEM and own brand? And how 
should we think about realisation accounting on OEM front and on 
own brands front? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So right now, on average, it will be 70% of OEM and 30% of Solex 
own brand. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Okay. Understood. I'll come back in queue. Thank you for this 
explanation. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
One more thing I like to add, yield value for all of them. Always our 
target is to utilise the capacity to the fullest level. So, generally, by 
and large, what we do is like at present we have completely booked 
our capacity for June and almost for July. So, what we do is we see 
what orders we have for Solex brand. And if there is any shortfall, 
immediately, we have the -- so much connects in the market that we 
will able to get OEM business. So we have a target to reach 70:30. It 
may go to 40:60. It may go to 50:50, but the main objective is 
utilisation of capacity. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So, basically, I mean till 2019, in India, the utilisation of capacity was 
a big problem. And none of the factory have achieved more than 50% 
capacity utilisation. And the major factor was the import from China. 
So 90% are getting import from China, and then the rest of the 
production was happening in India. Now, basically, that capacity 
utilisation has gone up and it has increased substantially. 
 
What is happening, there are so many companies having older 
technology still, because they cannot restart the technology so fast, 
their equipment, and then in reinvesting those machines. Solex has 
advantage over it, because when we started in 2021, the approach was 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 36 
 
very clear that India needs to change the approach towards the 
manufacturing. And basically, I keep a track of the leading brands 
coming from China how they manage? How they control the whole 
market? How they control their manufacturing? How they can reach 
single company at a huge capacity, whereas India, if you put everyone 
together we have just reached to 60 gigawatt. 
 
So, basically, mindset is very clear. When you have a factory, we 
should treat it as a factory. So the factory means it has to run 24/7, and 
we have to stay ahead in terms of the technology curve. And that is a 
Solex philosophies. And that's the reason we work for the leading 
brands so that we do have, they always keep pressing us to stay ahead 
in a technology. They always pressure I mean, keep us under pressure 
to reach to the highest level of quality standards and the lowest level 
of the rejections ratio. So that is actually helping us to improvise our 
own brand. 
 
And as I already said in my, if is that the Solex modules are getting 
popular now in India. And, in fact now we do have a good numbers 
also where in south also we do have two projects already operational 
10 megawatt each. And then we have to close other orders. We are in 
a discussion to close other orders also. So I think this mix and match is 
something which is very important for Solex to always stay ahead in 
terms of quality, technology, and the rest of the parameters over 
competitors. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Got it. Just the 70:30 mix that you mentioned between OEM and own 
brands, that is on volume count. So you said 50,000 modules. You're 
saying 70% of 50,000 modules are OEM currently, or are you saying 
that that mix applies to the sales numbers? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Modules, you can say. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Modules. Okay. And what would that mix, what would that split be on 
the sales number of say, I mean the run rate of ₹45 crores per month? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Actually, you'll have to see numbers. So, when it comes, you want it 
in terms of monthly? 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Yeah. I'm just taking an average of ₹45 crores. I don't want like a 
precise monthly. I'm just trying to get like, out of the 50,000 modules. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Average, 45%, 70% you consider ₹30 crores, ₹31 crores, like when it 
comes to OEM, the average price because when they are DCR 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 36 
 
modules, the realisation is average around 9,000. And when there are 
non-DCR, the average realisation is 7,500. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So out of ₹45 crores, it is around ₹31 Cr to ₹32 Cr from OEMs, and 
rest is ₹13 Cr coming from Solex. 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Understood. And the realisations are 9,000 and 7,500 respectively. 
And I guess your margins will be sort of agnostic because it's 
effectively a capacity utilisation and operating leverage game, once it 
drops to a margin level. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. Any other questions? 
 
Aditi Kasbekar: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll go to the next participant. We'll take the next question from 
Keval Ashar. Keval, you can go ahead please. 
 
Keval Ashar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Major of my questions are covered by 
previous participants. I've just got two questions. One is, what's the 
realisation difference between U.S. and India market, if you can please 
throw some light? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So realisation difference between U.S., because the U.S. market is also 
very competitive. And the logistic cost from India to U.S. is also very 
high. But, when it comes to the realisation, I think there is a difference 
of around 10% on a higher side between India and U.S. 
 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood. And what would be our domestic versus exports mix in 
FY'24? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
FY'24, it was just a beginning for us. So, I mean in terms of 
percentage, like I mean, we can't count it. It is just a beginning that we 
have been able to open it up. Now this has become a reference for us 
to sell more in those market. 
 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
We like to mention, like we have got certification for all the markets, 
U.S., then California. They haven't set different requirement. Europe, 
we have got all the certification and plus we are participating in almost 
all the international exhibitions. So in Europe, like Germany we have 
done, U.S. we have done, China. So we are increasing our presence, 
and we are very much sure there. But on terms of numbers, I don't 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 36 
 
think we'll be able to comment on how much exports we are targeting 
in '24-'25. 
 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood. But slowly, we're building our exports businesses as well. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So ultimate goal is to reach to 30%. So that is how we are working. 
 
Keval Ashar: 
Understood. And last question. So now since we're considering a 
significant expansion, which you are earlier not, even though the 
buildings were ready. So we would have some certain visibility. So 
are we considering to do a long-term tie up also with large OEMs who 
can book our full lines? Are we in any discussions? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. We are in a discussion with quite a few company, including the 
top brands as well. And those top brands, they've already seen our 
performance in last year working with one of our leading Chinese 
brand. So now in fact, we are in a good book for those people 
fortunately. So we are in a very advanced stage of discussion with few 
companies for the long-term arrangement for the manufacturing their 
product in our facility and the technology tie-up as well. 
 
With our Indian developers and Indian manufacturers that we are 
already working with them. The Indian developers, there are certain 
developers, they're already having the order book of anything from 5 
gigawatt to 8 gigawatt, and they want to finish those 5 gigawatt to 8 
gigawatt in two or three years' time. So, basically they are looking for 
dedicated production lines with us to fulfil their module requirement. 
 
There are certain requests, because where they need a separate facility/ 
factory to produce their modules. So, there are a lot of mix of 
discussion, which are going on. And based on opportunity and I mean 
the conditions, we will proceed further on this. 
 
Keval Ashar: 
All right. Thank you, and all the best. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Keval. We'll take the next question from Karan Sanwal. 
Karan, please go ahead. 
 
Karan Sanwal: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Wanted to understand, like 
what would be the concentration of revenue in our top five or top 10 
clients? 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 36 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Let's see, concentration. It all depends on how big this industry 
governs upon the big size or if you have to reach to big numbers and 
with big capacity. So like, there is no fix. So every time an EPC big 
company gets specific orders, they float their requirement in the 
market and whomsoever  has a ready capacity and will be able to meet 
their prices and so you can get the order. But you cannot say specific 
like we are dependent upon particular EPC company or one particular 
buyer. So it keeps on changing. So quarter-on-quarter, you'll see this 
quarter, the major business for particular company. Next quarter, it 
may be from entirely a different person. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
We have to do a little smart business. And because still there are a lot 
of controls from the government end on the projects. So basically, 
sometimes what happens like you have locked up your production 
capacity with one company. And any situation which arises with that 
company and that project get delays. So in solar, it's not like that you 
go to some other person, very next day, and then they'll get your 
production orders because we have to work on a supply chain, their 
BOM, their quality requirement and everything. 
 
So, basically, we work in advance. Like, at present, I have already 
finished my June and July. I mean, June was already closed last 
month, but the July production, we are closing. Within maybe this 
week only, we'll close the order for the July as well. And then we will 
open up our August order book. So it's like that. So sometimes what 
happens, like the customer like what Vipulbhai said like, there are 
orders that they want for 12 months fixed quantity, but then we go 
every quarter, we revise cost and volume both every quarter with 
them. And sometimes if there is opportunity, more better opportunity 
that we get, then we divert more attention towards the better 
opportunity. 
 
Karan Sanwal: 
Understood. That's very helpful. And also, wanted to understand like, 
what would be the targeted mix for this OEM and our own brand? 
Like, do we have any target, or would it depend on more of the 
demand for the…? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
No. Currently, as we have said, currently we are 70% OEM, 30% 
Solex. Now since the Solex brand is getting popular, our target is to 
reach 50:50. So after getting, I mean second production line, 
operational second production line, we will be able to achieve 50:50 
numbers for both Solex and OEM. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
That is a desirable what we desire to reach. 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 36 
 
 
Karan Sanwal: 
Correct. And one last question. So there was a news of possibility of 
some Chinese facility to get approval under ALMM. So would that 
affect us going forward? Like, if they are able to get the approval, 
would we be getting orders on behalf of those Chinese facilities? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. So, basically, we are in a very close contact with the 
government, MNRE and NISE and all. So, basically, we don't see I 
mean, there are just to remain show as a neutral, NISE has visited 
couple of facility in China, but then it was just a visit. There was no 
audit which was conducted, and the government has no plan to add 
any foreign company in ALMM. But yes, definitely, there are 
representations where the top foreign brand, they will allow foreign 
brands with the Indian factories. And that is where the Solex has a 
better advantage, because we already worked with those foreign 
brands. So the concept is you want to sell in India, you have to 
manufacture in India. That is how it is. 
 
Karan Sanwal: 
Thank you so much. Understood. All the very best. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll go to the next participant, Devvrat. Devvrat, you can go ahead, 
please. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Yes. Hi Sir. So I had a question on the cell line. And was just the thing 
is that, most of the Indian players, if you think about it, including the 
biggies, they have not been able to successfully deliver on a cell line 
so far. Like even, I believe, Waaree is facing some issues. And people 
all the other module guys are also wanting to set up cell lines. So how 
easy or difficult is it going to be to do this? 
 
And in terms of investment, like the kind of investment that is 
required, over how many years can one expect to recover that 
investment out here? And will this bring more stability into the 
business and the margins? Because so far what we have been seeing is 
that cell prices fluctuate a lot. And that kind of the margin profile is 
very erratic. So, what are your comments on these? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. So for the cell line, you are right. I mean, it is very tricky and 
the technology also changing so fast. And the people who are facing 
issues to set up their cell line and which is causing them a lot of time 
delay, it is major factor is that Chinese engineers are unable to travel 
to India. That is the major factor, because the China has expertise on 
these technologies. So it is essential to have Chinese engineers to 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 36 
 
come and help in setting up the production line, ramping it up, run it 
for a few months, and then hand it over. 
 
That is how, and the technology, when it comes to the equipment and 
technology and all, the majority of that is coming from China. That is 
the accepted facts for all. So, now basically, the projects which are 
suffering even the PLI is suffering because of that only, and the 
government has already realised that. In our last meeting with MNRE 
Minister, he has already told us to give them a list of engineers, 
Chinese engineers, those who wants to come to set up this plan to 
them so that they can take it up with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 
for issuance of Visa. 
 
So, basically after this month, that is from July onwards, I think we 
are looking forward to have the change. But currently, no Chinese 
engineers are getting Visa Then from July, we are likely to get few 
technicians to come, and help setting up those units. So basically, we 
are holding it just because of that. That we because you rightly asked, 
if that is not happening, then I think we are still not ready for cell line, 
and the Solex will also act accordingly. 
 
So cell line is definitely a future, but then we have to consider the 
correctness because you are absolutely right, Devvrat, that if we don't 
work efficiently like any setting up time is around 24 months in India. 
The Chinese, they do it in 18 months. From like, if you look at 
consider the Greenfield project from zero day to the beginning of a 
production. And another three months for the ramping up the 
efficiency. 
 
Now if you don't achieve those numbers, because the technology is 
changing so fast, if you don't achieve those that kind of efficiency in 
India, then I think it is risky. And that is the reason we are also 
holding it, and we are waiting for right time. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So, Devvrat, I like to add on. Like, when it comes to margin, if you're 
aware, DCR cells are sold at a very huge 16 cents , like when Chinese 
are being delivered the Chinese cells with the 4 cents. And the DCR 
cells are being sold at 16. So margin is clear, it says an extraordinary 
margin. So we are concerned with regards to margin. That is not a 
worry. The main question is, the technology and the engineers. 
 
And like, why as far as we're in discussion with some big players in 
China who are ready to know have some understanding with us and 
will support us in terms of technology and lot of things. And that's the 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 36 
 
reason why we are targeting cell line also. We like to add like when 
we installed our module line, some of our players they took nine 
months to install the module line, because of COVID and all these 
things. And Solex, we could do it in 45 days. So same thing what we 
are seeing, like by the time, Solex orders and our machines arrive, 
maybe four, five plants will be installed in India. So experiment will 
not happen with Solex. The experiment part will already be over, and I 
think so we'll be in much better position. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay. And how does this work? Because if we still look at it, India 
still relies on most of its raw materials coming in from China. And in 
fact, what are we doing to kind of try to locally source this? Are there 
other companies coming up that are making the parts? Like how much 
of our material are we trying to source from India versus China? And 
are we shifting towards mostly sourcing from India, or are we still 
reliant on Chinese exports? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
That's a good question, Devvrat. In fact the Indian supply, Indian 
manufacturing has increased a lot for the BOM, so which is like glass. 
There are multiple manufacturers. Still now we had only one glass 
manufacturer, Borosil. Now there are three others and more are 
coming up. When it comes to EVA, EVA backsheet, there are 34 EVA 
manufacturers in India. We chose hardly one at the end. So when it 
comes to junction box, there are three manufacturers of junction box 
in India. One is the one of the top tier junction box manufacturer 
worldwide. 
 
When it comes to aluminium, Visakha is already manufacturing 
aluminium. Other people are also getting into this. So I think the raw 
material and the cells also, the people are adding their cell production 
lines. Of course, currently, the majority of cells are coming from 
China. And once we have a sufficient cell lines, all investments are 
already happened. So it is not that it will not happen. It will happen 
maybe because of the some political reasons, it is getting delayed, but 
it is definitely it is happening. Many of them are already received their 
equipment. Now it is just matter of how fast they install it or make it 
operational. So I think India is getting independent in this thing. 
 
In one of our last meeting, MNRE has already given the indication 
that they want wafer ingot and wafer manufacturing to happen in India 
because right now, there is a 100% control of China on this wafer and  
ingot. So India, maybe they will come up with some PLI for ingot and 
wafer manufacturing. So they are supporting this because polysilicon 
you will get from other countries. It is not whether China is a 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 36 
 
monopoly. But wafer and ingot, yes China is a monopoly. I mean, the 
major share is coming from there. 
 
So I think India is considering that part as well. So I think, that is what 
reason I say, like a lot of things are happening, not only in module. 
The other ecosystem also is getting developed, and that will give a 
better advantage. In fact, you know the benefit of this is like, we don't 
have to spend one month in a sailing from China to -- Chinese port to 
Indian port. So that time, we will see it. We can, most of the Indian 
manufacturing like the way China manufacturing's are like, just in 
time kind of things. 
 
They get deliveries of raw material on a daily basis. Similar thing will 
happen in India. Solex has also diverted for a lot of product coming 
from Indian factories. And so that has reduced actually our storage 
requirement also, and it has increased our efficiency and working 
capital cycle as well. And top of everything, that one month sailing 
time, that has actually reduced. So that has increased our working 
efficiency as well. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Noted. Thank you so much. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you, Devvrat. 
 
Moderator: 
Before we go to the next participant, we'll take the question from the 
chat participant. I invite Anupam to ask his question. Anupam, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Anupam: 
Yeah. Hi. Good evening. Thanks for your time. So I have two 
questions. First is that, in the press note, I read that currently the 
capacity utilisation was 85%. So for the second half, the March, the 
six months ending March, the sales was around ₹273 crores. So what 
kind of numbers can we expect in the first half, that 100% capacity 
utilisation? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
First quarter or first half or six months? 
 
Anupam: 
First half. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So it will be around ₹275 crores- ₹300 crores. 
 
Anupam: 
So, first half it will be around ₹300 crores? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yes, so anything between ₹275 crores to ₹300 crores. 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 26 of 36 
 
 
Anupam: 
Okay. And my second part of the question was that, obviously, you're 
saying that the EBITDA margins will improve because of the fixed 
costing, fixed or maybe not moving up so much. So what I wanted to 
understand is also like the solar cell, if you are not using it for your 
own captive consumption and if you are selling it to someone else, so 
what kind of numbers that converts into like, if it is a 2 gigawatt solar 
cell plant, what kind of numbers that basically gets converted into in 
terms of top line? Roughly average, I'm asking. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So solar cell line, as I said like, we have just started working on this. It 
is just our intention that we have come up. Numbers, in a later date we 
will come out with the numbers once we have. But right now, we are 
holding it just, and waiting for government issue visa with the 
Chinese. That is the main deciding point. And if that is not happening, 
then we'll further delay our cell line. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
We have some alternate option there in initial stage. So as and when 
like, we are planning to go to China in July, and there are some 
developments. I think so, the first option that engineers coming from 
China is not happening. There are options that these Chinese suppliers 
there, the Chinese big players team in the other Asian countries. So 
maybe, if they move in from their Asian part, their setups in Asia, 
maybe that can be a second option for us. 
 
Anupam: 
And also, while you had achieved 60,000 modules in a month, which 
was highest, so have you crossed that in the month of April or May, or 
still that numbers is the highest? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
No. That number is still highest. 
 
Anupam: 
Okay, fine. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. I have questions on chat from Mohit Janjir. His first 
question is, how much are we dependant on imports especially from 
China for our Raw Materials i.e. solar cells and how much sourced 
locally? 
 
Chetan Shah  :                 I am sorry just say again. 
 
Moderator:  
What is our local sourcing for solar cells and how much is from 
China? 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 27 of 36 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Okay. Solar cells, local sourcing is basically only for DCR. Otherwise, 
for non-DCR requirement, it is sourcing it from China only. And 
basically, if you want it in percentage, it is somewhere about 50:50. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay. And how confident are you on successfully commissioning the 
solar cell unit, as sector leaders are still struggling? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
No. So, basically, I already explained the reason for struggling. So 
there is no rocket science for the cell manufacturing. Basically, it is 
very known technology. It is only thing that expertise are not available 
in a current situation and which like we are hopeful to get it resolved 
from the July onwards once the new government is formed. And then I 
mean, it is not that India has not set up cell line. Already, India is 
manufacturing cells for so many years. So it is not that India cannot do 
that. 
 
Only thing is this new technology, N-type TOPCon technology, and 
the Mono PERC, Mono PERC is still happening in India. There are 
four factories already manufacturing Mono PERC cells. Now the 
market is shifting to N-type TOPCon, which is again a new 
technology. So, that is where the expertise are needed. And once we 
start getting, those people coming in, India will go on a fast track. And 
same like, we are also confident to run our cell line very efficiently. 
 
As I already said, like we can sell our product in open market, U.S. 
market, and for our captive use also. So I don't think we need to go out 
to search for the market. If we are talking about 4.5 gigawatt of 
module, our own module line and 2 gigawatt of cell line, then we are 
fulfilling only our 50% of requirement for our contributes. Though we 
will not keep the 100% utilisation for our own sale, we will develop 
the market also for our sales. But still, like it is lesser than what actual 
the requirement is. So once the environment is ready for this, we are 
confident that we'll be able to set up and operate our cell line 
efficiently. 
 
Moderator: 
His other question is in long-term, how would Indian companies 
survive without duties as they may not be continued for too long? And 
do you see the sector getting commoditised? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. So, basically, what happens, like with ALMM, there is no 
relevance of duty because even there is a duty, if somebody wants to 
pay duty and bring it, they cannot bring it. So, even if a duty remains 
or doesn't remain, it makes no difference. Now that is one answer. 
Another answer is, as I said, in the last two bit in GIPCL tender, the 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 28 of 36 
 
Indian manufacturers have quoted lesser than the Chinese brand. So I 
mean, that is answer to your question now. We are very competitive in 
that way. Indian manufacturers have quoted price considering the 25% 
duty on cells and almost 10% duty on bill of material. So even in spite 
of considering, I mean so much of duty, we are lesser than the Chinese 
brand. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. And we'll take the next question from Ravish Malav. Ravish, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Ravish Malav: 
This is Ravish here. I want to ask you about your OEM brand again. 
You said 70% is OEM, 30% is brand. How we are doing accounting is 
how we are getting our revenues from OEM and how much margin we 
are making in OEM and how much we are making in brand? And one 
thing is that another question is, we have clogged some ₹272 crore in 
H2, and you have told the EPC for FY'24 was ₹50 crores. So, from 
total revenue of our ₹360 crore, ₹300 crore we have done through our 
solar modules only. But you said in next year, we are going to do only 
₹275 crore? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Well, for the half year ₹275 crores, the half year… 
 
Chetan Shah: 
See like the first half, we will have only one production line, and the 
one production line revenue that is ₹275 Cr to ₹300 Cr. From 
September, October onwards, or maybe four months, that is December 
onwards, we will have another second line operational. So we will 
have a mixed revenue, the six month revenue from the first line and 
the four months revenue from the second production line. And that is 
how we achieve from the ₹800 Cr numbers. 
 
Ravish Malav: 
Our margins in OEM and brands two different parts. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
It varies around 2%. 
 
Ravish Malav: 
In OEM, it's 2%. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
No. The difference between OEM and own brand, so it is 2% to 3%. 
 
Ravish Malav: 
Which is 2% to 3%. Okay. Again, one more question from my side. 
The same thing Mr. Janjir has repeated. Are we going to get it 
commoditised in next two, three years or we will be having much 
more efficient solar cell or solar modules? So, the continuation of the 
growth will remain in the sector for coming years? 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 29 of 36 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes, can you repeat your question? 
 
Ravish Malav: 
Actually, I want to know that everyone is expanding right now. 
Everyone is having module. So we are in commodities sector only. 
The solar module sector is a commodity sector right now. But when 
we are getting to our cell manufacturing and maybe towards the 
silicon rod and cutting thing. But will it be possible to have these 
things which Chinese having since last so many years? In two, three 
years, will not it be commoditised for in next two, three years only? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
See, basically, the way the demand is increasing, the capacity is also 
increasing, right? And then also we are unable to fulfil those demands. 
And this is a technology business, so which is changing so fast. So 
there is continuous upgradation also on the same. So it is not that 
something that you have set up and then you are running it for 
continuously same thing for the five years, seven years, ten years. 
 
So, there is always enhancement, in terms of product. Now the 
similarly like there is a requirement of 5 gigawatt for the repowering 
in India. And what is repowering? Repowering is that those who have 
set up their power plant with the 250 watt peak modules or 300 watt 
peak modules, now they are placing orders for the high efficiency 
modules even well before the warranty, the life of the module. If you 
are giving warranty for 25 years, just within 10 years people are 
replacing their old panels with a new one. So it is something where, 
like there are lot of areas which are actually opened up for the solar 
modules. So I don't see any challenges for the overproduction or the 
blockage of market or the commoditising of this product. 
 
It's a technology business. So, basically, yes, definitely, there is a 
competition. So I mean, we have to work with a very thin line, but at 
the same time, efficiency and the output is something which is key. 
And that is the reason, Solex has adopted this model. People, like in 
India, they are shying about telling themselves OEM company, but we 
are professionally OEM company. And that is a difference that within 
few months only I mean, within 45 days, we have been able to set up 
our production line. Within another 60 days, we have been able to 
operate our production line receipts, and we are taking out more than 
80% efficiency from our plant. 
 
So, Solex will in spite of so many player coming in, Solex will have 
also a different identity and role in a market, because we are 
collaborating with our competitors. So utilising factory should not be 
any problem or the capacity should not be any problem. 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 30 of 36 
 
 
Ravish Malav: 
Last question from my side. I have noticed that, SECI has also given 
tender for modules. Like, just I have noticed some hundreds of 
megawatts of modules is being procured by SECI, not plants. So are 
we also is this a new thing, which SECI is doing procuring modules 
from the companies who are providing it? So or again to it, are we 
also applying for those tenders and are we eligible for those tenders? 
Because the tenders are very big 400 megawatts, 200 megawatts or 
likes of that? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. So you are right. SECI and NTPC both of them are adopting, 
working in a dual model. Some projects they allocate along with the 
modules. Some projects, they allocate to the bidders without modules. 
So module procurement is happening by these agencies, and the rest 
of the things needs to be done by the EPC companies. So we are also 
working with them to supply to meet their tender. We are already in 
one of our tender. 
 
Technically we are already qualified, and we are waiting for the 
commercial bid to come up. So I think, that is a new method of 
business where they are blocking the capacity from the module 
manufacturer for their own requirement. And that is a good sign that 
we don't have to deal with 10  EPC companies rather than we deal 
with only one agency, who is responsible to procure modules and 
payments. 
 
Ravish Malav: 
Okay. So can I have one last question? 
 
Moderator: 
We'll have to move to the next participant. We're running out of time. 
 
Ravish Malav: 
Okay. I will wait in our queue. Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Aashil. Aashil, you can go ahead, 
please. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for your time. Quickly, just wanted to know a 
couple of things. One is, from the other couple of listed players, there 
are people whom are similar size to you have a lower depreciation 
expense compared to us. All people have a similar depreciation 
expense, have a much larger top line compared to us. So just wanted 
to know, is there any difference between them and us, and why is it 
like this? 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 31 of 36 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. In fact, basically, with this facility we are in business for it's 
almost now 1.5 year. And other players are already in business for so 
many years. So their depreciation part is also in accordance to and the 
top line also will be according to that. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Yeah. Like to add on, it depends upon like, we have been 
conservative, and it depends what residue like the management 
considers. So since, Chetanbhai has an experience of almost 15 years 
in the sign of activity and looking to the technical and obsolescence in 
this, we have kept the depreciation ratio at higher compared, if you 
compared with others. So you have given less useful life. Actually, 
we'll have to check the exact numbers that is not really available. We 
can post you on that, but we are being conservative on considering the 
useful life. So it gives more better numbers and better idea to the 
management. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Okay. Got it. And for this 800 megawatt order that this line that we're 
ordering, have you already placed the order or paid the advance or 
something? Where are we on that? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
No. We are basically, we have already placed the orders. We have 
already finalised their technical contract, technical agreements and 
everything. And I think very soon we will disperse our advanced 
payment also to them. Technical agreements are like that is under 
process. So the commercially and technologically everything is 
decided frozen. Now it is just like, because we are going for, in fact 
compared to any other manufacturer in India, we have a different 
approach as I say. We are going with equipment, which are the next 
generation equipments, and that too with a two years warranty. That is 
something where we are mitigating our risk of foreign vendors, not 
able to support this. 
 
As Vipulbhai said, we are a little bit conservative in every approach in 
selection of technology. So right now, at this stage, only we are going 
for a technology which is ready for HJT. So it, requires little bit more 
investment and focus, but at least, we don't have to reinvest again and 
again for the entire plan. And this is high level operations with AI at 
every stage. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Sure. And when are we planning on paying this advance payment? 
Any timeline in mind? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
This month itself. 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 32 of 36 
 
Aashil Shah: 
This month itself. Okay. Great. And last question from my side, on the 
OEM sales that you… 
 
Chetan Shah: 
They have started manufacturing our production line. So this is just a 
matter of it's a commercial clearance. That's it. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Okay. Because if we are almost at full capacity already, just trying to 
understand why don't we just place the order and start the business. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
We've already done that. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. And last thing on my side on the OEM sales, do 
we have an idea on what are the main end categories in terms of our 
customers get for retail or utility or exports or what? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
It's a mix, basically. Every customer has a different requirement. So 
we don't go to their clientele. Like, if somebody is doing OEM in my 
factory, we don't try to check where it is going. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Got it. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
But generally, their DCR cell, they are used for government subsidy-
based projects. So that you can say that they are going for all PM 
KUSUM, then the Surya this all they are going for. So DCR is 
predominantly for government business and non-DCR is for private. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Got it. And when there's a margin differential of 2%, just to put some 
numbers to it, would it be like 9% versus 11% number one? And 
number two, would the realisation for module also just be a 2%, 3% 
difference between OEM and own brand? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
In terms of net profit? 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Our EBITDA margin or gross margin. However you want to.. you 
guys look at it? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
What we see is around 2% is the difference, in the OEM and the own 
brands. But in that case, sometimes what happens, in case of own 
brand, the price fluctuation of raw material is always on us. Whereas 
in OEM, the price fluctuation does not impacts us. So, it all depends 
on how the price are, which you see last year, there was a sharp 
decline in price. Fortunately, that time, we had less of Solex own 
brand and more of OEM. So it did not have major impact on Solex 
financials. 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 33 of 36 
 
 
Lot of other players those who have had a huge stocks with them. 
They were more impacted. I don't know how it is reflected in their 
numbers. But so, it is always, it is a very dynamic market. And each 
and every month, we have to take a call on profit maximisation and 
capacity utilisation. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
And for OEM revenue, the entire revenues booked on our books, 
right? Like, if we sell if, let's say a… 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Initially, in the beginning of the quarter, it was purely job work. The 
BOM and everything was supplied by them. So I think so ₹15 crores, 
₹16 crores of job work, only it was pure job work income. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So, basically, we did ₹18 crore billing for job work in a previous year, 
whereas the value of module was ₹150 Cr. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
If the BOM was acquired by Solex, then you could have seen… 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Increase of top line by ₹150 Cr. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
And that was in H1? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
H1, H2 both. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
If this ₹150 crore was across H1 and H2, and in this past H2 we've 
done ₹275 Cr, including this job working thing. So, technically, we 
should be able to do higher in H1 FY'25, because that BOM will come 
through you? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
No. So, basically, it is ₹275 Cr that is coming from the H1 '25. It is 
from the 100% without having any job work. See, now we need to 
understand a decrease in the price also of a module. So that is also we 
need to understand, like because that directly affects your this thing, 
top line. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Okay. And when you mentioned you have 9% to 11% EBITDA 
margin versus this half year was 7%, it was because of this drop in 
price, or what will change? Whether the 7% become 9% to 11%? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
We are targeting around that 9% to 11%. And obviously, the sharp 
decrease in the price of cell and that has also impacted the EBITDA 
margin. 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 34 of 36 
 
Chetan Shah: 
With the greater efficiency and the utilisation of the current 
infrastructure, manpower everything, our target is to reach between 
9% to 11%. 
 
Aashil Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thank you for your time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Aashil. We started with Agastya. We'll take the last question 
also from Agastya. Agastya, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Thank you very much, Vinay. From Farukji , what kind of equipment 
do you have? So you mentioned that he has invested in the company. 
So how much offtake will he have from your side? Are you going to 
be like…? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
You were not audible in the beginning. Can you please, repeat it? 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Your strategic tie up with Farukji, he has invested in your company. 
So, how much will he offtake from you guys? What kind of 
production? Is there a firm agreement or rough understanding on that? 
Because he's one of the largest end users of modules today in the 
country. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
One thing I like to add, then Chetanbhai can take it. Chetanbhai and 
Farukbhai are industry friends for last I think so eight, ten years. So it 
is more of personal the investment what has come from Farukbhai is 
more of personal, and now it is moving towards the commercial side. 
Chetanbhai can just pour some light to that. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Yeah. So, basically, you are rightly said, like they have a huge 
consumption. They've already blocked their module orders with others 
of almost putting I mean, till September. October onwards, we are 
discussing with them. We have not been able to arrive some numbers, 
but their intention is to give a maximum to Solex. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Great. So that would be a great thing for you. A very credible guy 
taking a decent production from you. That would be great. One final 
question. You mentioned that the EPC business will be shifted to 
another company, and you mentioned that it is a subsidiary. So it's a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the company? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
76%, will be held by Solex. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
Okay. So it will get consolidated, right? 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 35 of 36 
 
Chetan Shah: 
It will get consolidated. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
FY26, no not FY26.. On full utilisation, you guys are saying ₹1,300 
crores to ₹1,400 crores sales, and you did not include EPC in that, 
right? So by the time you reach those kind of revenues on the 
manufacturing side, how big will the EPC business be for you? 
 
Vipul Shah: 
It should be something around about ₹300 crores. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
And what would that translate into megawatts? How many megawatts 
would that be ₹300 crores? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
100 megawatt. 
 
Agastya Dave: 
100 megawatt. Okay. Great, sir. There are many questions which 
remain, but I think we have run out of time. So thank you very much 
for your time. Thank you. Thank you, Vinay. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. That brings us to the end of this conference call. 
Chetanbhai, would you like to give any closing comments? 
 
Chetan Shah: 
So, basically, as I mentioned in the beginning, like we are very 
focused in a business, and the kind of relationship that we have not 
just with the customers, but with the competitors also. Like, I always 
prefer to work in a collaborative way, not only in India, but 
internationally as well. So, Solex will have a different age over any 
other companies. There are other companies also in a listed space, but 
our working style is totally different. 
 
And then we'll continue with our journey what we already had that 
OEM and this thing, because that always ensures our -- that OEM is 
actually insurance for our capacity utilisation and the constant margin. 
Whereas, with only with Solex, the way the other people are doing, 
you are always taking a risk for price fluctuation. Because I still 
remember that, in September, the solar cell price was 12 cents and 
suddenly it came down to 4 cents , and that was a major heat for most 
of them. So I think it is always a balanced approach, in terms of 
profitability, in terms of the utilisation, in terms of the relationship 
also. 
 
So thank you very much everyone for joining us and having the faith 
in us. 
 
 

Solex Energy Limited (SOLEX) 
H2 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 3, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 36 of 36 
 
Vinay Pandit : 
Thank you, Sir.. Thank you to all the participants for joining on this 
call, and thank you to the management for giving us great time. That 
brings us to the end of this conference call. You may all disconnect 
now. Thank you. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you very much. 
 
