 
 
April 29, 2024 
 
DGM – Corporate Relations   
The Listing Department  
BSE Ltd.  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers          
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500408  
Bandra – Kurla Complex Bandra (East)  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: TATAELXSI 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Sub.: Transcripts of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter and financial year ended  
          March 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2024, held on April 23, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call can be accessed on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.tataelxsi.com/investors. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Elxsi Limited  
 
 
 
Cauveri Sriram 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
CAUVERI 
SRIRAM
Digitally signed by 
CAUVERI SRIRAM 
Date: 2024.04.29 
16:58:07 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Tata Elxsi Limited 
Q4 and Annual Audited Financial Results for FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
April 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ RAGHAVAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAI – CHIEF MARKETING AND CHIEF 
STRATEGY OFFICER – TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV BAJAJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MS. CAUVERI SRIRAM – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
TATA ELXSI LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHASHANK GANESH – ERNST & YOUNG 
 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Tata Elxsi's Q4 and Annual 
Audited Financial Results for FY '24 Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shashank Ganesh from EY. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Shashank Ganesh: 
Thank you very much. Good evening to all the participants in the call. Good 
morning for joining in from the Western side. Before we proceed to the call, 
let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors. Therefore, it must be viewed in conjunction with the business risk 
that could cause further results performance or achievements that differ 
significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the 
senior management of Tata Elxsi, represented by Mr. Manoj Raghavan, 
Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Nitin Pai, Chief Marketing and Chief 
Strategy Officer; Mr. Gaurav Bajaj, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Cauveri 
Sriram, Company Secretary. 
 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the past quarter by Mr. 
Raghavan, followed by a Q&A session. We appreciate your cooperation 
restricting yourself to 2 questions to allow participants and opportunity to 
interact. If you have any further questions, you may join the queue, and we'll 
be happy to respond to them as time permits. 
 
With that, I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Manoj Raghavan. Over to you, 
Manoj. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you, Shashank. Good day to all of you joining us for the Earnings Call 
for the Fourth Quarter and for the full financial year '23-'24. FY '24 has been 
a year of consistent operational performance with a revenue growth of 13% 
despite the global macroeconomic uncertainties and volatility in the media 
and communication industry over the last few quarters. We have done well to 
maintain industry-leading EBITDA margins at 29.5% for the year, even 
while we continue to invest in expanding our talent base through all the 4 
quarters with a net addition of 1,535 Elxsians through the year. 
 
Now I come to a summary of the financial performance in FY '24, our 
revenue from operations were at INR 3,552 crores, a year-on-year growth of 
13%, EBITDA margin at 29.5%, PBT margin at 28.5%, profit before tax 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
grew 11.9% to INR 1,048.7 crores. And actually, this is the first time our full 
year PBT crossed INR1,000 crores. 
 
Coming to the summary of the financial performance in Q4 of FY '24, our 
revenue from operations came in at INR905.9 crores, a degrowth of 0.9% 
quarter-on-quarter and a growth of 8.1% Y-o-Y. And the operating revenue 
growth actually on a constant currency basis had a degrowth of 0.6% quarter-
on-quarter and 7.2% growth Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin came in at 28.8% and 
the PBT margin at 27.9%. 
 
The Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of 700% that is 
INR70 per equity share of par value of INR10 each for the financial year 
ending March 31, 2024, subject to the approval by the shareholders of the 
company at the AGM. We had laid down a strategy of integrating our design 
business deeply with our key industry verticals, complementing our software 
and digital business with a design-led proposition. This is now complete with 
a seamless end-to-end proposition from ideation to market introductions. 
 
This is enhancing our competitive differentiation, providing early visibility 
into customer product roadmaps, and creating larger downstream 
development deals. Over 90% of our industrial design and utilization 
revenues are now directed to customers in our 3 main verticals, while the 
remaining comprises of innovation and design-led projects in other 
industries, including consumer packaged goods, retail, energy and utilities, 
manufacturing, adding diversity to the application of digital design and 
feeding possibility for future verticals for the company. This has been 
classified as others in the segment report. 
 
Starting with this quarter, we are reporting this integrated view of our 
industrial design and visualization business in all 3 verticals and not stand-
alone. So our software development services, SDS, combines the erstwhile 
EPD revenues and IDV revenues into the respective verticals as 1 segment 
with a system integration and support constituting the other segment.  
 
Now let me provide a summary of the key industry verticals and segments for 
the company. If you look at our transportation business during the financial 
year, our transportation business grew strongly at 20.5% year-on-year in 
constant currency terms and now accounts for almost 50% of our overall SDS 
revenues. A lot of this work that we do for OEMs constitutes over 56% of our 
overall transportation business and we are now embedded into the SDV 
programs of 5 global OEMs. This business grew at 1.2% quarter-on-quarter 
in constant currency terms, despite delays in the planned scaling of SDV 
large deal that we have been awarded previously. I'm especially delighted 
with the German Design Award 2024 for our work on automotive HMI, 
which underscores the design-led proportion that we are now delivering to 
customers globally. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
 
We were selected into the SDV program of another global OEM and are 
ramping up teams to support infotainment, ADAS and EV software track 
over the next few quarters. The quarter also saw a digital technology-led deal 
in the rail segment, for development of an advanced collision detection and 
warning system for a rail operator in North America. This leverages 
advanced sensor technologies and AI to provide an early warning system.  
 
Coming to our Healthcare and Life Sciences business. This business 
registered a growth of 7.6% Y-o-Y in constant currency terms in the financial 
year. We have established a strong foundation for continued growth with the 
addition of 5 marquee customer logos in the year, and expanded capabilities 
and platforms in new growth areas such as digital therapeutics and connected 
health. The offshore development center for innovation and R&D we 
announced in March 2024 for Dräger Medical, the German-headquartered 
leader in critical care and safety equipment, demonstrates the relevance of our 
technology and design expertise and deep domain capabilities for next-
generation health care. 
 
We are investing and winning deals with Gen AI-led solutions for the health 
care industry, including identification and elimination of toxic materials from 
the medical device supply chain. We are building platforms and winning 
deals for digital therapeutics, an emerging and strongly growing team for 
healthcare of tomorrow.  
 
Coming to the Media & Communications business. This business declined 
2.6% in constant currency terms during the financial year. This quarter saw a 
merger led impact of a deal ramp down with 1 customer. However, 
considering the severity of challenges in the media and telecom industry, we 
have done well throughout the year to protect business, add marquee 
customers and increase wallet share with key customers. We are seeing 
growth in operator revenues and our overall customer base. Even as 
customers continue to tighten budgets and optimize spends, we believe that 
there are opportunities in contributing to the revenues through advertising 
technologies or adtech and enabling opex reductions through automation and 
transformation of network operations. We are actively investing in offering 
platforms and partnerships for both areas. Both leverage AI and Gen AI to 
deliver speed and autonomous operations.  
 
We are delighted with NEURON, Tata Elxsi’s network transformation and 
automation suite being declared the platinum winner of the Juniper Awards 
for telco transformation. It was also the center stage of a showcase at the 
Mobile World Conference in Barcelona in February. 
 
The power of our design-led proposition is best underscored with a 
multimillion U.S. dollar program we won late in this quarter for the customer 
experience transformation of video services of a leading Africa plus Middle 
East operator operating in over 25 countries. This also demonstrates new 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
opportunities for us in new markets, such as LATAM, Middle East and 
Africa.  
 
Coming to our system integration and support business, we continue to pivot 
to value-added services, innovation-led projects such as experience centers 
and supporting downstream deployment and run management of our products 
and platforms. 
 
Q4 revenues and growth was impacted by hardware shipment delays due to 
the Red Sea shipping crisis, which did not allow us to deliver and build some 
revenues. Despite this, it grew credibly by 18.6% in the financial year '24 in 
constant currency terms, getting close to INR100 crores business in this 
financial year. 
 
From a customer standpoint, we are transforming our customer base across 
industries with a significant shift towards OEMs in the automotive industry 
and operators in the media and telecom industry. While we continue to invest 
in deepening our key customer relationships, this is reflected in the strong 
growth in our top 10 and top 25 customers across the company. 
 
From a talent perspective, we continue to invest ahead of time in building our 
talent pipeline. We are expanding our presence across locations in India and 
overseas. Our employee retention continues to be the best among our peers 
and industry at large, at 12.4%. We added 178 Elxsians, net - additions in the 
fourth quarter and 1,535 Elxsians in the full year, and we have a planned 
intake of fresh engineers and laterals through FY'25. 
 
On the AI and Gen AI front, we continue to invest strongly in solutions, 
POCs and projects, and ramp-up of talent across the company. We have 
created and deployed specialized programs to be able to get 25% of our 
engineers AI ready by Q3 of FY'25. We are working on experimenting and 
innovating using Gen AI across design and software.  
 
We are targeting areas that may be impacted by Gen AI and disrupt our 
business such as coding, automated testing that we proactively take to 
customers. Equally, we are applying Gen AI to workflows and processes, 
regulatory work, automation of network operations as a new service 
framework and solutions we can take to customers. 
 
The large deal that we announced in the healthcare regulatory space already 
uses automation and AI to deliver efficiency, speed and higher quality to 
workflows for our customers. We are also enriching our reserves platforms 
such as NEURON, iCX, TEcare, with Gen AI to enable new use cases and 
customer experiences for our customers. In the quarter, we also hosted a Gen 
AI hackathon internally for our employees with over five to six teams 
participating across all industry segments.  

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
 
Even as we step into the new financial year, we are pleased to announce two 
new members to the Board.  
 
Mr. Soumitra Bhattacharya has had an illustrious corporate career, especially 
in automotive industry, with over 28 years at Bosch Group. He serves as the 
Chairman of Bosch Limited and is a Director for IFQM, an industry-led 
initiative focused on quality excellence and innovation.  
 
Ms. Ashu Suyash is a highly respected leader and served as the MD and CEO 
of CRISIL, among leadership roles across many leading institutions. She has 
recently set up Colossa Ventures, an investment ecosystem for women 
entrepreneurs and is an independent director on a few boards, including 
Hindustan Unilever. We look forward to leveraging the rich experience in 
network, industry knowledge and strategic inputs from our new directors. 
 
In summary, I’m pleased with our overall performance and resilience in 
revenues, margins and customer additions throughout the year in a volatile 
macroeconomic environment. We are entering the new financial year with a 
commitment for growth and the continued confidence in our differentiated 
and integrated design digital capabilities.  
 
This is backed by strategic relationships we have built over years with key 
customers, the qualitative change in revenues towards OEMs and SDV 
programs, entries into new operators and marquee healthcare logos, 
investments in talents and hiring that we have made and continue to make, 
investments in strategic technology areas in AI and a strong deal pipeline we 
carry into the new financial year.  
 
Thank you and we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JPMorgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you. Two questions from my side. Firstly on the media client, can you 
just give more color in terms of whether it was in the media vertical or in the 
telecom space? And if you can quantify the ramp down as well for the quarter 
and is this something which is completely done, or should we expect some 
further ramp downs in the coming quarters as well? 
 
Second question is on margins. We saw margins decline by more than 100 
basis points this year. So how should we think about margins for next year, 
given that the demand environment has not changed? Are you targeting to 
maintain margins or do you still have levers where you can see margin 
expansions? Thank you. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So I think the dip that we had with one account was in the media 
operator segment, it impacted almost 3%, that one single degrowth that we've 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
had with one customer. Coming to the margins, I think we are pretty 
confident with the sort of pipeline that we have and the levers that we have to 
manage our margins. So we are definitely looking to come back to the 
margins for the full year that we delivered in the last financial year. So I think 
that is what we would focus on. 
Nitin Pai: 
Just to add, Bhavik, we are done with the ramp down. So that doesn't 
continue or decline further. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Just a clarification, this 3% impact is for the quarter at overall level, 
right? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No, at the MCV level. 
Nitin Pai: 
So Media and communications degrew just a little more than 4% for the 
quarter, out of which about 3% was attributable to the single customer and 
the single ramp down. We are done with that this quarter. So when you start 
the next quarter, we have no further impact from that customer.  
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Nitin Pai: 
Otherwise, we would have ended up just about neutral. So that's the point. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sulabh Govila from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is on the transportation 
business. So I just wanted to understand that there are multiple moving parts 
in the sense that, on the one hand we have OEM-related business where we 
see SDV projects coming in. And then at the same time, there is a delay in 
the form of ramp-up of some of these projects? And also ex of OEMs, some 
of the Tier 1 business could be coming off. So just wanted to understand right 
now, the sort of growth that we have posted, which is 1.2% Q-on-Q, when 
can we think about this accelerating given that there are multiple moving 
parts there? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes, it is as we rightly talked about, currently 56% of our business comes 
from OEMs. So if you look at it in the previous financial year, I think our 
Tier 1 business was more like 50% and OEM business was more like 40%. I 
think we've done exceedingly well to transition this into a lot more focused 
on the OEM business and the sort of deals that we have been winning. 
 
Yes, there have been some delays in one deal that we have won, but we 
definitely see that ramp-up picking up towards the latter half of this quarter. 
So I think our focus is to continue to exploit the opportunities that we see in 
the OEM business. We used to have a large portfolio of Tier 1, so what we're 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
really focusing is to really focus on select key Tier 1s that we believe will 
continue to grow strongly.  
 
And in these Tier 1 businesses, we are looking at consolidation opportunities. 
So we are not abandoning the Tier 1 business, because we still believe that 
there are opportunities there and there are a lot of consolidation opportunities 
that we are bidding for at this point in time. So that is something we will 
strongly focus on. 
 
We hope that the delays and the issues that we are seeing in the industry over 
this quarter, we will see that coming to a close, and we'll hopefully be able to 
ramp up on all the deals, because we have done all the necessary work that is 
needed for preparation, we have the pipeline available. So it's a question of 
ensuring that we ramp up and the customer decisions are taken, and we move 
forward. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Okay, understood. And my second question was on the media vertical. So I 
just wanted to understand that while you mentioned that this particular ramp 
down is now over and you also see some of the opportunities in other parts of 
this vertical. So just wanted to understand that from an overall outlook for 
this vertical in the coming quarters versus what we've seen overall in the last 
year, which is sort of a decline for the full year. So should we expect in the 
coming quarters an improvement in the outlook for this vertical, given what 
you see today? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
We believe that we have bottomed out in Q4 for this vertical. Internally, we 
have done some amount of restructuring in the way we go to market in this 
particular vertical. We made some strategic choices. I'm pretty confident that 
we will see growth coming back into this vertical as we move into Q1 and Q2 
of this financial year. So the pipeline is building up, and I'm pretty bullish 
that we will see a recovery. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from 
Alchemy Capital Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, two questions on auto. Firstly, on the 
deal ramp up last quarter, we had roughly 2% growth. We would have 
expected that with the deals that we had won in Q2, they would have 
contributed in Q4. And so this 1.2% growth includes those ramp-ups or this 
1.2% has come without that, because we're talking about the delays in the 
deals that we won in Q2 as well, right? So how should we think about that 
match? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So we have ramped up a very small team. So the full ramp-up has still not 
happened. So you can practically say that 1.2% doesn't include any ramp-up 
from that deal. So we're expecting that ramp up to happen in the later half of 
Q1. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Vimal Gohil: 
Right but has that ramp-up already started? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Very pretty small ramp-up has started. The actual deal is a multimillion, 
multiyear deal, but we have not been able to ramp up to the initial 
expectations, because we had certain customer-related issues. And we are 
hoping that will get over towards the end of this quarter. 
Vimal Gohil: 
And how much has our OEM business grown as compared to FY '23 in FY 
'24, if you can give me the number? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
The OEM business was about 40% in the last financial year. FY '23 was 
40%, FY '24 was 56%. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Okay. So this 56% is for the entire FY '24, not for Q4? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Correct. Entire. 
Nitin Pai: 
So Vimal, maybe I can just add. The OEM business grew by about 40% year-
on-year. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Okay. So, which implies that there is a significant decline in the Tier 1? 
Nitin Pai: 
That's correct. That's correct. 
Vimal Gohil: 
And we've bottomed out there is what we're saying? 
Nitin Pai: 
That's right. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. 
Vimal Gohil: 
Okay. And next question is for Gaurav. Maybe if you can help us understand 
the puts and takes for the margin performance for this quarter? 
Gaurav Bajaj: 
Sure, Vimal. So margin came down by 100 basis points, 30 basis points came 
from the cost currency headwinds. While we continue to invest and expand 
our talent base to capture the capability and capacity building and also keep 
investing into the talent pool in terms of the AI capabilities. So 80 basis 
points came from that cost towards talent building, which got added during 
the quarter. 
We also done with the last batch that we on boarded for 2023 campus in this 
quarter, that together was 30 basis points from exchange and 80 basis points 
from people rate investment capability building, give you total 110 basis 
point dip. At the same time, we have some benefit from the cost of sales that 
we got to optimize that gave us a benefit of 10 basis points, and hence, the 
total EBIT drops from the quarter-to-quarter basis came at 100 basis points. 
But if you see at the overall company level P&L, the cost has not 
significantly changed, just in the quarter, there was a certain headwind in a 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
few of the verticals hence the revenue got a dip, which has an impact on the 
margin. But at the same time, we see there enough levers available, capacity 
available to tap those levers available for us to get back to the margins where 
we operated for the full year in FY '24. 
Vimal Gohil: 
And last clarification is the erstwhile IDV business, which we have now 
merged with the software business that gets reported between Media and 
Comm's and the other verticals, right? Nothing gets added to auto? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
It adds to all the three verticals. Just to explain why we had to do this - we 
have been talking about our integrated design digital offering and taking a 
design-led solutions to our customers. So we have been winning a number of 
integrated deals, and depending on which division was really leading it, the 
revenues are occurring to that particular division. 
So in some cases, IDV used to get that revenues. It is not only the design 
revenues, it also included the software revenues. In some cases, the 
transportation or the Media and Communication verticals, they were getting 
the complete revenues. So it was sort of a little misleading in terms of how to 
segregate what is designed and what is the EPD offerings. 
It was getting very difficult to go on a case-to-case basis and make this 
differentiation. So we've decided that, look, let us have an integrated EPD 
plus IDV offering because it no longer made sense to really differentiate what 
is EPD and what is IDV. 
And this value proportion also resonated very well with our customers. And it 
only makes sense when we look at it, when we give an industry breakup for 
all our revenues, we were only giving the EPD revenues. And that was sort of 
misleading because 12-13% of our revenues, which used to come from IDV 
were not represented in this breakup. 
So for apple-to-apple comparison, if you want to compare peers or if you 
want to compare us with any other organization, it made sense for us to give 
an integrated idea, what is the total market share of all the revenues that we 
are generating, how much is for automotive, how much for Media and 
Communication, and how much for Healthcare. So that was the reasoning 
why we decided that it is better to give a full view to the investors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Manoj, I basically just wanted to get your thoughts on two, three aspects. 
Number one thing was that we've seen some of your traditional IT service 
companies acquire ER&D companies with deep customer relationships in 
some of the large OEMs. So how do you think that, coupled with the fact 
that, as customer spending moves towards middleware aspect, how do those 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
two aspects impact competition for pure-play ER&D companies like us? 
That's question number one. 
The second question was with regards to just understanding your prospects in 
terms of FY '25 in terms of growth across different industry segments, like 
this year, growth was led by automotive in a very significant manner, while 
we had some challenges on the media side, while Healthcare started to pick 
up towards the later part of the year. So how should we be thinking about the 
growth dynamics across the three industry segments going into FY '25? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So I think, yes, it is a fact that we have seen large IT services companies 
trying to get into the ER&D space, especially the automotive space, by 
acquisitions. And that is a challenge that we need to face. I don't have a 
specific view on it. We would treat it as any other competition. However, we 
are pretty confident on our design digital offerings. 
And we have built the capability organically over many years, right, almost 
30 years, we have been in this business. So we clearly know what ticks in this 
industry. We have built the processes that we need to deliver value on a 
sustained basis to our customers. And many of the relationships that we have 
with our customers are more than 10 years, 15 years, 20 years sort of 
relationships that we have. 
So yes, we are looking at some of the news that we read in terms of 
acquisitions and so on -- and we will take it on a case-to-case basis. From our 
side, we are deeply focused on our existing customer base. We are really 
deeply focused on building our executive connect and deepening our 
relationship with our existing customers and ensure that we grow with those 
customers. 
Coming to FY '25 growth, we don't usually give our guidance. But I believe 
that I'm very happy with the sort of growth that we are seeing in the 
automotive industry in the last financial year. And the push for us is to really 
repeat that sort of performance.  
At the same time, I talked about bottoming out of the MCV business. We are 
really hoping that MCV business will start contributing to the growth of the 
organization. I'm pretty excited with the HLS business. You know that we've 
had an issue with MDR and as a result of which, our growth rates slowed 
down in the last financial year. I think we have put all of that behind us, and 
we really hope that we will be able to accelerate that in the financial year. 
So overall, I strongly believe that we should be able to put up a better 
performance from a growth perspective as compared to last financial year. 
Nitin Pai: 
Just to add a little bit from my side. And this is Nitin here, especially because 
I'm a little closer to some of these M&A's that we see and read about, my 
comment would be as follows, right? I think one, we're in the right space in 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
terms of the industries that we work in; the fact that we have a presence in 
automotive, healthcare and so on. I think these are the segments that are 
growing. 
 
Two, I think we have always been in the right service lines, very, very 
important. Software and electronics is where all the growth is. And I think we 
are absolutely in the right place for where growth is going to be. Three, I 
think we are winning the right deals. If you look at the pivot that we've made 
over the last few quarters, I think you're seeing not just the significant growth 
that we're driving from OEMs, but from the right kind of deals, including 
SDV. And lastly, I think we are in the right country because your scale, your 
capacity, your ability to deliver will all come from India. 
 
In my view, I think some of the acquisitions that we're seeing is endorsing the 
fact that we have the right ingredients and the right ticks in the right boxes 
and many of the acquisitions are just an attempt to get into the same space 
with possibly companies that have relationships, legacy capabilities, and now 
they have a lot of lift and ship to do. That is the way I would read it. 
Manik Taneja: 
If I can prod you on one more question. So you mentioned that we certainly 
expect FY '25 to be better for potentially bottoming out of Media and 
Communications vertical and while Transportation is expected to do well, 
given some of these ramp-up challenges on the Transportation side in near 
term, should one probably be expecting this growth improvement to be more 
back-ended with possibly near term being as subdued as what we've seen in 
the more recent past? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
We will grow out of it, right? I mean we've had an issue in our Media and 
Communication business in the quarter. We definitely will grow out of it in 
the quarter. Similarly, from the Transportation business also, if you look at it, 
we will grow out of where we exited last quarter, right? So in my perspective, 
we definitely will do better, including in Q1, and that momentum will carry 
forward through the financial year. 
Manik Taneja: 
Sure. Thank you. All the best for your future. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. So Manoj, I wanted your 
thoughts on how should we look at a trade-off between growth and margins. 
So what I'm trying to get at is, would you rather be okay with growth at the 
current levels and 30% margins, which is what you have maintained in the 
past? Or do you think there is a business case for reinvesting some of these 
higher margins to chase better growth? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So the mandate from our Board is very clear Apurva, and I've maintained this 
repeatedly - we can't chase growth at the cost of margins. So we definitely 
need to maintain our margins as well as look at growing at a faster rate. The 
focus from our point of view, from management point of view and the 
strategies that we have in the organization, the sort of investments that we are 
making is all towards accelerated growth without reduction in margins. 
Nitin Pai: 
I think what we're also saying is that we have enough levers to make sure that 
we can support the strong growth that we want and we are looking to without 
sacrificing margins. So I think the point we're making is that kind of net 
hiring that we have done over the last 8 to 12 quarters. In fact, you have to 
step back to look at the fact that we've absolutely been consistently hiring in 
large numbers, all through the last 8 to 12 quarters. Not all of it is consumed 
for sure. So we've been building capacity. So to that extent, I think there are 
enough levers. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Okay. And to the earlier point that you were making, which are the 
subsegments that could be doing much better? So you mentioned, I think 
OEMs, which grew 40% for the year. So would you expect a similar run rate 
in the OEM subsegment and which would be some of the other pieces within 
the business that you expect to grow faster? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes, we won't comment on the growth rates. But definitely, what we can call 
out is to say that we expect the OEM part of the business to continue to grow 
strongly, partly because of the fact that we already won deals and have a path 
to ramping up. The other is we continue to focus on more, right? So to that 
extent, I would definitely call out that piece as one of superior growth overall, 
and nothing to do with last year, so I'm not doing a comparison. 
 
The second is in the Media and Communication industry. I think we still have 
a lot of faith in the relationships and the capabilities that we bring to 
operators. So we definitely see stress in suppliers and device vendors and so 
on, just as much as we have seen the same in retail and suppliers in the 
automotive industry. I think the operative pivot that you made and the 
continued growth that we see there, because of our relevant services - not 
because they have a lot more to spend, not because they are increasing 
budgets - simply because we are more relevant. I think that will be the other 
piece. 
 
In healthcare, in general, I think we are in the right place. So we are winning 
the right logos in terms of device vendors and the whole medical industry. I 
think digital therapeutics and connected health, are the two interesting areas 
that I think we will also see somewhat accelerated growth, obviously, on a 
very small base because industry service is just about picking that up now. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thanks for that, Nitin. Then just finally, you referred to the 3% Q-on-Q 
impact from the dip in media operator. I'm just trying to reconcile this with 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
very strong growth in top 10. So would this be outside top 10? Or is there a 
change in the top 10 classifications? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
No. This particular customer is outside top 10. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Got it, got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Good evening, Manoj and Nitin. Thanks for the opportunity. Manoj, in your 
opening remarks, you talked about the transformation on the customer side, 
particularly on Transportation segment and Media on working directly with 
operator? And so can you give a little deeper insight into what exactly in 
OEM has grown? So how it will play out in coming quarters or coming years 
and is there any kind of leverage that we can have in EBITDA also directly 
dealing with OEM vis-a-vis Middleware people? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Sure. So I will maybe request Nitin to take that question. 
Nitin Pai: 
Thanks, Mr. Sheth. A quick one. If you look at what we are saying, 
essentially we're saying that in two industries, the value is now accruing to 
the top of the value chain because typically, OEMs sit at the top of the value 
chain in the automotive industry. But traditionally, R&D, product 
engineering, delivery of systems and software has been done by suppliers 
who then work with the OEMs against their specifications. 
 
OEMs traditionally have taken the role of saying look, we are integrators. We 
are assemblers and we are going to run the brand and the service for 
customers. Product and technology will come from our suppliers. And I think 
that is changing. And that is now accruing to the OEMs who are saying, look, 
there is economies of scale, there is greater innovation agility if we bring 
back the software to us, and we can also optimize on the hardware 
architectures and so on, which are all evolving; where instead of having 50 
boxes that do different things in the car, I can maybe have just one or two 
large computers, which now run all the softwares, with enough safety, 
redundancy and so on. 
 
So the swing of software development to OEMs, it's not going to be 100%, 
but there is more and more spend that is happening from OEMs at this time 
and will happen for the next few years, simply because of this appropriation 
of software and development and value from the suppliers. And that is a trend 
that we are now following and reflecting in our results. And we expect this 
will continue for a period of time. 
 
The same is happening with operators, where operators traditionally have 
taken equipment from typically the likes of Cisco, Ericsson, Nokia and so on. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
I think there is a strong move to open-source software, to software that runs 
on the core, you dump down and make hardware more commoditized at the 
edge and so on and forth. And I think that is exactly the trend that we are 
tracking in terms of who do we work with? Do we work with suppliers? Or 
do we work with operators? 
 
In addition, I think OTT was a completely different one, where that opened 
up additional opportunities to work with customers we never worked with 
before, like broadcasters, content studios and so on. Otherwise, we have 
nothing to do for them. We suddenly found that we could actually help them 
go direct-to-consumer with OTT platforms and so on. So I think that is the 
trend that we are following. So I think both are consistent long-term trends 
for these two industries. And I think that is what we are really tracking and 
reporting. 
 
Now this does not have a direct bearing on EBITDA. So to the extent, 
EBITDA is still a function of where do you deliver from, what services you 
deliver and the quality of your delivery. I think that is where we excel in 
general, and that is why our margins are superior, not because of the kind of 
customers who we work with, but because of the work we do. So that 
continues. It's just that who you go it for is changing. In fact, sometimes 
larger deals can also mean that you may have to give a little more in terms of 
the pricing that you offer. But we are confident that we will have enough 
levers to manage margins while we pursue growth. Sorry, it's a long answer, 
but I thought it's important to answer. 
Bharat Sheth: 
No, no, it's fair. I sincerely appreciate that but with that, I mean, earlier we 
were doing short-term project and small size. So now the project size is 
increasing substantially and kind of a continuity, it is a little longer vis-a-vis 
what earlier you had in both those places? 
Nitin Pai: 
That's correct. In fact, I would say that this is a trend that we’ve been both 
reporting and sharing with analysts and investors at large. We are slowly 
seeing the shift of product R&D and ER&D to more strategic and less 
discretionary and less project based, partly because for a life cycle of the 
product, especially with software where you're going into continuous mode of 
improvement and updates,  it doesn't stop with the launch of the product into 
the market, it continues post the launch and the updates happen through the 
air, updates happen over cable, over connected. So I think that is a trend that 
we are seeing in product engineering itself. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And last question on healthcare. So what are the underlying changes that we 
are seeing where we can have a sustainable longer-term growth? Earlier on a 
small base we were growing at very rapid pace, but there is now the pace has 
become negative. So when do we expect those kind of a pace again coming 
back on a larger base? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Nitin Pai: 
So I think on the healthcare side, you have to remember that about three 
quarters back or four quarters back, we had one impact of a particular 
medical device regulation for which we were, at that time, doing a lot of 
work that was suddenly extended and relaxed, which allowed customers to 
pull the plug on what they were doing with us.  
 
And we had an actual significant hole in our revenue streams in a single 
quarter. I think the business unit has done very, very well to plug that, grow 
and show results despite that big hole in revenue that we saw on a very, very 
short-term basis. So I think you have to reflect the growth of the (BU) in the 
context of the hole that we were in rather than as year-on-year it was so much 
growth previous year and what is your growth now. Part two, I think we've 
added some very, very good customers over the year.  
 
So I think the journey continues. I think they are in the right place. The 
medical and healthcare industry, obviously, because of the criticality, the 
nature of that industry, the regulatory environment, is much, much slower to 
change. I think they are in a place where they have to change. And I think we 
are in the right place. 
Bharat Sheth: 
And can I go for one more with your permission? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes, please. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Manoj, we have integrated our designing with the respective segments. So do 
we see anywhere, I mean, with design-related manufacturing opportunity in 
the future? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
If you're asking about manufacturing, if Tata Elxsi is going to manufacture 
products and so on… 
Bharat Sheth: 
Or getting manufactured by a third-party with our design and the whole 
software built in? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So typically, what we have been doing is we have been working with our 
customers, helping them in their design as well as when they take it to the 
factory to enable the products to be manufactured effectively. So, that is 
something that we have been doing.  
 
We have been building, for example, samples for a customer, 50 units, 100 
units and so on. We have not gone into mass manufacturing so far, but 
however, from a manufacturing perspective, it's also an interesting 
opportunity for us because manufacturing in India will definitely continue to 
grow.  
 
So we have services from an IoT perspective and industry 4.0 perspective 
that we are incubating and we are building. And we believe that the 
manufacturing sector itself could also be a new opportunity area for us that 
we are incubating at this point in time. However, if your question was about 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
will we get into manufacturing of the products for customers and so on, we 
may partner, but I don't think we will go and manufacture ourselves. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Just one question on Media Telecom, I think you said that you bottomed out 
and you should start seeing growth from here on. So what has changed over 
the last 3 months which gives you that confidence? And secondly, within 
Media- com, if you can throw some color on what are the sub-verticals where 
you are more optimistic from a demand perspective? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
With key customers and prospects, we sort of have a better visibility on the 
spend from a customer perspective, especially the key customers, the top 
customers that we have in that business, we continue to grow strongly with 
those customers.  
 
As I've also said, we have made some changes in the way that business unit is 
structured. We've brought in certain new leadership. We have restructured the 
sales organization also. So there's a focused, I would say, campaign that we 
have run in the last quarter and we are definitely hopeful of seeing those 
results in the subsequent quarters. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. And within Media - com, like any color on whether it's the operators 
or…. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
It's primarily the operators, so I think as Nitin has mentioned earlier, last year 
we have seen that we have moved from the devices and the product space to 
the operator space. So almost 70% of our revenues come from operators.  
 
And I think that is a way to move forward and we will increasingly see a lot 
more of our revenues coming in from operators. Operators are also thinking 
of digital, Cloud, AI, Gen AI and so on. So all the capabilities that we are 
building are focused for the operator market. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Salil Desai from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Salil Desai: 
Hi Manoj, I just wanted to kind of reconfirm my understanding this -- the 
SDS reporting that you're now doing, is that just a reclassification or is there 
like an organizational change also that has happened in terms of reporting 
structures or business heads and so on? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Manoj Raghavan: 
At this point in time, Salil, it's a reclassification. We have not done a change 
in the structure internally for the organization. But however, we have put in 
certain processes to define what is the design revenues and how we will 
account them and so on from an individual business unit perspective and so 
on. 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. So maybe, Salil, I can just add a little more. This is the organic change 
that we have made over 8 quarters or so because the intent was that, look, if 
we had to really be able to co-sell, if you have to be able to package, integrate 
offerings and then take it to market, if we’re able to be very seamless in how 
we can start with design, but then take all the views that we get, the inputs 
that we get, the conversations and the executive connects that we have and 
we're able to translate it in downstream, then the integration has to happen at 
multiple levels. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Okay. Let me correct myself when I answered that. We have integrated the 
sales organization. The selling happens seamlessly. 
Nitin Pai: 
But the design plus digital is an organic integration that had done over 8 
quarters. So in that sense, there are teams that are now fully aligned to each 
vertical. So you don't see it as two different business units now wanting to 
talk to each other, they're actually one team that are working with each other. 
Salil Desai: 
And the second bit, I wanted to again reconfirm was you mentioned 
somewhere that the hiring is in a way that you've done through the year is in 
a way an indication of kind of hope for a better FY '25. These are what 
profiles? You've hired largely freshers, experienced people, middle 
management? Could you give some color on what profile that we've been 
generally having? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
A lot of the hiring we do from the colleges and universities; for fresher 
hirings almost about 75% of the hirings that we would have done would be 
from campuses. Of course, we do take in laterals as well depending on the 
specific customer need and so on. But when we plan for a bench and when 
we plan for building capabilities and skills, a lot of it is based on freshers that 
we would then train and keep them ready for project engagements. 
Salil Desai: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital India. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just have one question for Nitin sir regarding 
the comment which you made on automotive business. So Nitin sir, you 
mentioned about the shift of software development work from Tier 1s to 
OEMs. Now how much of the work is being done in-house R&D with OEMs 
versus outsourcing to vendors like us? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Nitin Pai: 
That would be a tough one to answer. Why? Because I think the journeys of 
different OEMs are different in the sense that if you look at couple of OEMs 
they've all been about we don't want to give it to anybody. Everything will be 
done in our homeland and will be done by our nationality and so on. And I 
think they also turned around and said, look, that it's not possible, not 
feasible, it doesn't work and it's too expensive. They have been significantly 
delayed in their own deliverables and their time lines. And they're now 
pivoted to saying, no, we need to work with vendors. We also need to work 
with organizations that understand how this is done, because we are trying to 
both learn and run an engine together and that doesn't work. 
 
There are certain other organizations that have started working with a very 
good small set of strategic vendors and then also doing a captive in India or 
wherever else, and therefore, running a dual view of what do I get done in my 
home country? How do I use my own captives for certain work that I think 
they are best for? And how do I use vendors where they are best for. So I 
think there is no one single answer that I can tell you, and this is also 
evolving over time. Remember, all this is just about 2, 3 years old in many 
ways. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika 
Institutional Equities. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Hello, thanks for this opportunity. I have one important question. Some of the 
global... 
Moderator: 
Chirag, I am really sorry to interrupt but your voice is not very clear. If you're 
on a hands free, request you to use the handset. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Now it's better? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
I have one broad question to Manoj. Some of global OEMs’ software plan 
with respect to EV mobility and those are the known ones. So what's your 
thought on the revolving EV landscape like the growth which we are 
witnessed in the past 2 years in the Transportation vertical will continue due 
to those cuts? Or do you think that this will change as more and more people 
are now talking about this hydrogen mobility and hybrid stock instead of 
electric vehicle also? 
Nitin Pai: 
Yes. So Chirag, maybe I'll take that. So what I understood from your question 
is with respect to electric mobility, do you see the fact that electric mobility 
may not be the only and single part that everybody pursues, but there are 
options emerging. What does that mean for us? Is that correct? 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Nitin Pai: 
Absolutely. So I think there are 2 parts here. One is that while you look at 
electric mobility, whether there is enough sales, no sales is a different matter, 
but you have to have our portfolio of electric vehicles. So I don't think new 
OEM has an option to say, I will not do electric at all. It's only a question of 
saying how much of electric and how much of others, right? So to that extent, 
there is a path for EV with every OEM in the world. That's part one. 
 
Part two is the opportunities that come out from any alternate that you try, 
including fuel cells, hydrogen and so on, only means that there are other areas 
and other opportunities that we can also target from a software perspective. 
But I think the biggest point that I would make is the software-defined 
vehicle is not solely dependent on electric. Electric is one constituent of what 
goes into a software defined vehicle. But ultimately, everything that the car 
delivers, mobility, convenience, comfort, infotainment, connectivity, ADAS, 
everything is going to be driven by software. So to that extent, electric just 
represents one part of what we do. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sulabh Govila from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Hello. Thanks for taking my question again. So my question was on the head 
count and the hiring in the coming year. Given that in FY '24, we have added 
head count, which is to the tune of 13% growth, and it is stronger than the 
revenue growth. So you had some capacity, as you mentioned. So how should 
we think about the hiring trends going into FY '25 including the fresher 
issues? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes. So I think we would continue to add people from a fresher perspective 
because that is the source of talent for us. But we will be a little careful in the 
numbers that we add. We'll definitely also meter this a little bit, again, based 
on how deals shape up and how the revenue picks up. So from a fresher 
addition perspective, we are looking anywhere between 1,500 to 2,000 
engineers. And whether we will be at 1,500 or 2,000 would depend on the 
business situation and how the revenues are growing. Lateral hiring would be 
again on-need basis, and that we would continue to do again based on 
business. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Okay, understood. And with respect to the type of contracts, so if I look at the 
on-site, offshore mix as well as the fixed and time material contracts then we 
had strong offshoring. But in the past 3, 4 quarters, that's something that has 
sort of come off. And then same is with respect to fixed price projects coming 
off. So I just wanted to understand what's the incremental nature of change in 
these contracts? If you could highlight that? 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Manoj Raghavan: 
So those are just marginal changes. I don't think it is very significant, it is not 
as if that suddenly we are going from 25% on site to 40% or 50% -- it's 
marginal plus or minus shift to 1% or 2%. I think... 
Nitin Pai: 
Sulabh, don't read much into it. I think there's no fundamental change in 
trend. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Rajesh Chaudhary from Zenith. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh Chaudhary: 
Good evening. My question is, do we have any opportunity or do we foresee 
any opportunity in the semiconductor exchange? Because India and Tata 
Group is making a lot of investments in the semiconductor industry in India? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Semiconductor industry is something that we have been involved in quite a 
few years ago. About 7-8 years ago, we actually exited the design space, 
however we continued to work with semiconductor customers in the 
software, embedded and the firmware area. So definitely, we have 
capabilities, especially relating to the vertical markets that we address, right, 
whether it's automotive, whether it's media, telecom or healthcare. 
 
We build solutions on the chips for these particular industry verticals. So as 
far as anything to do with these 3 industry verticals, we have a play. But at 
this point in time, we really are not getting into the chip design aspects at this 
point in time. 
Rajesh Chaudhary: 
Okay. So we would only be involved in the testing phase or? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Application development - all of that. 
Rajesh Chaudhary: 
But that would only be related to the software part and not to any of the 
hardware part? 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Yes, not into the chip design space. 
Rajesh Chaudhary: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in queue. I would now like 
to hand the conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Manoj Raghavan: 
Thank you, investors. It was an eventful FY '24. A lot of changes happening 
in our market. But I believe we, as a team, Elxsians, we have come out 
exceedingly well, shown a strong growth of 13% year-on-year. When I stand 
here looking at the new financial year, we're really confident that on the 
pipeline and the conversations that we're having with customers. And we 
really hope for another strong performance this financial year. Thank you so 
much. 

 
 
 
Tata Elxsi Limited 
 
 
April 23, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Tata Elxsi that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
