 
 
 
30th April, 2024 
 
Stock Code BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
       ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 25th April, 2024, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the said 
earnings call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/results-presentations/quarterly-results/march-quarter-
2024-results/ 
 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Dev Bajpai 
Executive Director, Legal & Corporate Affairs 
and Company Secretary 
DIN:00050516 / FCS No: 3354 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
DEVOPAM 
NARENDRA 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed by 
DEVOPAM NARENDRA 
BAJPAI 
Date: 2024.04.30 19:28:38 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
 
 
 
 
 
 
“March Quarter and Financial Year 2024  
Earnings Call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited” 
 
April 24, 2024 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Rohit Jawa, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Mr. Ritesh Tiwari, CFO and Executive Director, Finance and IT  
Mr. A Ravishankar, VP - Finance 
 
 
 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 2 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Hindustan 
Unilever Limited Conference Call for the Results of March 
Quarter and Financial Year Ended 31st March 2024. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. A. Ravishankar, Vice 
President, Finance. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good evening, everyone, and welcome 
to the conference call of Hindustan Unilever Limited. This 
evening, we will cover the results of March Quarter and 
Financial Year Ended 31st March 2024. On the call with me is 
Rohit Jawa, CEO and Managing Director; and Ritesh Tiwari, 
CFO. We will start with prepared remarks from Rohit and 
Ritesh, where we will cover an overview of our performance in 
the financial year and in March quarter and our future outlook. 
We expect this to take around 30 minutes, which will leave us 
with an hour for the Q&A session. Before we get started with 
the presentation, I would like to draw your attention to the 
Safe Harbor Statement included in the presentation for good 
order sake. 
With that, over to you, Rohit. 
Rohit Jawa: Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everyone. Thank 
you for joining us on the call today. It's always a pleasure to 
interact with all of you.  

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 3 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Let me first start with an overview of the operating context for 
financial year '24. With softening in prices of key commodities, 
especially those with Home Care and Personal Care, we 
passed on this benefit to consumers. Consequently, there was 
a nominal to no price growth in the year. Volume recovery 
remained gradual due to high levels of cumulative inflation 
over the past few years, coupled with a weak monsoon 
affecting rural demand. Urban, organized trade and premium 
portfolio stayed resilient and led growth for FMCG overall.  
Given this context, we delivered a resilient performance for the 
year with an underlying sales growth of 3% and an underlying 
volume growth of 2%. EBITDA margin was up 40 bps year-on-
year. We continue to focus on operational excellence and built 
back our gross margins, with a substantial part of this being 
reinvested behind brands and capabilities. Net profit crossed 
the milestone of 10,000 crores in this fiscal. PAT before 
exceptional items and EPS grew 4% and 2%, respectively. 
Moving on to our competitive performance. It's important to 
look at corporate market shares and MAT business winning 
metric over a longer period, to fully appreciate the impact of 
the inflation, deflation cycle on these metrics. Compared to 
2021, we have improved our corporate market share by 
almost 200 bps. As we said previously, we have seen 
resurgence of small and regional players, who had vacated 
the market during peak inflation. 
Consequently, in recency, we have seen a marginal dip in our 
market shares. But it's important to note, we are holding on to 
almost all of the gains made in 2021 and 2022. Last quarter, 
we discussed how we expect our MAT business winning metric 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 4 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
to be impacted as we lap the high base. While the metric has 
dipped below 60% this quarter, we are confident that it will 
come back towards the second half of calendar year 2024. 
Our business fundamentals continue to remain strong, as can 
be evidenced by healthy penetration gains and business with 
growing or stable brand power as we continue to expand our 
physical and mental reach. 
 I had first spoken to you about key thrust areas for HUL in our 
October Earnings Call. A lot of what we have already been 
doing has strengthened our business, and we continue to 
build on it. However, it's equally critical for us to transform our 
business to serve the changing consumer aspirations to 
ensure we outperform in the years to come. 
Let me delve into the progress we've made against each one 
of these thrusts during the fiscal. Our first thrust is to grow the 
core through unmissable brand superiority. This chart is 
evidence that we are a powerhouse of big purposeful brands. 
We have a total of 19 brands clocking over INR 1,000 crores 
each in annual turnover. Put together, these 19 brands 
account for over 80% of our turnover. Clinics Plus is now an INR 
2,000 crores brand for us, having moved up the table in the 
fiscal. Boost, Sunsilk and Vaseline are the next three brands 
that are moving towards the INR 1,000 core mark. 
Consumers are increasingly discerning and are making well-
informed holistic buying decisions. We started on our product 
superiority journey to provide best-in-class products and over 
the years have made very good progress in this space. With 
evolving consumer needs, we are now broadening the way we 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 5 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
measure and deliver superiority. Under the framework of 
unmissable brand superiority, we will measure our products 
against six tangible and distinct drivers, namely the 6Ps, all of 
which are proven drivers of consumer preference. 
We have already embarked on this journey of making our 
brand unmissably superior, and I will take you through two 
examples to bring this concept alive. Starting with Vim liquids. 
During the year, we have driven multiple initiatives across 
each of the 6Ps to land an unmissably superior product in the 
market. 
From 
improving 
formulation 
to 
sharpening 
proposition and modifying the packaging to be more 
aspirational and ergonomical, specific actions were taken to 
address each driver of consumer preference. The result of 
these actions has been promising, Vim liquids has seen a 
double-digit volume growth in FY '24 with highest penetration 
gains in over a decade and continued market leadership.  
 
Horlicks is another example of a brand that has pivoted its 
actions around the 6Ps to deliver an unmissably superior 
brand. We have sharpened and fortified the proposition of 
taller, stronger and sharper through precise and focused 
communications, packaging redesign and promotions. We 
have dialed up nutrition science information at the face of the 
pack, providing consumers with crucial information about the 
product. As a result of these actions, the brand has 
significantly 
strengthened 
its 
position 
in 
the 
market. 
Penetration, market share and brand power have all seen 
improvement year-on-year. We are confident that our journey 
from product superiority to unmissable brand superiority will 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 6 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
take our brands from strength to strength and solidify our 
market leadership. 
Moving on to market making and premiumization. Given the 
context of increasing affluence and under-indexed FMCG 
consumption, we have a huge opportunity to build categories 
of the future through market making and premiumization. We 
are doing this through persuasive communications via the 
right medium, innovating in new demand spaces and formats 
of the future and educating consumers at scale. 
During the year, we've used these levers disproportionately to 
invest in market making and premium cells. For instance, more 
than 75% of incremental media investment was spent on 
market making, premium cells. Similarly, more than 70% of our 
innovation turnover also came from these cells. We continue to 
lean in on home-to-home connects to drive trial and usage. As 
a result of the sustained investments in market making and 
premiumization, we now have a very robust portfolio that is 
leading growth for us. We have not only seeded categories 
and formats but have successfully built them to scale. The 
portfolio you see on the slide contributes to more than 25% of 
our business and has grown double digits this financial year. 
I had previously spoken about the job we have to do to 
continue transforming parts of our portfolio to on-trend 
demand spaces, especially in Beauty and Foods. Let me give 
you an update on the Beauty segment today. 
We are the largest beauty company in India with a history of 
creating categories across skincare, hair care and color 
cosmetics, making us the distant number one in these 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 7 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
segments. In our journey of transforming our Beauty business, 
we are focusing on, A, contemporizing our current master 
brands, B, investing behind identified high-growth demand 
spaces, and C, embedding capabilities across supply chain, 
mental reach, media models, and thought leadership. 
We have led significant transformation across our key master 
brands, and results of a few are here for you to see. We've 
revamped our brands by refreshing product, packaging, 
communication and innovating them into new demand spaces 
and formats.  
The Indian beauty market is rapidly shifting with changing 
lifestyles, increased disposable income, exposure to global 
trends and a growing emphasis on self-care and wellness. 
We've identified six key demand spaces, big bets, which we 
believe will grow disproportionately over the next few years. 
We already have a strong INR 2,000 crores portfolio across 
these big bets, and we continue to invest to scale them up. This 
portfolio delivered a double-digit growth in this fiscal with a c. 
50% growth in e-commerce. 
To build and bring our vision of creating a world-class beauty 
company to life, we are embedding core capabilities into our 
present processes. Let's talk about three critical capabilities: 
make for beauty. Our focus is to enhance desirability of 
products using superior technology, premium packaging 
solutions and formats. To continue to innovate with speed, we 
will invest and expand our footprint of nano factories and the 
supply chain for smalls. Reach for beauty. Consumer journeys 
have increasingly become non-linear and on digital mediums. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 8 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
And hence, we are pivoting our mental reach model towards 
more digital media and influencer marketing. 
Authority for beauty. Building on our 20-plus years of 
experience in creating India's most iconic beauty moments 
through the Lakme Fashion Week, we are creating a beauty 
council with key opinion leaders from the fashion and the 
beauty Industry. In January this year, we unveiled our first 
addition of the beauty collective, through which we aim to 
strengthen Beauty partnerships with e-commerce and modern 
trade customers. 
Through these actions, we aim to build a future-fit portfolio 
and capabilities that will enable us to meet the evolving needs 
of Indian beauty consumers.  
Our fourth thrust of leadership in Channels of the future is 
about brilliant execution and curating a tailored portfolio and 
leveraging our design for channel approach. 
In general trade, we are focusing on expanding and fortifying 
our distribution moat. Our effective coverage and assortment 
both have seen a steady rise, standing at 1.2x and 1.25x of 
FY’20 levels respectively. Our e-B2B app, Shikhar, continues to 
be a strong point of differentiation for us, and we have 
successfully onboarded 1.3 million stores in Shikhar till now. 
We have enhanced Shikhar's functionalities to include loyalty 
programs, innovative marketing campaigns, and best-in-class 
app features. These are yielding good results for us. For 
instance, stores onboarded on Shikhar are growing faster than 
the other stores. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 9 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
We have elevated our execution excellence by amplifying our 
in-store activation through strong partnerships with customers 
in modern trade and e-commerce. As a result of our focussed 
actions, we have increased our on-shelf availability by 200 bps 
in modern trade and online availability by 500 bpsin e-
commerce.  
These strategic thrusts are underpinned by our distinctive 
capabilities that we continue to strengthen. Let me speak 
briefly on each. Winning in many India’s is a capability that we 
continue to embed deeply across our organization, allowing 
us to cater to differentiated needs of Indian consumers. Our 
net productivity program is crucial for generating fuel for 
growth to invest behind our brand and capabilities. We will 
continue to generate efficiency across all lines of the P&L 
through this program. Re-imagine HUL has given us a head 
start in our digital transformation agenda. Shikhar is a 
tangible example of the success of this program. We are now 
focusing our digital agenda of superior consumer and 
customer experience with an objective to sell more, save more, 
and manage better. 
Speaking about sustainability, sustainability can future-proof 
the company and create new opportunities. It safeguards our 
operations, de-risks our supply chain, helps us attract and 
retain great talent, and shapes our response to the most 
pressing and relevant global challenges we face. 
Going forward, we will accelerate our sustainable agenda 
around four key priorities that have the biggest material 
impact on the business, notably climate, nature, plastics, and 
livelihood. By focusing our efforts and resources, we will make 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 10 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
stronger, tangible progress on these complex challenges while 
creating opportunities for our business. 
Our distinctive and meritocratic culture has helped us attract 
and retain the best talent in the country. During the year, we've 
invested in building a future-ready organization. We have 
separated beauty and personal care into two segments, 
appointed a Chief Digital Officer and a Chief Sustainability 
Officer to bring greater focus and speed and execution in 
these areas. We've also set up a customer strategy vertical for 
each business unit to operationalize and execute business unit 
relevant actions across channels. 
I am a big believer of the India story and the FMCG 
opportunity. Our journey of transform to outperform will take 
HUL to the next phase of growth by enabling us to continue 
serving the evolving aspiration of Indian consumers and win in 
the market. Now let me hand over to Ritesh, who will cover our 
results in detail. 
Ritesh, over to you 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you, Rohit, and good evening, everyone. I will now walk 
you through our in-quarter and financial year performance in 
more detail and also then cover our outlook. In the quarter, 
demand trends remained broadly similar to what we have 
seen in DQ'23. In this context, we delivered a resilient 
performance with underlying volume growth of 2%. Pricing 
remained marginally negative, leading to an underlying sales 
growth of 1%. 
Moving on to bottom line performance, EBITDA margin 
remained healthy at 23.4%. I will cover EBITDA construct in 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 11 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
more detail later in the presentation. Profit after tax before 
exceptional items and profit after tax declined by 3% and 6%, 
respectively. The difference between PAT (bei) and PAT is 
primarily on account of lapping higher exceptional income in 
the base period. 
Let me now move to performance across our three segments. 
Home Care and Beauty and Personal Care segments continue 
to see negative UPG in the quarter. Home Care grew 1% with 
mid-single-digit volume growth. BPC USG declined by 2%, with 
volumes remaining flat. Foods and Refreshment, on the other 
hand, had positive pricing and delivered mid-single-digit USG 
with flat volumes. 
We continue to see positive volume growth across most of our 
business. Overall, 75% of our business is growing volumes. In 
fact, 50% of our total business is growing volumes in mid- to 
high single digits. Margins in all three segments remain 
healthy, with Home Care and Foods and Refreshment at 19% 
and Beauty and Personal Care at 26%. 
I will now click down to talk about performance within each of 
the segments.  
Starting with innovations and activations in Home Care, 
Comfort Crease Ease Spray is a format innovation that 
refreshes you clothes on the go. It helps release wrinkles while 
giving your fabric a refreshing fragrance. In Surf Excel liquid, 
we launched a new winning proposition of ‘removes tough 
dried stains first time in the machine’. 
Moving on to Home Care performance in the quarter. Volumes 
in both Fabric Wash and Household Care grew in mid-single 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 12 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
digit. Premium portfolio continued to lead growth. On a 2-year 
CAGR basis, Home Care delivered double-digit revenue 
growth.  
Let's look at key innovations in BPC. With summer rolling in, we 
have launched a range of sun care products catering to 
different consumer needs. One of these is the Invisible Sunstick 
by Lakme, a revolutionary sunscreen that is 100% invisible on 
all skin tones, yet effective with SPF 50+. Dove sensitive care 
range of body wash and soap, which helps repair skin’s 
weakened barrier was launched. Lakme recently launched 
Multislayer Face Stick at Lakme Fashion Week. Available in two 
variants, these sticks replace a multistep makeup routine with 
a single product. 
Moving on to performance in Beauty and Personal Care. It has 
been a story of two halves this quarter with divergent trends in 
Beauty & Wellbeing and Personal Care. To give you more 
clarity on this, we have disclosed the underlying sales growth 
for the two segments this time. As communicated earlier, we 
will begin detailed financial reporting for the two segments 
from June quarter onwards. 
Beauty & Wellbeing delivered a volume-driven mid-single-digit 
growth, whereas Personal Care witnessed a 10% decline. 
Talking about Beauty & Wellbeing, Hair Care delivered high 
single-digit growth, driven by volumes. This was led by 
outperformance in premium brands, including Dove and 
TRESemmé. The post-wash hair treatment segment continues 
to gain consumer traction and clock strong growth. Volumes 
for Skin Care and Color Cosmetics grew at low single digit. If 
you were to split the performance by price tiers, mass skin 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 13 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
portfolio, including talc, declined on account of muted 
demand. However, premium skin continued to outperform, 
growing in double digits. 
Oral Care delivered a broad-based double-digit growth, 
driven by pricing. Skin cleansing has declined on the back of 
price cuts taken, coupled with reduction in volumes led out of 
mass portfolio. We are not satisfied with this performance of 
skin cleansing. Let me share an overview of the actions we are 
taking to improve the business.  
These are focused around four key pillars of pricing, product, 
innovation and channels of the future. We have adjusted 
pricing across relevant packs in the mass and popular 
segment to ensure we provide our consumers with the right 
price-value equation. With respect to products, we are 
contemporizing our brands and improving formulations in our 
core portfolio. We are stepping up innovation intensity in fast-
growing demand spaces, especially in premium portfolio. 
Bodywash has been clocking strong growth over the last 
several quarters, and we will further lean into this format. The 
Dove Sensitive range and Hamam Turmeric variant are some 
of the other examples of recent innovations in premium space. 
We're also stepping up assortment in modern trade and e-
commerce to ensure we win in these high-growth channels. 
Whilst we expect to start seeing a change in the category’s 
performance trajectory, it is likely to take a few quarters before 
the full benefit is felt.  
Coming 
to 
innovations 
and 
activations 
in 
Foods 
& 
Refreshment. Brooke Bond Red Label Tea has always stood for 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 14 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
bringing people together. Our "Swad Apnepan Ka" campaign 
embodies this ethos with the latest rendition that attempts an 
un-stereotypical portrayal of differently abled people. Ice 
Cream had multiple innovations, landing in the market before 
summer season kicks in. We took our very successful 
partnership with Cadbury forward by launching a product 
which gives our consumers the best of Cadbury Crackle 
Chocolate and Feast. Mango Duet is a winning combination of 
vanilla and mango that offers a superior multilayer experience 
at INR10. 
 
Moving on to performance in F&R. Tea further strengthened 
market leadership in this quarter with strong gains in both 
value and volume. Business had a muted performance year-
on-year as we continued to witness consumers downgrading. 
Green Tea and functional tea continued to perform well. 
Coffee delivered double-digit growth, driven by pricing. 
Functional nutrition drinks, which includes Horlicks and Boost, 
delivered high single-digit growth, led by outperformance in 
the Plus range. This category continued to witness market 
share and penetration gains during the quarter. 
 
Foods delivered mid-single-digit growth, led by soups, Food 
Solution, mayonnaise and peanut butter. Ice Cream had 
volume led double-digit growth. We have had exciting 
launches in Ice Creams this quarter in lieu of upcoming 
season, a couple of which I spoke about in the previous slide. 
 
Let me now spend a few minutes explaining the components 
influencing EBITDA margin.  

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 15 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
                                       At 23.4%, EBITDA has declined 30 bps year-on-year. Gross 
margin at 51.3% has improved by 350 bps year-on-year. We 
continue to focus on building back our gross margin through 
improved price coverage, mix and net productivity initiatives. 
 
Advertisement and promotion investments at 10.8% is up 200 
bps year-on-year. Our absolute A&P investment was almost 
INR 300 crores higher than last year as we continue to invest 
competitively behind our brands and maintain share of voice 
ahead of share of market. We have also stepped up our digital 
media investments significantly as we rework our mental 
reach and media models with the reshaping of our portfolio. 
 
Employee benefits and other expenses at 18% is up 120 bps 
year-on-year. This includes an impact of 30 bps on account of 
staggered rate increase in royalty. The rest of the increase can 
be attributed to investments made in future-fit capabilities 
and lack of price leverage. 
 
On a full-year basis, other expenses and employee benefits 
expenses at circa 13% and circa 5% of turnover, respectively, 
are in line with our long-term trends. The termination of 
consignment selling agreement with GSK will have an impact 
of 60 bps starting this quarter. Hence, between this and 
increased royalty there isan impact of 90 bps on the EBITDA in 
the quarter. 
 
Moving on, a summary of our performance for this quarter. I've 
already taken you through most of the lines in detail, pausing 
a few seconds on this slide for you to read through. Coming to 
financial year results, Rohit has already shared the headline 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 16 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
performance at the beginning of the presentation. Let me 
quickly recap the numbers. 
 
Underlying sales growth for the year was 3%, EBITDA margins 
remained healthy at 23.8%, up by 40 bps year-on-year. PAT bei 
and PAT grew by 4% and 2%, respectively. Effective tax rate for 
the year was 26% after taking into consideration prior-period 
tax adjustment. 
 
Moving to segmental performance for the financial year, this 
year has witnessed a transition from high commodity inflation 
to deflation in 75% of our portfolio. In this context, we have had 
an underlying sales growth of 3% in Home Care and 2% in 
Beauty & Personal Care, led by volumes. In Foods & 
Refreshment, commodity prices remained inflationary during 
the year. Consequently, we delivered a mid-single-digit USG, 
driven by pricing. Margins in all three segments remained 
healthy, with Home Care at 18%, Beauty & Personal Care at 
26% and Foods & Refreshment at 19%. 
 
Let me now talk about the progress made in rebuilding gross 
margin. As you are aware, we took a hit to our gross margin 
during the period of high inflation as we did not price to the 
full extent of commodity price increase. This ensured that we 
have the right balance between competitive growth and 
margins. 
 
With more benign commodity situation this year, we focused 
on building back gross margin through our net productivity 
program by bridging the price versus cost cap and improved 
mix. We remain focused in further stepping up gross margin as 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 17 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
this serves as a crucial source of funds for investments behind 
brands and capabilities.  
                                       Considering our performance in the year, the board of 
directors have proposed a final dividend of ₹24 per share. 
Along with interim dividend of ₹18 per share, the total dividend 
for this year is ₹42 per share, with an 8% year-on-year increase. 
 
Let me now turn to outlook. We expect FMCG demand to 
continue improving gradually, forecast of above-normal 
monsoons and improving macro-economic indicators augur 
well. We expect our price growth to be low single digit decline 
in near term. If commodity prices remain where they are, we 
envisage price growth to plateau in midterm and become 
positive in low single digits by end of this financial year. In this 
context, our focus remains on driving competitive volume-led 
growth across our business. 
 
As I spoke earlier on skin cleansing, actions are underway to 
address performance in this segment, and we expect to see an 
improvement over the midterm. We will continue to generate 
savings through our productivity program and reinvest ut 
behind our brands and long-term strategic capabilities while 
maintaining EBITDA margin at the current levels. 
 
While we expect near-term demand to recover gradually, we 
remain very confident of mid- to long-term opportunity in 
Indian FMCG. India's booming economy, expanding affluent 
population, accelerating digital transformation, coupled with 
under-indexed FMCG spend will spur premiumization and 
provide companies with a strong runway for growth. With our 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 18 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
distinctive capabilities and our strategic thrust of transform to 
outperform, HUL is well placed to capture this opportunity. 
 
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks, and we will now 
hand it back to Ravi to take Q&A. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Rohit. Thank you, Ritesh. We'll now move to the Q&A 
session. As always, we request you to kindly keep the questions 
to a maximum of two, so that we get to take as many 
questions as possible. In case you have any further questions, 
please feel free to join the queue again. In addition to audio, 
participants also have an option to post the questions on web, 
if there are any unanswered, we will take them at the end. 
With that, I'll hand over the call back to Yashashri to manage 
the Q&A session for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We'll take our first question from the 
line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. My first question is on the liquids across your 
categories. So in dishwash liquid, you are seeing double-digit 
volume growth. I wanted to understand in dishwash liquids, 
what is the salience of liquids in the overall portfolio? And if I 
take it parallelly to a Personal Wash and Fabric Wash, what is 
the salience of liquids there? Is there any learnings which you 
can translate from dishwash to these categories? I'm asking 
this because upfront, you have highlighted dishwash liquids as 
a big success. 
 
A related question here itself on fabric dishwash liquid -- fabric 
liquid wash. So we have one of your competitors come out with 
an INR99 disruptive pricing. So what are your thoughts on that? 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 19 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
And one related question here will be in terms of disruptive 
pricing in liquids, we have seen HUL being more of a follower. 
Earlier, we did see competitor launching hand wash and body 
wash ahead of you. So is there a thought process that we can 
be ahead in terms of innovation in terms of liquid, in body 
wash and hand wash? 
Rohit Jawa: 
How are you doing? Thank you very much for the question. I 
think there probably first, I should try and clarify a few things 
because in your question, you stated so much facts, and I just 
want to make sure that we get those right. Is that okay? 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. 
Rohit Jawa: 
So broadly there is a macro secular trend of consumers 
moving towards liquids across categories. Second, we have a 
total liquids business in Home Care liquids of close to, and I'm 
talking of fabric conditioners, fabric wash and dishwashing 
included, to well in excess of INR3,500 crores. So that's huge. 
And we've been the pioneers in fabric conditioner liquids, in 
fabric wash liquids and dish wash liquids which is the reason 
why we are where we are. So that's the first fact just to clarify 
that we are not followers, but we are leaders and it's not now, 
but it's been at least 8 years, 9 years of building these 
categories they haven't happened overnight. 
 
Second that in so far as specifically Vim is concerned in dish 
wash it's already 25% of the dish wash sales which is sizable. 
We have a very strong share. And the reason we showed that 
was we are very proud of what we have done there and we 
believe that is, of course, a huge runway of growth because 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 20 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
consumers are upgrading to liquids as I mentioned in the 
beginning generally across categories. 
 
On body wash liquids which is more in the personal care space 
we were again -- and I'm not speaking from facts so we might 
have -- I'm very confident we were pioneers many years ago 
and we have now multi-brand portfolio in shelf. Not only this, 
we are market leaders in body wash liquids globally and are 
gaining shares handsomely in India as well.  
And the growth rates are in 50% - 60% and beyond and we do 
see  because the penetration of liquids -- body wash liquids is 
quite small it's under 2-odd percent that there is a large 
runway of growth in body wash liquids and we have a full 
portfolio at play and technology which is on shelf and in the 
pipeline whether it's through Dove, Pears or Lux or Lifebuoy 
which is another brand we have to play specifically in hand 
wash. 
 
So to round up all of this I just want to say that we have been 
pioneers in the liquids category in India across segments in 
home care and personal care. We've built a business short of 
INR4,000 crores which is not small by any circumstances. And 
yes, there is more competition now especially in fabric wash 
liquids in what we call Tier 2. 
 
And speaking of Tier 2 or now that the market is fragmenting 
and opening up there are many players not just one which 
have entered the market given the market is now quite sizable 
whether it's global players or local players. We do have a 
portfolio play as we have in many of the categories we play in.  

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 21 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
We have Rin which is in the market and at a Tier 2 price with a 
great product and unbeatable value for the consumer and you 
should and will see a lot more action on the front of both Surf 
Excel liquid and Rin liquid when it comes to fabric wash. So I 
hope it gives you a sense of sentiment and commitment and 
decisiveness around this space. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Just one follow-up in terms of the fabric wash what will be the 
salience on liquids? And my comment on the follower was only 
based on the disruptive pricing absolutely on your size, 
etcetera, liquids and the first entry, I think, clearly you have 
done a commendable job. So if you could give clarity on the 
salience in terms of Fabric, what's the liquid? 
Rohit Jawa: 
On Fabrics just help me with the numbers 20% within that sort 
of range and I -- don't hold me exactly to that number, but in 
that sort of range but growing at 20%. So fast growth part of 
our portfolio, but we still do, of course, have a larger business 
in bars and powders. But we're talking of I mean of massive 
category. So therefore -- and the growth is in liquids and as 
you mentioned there's also now Tier 2 INR99 or thereabouts 
other brands from other players across the industry.  
And we will therefore see more growth coming here because 
the conversion is becoming easier since cost of washes are 
quite accessible for more customers and we have a very large 
share in the segment we intend to fight the hardest to keep it. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second and last question will be on the outlook. So you 
have mentioned that there is a gradual improvement in FMCG 
demand in terms of outlook and you have mentioned the 
reasons will be essentially partly monsoon, partly improving 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 22 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
macro. My question here is last 2 years we have also seen rural 
customer spend more on education, more on the medical 
needs because he's getting a lot of free food, freebies, 
etcetera. So he is going for better life for his kids in terms of 
better education, more on the medical etcetera.  
Now the issue is post elections very clearly telecom charges 
will increase 10% to 20%. That is the correct expectation and 
that's again a big component for the lower end of rural 
customers. So how do you see that kind of impact. Is monsoon 
enough to overcome this kind of issue because for the lower 
end 10% to 20% hike in some of the cost component can be 
quite severe? 
Rohit Jawa: 
You're right, Abneesh. There is clearly a chance, as consumers 
are evolving their monthly consumption from based on the 
surveys that came up recently, but we are a very small part of 
the consumption basket as FMCG. There's so many more 
categories there. And indeed over the last few years because 
the inflation or price increases are quite sizable, they had an 
impact on rural especially as it came through COVID and 
inflation shocks, but I think we are seeing gradual recovery, we 
are hopeful of a better monsoon and monsoon does have an 
impact as we all know.  
It might not be the only impact, but it has an impact on the 
agri economy and therefore rural consumption. And I think in 
that sense, most likely, the worst is past us and from here 
onwards we do see gradual recovery in rural consumption and 
of course as we said the urban consumption has been more 
resilient especially at the premium end. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 23 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure thanks. That’s all from my side. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Thanks Abneesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Menon 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just one question on both laundry and HFD the growth what 
you've delivered and what should be the outlook we should be 
thinking about and secondly on beauty which I will come after 
this. On laundry, in general, if you could help us understand 
how do we think about the medium term because there seems 
to be a deceleration in the overall volume growth. So what I'm 
trying to understand is the heavy lifting for laundry growth has 
been delivered by premiumization. 
 
I understand the solid to liquid or powder to liquid conversion, 
but if you could talk about the premiumization otherwise 
which is happening in the powders, etcetera, which is an 
integral element to the, let's say, pushing us to double digits 
that's one. Second, it's heartening to note that in HFD there is a 
high single-digit growth. Again, if you could help us with the 
drivers of growth and sustainability and one specific comment 
would be helpful, are we back to 2019 volumes in HFD? 
Rohit Jawa: 
I can take up. 
Manoj Menon: 
The second part was HHC or HFD? 
Rohit Jawa: 
HFD. So I think you are talking about Horlicks? 
Manoj Menon: 
Health food drinks, actually. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 24 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Rohit Jawa: 
Nutrition – functional nutrition. So I can speak to laundry first, 
it's – I carry it close to my heart again as I used to be in this for 
a long time. I think we are -- our business in laundry and fabric 
wash and conditioner is very robust. We are growing, powders 
continue to grow in volume. The recovery -- and liquids as I 
mentioned before are ahead of this because the conversion is 
fast there. And of course, there's more competitive heat there. 
 
In so far as bars are concerned, they're now returning back as 
we have corrected prices. So some of the volume improvement 
will come on account of the bars going back to growth and 
powder sustaining and liquids continue growing ahead. And 
so I think we feel confident  that secularly this category will 
continue to sort of clock volume growth. It's also showing quite 
level durability through all the cycles if you look back quarter-
to-quarter.  
And here the job remains that of premiumization. We have to 
upgrade consumers to high convenience and performance 
and that's what we're doing with high-performance liquids 
now with Rin and the fabric conditioners and other formats 
that are in the pipeline. So I think that path to growth including 
Surf Excel Easy Wash upgrading rural consumers is still -- the 
engine is very much vibrant and relevant. So that I hope it 
addresses your question of the Home Care business. On 
nutrition, functional nutrition I'll just probably request Ritesh to 
answer. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So Manoj, on functional nutrition our business grew in high 
single digit and the growth was driven both by some amount 
of pricing and volume growth. So it is a good mix of volume 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 25 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
growth and price growth that drove high single-digit overall 
growth for our functional nutrition business. 
 
And if I just give a little more color within that as you know we 
have a Plus range which is high science backed portfolio, be it 
protein, be it diabetes or for that matter Women's Horlicks. This 
part of the business has seen more acceleration, it’s more 
premium and more acceleration in terms of growth. So it's a 
pretty good outcome and we have spoken in the past as well 
that our trajectory of building penetration has yielded results 
continuously. We continue to build penetration improvement 
for the category for us and for the industry, number one. 
 
Number two, we've also seen further improvement in our 
market share both value and volume market share. And one of 
the key areas we've spoken in the last call especially we've 
spoken about driving consumption in HFD because that's what 
had taken a beating in the high inflationary period. And milk 
was one of the, let me say, limiting factor, which was 
impacting consumption. 
 
Good news is you have seen, as you know, fresh milk prices 
have tapered off, they are more benign now. There's no further 
inflation happening. And overall commodities which go into 
making HFD has also seen some amount of deflation. So all 
put together, the pricing and the cost element is now going to 
help us in terms of driving further consumption build, and we 
are seeing initial results of consumption build coming in. 
 
The job of doing home to home and ensuring that we're able 
to get the product pretty well established and known to 
consumers, that effort continues. And I'm assuming that 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 26 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
between that effort and overall macro improving in terms of 
our commodity costs in the Foods area, it is helping us now to 
start seeing the results that we always wanted to see in this 
space. So yes, so that's a little bit about HFD in terms of the top 
line. In terms of bottom line, the job of doing margin 
improvement has been very successful, as we called out. And 
going forward, the focus singularly for us remains keep 
building consumption. 
Manoj Menon: 
Just quickly a follow-up here. Are we back to 2018, 2019 sort of 
indexed volumes in the nutrition business? 
Rohit Jawa: 
The volumes are back. They're growing. And as I mentioned, 
the key job for us is to ensure that we start to keep building the 
consumption as penetrations have improved already. So 
number of units have improved, we will start seeing 
consumption improving, and that is a focus area for us. 
Manoj Menon: 
Fair enough. And lastly, I just want to make a statement of 
hypothesis and just stress test whether it's a right way of 
thinking. When I look at calendar year 2023, we have seen, let's 
say, the start-up funding has declined 70% in 1Q, the number 
what I saw is another 30%, etcetera. It does appear that it's a 
great enabling environment for a large company like HUL with 
all the capabilities to outperform in Beauty. Is that the right 
statement or hypothesis, let's say, can I make for the next 24 
months, assuming the ceteris paribus template, the one we 
see currently in the market remains? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes, for the Beauty segment, correct? 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes, that's right. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 27 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. See Beauty, as we mentioned as part of the prepared 
remarks and if you unpack the category growth in current year, 
Beauty has grown mid-single digit. And if I see that in terms of 
further impact, the premium part of the portfolio has grown in 
double digits. And it's a mass part of the portfolio, which has 
declined and given the conversation we had in rural macros, 
etcetera. 
 
And we did call out on one of the slides, the six big bets that 
we want to take in Beauty segment going forward. We named 
them in the slides being sun care, face cleansing, masstige, 
serums and stuff like that. These segments put together is 
INR2,000 crores business for us, growing at strong double digit. 
And within that, the e-commerce of this footprint of this 
business is growing at 50% plus. 
 
So the way we see going forward in the Beauty space, two or 
three clear callouts. The market will keep fragmenting, the 
market will keep getting more premiumized and more 
demand spaces – sub-demand spaces will keep opening up. 
Six are the ones which we have called out that we are going to 
lean in, and this is where you'll end up seeing more amount of 
actions. 
 
In terms of portfolio brand, all three jobs to be done. Number 
one, extending the current brands into more demand spaces. 
So be it Pond's getting into more serums and sun care, I'm 
seeing examples like that or Lakme for that matter or b, 
bringing brands to capture new demand spaces. A classic 
example of that was Simple Beauty in the Clean Beauty space 
or for that matter, Novology. And those brands will be needed 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 28 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
to ensure that the upcoming demand spaces we are able to 
address and start making business with. 
 
And third, goes without saying that we have mentioned and 
called out earlier as well that we are always active in the space 
in terms of any inorganic opportunity that we need to do. And 
if at all, something comes across which is the right value, we 
will lean into that as well. 
 
So all three elements of making our own brand, leveraging 
brands of Unilever, of course, leveraging technology globally 
and ensuring that the demand spaces that we called out is 
what we keep focusing on, and we are seeing those results 
coming in, as I called out in quoted numbers for the current 
quarter on those segments. So we will go behind where there is 
growth in this space. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Arnab Mitra from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was on the soaps business. So there has 
obviously been a very sharp duration in the performance here. 
And in the context of my understanding that some of your 
competitors are doing better, could you just take a minute to 
make us understand what exactly has gone wrong here in 
terms of value equation that you mentioned?  
Is it driven by competitive intensity spike? Or is it that the 
brand equities have worsened and therefore, you need to 
invest back? If you could just help unpack what exactly is the 
problem here and how much time do you think it could take? 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 29 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Rohit Jawa: 
Sure. Absolutely. We very much would like to because first of 
all, so we don't take this lightly. And particularly in this quarter, 
we've seen an inferior performance, and we have addressed it, 
and let me just unpack for you really the causality and really 
what we have done. 
 
On the whole, as you know, it's a sizable business for us. We 
have a strong portfolio. We have increased the level of A&P 
investments since middle of last year after we had space to 
invest as the commodities softened. We have improved the 
product formulations of all of our key brands, lifebuoy, Lux, 
Dove, Pears, and Hamam. And they are now -- the superiority 
levels in products is strong. 
 
I'm heartened to say that the brand power -- in fact, recently I 
was reading, it is strengthening. So I think at a brand level, we 
are moving in the right direction. So the real issue of this 
decline in volume was essentially because price effectively is -- 
because we're lapping a price decrease base and therefore, 
that is I think generally true for the industry. But volume, which 
has dipped materially this quarter, is the one that -- is what we 
are addressing. And that is largely because of the mass end of 
the portfolio. 
So Lifebuoy and Lux, especially Lifebuoy, where we saw -- in 
past, we sell at low unit price, we were off the value equation 
more recently in the last few `quarters, and we have 
addressed that quite quickly this quarter, and now the new 
price stock is in the market, and we are seeing early signals. 
And we expect that to come back in the next quarter or two 
because we've seen the same happening with NSD bars. And in 
this case, I think we took a bit longer than we should have on 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 30 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
addressing the low unit price value equation and which we 
have done now. 
 
Now as we do that, let's not forget that the market is also 
upgrading. And our premium brands, Dove and Pears, are 
doing well. And basically there, we are doubling down on 
innovation, on product quality and on formats. So as I 
mentioned previously in the call, our work on the bathing 
shower liquids is paying dividends. We see that becoming a 
sizable category like in other big categories we play in. So we 
are investing in innovation, new benefit segments and liquids.  
At the same time, making sure that our mass portfolio remains 
very much in the sweet spot of price and quality. And we're 
working, of course, at the same time, upgrading also the 
formulation in the mass segment to take it even to the next 
level with some proprietary technologies that we will talk when 
it's appropriate. So we do think this is really limited to the mass 
end of the portfolio. And we have taken the actions that we 
needed to take, and it should recover back in the next quarter 
or two. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Thanks for the detailed explanation. Just one thing on pricing, 
again, from Ritesh's comments that you expect pricing to 
remain negative in the near term. Now we've seen a little bit of 
bounce in palm oil, crude prices. Given that you're anyways 
lapping a deflation year, normally one would have expected 
HUL or most people in the industry to start putting in some 
pricing growth now. Why is that not the case this time? Is there 
anything different that you see in terms of pricing increases 
from here on? 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 31 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So Arnab, let me just pick up your pricing question. So 
year-on-year, the total commodity basket for Home Care, for 
Personal Care, there is deflation. So there is no case for us to 
take price increases. Crude at $85 is still range bound. It goes 
up a little bit, given various amount of elements of 
geopolitical, which are influencing it in the short term. But as 
you've seen, it then recedes back to $85. CP also is firm at $850. 
We are in season now. We'll come to know how the season 
pans out. And then we'll come to know what the, if at all, the 
trajectory of that $850 changes materially. 
 
Typically, what we don't do is we don't react to short-term 
variation and volatility in commodities. The moment we have a 
read that there's a deterministic change in direction up or 
down, which is then when we start adjusting to the price so 
that we don't, let me say, react to short-term changes in the 
market. So as of now, given where the commodity prices are, is 
a total deflation on the two categories. There's no case for us 
to change in terms of take price increases. 
 
The only exception of our entire portfolio is coffee, where 
coffee, as you know, has remained firm and keeps inflating as 
a commodity and where we have taken price increases. But 
have we finished the job of passing on whatever we had to 
pass on with all commodity deflation? The answer is yes. The 
last element which was left out, as Rohit called out, was in the 
area of mass skin cleansing, especially the low unit price point 
packs, even that correction, as we speak, has happened. 
 
So I believe that where we are today, if commodity prices 
remain, in near term, short term, we will end up seeing 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 32 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
marginal decline in UPG. In midterm, we should see that 
pricing plateaued out. 
 
The second half of financial year, we will be able to keep 
leveraging our NRM and take some calculated price increases. 
And, we expect to see a positive low single digit price increase 
in second half of this financial year. This again, as I call out, is 
everything else being equal in terms of commodity market. 
 
But to your point, if at all we do see CPO running from $850 to 
$1000 plus, or crude running $95 plus, of course, we do 
operate with mindful level of inventories. And our supply chain 
is extremely resilient. And if at all we have to react and take 
price increases, we will do that. And for that matter, if at all we 
have to further titrate price decreases where we need to, we'll 
do that. So we are on the ball. And it is a high volatile period. 
And we are closely monitoring it. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Okay. Thanks so much, Rohit and Ritesh. All the best. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. Thank you. Appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from 
Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hello team. Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to kind of just 
understand the EBITDA margin, given our earlier comment of 
targeting 23% to 24% band. As a concept, what do you think is 
required for us to start looking at moving from the bottom end 
of the band towards more at the mid and at the top end? Is 
this more a volume recovery? Or is there anything else that you 
would want -- is this more external, internal? I would love to 
hear your comments on that. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 33 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. No, thanks for the question, Avi. So a few things on EBITDA. 
Exactly as you mentioned that at 23.4%, where we are, we 
would want to maintain at current levels in short term, our 
EBITDA margins. Medium to long term, we have always called 
out that our stated ambition is to do modest margin 
improvement. But if I just bring it back now for next some 
quarters, this is a level that we want to maintain the margin. 
 
Now what are the puts and takes out here. First, within this, we 
want to continue driving gross margin improvement. Even in 
this quarter, when we delivered a 23.4% EBITDA, you saw a very 
strong 350 bps gross margin improvement. A large part of that 
got invested into A&P. We continue to operate SOV ahead of 
SOM. And we further invested in capabilities so that our ability 
to bring innovation and for that matter improve execution in 
the marketplace is installed and keeps increasing. 
 
So hence, if commodity prices remain where they are, and 
those are the factors which have impacted. And again, 
remember, in this quarter, when we delivered 23.4% margin, 
this is after taking impact of 60 bps for the business of GSK - we 
used distribute their products, and we used to end up making 
margin from that. And now that margin we no longer make. So 
for next 4 quarters, you will end up seeing that 50 to 60 bps 
impact coming in from that business, which now we have 
discontinued. So that impact comes in. 
 
Going forward, improving mix, number one, which is what we 
want to see; further volume growth, number two; number 
three, price growth. Ultimately, there's always a pretty robust 
operating leverage, Avi, that works in the P&L. When you have 
a deflationary scenario and you don't have a price growth, you 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 34 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
end up missing that operating leverage, which then drops into 
the P&L. 
 
So those are the conditions which need to be existing for us to 
then start going towards a higher band or for that matter 
going beyond 24%, which is A- trajectory of overall market 
recovery, which is gradual, should continue to improve. Macro 
is looking better, number one. Number two, we should start 
seeing some recovery of overall pricing in the segment and 
hence, the operating leverage coming in. And the job of 
continuously improving mix is already there in the mix 
happening. So those are, I would say, 3 drivers which will help 
us to start inching margins further up. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Ritesh. Thanks a lot for that. And Ritesh the other bit I 
just wanted to clarify. See, we understand what is happening 
in skin cleansing and the correction that we've done. Would 
you be all -- would you give us some sense on what is 
happening in the mass skin care? Is that a demand issue or a 
competitive issue, where you need to also revisit pricing 
equation? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. Mass, skin, simple answer. It's a demand issue. No 
competitors challenge. Products, distribution, all in place. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay, perfect. Thank you very much. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek 
Maheshwari from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Hi, good evening, team. My first question still is on the soap’s 
bit. The volume decline looks quite surprising. Do you think it's 
a product formulation issue? Let's say, the TFM content versus 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 35 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
some of the competition, is that what is the chief problem in 
your view? 
Rohit Jawa: 
No. We are quite certain it's not quality. In fact, quality is 
better. It is the few grammage short of the benchmark in INR10 
price points in 2 very specific price-sensitive regions, where we 
sell a lot. And that once corrected, we will see response in 
volumes. We already see some early shoots, but that is -- so 
when you narrow down the volume loss in the last 3, 4, 5 
months, it was primarily in that space. We are growing 
volumes in other parts, in the South. We are growing in 
modern trade. 
 
We are growing -- we are also now growing volume share in -- 
as a total, but this is basically the issue that we had to 
address, which we have done. But again, we will not be not 
taking it lightly. We are also strengthening quality more as a 
proactive measure because we do have some access to 
proprietary technologies that we bring in the market. And 
we're strengthening, of course, as I mentioned, the overall A&P 
investment, salience. And brand powers are picking up. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Got it. And just a follow-up, in terms of whatever corrective or 
preemptive measures that you have to take, is everything 
there in place right now? And it's just more about these hitting 
the markets and therefore, automatically things start to move 
or there are more interventions that you think you still need to 
take? 
Rohit Jawa: 
It's pretty much the former. We have been working on this and 
addressing this. We have a programmatic set of events. And 
you will see them. You already start to see some of them in the 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 36 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
market, innovations, our investment on liquids. But you will see 
them, the events flowing in the market programmatically 
through the period ahead. 
Vivek Maheshwari: And Rohit, second is a big-picture question. I don't know how 
much you can address this. But over the last few years, 
government has been very focused on capex buildup, 
investment side of things. A lot of investors have been asking 
this question that there are a lot of data points which are like -
- which have been very, very good. And there is probably one 
of the very few spaces where things have not been very good, 
is the consumption on -- particularly on the staple side. 
 
If the growth agenda of the government continues, the 
investment bit continues after June, what will it take for all of 
that to percolate down to the bottom and the consumption bit 
picking up? What needs to happen from that point of time? 
Because as it appears, it doesn't look like that this government 
is going to boost consumption on its own, which means that it 
will follow the investment bit. So how does it percolate down 
basically? 
Rohit Jawa: 
It's a difficult question to be precise about from my end. I can 
give you my -- our thesis, if that's acceptable. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Sure, please, would love to know that. 
Rohit Jawa: 
No. We do think that the -- because we are -- 60% sale is urban, 
about 40% is rural. And so far as urban is concerned, the 
growth has been resilient. And in the top end of the urban, it's 
been strong. And that is not changing. I believe that trend is 
somewhat secular. So I think when it comes to premium end 
and more upgradation, all of those things will continue. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 37 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
 
The GDP growth is driven a lot by government capex, but also -
- and that trickle down effect will take time. But if we -- if all of 
those jobs and livelihoods that get created, there is -- I mean 
that money should end up going back to the households more 
in the mass end, and that should democratize  consumption. 
And we should, in my view, start to see that. And how long it 
takes? I do not have the ability to forecast, but I think we do 
see gradual recovery in rural, and perhaps some of this could 
be that as well. 
 
As you know, rural has got 3 sources of income, the agri 
income, the income from repatriation, the income from labor. 
So the labor is going to get affected through the investments 
in capex. When it comes to repatriation from urban areas, 
that, I think so, post-COVID has been repairing that should 
start to click up. And then finally, on agri, is a lot more weather 
dependent. And all of us are hoping for a good monsoon. And 
if that does happen, then we should see that also coming. 
 
So there's a cyclical effect of consumption. I believe now that 
we've had some years a negative, perhaps the positive end of 
the cycle is coming in. But in all honesty, we -- I just want to 
close by saying that while all of us are discussing and 
speculating on this or perhaps making some good judgment, 
we at HUL are not waiting for the macro to shift one way or the 
other. We are going to do what we can do, which is we are 
focusing on transforming our business to go where the growth 
is, to go where the people are, go where the money is. 
 
So that is why you see very clearly laid out an agenda since 
September of pivoting our business to where the growth is 
because it's unevenly distributed. So we are investing in 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 38 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
innovation, market development, in shaping portfolio in high-
growth spaces, in channels of the future. We are deliberately 
going where the growth is, so that when macro does get 
better, it will also lift our boat. 
 
But we're not going to wait for that to happen. We'll start to 
focus on we are focusing on things that we believe we can 
impact. So that's why I just want to make the emphasis of this 
point that, that is the energy of the company, is to transform 
ourselves to be a business that is shaped for where the growth 
is, and is shaped for the new India, and that is going to be a 
source of outperformance as quarters go by. 
 
I hope that gives you some sense of really what we are trying 
to do inside the company while we wait for the macros to 
change. 
Vivek Maheshwari: Absolutely. Thank you and wishing you all the best. 
Management: 
Thanks, Vivek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy from IIFL. 
Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi everyone. Good evening. I have two questions. Firstly, on 
Horlicks. So I saw your slide on all the actions you have taken 
and you've grown penetration, market share, etcetera. 
However, the category growth is a little sort of subdued. 
Now in the past, you have said that there are inflation issues 
with milk, etcetera. But apart from that, don't you think there is 
an issue of perception, especially in the last few quarters or 
months, there has been a lot of noise on social media that 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 39 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
health food drinks are not actually very healthy and they have 
sugar content in them. So what are you doing in terms of 
correcting that perception issue is point one of that question. 
 
And point two of the first question is that packaged beverages 
is a very fast-growing sort of segment in India. We have seen 
multiple companies reporting good growth in this segment. I 
think it's sort of an inflection point or it's a lifestyle sort of 
change or whatever you might call it -- so don't you think that 
you can play the packaged beverages space through Horlicks 
launching RTD Horlicks, it used to be there. 
 
I think I don't know if you have discontinued or if it's still there, 
but like focusing much more on that part. Yes. So this is my first 
question, two parts to it, please? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Okay. Let me just -- so functional nutritional drinks -- function 
nutrition. I think the -- let's just the category serves an 
important community need of fulfilling the carbohydrate, 
protein and micronutrient deficiency of the average Indian, 
men and women, poor or rich. It's a pan-India opportunity, and 
therefore, this category has a real meaning in the lives of 
people that it improves their functional health and that's the 
purpose of this category. 
Secondly, it's underpenetrated, mainly in the South and East 
and somewhat lower and under 30%-odd and on the average 
20%-odd. So there's a huge opportunity for us to get this 
category to grow, and we have got great templates in 
Southeast Asia, for instance, where the category is much 
bigger. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 40 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
 
So what are we trying to do about that? One is to get more 
users, it’s a  check against that because our penetration 
continues to grow. Second is to build a strong premium end 
where we're seeing quite a good traction with the adult 
portfolio or the adult science portfolio where we see we 
already have under INR600 crores of business that is growing 
strong double digits and is more profitable. And we still have 
more share and more market growth to feed on and that part, 
whether it's serving diabetes, or women’s health, those sort of 
needs, those are being served or lite such drinks without sugar 
and so on and so forth. 
 
So that's a segment that's growing. We do need to do more in 
the area of relevance. And there, we believe we have found the 
right proposition in 'Taller, Stronger, Sharper'. And the moms in 
south and the east of India do swear by this product, and have 
seen this being used over generations. And if you can keep 
reminding them that this is good for their families, then they 
do use it as long as we speak to their language and they're 
using seasons like exams, monsoons, etcetera, to make sure 
the relevancy of this category stays high, and we are seeing 
very good traction. Our market shares are improving and were 
also stronger, not just in GT, but also in modern trade. 
 
So we will stay the course of reinforcing the relevance because 
obviously, if you don't remind consumers, then they do not 
know that this option exists for them to improve their 
functional health. When it comes to the issue of sugar, we 
have less than one teaspoon full of added sugar to these 
drinks. And in our adult portfolio, we have no added sugar. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 41 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
So in the kids portfolio, you do need a little bit to improve the 
palatability for the kids to like to drink it. And effectively, what 
we have done there is that we make sure that we fit, of course, 
not just the local regulations, but also the Unilever standards 
and our added sugar is less than teaspoon full for so one 
200ml cup we have less than one teaspoon full of added 
sugars. 
So our sugar levels are just adequate to create it, make the 
drink palatable. And we have reduced them by the way over 
years in the past, so we continue being on that journey. So that 
is really... 
Percy Panthaki: 
It has become more relevant in the past few months? Are you 
communicating on this platform is what my question was. On 
the lack -- I mean on the fact that the sugar is not a big issue? 
Rohit Jawa: 
No, the controversy or the discussion you're referring to 
perhaps is in the infant space, and we don't have infant -- we 
don't serve kids in that age bracket. Our portfolio starts with 
kids onwards. And there, we meet the nutritional standards 
and we are fully compliant. And I don't think there is any more 
work that we need to do proactively apart from making sure 
that formulations continue to sort of remain within the bounds 
of Unilever Nutrition Standards and we're well below that in so 
far sugar is concerned. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. And on the RTD part? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes, sorry, RTD, broadly speaking, on the food space, there is 
clearly our brand like Boost, Horlicks, Knorr, Kissan, Hellmann's 
that have a brand equity that can stretch more broadly. We 
are working on a strategy where we can make some choiceful 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 42 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
decisions around where we can invest. We have in the past 
tried a few things. And we found some of those have 
succeeded. We're scaling them. 
We have -- before also RTD, we have, for instance, already a 
scalable investable mix in Hellmann's mayo, we have an 
investable mix in Knorr Korean noodles, the peanut butter 
from Kissan, these are sort of things that we've tried and we've 
seen them working well and now they're scaling. 
 
Similarly, we have got a very small test on Boost RTD, but it's 
very early. We are just sort of dipping our toes to see how it 
does in the South. But we'll, in all full transparency, be more 
coherent around the food business, our packaged food and 
drink business in a few more months than we have made up 
our mind and where we actually feel we have the right to win, 
and how we would like to grow that business. So we are 
working on it. And like we did for Beauty today, we're very clear 
on the agenda there. We will come back to you once we have 
more clarity on the food side. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes. And my second question is on the beauty space. So we 
have seen over the past few years, many companies launching 
new brands like recently, we saw this news of Dermaco getting 
a INR500 crores ARR, it's about a three year-old brand or four 
year-old brand. So just wanted to know, in light of that, you 
have also taken some initiatives like Simple and Acnesquad, if 
you can give us some idea on what your experience has been 
over the last couple of years and these couple of brands, two 
or three brands that you have launched, what is the ARR or 
what kind of traction they are getting in the market? 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 43 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes. I think you have to look at the beauty business as a 
portfolio because it's not -- so let me just give you a couple of 
data points. So we have a business that’s well over INR12000-
odd crores in scale. We are number one in many categories, as 
we mentioned in the presentation. Already in the last couple of 
years, we've been focusing on multiyear bets. On six specific 
segments, these are a combination of demand space and 
formats like sun care, like facial cleansing, like weather 
resilient body lotions or things like masstige products such as 
Simple, Love Beauty & Planet, between this lot, we've already 
built a business of INR2,000 crores. 
 
And this is annually, the last year, financial year, and is 
growing quite fast. And to give you an example of that, it's 
growing at 50% in e-commerce. So just to give you the scale of 
-- and not all of this is new brands, it's also extensions of our 
brands like Ponds, Lakme. So our first port of call is to stretch 
our existing brands, and they, of course, cannot stretch all the 
way, but there is a limit. But we do find the first thing for us to 
do is to stretch those master brands, we've done that, revamp 
them. 
 
Then, of course, we are building specific equities that these 
brands cannot address like in facial cleansing, we do have a 
successful equity now with Simple. We think it's got a good 
future. And now we are going to -- we're working on scaling it. 
And Love Beauty & Planet is also showing traction. And both of 
these have got strong pull in e-commerce channels. Between 
the two, they are in about excess of INR100 crores ARR, but 
that's just a starting point. We will like to see them go much 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 44 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
bigger and we are working on investing in that sort of 
ambition.  
Yes, that's basically where we are. We, of course, have 
wellbeing brands like OZiva, where we have also crossed 
INR100 crores ARR well above that. So we are quietly building 
the specific brands, but please note we play the full portfolio 
of our existing strong equities and the new brands, not just the 
new brands at HUL. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
First question is on distributors. So regarding the change in 
distributor margin last quarter, can you tell us how it impacted 
your distributor payout in the current quarter? And did they 
make higher or lower margins in aggregate? 
Rohit Jawa: 
The margins have gone up and the service levels are going up. 
We will watch that more carefully in the top 100 cities that 
they've gone in and it's yielding the results we were looking for. 
It's a win-win, both for our distributor and the company. And 
now we'll watch it closely and that's where we are at this point 
and make sure that all people concerned, the customer, most 
importantly, in this case, the retailer, the distributor, and the 
company, all of us benefit by this extra investment that we're 
making in this space. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. And continuing on this, like you've heard from -- 
heard concerns from some distributors in smaller towns, there 
is some dumping happening, supplies coming from larger 
cities are cheaper compared to the price at which you might 
be providing to them. And like some of them also mentioned 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 45 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
like this impacted viability. Are you facing any such issues with 
retaining smaller city distributors? Any comments on this? 
Rohit Jawa: 
No, we are not. In fact, we watch both attrition and the ROI of 
our distributors programmatically. And our attrition levels 
have actually, if I remember correctly, I haven't -- I had looked 
at this figure a few weeks back. I'm not 100% exact number, but 
the trend was, in fact, improving this year. And we don't -- we 
haven't picked up anything that you anecdotally may have of 
any scale or pattern. So I don't know. I can't comment on it 
because it's -- the number or the indicators, ROI trending and 
its healthy levels, up or down, and the attrition levels are 
headed, in fact, in the right direction. We watch these numbers 
quite carefully. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. Okay. Second and last question is the proportion 
of business winning share seems to have moved after dipping 
for a few months. Which are the categories in which you have 
redeemed market share gains and which besides which are 
the categories in which the market share is still declining? 
Rohit Jawa: 
On the whole, we're doing much better on volume shares 
because that is what our focus was initially, and now pricing, 
therefore, we know where to sort of make it catch up. And as 
we said that if you look '21 to '23 end, we have held the 
massive share gains that we made during the inflation period 
which is not typical of other cycles we've had, where we've 
actually donated back the shares. In this case, we've held and 
we lost a little bit marginal share and 10, 20 basis points, but 
we're still holding pretty much by largely holding share. And 
where we had lost share, which is in mass end of detergent 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 46 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
bars, we have seen a recovery in volumes almost like a U-turn 
after we corrected in the market. 
 
And the second on mass skin cleansing, we had to go one 
more level because we had corrected prices. And we will see 
how that turns around in the next few quarters. But those are 
the two categories where we had to -- where we lost more 
material shares, but those are coming back. And then 
otherwise, it's a constant focus from our end to -- we look at 
this competitiveness is basically the only strong metric of 
success, because the rest of it -- this is what is in our hands. 
And the way we are now dealing with it is to basically go where 
the growth is and make sure that we're leaning on in fast 
growth areas and we grow faster there and not lose in the 
mass areas by just being absolutely sweet spot-on price and 
quality. 
Kunal Vora: 
And what's happening in the Oral Care market? 
Rohit Jawa: 
We are gaining market share. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Just one question. If you could share the channel salience for 
FY'24 across general trade model, brick and mortar and e-
commerce and is it possible for you to share any comments 
and thoughts on the fast growth of quick-commerce at least in 
large metro catchment areas. And furthermore, how should 
one think about these channel moves influencing margin 
profile of the company over midterm. I understand you end up 
selling higher premium mix in this channel, but somewhere 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 47 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
would driving share of these modern channels limit margin 
improvement capacity for the company? Thank you so much. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Thanks, Latika. I think I'll give it a shot and then if Ritesh, he 
wants to add. I think the -- so high-level salience and I'm giving 
you rounded numbers. We are about under 70% on general 
trade. We are under 20% or thereabouts on modern trade 
organized, modern trade retail, and we are around 6%, 7% on 
e-commerce. Clearly, e-commerce is growing the fastest, 
followed by modern trade then followed by general trade. And 
that's the high-level shape of the market as well. 
 
Quick commerce is increasing. It is about a quarter to a third of 
our e-commerce sales at the moment, but growing much 
faster. And we are gaining share in quick commerce and in e-
commerce. And that is really what's -- that's the relative 
position we have. And of course, we have to do more there 
because this channel is showing signs of continued growth. 
This is not one channel but subsegments like q-commerce, 
beauty commerce and marketplace are the three main 
platforms within the e-commerce segment, and they are also 
growing. All of them are growing, and we expect the e-
commerce growth to continue and it is sustained. That is the 
view on channel salience and trends. 
 
To your point about margins, at this stage, I think the 
structural point is that -- generally speaking, we do sell 
different portfolios in these channels. And therefore, what we 
must look at is basically the net operating margin based on 
the mix we sell in these channels, and that basically means 
more value dense portfolio in e-commerce, somewhat more 
stable portfolio in modern trade, which is actually not a new 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 48 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
channel and general trade basically more around access 
packs.  
And I think the only place we have to now watch this is in e-
commerce where, frankly, the industry is all focused-on growth 
right now. And we haven't quite settled to any equilibrium, 
where we can have a very informed discussion on margins. 
And right now, everybody is trying to do is to basically grow. 
And I think we are generally growing very high margin 
portfolio in quick commerce, beauty commerce and in 
marketplace. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just two quick questions. On Slide 12, you have given 6 Ps and 
what efforts we have taken on Horlicks and especially on HFD. 
I've been seeing the last three years, we have been doing a lot 
of sampling and home to home. Do you think this category 
turn will happen, and this is very slow turn and maybe another 
two years, we will have to continue these efforts? Or do you 
think the efforts what we have done and will start showing the 
numbers and the volume growth in second half? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Our indicators are brand power, market share, penetration, 
our profitability, all strong. We have two brands, Horlicks and 
Boost. And the future of this category may not just be the core, 
it might be a lot more to do with functional science and what 
we can do with the adult space, and that's our focus right now. 
That's about 10%, 15%-odd percent of the portfolio growing 
quite fast. And we haven't even looked at the white spaces. So 
there are many levers of growth for this business. The first what 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 49 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
we have do is to just do the basics and make sure that we stay 
focused on 'Taller, Stronger, Sharper' and make sure the core 
becomes robust. 
 
And I think on Boost, is already responsive even before this 
conversation we are having today, but for some years now. 
And Horlicks is now strong, stable. And if you walk the stores 
in, South, you'll start to see the power of this category in 
modern trade, for instance. And the single minded clarity with 
which we are now category managing this with our modern 
trade customers with Boost and Horlicks. So these are two 
pillar categories. We just have to stay the course and do the 
right things with more users, more usage and more benefits. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I got that. The reason I'm asking is the time 5 years we've been 
tracking this, the recovery will happen. So I'm more curious 
that we have done this door-to-door sampling. What kind of 
sampling till date would have done? Or maybe suffice to say if 
the pace can say that how much promotions and ad spends or 
activities we have done over the last 5 years since the time of 
acquisition? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So, Shirish, around 40 million to 50 million is what we did, as 
you remember, we have shared the number as well of home-
to-home. And the way we had tracked, I had mentioned to you 
that we did not go and give products for free. We do have a 
learning that when you give these products for free, people 
don't end up using it. So you end up giving them at a discount, 
then that encourages them to start consuming it. The outcome 
that we were seeking from this entire job of home-to-home 
was improving penetration. And to Rohit's point, we have seen 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 50 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
penetration build up year after year for the last 3.5 years as we 
have owned the business in 4 years coming to it, number one. 
 
Number two, consumption, remember, we had mentioned, is 
linked to not only what we end up doing in terms of building 
penetration, but overall macro, it was COVID first and high 
inflation and food inflation -- so the a, macro and of course, B, 
very clearly the overall benefits that we end up selling as part 
of the portfolio. The good news is on a macro front, food 
commodities have started now to taper out, milk inflation, 
which was very high inflation, fresh milk, which has also come 
down sequentially and we are seeing benefit coming in. This 
quarter, we grew at high single digit. The point I was making 
earlier. We got the sales was due in both the volume and some 
amount of price that we have taken. So we are seeing results 
which are encouraging -- and within that, of course, the key 
job for us was to keep building a plus range, which is more 
premium part of the portfolio. So our investments have gone 
into product in terms of making the packs more accessible, 
which is bringing down the average price point pack -- that is 
in it penetration. Investments went in terms of building more 
salience of the brand and which is why we have started to see 
market share improving. And of course, investments have 
gone into developing portfolio into more broader wider 
species. And there is where we have also seen incremental 
growth coming in. 
 
So all the three investments are paying off. And of course, the 
job continues -- these categories are multiyear jobs to do in 
terms of building penetration, consumption. And where they 
are today roughly 30% odd, there's a big runway for growth for 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 51 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
us to keep building penetration and consumption, and we will 
be at it. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Thank you Ritesh. My second question is on Beauty and 
Personal Care. Quickly, you have given the split between 
beauty and wellbeing, which has grown 4%, and Personal Care 
has declined 10%. I was more curious if I compare on a Y-o-Y 
basis, what kind of mix towards premium would have 
happened in Personal Care and Beauty and Well-being? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So we did articulate Shirish earlier that when you look at within 
beauty and wellbeing to start with, the way the premium 
portfolio has grown much stronger at double digit and it's the 
mass portfolio, which has seen more impact on the demand 
coming in. Rohit did call out that the issue in Personal care was 
more at the mass end of the business, not the premium end of 
the business. So overall, between the two, Beauty and 
Wellbeing is more on an average, more profitable business 
that we have compared to Personal Care. And of course, within 
the Beauty and Wellbeing there are different price points at 
which we end up doing the business. I hope that helps for you 
to get some amount of understanding. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Yes. The reason why I was asking that if the mix is towards 
premium, we will be able to defend the margin in these two 
segments? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
See, overall Beauty and Wellbeing the point we're making that 
this is where the growth are at the premium end, and this is 
where also we are investing and Beauty and Well-being a) is 
above average margin business for Hindustan Unilever. So the 
moment to start driving growth in spite of investing and in 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 52 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
spite of probably taking some margin down in beauty and 
wellbeing, it will be overall mix accretive to Hindustan Unilever. 
And which is the point we mentioned that our job will be to 
ensure that the Beauty and Wellbeing we end up driving 
growth ahead of overall average of Hindustan Unilever. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And just last, quickly, if you can touch on Unilever's 
existing ice cream business. So any thoughts here in India, 
what is our strategy or what -- if there is an outcome, which is 
visible? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So you've seen the announcement by Unilever. The idea is 
to separate the business given the business model, and they 
will end up doing this entire job by second half of next year, 
calendar next year, 2025. The Board of HUL and working with 
the management of Unilever, we will work through the 
implications and the actions we will end up taking in India 
pertaining to that. At this stage, we are in peak season of ice 
cream. Our job is to put our head down and do a good job in 
terms of executing in the marketplace. And as and when we 
come to any conclusion, we will, of course, come and share 
with all of you. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
All right, thank you and all the best. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you, Shirish 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jitendra Arora 
from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Jitendra Arora: 
Thank you. Actually my question has been answered. It was 
about the ice-cream separation. 

 
 
March Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 53 of 53 
 
Sensitivity: Public
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Hi Jitendra. So yes, we have covered the ice cream question 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
We'll take that as a last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. A. Ravishankar for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Yashashri. With that, we come to the end of the 
session. If there are any further questions, feel free to reach 
out to any of us at IR team. Playback of this event will be 
available on our website in a short while. Before we conclude, 
I'd like to take a moment to extend a warm welcome to Shilpa, 
who takes over as Controller and Head of Investor Relations 
and also take a moment to thank all of you for the wonderful 
engagement over the past 3 years that I was in the role. Thank 
you again and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical 
inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred 
inadvertently while speaking. 
 
