 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Investor/ Analyst Conference Call to discuss the  
financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 
1. 
Further to our communication with respect to the conference call to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024, please find attached 
herewith the transcript of the said conference call conducted on Friday, May 31, 2024 at 04:00 
P.M. 
 
2. 
The above is for your information and record please. 
 
 
For Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
SEC/48/2017-63 
June 07, 2024 
 
 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager 
Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code/Symbol: 540678/COCHINSHIP 
Digitally signed 
by Syamkamal N 
Date: 2024.06.07 
18:27:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Cochin Shipyard Limited 
Q4 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 31, 2024 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MADHU S NAIR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – COCHIN SHIPYARD LIMITED 
MR. JOSE V J – DIRECTOR FINANCE – COCHIN 
SHIPYARD LIMITED 
MR. NEELAKANDHAN A N – CHIEF GENERAL 
MANAGER, PLANNING & PROJECT MANAGEMENT – 
COCHIN SHIPYARD LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH GOPALAKRISHNAN – CHIEF GENERAL 
MANAGER, SHIP REPAIR – COCHIN SHIPYARD 
LIMITED 
MR. HARIKRISHNAN S – CHIEF GENERAL MANAGER, 
SHIPBUILDING – COCHIN SHIPYARD LIMITED 
MR. SHIBU JOHN – GENERAL MANAGER, FINANCE – 
COCHIN SHIPYARD LIMITED 
MR. SYAMKAMAL N – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
COCHIN SHIPYARD LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. CHANDNI CHANDE – KIRIN ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Cochin Shipyard Limited Q4 and FY '24 
Conference Call hosted by Kirin Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listened only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
has been recorded. 
Ladies and gentlemen, the call duration is for one hour. I now hand the conference over to Ms. 
Chandni Chande from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Chandni Chande: 
Thank you. On the behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to the conference call of Cochin 
Shipyard Limited. From management team, we have Shri Madhu S Nair, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Shri Jose V J, Director of Finance; Shri Neelakandhan A. N., Chief General 
Manager, Planning & Project Management, Shri Rajesh Gopalakrishnan, Chief General 
Manager, Ship Repair; Shri Harikrishnan S., Chief General Manager, Shipbuilding; Shri Shibu 
John, General Manager, Finance; Shri Syamkamal N., Company Secretary. Now I hand over the 
call to Shri Madhu S Nair. Over to you.  
Madhu S Nair: 
Thank you. Good evening and a warm welcome to the conference call of Cochin Shipyard 
Limited. As has been briefly mentioned, I'm Madhu S Nair, Chairman and Managing Director 
of Cochin Shipyard Limited; and the senior officials whose names have just been introduced are 
with me. As the CMD of Cochin Shipyard Limited, I'm proud to present the outstanding 
performance of the company for the last financial year. Let me begin by highlighting some of 
our significant achievements during Q4 2024 till date. 
 
On the new orders, from January 2024 till date, we are happy to announce the signing of the 
contract with a prominent European client for the design and construction of Hybrid Service 
Operation Vessel, Hybrid SOV, which is slated for delivery in the year 2026. Subsequently, CSL 
has secured another contract from the same client for the design and construction of a Hybrid 
SOV with an additional option for 2 more such vessels expected to be completed by end of 2026. 
Both these contracts put together is in the range of INR1,000 crores to INR1,200 crores. 
 
Furthermore, our wholly-owned subsidiary, UCSL, has secured an order for a 70-ton Bollard 
Pull Tug for Polestar Maritime Limited and another order for 3 numbers of 70-ton Bollard Pull 
Tug for Ocean Sparkle Limited. Other wholly-owned subsidiary, Hooghly Cochin Shipyard 
Limited, HCSL, has secured an order for the construction of 2 numbers of 40-ton Bollard Pull 
ASD Tugs for Industrial Handling Private Limited. All these orders aggregate to around INR250 
crores to INR300 crores. 
 
On the ship repair front, CSL has entered into a contract with the Indian Navy for undertaking 
medium refits of two Indian naval vessels, the value of which comes to around INR150 crores. 
Additionally, CSL has signed the Master Ship Repair Agreement, MSRA, with the United States 
Navy, which will facilitate the repair of U.S. naval vessels under the Military Sealift Command 
in our shipyards. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
We are honoured to have the Honourable Prime Minister of India flag off India's first 
indigenously-built Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vessel, a remarkable achievement that underscores our 
commitment to sustainable maritime solutions. 
 
We have also delivered two state-of-the-art Hybrid Electric Catamaran Hull Vessels for the 
Kochi Metro Rail Limited under the Kochi Water Metro Project. Our subsidiary, UCSL, has 
also delivered a vessel named Ocean Splendour, a 62-ton Bollard Pull Tug built for Ocean 
Sparkle Limited and a 70-ton Bollard Pull Tug named Konna Star, for Polestar Maritime 
Limited. 
 
Turning our attention to other major events, the Honourable Prime Minister dedicated the 
International Ship Repair Facility, ISRF and the world's first stepped dry-dock to the nation on 
January 17, 2024, marking a significant milestone in the augmentation of India's maritime 
capability. These projects are significant for the company as it's the highest capex, around 
INR2,769 crores, ever made by CSL in its long journey of over 50 years. 
 
The civil work for the new dry-dock project, including the dock floor, caisson gate, pump house 
and substations, etcetera, has been fully completed and the installation and commissioning of 
the 600-ton gantry crane are currently in progress and the new dry dock is expected to be fully 
in operation by August 2024. 
 
The ship lift system, 2 workstations and afloat repair berth of ISRF project at Willingdon Island 
is operational and it is expected that ISRF will be fully operational after the completion of certain 
allied work by August 2024. We have also successfully carried out the maiden surface run of 
the High Endurance Autonomous Underwater Vehicle, HEAUV, at our ISRF facility in Kochi, 
meeting all the required parameters. 
 
CSL has also been awarded the prestigious Kerala Industrial Safety Award 2023 under the 
category of Very Large Factories in Engineering instituted by the government of Kerala, 
reaffirming our commitment to excellence in safety standards. 
 
Turning my attention to the financial performance of the company. I'm pleased to report that 
Cochin Shipyard has registered its all-time high turnover in the financial year '23-'24, surpassing 
the previous high achieved in the financial year 2019-'20. 
 
On a consolidated basis, the turnover in 2023-'24 stands at INR3,830.45 crores compared to 
INR2,364.55 crores in '22-'23, representing an increase of 62 percentage. Furthermore, our profit 
before tax in '23-'24 has reached INR1,070.94 crores, 156 percentage increase from the 
INR418.44 crores recorded in '22-'23. Our profit after tax in '23-'24 is INR783.28 crores, 157 
percentage increase from the figure of INR304.71 crores in the previous year. 
 
It is also worth mentioning that the company's ship repair turnover has crossed INR1,000 crores 
and the net worth of the company has clocked INR5,000 crore mark for the first time in the 
history of CSL. For the financial year '23-'24, CSL derived 72 percentage of its total operating 
income from shipbuilding activities and the remaining 28 percentage came from ship repair 
operations. Within the shipbuilding segment, 46 percentage of the revenue was generated from 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
the work on the Indigenous Aircraft Carrier and the remaining 54 percentage work from other 
shipbuilding projects. 
 
The ship repair units, apart from the main unit in Kochi, performed well during the year. 
CMSRU, CSL's Mumbai Ship Repair Unit, registered a revenue of over INR150 crores; and 
CANSRU, CSL's Andaman & Nicobar Ship Repair Unit, achieved a turnover of about INR100 
crores. The other ship repair unit, CKSRU, also demonstrated reasonable performance. 
 
Regarding the subsidiary companies, Udupi Cochin Shipyard Limited, UCSL, which CSL had 
acquired through the IBC process, has turned around completely. It's recorded a total revenue of 
INR186 crores, a PBT of INR3 crores and a PAT of INR1 crore during the financial year 
compared to a loss of INR9 crores in the previous year. The order book position of UCSL stands 
at approximately of INR800 crores as on date. The other subsidiary, Hooghly Cochin Shipyard 
Limited, HCSL, has started securing new orders, with a total order value of approximately 
INR150 crores as on the reporting period. The company is optimistic about achieving a good 
execution rate in the upcoming financial year for HCSL. 
 
In recognition of our financial performance, the Board has recommended a final dividend of 
INR2.25 per share, aggregating to INR59.19 crores. Coupled with the interim dividends paid 
during the year, the total dividend for the financial year '23-'24 amounts to INR256.50 crores, 
which is 32 percentage of the profit after tax. 
 
Furthermore, I would like to remind that the company has redeemed its tax free bonds amounting 
to INR100 crores in December 2023 and as of now, the company is practically debt-free, with 
only INR23 crores as long-term debt. Also, the company in January 2024, completed the split 
of equity shares in the ratio of 1:2, that is one equity share of face value of INR10 each was split 
into 2 equity shares of face value of INR5 each. 
 
Turning our attention to the status of vessels under construction. We have made significant 
progress across various shipbuilding projects. On the anti-submarine warfare shallow water craft 
corvette, ASW-SWC, we have a total of 8 vessels under contract, with 3 vessels launched in 
November 2023 and the machinery outfitting of these vessels are underway. The keel has been 
laid for a further 2 vessels, that is number 4 and 5 in the series, in December 2023 and the hull 
block erection is progressing steadily. The remaining 3 vessels, vessel number 6, 7, & 8 are in 
advanced stages of fabrication. 
 
With regards to the Hybrid Electric Catamaran Hull Vessels for Kochi Metro Rail Limited, under 
the Kochi Water Metro project, we have a total of 23 vessels under contract, of which 14 vessels 
have been delivered and the remaining 9 vessels are under various stages of construction. For 
the 7,000 deadweight Multi-Purpose Vessel project for European clients, we have a total of 8 
vessels under contract and block erection and outfitting are underway for 2 vessels, while the 
keel has been laid for other vessels, which are in various stages of construction. Additionally, 
we have 2 Commissioning Service Operation Vessel, CSOV and 1 number of 12,000 cubic meter 
Trailer Suction Hopper Dredger, all of which are under block fabrication stage. Notably, the 
Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vessel, we have completed its trial and that sailed off from CSL to Varanasi 
on 18th May 2024. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
As we look towards the future, I'm pleased to inform you that our current order book position is 
healthy, with approximately INR22,000 crores of unexecuted orders, including the ship repair 
orders, which typically amounts to a little bit of higher level than earlier times at about INR1,200 
crores at this given point of time. 
 
These achievements are the result of hard work, dedication and innovative spirit of our entire 
CSL team, right from the senior management to the worker level. I'm confident that with the 
continued support of all stakeholders, we will maintain this momentum and drive sustainable 
growth that will create value for our shareholders. 
 
For the financial year 2024-'25, we would like to guide with a target of 20 to 25 percentage 
increase in the top line. Our PAT level will have to be tempered due to the higher depreciation 
cost from the commissioning of the ISRF and the new dry dock project. We expect to sustain 
the EBITDA at the level which we have previously guided. 
Thank you for your patient hearing and now we would be happy to take any questions. Thank 
you, Jai Hind. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
I just wanted to understand, you said the EBITDA margin previously guided, so in the range of 
18% to 19% on a consolidated. Is that understanding correct? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Can you just repeat that last part of the question? You were talking about the EBITDA margins? 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Yes, sir. You said EBITDA margins will be in the range of previous guidance. So does that 
imply more closer to the 18% to 19% on an annual basis EBITDA margin guidance? 
Madhu S Nair: 
That's right. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. And maybe just a follow-up on that. Factors that drove such high EBITDA margin this 
quarter. Is it largely due to the INR400-odd crore ship repair contract that we have that continues 
till Q1 FY '25 and the IAC-1 sitting in our book? Are those two factors having margins ahead in 
this particular quarter? Or was there any one-off factor? 
Madhu S Nair: 
It's not one-off. It's the large things, as you rightly said. We had good projects and project 
execution, both on the ship repair side, aided by the aircraft carrier in the dock and the IAC 
revenue is also coming in. So there has been good traction, both on the execution side, ship 
repair and shipbuilding. So it's not largely one-off. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure. And maybe just a follow-up question. The agreement that we have, the MSRA, when do 
we kind of see any orders coming through? Or is it just like a prequalification? And how does 
things really progress from the signing of the MoU? 
Madhu S Nair: 
It is a formal agreement and we are expecting inquiries and offers will be submitted. It will have 
to be taken through. But as a company, we'll push for earlier starts on this. I'm not able to give 
time lines on this, but it's a full agreement and we'll have to get into execution at the earliest. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure. But is there like a guaranteed volume or anything that you can kind of comment on? 
Madhu S Nair: 
No guaranteed volumes. But the company has been evaluated thoroughly and the final 
inspections were in Jan by a 17-member team spread over 3 days and the feedback has been 
excellent. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just one follow-up. If you could indicate the order backlog within sections, defense - 
you've given the overall number of INR22,000 crores, but within defense, commercial, 
commercial exports. 
Madhu S Nair: 
It will be uploaded immediately after this call. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Okay, maybe I will just come back on the questions after a while. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Raut: 
Good evening and Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is 
pertaining to future prospect pipeline on the ordering side, both on shipbuilding and ship 
repairing. Could you please highlight key projects which you are expecting in next couple of 
years? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Ship repair, Rajesh, can you just throw light on the ship repair part in brief? 
Rajesh Gopalakrishnan: 
Yes. Ship repair, as was mentioned briefly, typically, ship repair, we don't maintain a long term 
order book because inquiries keep coming and we quote and take orders. But this particular year 
is slightly different because we already have secured firm orders for almost for the full year and 
most of them are mainly from the Navy, a couple of large weapon platform refit projects and of 
course, one major conversion project from the Navy. 
 
Along with that, there are also MoU projects which we are handling for the Lakshadweep 
Administration. These are all almost assured projects. So from that sense, the order book for this 
particular year for ship repair looks quite well settled and final figures will actually be revealed 
when we complete the negotiations especially on the naval projects. 
Madhu S Nair: 
On the shipbuilding side, you're talking about further order inflow. You'll have to wait a little 
bit to see on the defense side. And on the international side, as was briefly mentioned, we have 
secured this recent two contracts for the Hybrid SOVs. And I won't be able to give you much 
more information, but I can tell you that there is good traction we are seeing on similar vessels 
from Europe and we expect to sign more contracts. Naturally, with a caveat that's ‘all going 
well’. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. A follow-up on shipbuilding prospects. So basically, there is a next corvette order which 
is in the pipeline. And what we are hearing, there are about 4 shipyards which are now shortlisted 
by MoD to participate into the tender. So just wanted to clarify whether Cochin Shipyard has 
qualified in that particular order or not. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Madhu S Nair: 
I wouldn't want to comment on that specific information because it's not a formal communication 
kind of a thing. So we would not want to comment on matters which would be the prerogative 
of the Indian Navy. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Got it, sir. My follow-up on repairing side is more of on the utilization of new facilities, 
which got commenced recently. How you are planning to kind of ramp up revenue from that 
particular facility? 
 
And maybe in the medium to longer term, maybe 3 to 5 years down the line, what kind of 
repairing top line you are seeing? And along with that, maybe what kind of margins you are kind 
of seeing more of sustainability to maintain on the repairing side? 
Madhu S Nair: 
See, the facility for ship repair, ISRF has been commissioned, as I briefly mentioned. We expect 
this to be put into operations from August '24 onwards. We are coming up shortly with a global 
tender for a global operating partner, which will be out in the open shortly. And over the next 
few years, we expect significant revenues to come in, but I wouldn't want to put figures on to 
this, we have our internal projections and we have a plan of action. But it probably would not be 
proper to put this across in the open at this stage. But number of vessels, there will be, because 
as we already said, the facility is to cater to 82 vessels in a year of size less than 130-meter in 
length. So you were wanting a guidance in 3 years to 5 years' time, but I can say for sure that in 
3 years to 5 years, it will actually touch that kind of numbers on the ship repairs. We would not 
want to put money values into it at this stage. 
Umesh Raut: 
And sir, on the margin side, is it fair to say that 25% to 30% is more of a sustainable EBIT 
margin range for ship repairing business? 
Madhu S Nair: 
My Director Finance would like to guide you to 22 to 23 percentage. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. So sir, that is more of at the company level, right, at a blended shipbuilding plus ship 
repairing level, right? I was asking more of from the repairing point of view only. 
Jose V J: 
It would not be prudent to take Q4 performance or this FY23-24 performance be taken as the 
guidance, because in FY24, since there a better execution, the EBITDA level is higher. But going 
forward, the blended level, you can expect around the 17% - 19%. 
Madhu S Nair: 
We always say 17% to 19% for the blended level. We would like to be conservative, but we 
would like to say 17% to 19%. Ship repair, we would like to say 22 to 23 percentage. Probably, 
you can take a little bit of your views, but we would like to convey these levels on a prudent 
basis. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it. Fair enough, Sir, you have mentioned in your opening remarks that depreciation costs 
from '24 onwards will go up significantly. Is it fair to assume that new capacity will have a 
depreciation rate of closer to, say, 6% and maybe additional cost of about INR50-odd crores 
incrementally on a base of '24? 
Jose V J: 
Both capacities put together is around INR2,800 crores. So the additional depreciation will be 
around INR125 crores to INR150 crores, not exact. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. But would that be applicable from FY '25 onwards? Or that will come up in phases? 
Jose V J: 
We are planning to fully commission that project by August '24. So around 8 months, it will be 
there. The depreciation will be there for almost 8 months of the financial year. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it, sir. My last question is more of on the balance sheet side, where if I look at inventory 
position for FY '24, that has increased by about 40 days. If I look at on an average in the last few 
years, we were maintaining closer to about 45, 50 days, but for '24, it was closer to 100 days. So 
was there any particular reason behind this? 
Jose V J: 
Now both ASW and NGMV, projects are coming to the production stage. So a lot of materials 
have started reaching CSL. So the inventory has gone up this year and high value equipments 
also. For NGMV project, the material component is quite high. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Got it. And similarly, advances from customers, that has also seen marginal drop as 
compared to FY '23 and FY '24. So would that continue, assuming that our execution from ASW 
Shallow Water Craft and NGMV will go up only from current level? 
Jose V J: 
Yes, it is likely to come down. The advance of customers was mainly from the NGMV project, 
but now since the execution started, the advance will come down. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. Got it sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pritam from Wealth Way. Please go ahead.  
Pritam: 
My question is regarding decarbonization and the opportunity for Cochin Shipyard in green 
vessels. So how big is the opportunity for the hybrid vessels, zero emission vessels, both large 
and the medium-sized as well as the green tugs, patrolling boats, etcetera? 
 
We saw some orders coming along on those fronts and also how we are technologically advanced 
when we will have to compete against a few of those Japanese or Korean companies also perhaps 
with the European policy that is coming up by 2027-'28 that they are probably levying penalties 
for the diesel petrol boats and more efforts towards green? 
Madhu S Nair: 
On the green vessels, from an international point of view, CSL had has got a generally good 
footing in the European market and we expect orders to come in from that segment. Many of the 
companies are looking at options and would like to talk to Cochin Shipyard. We are expecting 
orders from that side. So we have set in motion. I don't want to use the word firmly entrenched, 
but we are almost there in the international functional vessel part. Specialized vessels like wind 
construction vessels and other specialised vessels, we are generally good. 
 
Coming to the Indian market, you were alluding to the green tug policies and other things. And 
we again feel there would be a good opportunity for CSL and for other shipyards also. But we 
have been working on this for quite some time. We are expecting at least 8 to 10 vessels being 
ordered over the next year or so by the major ports through private entities and of course we 
expect to be very much actively parked in those process. I'm not in a position to say exactly what 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
we will get, but both international green vessels on the functional vessels side and Indian vessels 
on the green tug side, we are good. 
 
The other thing on the green vessel side, green ferries and other things, what we are talking, it 
will not translate into too much of business at this stage, but we would be frontrunner in all those 
aspects. You also asked a question on the technology and competition. We are good on that. We 
are good from a competitive point of view and we have our methods to do appropriate 
partnerships and collaborations. So that is not a great worry at this stage. I presume this gives 
you an overall feel of this space. 
Pritam: 
And regarding Kochi Water Metro station, do you see replicas of those coming in other areas of 
India? Are there any inquiries or potential sales could be coming? 
Madhu S Nair: 
It is not exactly the same, but definitely, there is. I can confirm that the Bengal government is 
talking projects. We are actively involved there. There are others also. So we are also waiting 
for the outcome. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Vivek from Shanti Financial. Please go ahead. 
Vivek: 
Congratulations. The entire shipyard sector itself catching the fancy of the market and Cochin is 
probably the pioneer for everything to do within defense. I'd like to understand, broadly, you 
mentioned that you have an order book of some sort, but then there are so many other projects 
in the pipeline. So I guess to understand the breakup of - what are orders on hand? You 
mentioned around only INR1,200 crores. What is the size of the volume of such mix? What's 
the size of the revenue that is part of your pipeline? 
 
And I'd also like to understand if there's going to be a call transcript that's going to be posted on 
your website or any of the normal financial websites for us to take stock of the numbers that you 
mentioned, because there are many projects and many different numbers that have been 
discussed? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Regarding the order book and the order possibilities, I would request you to kindly wait till end 
of this call and immediately thereafter, we are uploading a presentation in which there are 2 
slides giving a fair bit of information on the order position. But the overall for a figure, 
INR22,000 crores from both shipbuilding and shiprepair out of which about INR15,000 crores 
is the defense part and the balance is the non-defense part. 
 
The ship repair component of order book is about INR1,250 crores, which normally, if you have 
been following us earlier, we always used to guide about the order book of INR600 crores, 
INR700 crores. So ship repair order book is also at much better level right now. But you will get 
more information when we upload this after this call. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Finance. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Congratulations, sir, on the good set of numbers. My question is regarding the guidance. You 
gave a growth of 25% and EBITDA of 19% to 20% EBITDA margin. So the PAT should be in 
the range of 12% to 14%, is that correct to think, number one? 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
Number two, what are the factors making you - giving you some confidence that the growth will 
be double digit, maybe 20%, 25% on the revenue growth? That's my question number two. 
 
My other question is on the ship repair sir, like with U.S. the strong connection plus Europe, 
what kind which will give you more colour in terms of growth in the ship repair business for a 
bit of time. Just your sense. I'm not asking for a guidance, but just your sense for a period of 
time to understand? Thank you sir. That's it from side. 
Madhu S Nair: 
On the growth guidance, 20 percentage to 25 percentage on the overall turnover in FY25. You 
are aware that shipbuilding and ship repair for the year, we talk based on contracts in hand and 
our current execution status and the confidence is based on that. So that's the top line growth on 
both shipbuilding, ship repair together. 
 
Your next question was on ship repair, connected with the MSRA with the U.S. Navy. Currently, 
financial figures from MSRA has not been factored in. Our ship repair story, what we have 
conveyed is based on what we are currently in and what we are seeing our potential to see over 
the next 12 to 18 to 24 months. 
 
We will not be able to record it, but we are also tracking continuously in the market what kind 
of orders in the ship repair space will come, both from defense and from our friends in the 
commercial space. So it is based on that. 
 
Specifically on the U.S. MSRA, see, all I can say is it's a very significant step for Cochin 
Shipyard. Because the U.S. vessels, both the - what we call the MSC sealift vessels and the 
combatant vessels, there are a lot of challenges and a lot of requirements, but Cochin Shipyard 
has been cleared after a long and detailed assessment. The entire team have been happy with our 
performance and what we have done. 
 
But we are waiting for the first order and probably the second order to come in and to exactly 
convey to people like you how exactly it is going. But all in all, if I may use the word, it is a 
very positive step for Cochin Shipyard. I would not want to add figures on it. 
Viraj: 
Sir, my follow-up on this would be that as the aircraft carrier comes, this will be additional to 
all the guidance, right? My thinking is correct in this direction? 
Madhu S Nair: 
That is correct. 
Viraj: 
Thank you Sir and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sagar Gandhi from Invesco Mutual Fund. Please go ahead 
Sagar Gandhi: 
My question is related to IAC-2. So I'm not asking you whether it will come or not, but if it has 
to come, will it be '26 or '27? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Sagar Gandhi, your guess should be as good as mine and there would be - if at all I have better 
information, I will not be able to share it also here. That's all. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is considering that next 2 years are likely to be very heavy in 
terms of delivery or revenue bookings, so in absence of IAC-2 will FY '25 or '26 still see peak 
revenue? 
Madhu S Nair: 
We don't want to consider it that way. Because with IAC-2, there is a plan of action. Without 
IAC-2, if at all such a scenario happens, I think we should still have a plan of action, both on our 
defense and non-defense side. Defense also, there are projects coming in. We will be there 
strongly. Non-defense and the export side, as we have just explained in interactions earlier, we 
feel things are good. 
 
So we don't want to talk about peak revenue as a company. We want to continually grow both 
top line with a steady-state margin levels. So IAC-2 coming in definitely would be great and 
welcome, but in case, because it's not under our control and there are lot of other reasons how it 
will move forward, but we would nevertheless confidently talk growth at least for the next 5, 6 
years as of today. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Okay. And sir, when is our new shipbuilding facility getting commissioned? Ship repair you 
said August 2024? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Shipbuilding, also August '24. It is actually that the crane is getting installed, we probably are 
putting a picture after this call. So, the crane is halfway through. So the crane gets commissioned 
and a little bit of work. So August this year, we expect to start shipbuilding work in the new 
facility. 
Sagar Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dhiraj from Samvad Financial Services LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhiraj: 
My one request, which you have already said that we will be putting the presentation, but it 
would have been better had the presentation being circulated in advance. That would help reduce 
and improve the understanding for all of us. So just a request, in future, whenever you do con 
call, please pre-circulate presentation in advance. 
Madhu S Nair: 
We will do that. That's a positive suggestion and we'll do that for sure. 
Dhiraj: 
And second part, while we do kind of path breaking work, but at least there is no update about 
what kind of R&D, whether do we have an R&D laboratory or research lab or IP kind of things, 
patents, etcetera. 
 
Can you share some insights and share whatever you can disclose on those parts? Are we 
protecting our IP, because we are doing so much good amount of work. Any thoughts of 
management? And if you can disclose what exactly your effort on that side? 
Madhu S Nair: 
You're bringing out a very, very important point. See, Cochin Shipyard, due to historical reasons, 
we have been a shipbuilder and ship repair and it's not been too much of an R&D and IP kind of 
thought process. But over the last many years, the kind of knowledge that is coming up in the 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
company that is why by 2021, we set up a new division called the CSL Strategic & Advanced 
Solutions (C-SAS). 
 
And I can tell you, we have set it up as a new division. Our divisions are shipbuilding and ship 
repair, the business division, so we did not call this new C-SAS as a group, we actually call it as 
a division, wanting to convey to ourselves and to the external stakeholders that this is actually 
potential growth area for us. 
 
And within the new C-SAS is where we are doing this innovative work, including the hydrogen 
fuel cell vessel and various other things which we have conveyed. Currently, we have 
commenced works on a fully indigenous autonomous surface vessel and it is a 24-month project. 
We are already about 6, 7 months into the project. 
 
And we are teaming up with the DRDO, IITs and at least 7 startups. Similarly, there are other 
work also being undertaken. Regarding IP and protecting the knowledge, yes, there are certain 
aspects and certain things which we are doing. But a little bit beyond the IP, we are recording, 
we are documenting and we are holding on to the knowledge spot much better and C-SAS will 
be our vehicle to take this forward. 
Dhiraj: 
Thanks a lot for updating and performing so well. Just one more suggestion. In the annual report 
for FY '24, if you can give some, whatever you can disclose about your research and IP, that 
would be appreciated. Anyway you are supposed to disclose the answer. Just a humble 
suggestion. 
Madhu S Nair: 
And whatever that's possible we can do, we'll absolutely do. 
Dhiraj: 
Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Gagan from ASK Investments. Please go ahead. 
Gagan: 
The first question is on this very significant addition to gross block of almost INR2,800 crores. 
What could be the peak fixed asset turn one could expect on this? 
Jose V J: 
Kindly repeat that questioin please? 
Gagan: 
I'm saying that your current gross block is probably closer to INR1,300 crores, on which you are 
doing a sales turnover of INR3,400 crores or more. On this new gross block addition that you're 
doing, this new capex of INR2,800 crores, which will get added to the gross block? What could 
be the potential fixed asset turnover on that? What could be the peak fixed asset turnover on 
that? 
Jose V J: 
It will be around, I don't have the exact numbers right now. It will be around 2, once the operation 
in both new facilities get stabilised. 
Gagan: 
Okay. So I mean, when these capacities are fully utilized, you are saying essentially INR5,500 
crores, INR5,600 crores contribution to sales can come from them eventually when they are fully 
utilized. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Madhu S Nair: 
I think it's safe to assume that way. 
Gagan: 
And would it be possible for you to elucidate in a little more detail your pipeline on the 
commercial side pertaining to hybrid vehicles sorry, hybrid vessels, especially which we're 
getting from European or Scandinavian countries. Some idea of the pipeline that is possible from 
there? 
Madhu S Nair: 
What we already have contracted, you will get this information when we upload these figures. 
But when we are talking about pipeline and what the potential possibility of the pie outside is, 
all I can say is there's enough on the green vessel, on the short sea vessels getting replaced that's 
enough. But Cochin Shipyard what we are looking at it is not just about grabbing orders. It is 
also to make sure that we are generally good. 
 
I won't say exact, but we are generally and largely good with execution and what we can handle. 
And within that, we want to maximize the, what shall we say, the value for the company, which 
would be a combination of financial and strategic insights. So we are also a bit choosy. Choosy 
about the project, choosy about the client, choosy about how much of risk, because any new 
aspect we are getting into the European market, because these are new things even in the 
European market. So risk is also a factor. So it's a combination of these things. As an 
organization, we want to be prudent. We want to be aggressive, but at the same time, we want 
to be very prudent in what we do. But I can tell you, currently, there is enough in Europe for a 
company like Cochin Shipyard. That is what I would like to say, if that answers your question. 
Gagan: 
All right, sir. And this shipbuilding, ship repair order book of INR1250 crores, is that executable 
in less than 12 months? Or is it executable in 12 months or more? 
Madhu S Nair: 
It spreads beyond that also. But then that is not the ship repair. There will also be orders we'll 
pick up as we go also during this year. It is not that we pick up, for example, if we are talking 
about everything today, that means that for the next 10 months, we won't pick up any new work 
for this year. That is not the way we do ship repair. Maybe 2 months down the line, I would be 
picking up various other orders also for execution within this year itself. 
 
But we are, again, targeting significant growth in our ship repair top line also for this year as we 
move forward. We are happy and you would have noted that for the first time in our history, we 
crossed the INR1,000 crores on ship repair. It's a tough job, ship repair, but between Cochin 
Shipyard units, the three ship repair units elsewhere and the upcoming ISRF, we are still hoping 
to do a good increase in top line as we move forward. And we again feel there is good traction 
in the market to support that kind of a growth. 
Gagan: 
Final question, sir. You mentioned the additional depreciation from the new facilities, but there 
would also be additional employee and overhead costs related to the new facilities. Can you give 
some idea of what could be the additional leverage and inventory costs coming from the new 
facility? 
Madhu S Nair: 
We may not be able to put an exact figure on it, but all I can say is like the new facilities, which 
the new dry dock, let me say, the new dry dock is not a stand-alone facility. It is contiguous to 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
the percent Cochin Shipyard main unit. So largely, we are leveraging the existing facility. So it 
would be marginal additions on the labour side. 
 
And wherever is core labour, that is what it will be our own. Otherwise, there will be a significant 
part which is outsourced on a business on need basis. But the core aspects, let's say the plant 
maintenance because it's a brand new facility, we would put our own people to handle that 
facility. Similarly, on the ISRF side, if you were there earlier on the call, I have mentioned that 
we are looking at an operational partner. I can't disclose more details at this stage, but this will 
be coming out in the open when we do the tender hopefully within a month from now. We are 
trying to bring in a global operating partner. So again, it is not just about increasing the number 
of people, but again, in ISRF also, it's a brand-new ship lift and crane, which would be our own 
core people who will handle the electronics and the ship lift. 
 
So we are cognizant of the fact. We don't want to brought up anything. But it will be more 
marginal. It will not be a multiplier kind of a thing, depending on the size and scale. 
Gagan: 
When you say you're looking for a partner, can you elaborate a little more on the business 
contents of this? Is the partner the one who will operate the ship repair facility, which will be 
owned by you? What exactly are the contents of this project? 
Madhu S Nair: 
I won't get into too much detail, but the partner is not just to do the work, it is to make sure that 
we are best-in-class in the world. Turnaround times for us in ship repair, we are good in India. 
We are good generally, but we are not the best. We still need significant improvement. And for 
that significant improvement, we need to learn and work with some of the best in the world. We 
need to leverage some of the ecosystem, which is supply chain and service provider chains, 
which many of them have developed in places like Singapore or the Middle East. 
 
And we also would like to see them coming in with their clients. So it is, a close example would 
be the Indian airport, when it's been, some of the leading Indian operators have worked on this, 
but then they are also in league with some of the best international operators. I would like to stop 
at that, but that is our whole intention. 
Gagan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Maybe just one follow-up. Just wanted to understand how are we looking at a potential IAC 
execution time line, given that we've already guided in the past. So suppose the order comes 
through, how many years for design and typical execution after that from fit-out launch as well 
as in final delivery? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Again, this is something which we wouldn't want to talk too much. But whatever we have said 
on record earlier, if next carrier, when it comes, is largely based on the same or similar platform 
as what was Vikrant, then we have said we are somewhere around 8 to 10-ish years. This is what 
we have said. But I would like to stop at that because, again, it's the prerogative of the MoD and 
the Indian Navy to talk more on this. 

 
 
Cochin Shipyard Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Maybe just any outlook on the landing platform though? Initially we had indicated 
that, that project could be potentially coming up for RFP over the next 2 years. Anything that 
you're seeing incrementally positive on that front? 
Madhu S Nair: 
Not yet. Probably maybe after the elections and the new government comes in, maybe there will 
be traction on that. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Chandni Chande for closing comments. 
Chandni Chande: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining the conference call of Cochin Shipyard Limited. If you have 
any queries, you can write to us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you for 
joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thanks. 
