 
 
 
 
JFL/NSE-BSE/2024-25/13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      May 28, 2024 
 
 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 533155 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: JUBLFOOD 
 
Sub:- Transcript  of  Webcast and Conference Call 
Ref:- Regulation 30  of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In continuation to our letter no. JFL/NSE-BSE/2024-25/11 dated May 22, 2024 and pursuant 
to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Webcast and Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Wednesday, May 22, 2024 
for Q4FY24& FY24 results and business updates. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.jubilantfoodworks.com/financial-information/earnings-call-transcript 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Jubilant FoodWorks Limited 
 
 
 
Mona Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Investor E-mail id: investor@jublfood.com 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MONA 
AGGAR
WAL
Digitally signed 
by MONA 
AGGARWAL 
Date: 2024.05.28 
10:58:42 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                  Q4 FY24 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
Date: May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jubilant FoodWorks Limited 
Q4 FY '24 and FY’24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Jajodia, thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jajodia: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Jubilant FoodWorks Limited's Q4 FY '24 
and full year FY '24 earnings call for investors and analysts. We are joined today 
by senior members of the management team, including our Chairman, Mr. Shyam 
S Bhartia; our Co-Chairman, Mr. Hari S Bhartia; our CEO and MD, Mr. Sameer 
Khetarpal; and our CFO, Ms. Suman Hegde. We will commence with key thoughts 
from Mr. Hari S. Bhartia and then turn to our CEO and MD to start the webcast. 
After the opening remarks from the management, the forum will be open for the 
question-and-answer session. A cautionary note, some of the statements made on 
today's webcast and call could be forward-looking in nature, and the actual results 
could vary from the statement. A detailed statement in this regard is available in 
Jubilant FoodWorks' earning document. We will share the replay of the call on the 
company's website under the Investor Relations section. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Hari S Bhartia to share his view with you. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Hari S Bhartia: 
Thank you, Thank you, Deepak, and Good Evening, everyone. Welcome to our 
webcast. 
FY'24 will be regarded as a significant year in our corporate history as it is the 
coming together of two Domino's markets - India and Turkey - tracing a common 
origin with their first store opening in 1996 and eventually creating a dominant and 
profitable pizza franchise through early investments in own-commissaries and 
technology stack. 
We are excited by the potential of sub-franchisee-led operations in Domino’s 
Turkey, which complements the corporate-store-driven expansion in Domino’s 
India. We are now leading the 2 largest emerging markets opportunity globally for 
Domino’s, this has furthered deepen our relationship with them. 

3 
 
 
It is heartening to note that DP Eurasia has been able to build the 8th largest Cafe 
brand in Turkey – COFFY, in just over 2 years. With ~100 stores currently, we view 
COFFY as a new profitable growth lever for JFL group. 
In India, we are pleased to announce that despite a challenging demand 
environment, the Domino’s team has been able to achieve positive LFL growth in 
Q4. This has been accomplished without any price increase. 
For the current quarter, we are already in the positive LFL territory and continue to 
gain market share quarter-on-quarter. 
The emerging brands are tracking as per our plan and continued to make good 
progress during the year. 
With opening of 356 stores at the group level in FY’ 24, we are proud to announce 
that we achieved a record milestone of average of 1 store opening per day. 
To further strengthen our value proposition and fuel our growth ambitions, it’s 
critical that we continually invest across all facets of our business. This would 
translate to capex for new commissaries and investments in technology. Also, the 
delivery fee waiver would temporarily lower margins but is helping us to acquire 
new customers with high life time value, and ensuring future returns. We are certain 
that these initiatives would enhance the quality and substance of future cash flows. 
Offering the best value to consumers with tech-based convenience has been the 
cornerstone of JFL group’s success all these years and we will continue to build 
on it as we grow the portfolio of brands. 
With that, I request Sameer to start the webcast. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. Good evening, and warm welcome to all our participants 
in the webcast and the conference call today. I'd also like to welcome our 
colleagues from Turkey and DP Eurasia CEO - Aslan. And Suman, who is the new 
CFO, has joined this quarter, and it’s also her first analyst call as JFL CFO. So 
welcome, everyone. I'll begin with an overview of fiscal year 2024, share key 
market-wise and brand-wise highlights. Suman will follow with a review of 
consolidated P&L. I will then talk about business outlook and network addition 
guidance for FY '25. We will then, of course, take questions from all of you. We are 
also changing our format of this call today. As I speak about the commentary on 
the webcast, you will see the slides. So I'll speak to the slides.  

4 
 
 
The FY '24 is clearly a year of significant shift for JFL as a group. It catapults us 
from being India's largest foodservice company to also becoming one of the largest 
emerging market food services company. 
 
As we go to the next page, which gives you a snapshot of the network. The JFL 
Group store network across six markets and five brands is nearly three 3,000 
stores. When viewed from the lens of sustainable long-term growth potential 
through our choice of market selection, we are positioned very well to serve 22% 
of the world's population, nearly a quarter as I would say. 
Our strategically curated cuisine segments matched with some of the best 
partnerships that we have with global franchise brand owners like Domino's, RBI, 
Inspire, and also, in-house brands like COFFY and Hong's Kitchen gives many 
competitive advantages to JFL as a group. On top of it, the complementarity of the 
business model with corporate and franchise stores puts us in a unique position to 
grow competitively, profitably with higher return on capital. 
 
The highlight here on this page, at least for me, is we opened 356 stores together 
as a group, i.e., one store a day, nearly one store a day. In Domino's, we opened 
240 stores in the year across geographies. However, one of the key insights from 
the network update is that the Non-Domino’s portfolio contributed to ~27% of the 
overall quarterly network growth which is a key indicator of how the combined 
effects of portfolio of brands - albeit at different stages of brand development - will 
play out in the future when viewed from the perspective of gaining share of meal 
occasions within the growing emerging market consumer base. 
Let me now move to FY’24 highlights. We've been very consistent on our four 
strategic pillars, which is highlighted on the left side of the page. On each of the 
pillar, we've made rapid strides and progressed significantly against each priority 
in the year gone by. 
 
 
The first set of priorities relates to Customer and Market First. The 
underlying objective here is to profitably build a multi-brand and multi-cuisine 
food service organization. 
 
• 
We turned around the Domino’s India LFL trajectory in Q4 and the 
trend line continues to be positive 
• 
As you are aware, DPEU acquisition adds two profitable growth 
vectors to our portfolio – Domino’s Turkey and COFFY.  

5 
 
 
• 
The new brands performance is tracking as per the plan with clear 
path to scale-up and profitability 
• 
We also accelerated the pace of profitable expansion in Domino’s 
Bangladesh. 
 
The next set of priority is driving Operational Excellence. The Group places 
inordinate focus on continuous improvement when it comes to executing with 
excellence and FY’24 was no exception. 
 
• 
The commissioning of the one-of-its-kind Jubilant Food Park in 
Bengaluru, significantly enhances our control over our core-value 
chain as we have insourced spice packaging and Chicken marination, 
in addition to existing set of capabilities within the Greater Noida plant. 
 
• 
Our customer facing operational KPIs also registered record 
improvement on account of multiple workstreams affected during the 
year such as the decision to transition from a 4-region to 7-region 
structure which significantly enhanced span of control and led to faster 
decision making. A structured review cadence and purpose driven 
market visits by the leadership team with an intention to enable our 
teams serve consumers better. 
 
The next set of priority is focus on Data and Technology Forward.  
 
• 
We have made significant changes in the Domino’s app and proof of 
the pudding is in the higher customer conversion 
 
• 
Domino’s Cheesy rewards membership base is now 23.1 mn strong and 
roughly contributing to ~50% of orders. 
 
• 
The continuous digitization of operations through dedicated Rider App, 
OSSOM app for store teams, introduction of Tablet POS ordering are 
some of the many initiatives being taken with a single-minded-objective 
of helping store teams serve consumers better.  
 
Significant efforts were also made to strengthen the foundation of people and 
culture which is essentially a pre-requisite for delivering on the first three 
priorities. 

6 
 
 
 
We were certified as Great Place to Work for the second time in a row, are in 
the process to codify our values and are progressing towards our sustainability 
targets with industry leading initiatives.  Notably, we now have the largest own-
EV fleet with 11,500+ e-bikes which is now 47% of our overall fleet. The 
successful implementation of India’s first No-antibiotics-ever in poultry sourcing 
sets up a firm building block as we scale up Chicken offerings 
 
Now, moving to our reported consolidated performance. As you are aware, the 
line-by-line consolidation of DPEU was effective 1st February and hence growth 
figures aren’t comparable to prior periods but two important highlights here are: 
 
1. Introduction of system sales as a new metric. The sub-franchisee-owned 
store sales will not be part of our revenue and hence we will also be 
reporting the system sales to give you an understanding of the overall 
business scale-up. 
 
2. This is a margin accretive acquisition and hence it elevates and will 
continue to positively contribute to the Group’s overall profitability. 
 
The consolidated Gross Margin came in at a healthy 76.3%. Operating 
EBITDA margin is at 20.2% and PAT margin after excluding the net one-time 
gain of 1,702 million on fair valuation of equity stake held before acquiring 
control was 4.1%. Overall, PAT declined 34.7% year on year due to increased 
investments in building our network, portfolio and operational capabilities for 
the future.  
 
On Pre-Ind-AS-116 basis, Op. EBITDA margin came in at 12.6% and PAT 
margin was 5.1%. 
 
We will speak more about the underlying drivers of the margin decline and 
our thinking behind the same in the subsequent slides. 
 
As you can see from the reported revenue walk, Domino’s India added 1,943 
million to the revenue in the year, the two-month contribution from DP Eurasia 
was 2,174 million and all other emerging businesses incrementally 
contributed 841 million to the revenue. 
 

7 
 
 
To better appreciate the scale of our business, the overall revenue with DP 
Eurasia for full year would have been 69,289 million and the normalized 
constant currency growth including DP Eurasia even in FY’23 base would 
have been 10.8%. Similarly, the system sales would have been 80,300 
million. 
 
Let’s now move to key market-wise highlights. 
 
In India, Q4 revenue growth came in at 6.3%. Domino’s growth was 4.9% 
which in turn-was an order led growth at 5.5%. 
 
Let me now hop on the next slide to talk about Domino’s LFL before I progress 
to share an update on Margins. 
 
So despite high inflation in the past and a challenging demand environment, we 
not only resisted the allure of taking any price hike increase in the last seven 
quarters but work firmly on three work streams. 
 
First was sharper on-the-ground execution with an intent to improve customer 
KPIs. Moving from four regions to seven, although required additional infrastructure 
regionally, investments in teams, but is also the key catalyst to drive necessary 
decentralization to take our teams and management closer to customers and our 
store managers. As you can see, our customer satisfaction scores improved. 
Our delivery under 20 minutes performance improved, and we registered record 
growth in new customer acquisition. The reimage of bottom 80 store resulted in a 
double-digit improvement in dine-in orders.  
Secondly, we made a proactive decision to sharper value equation and drive order 
growth. As against any price increase, we moved a step further to sharpen the 
value on offer to customers with a waiver of delivery fees after successfully piloting, 
testing, controlling, fine-tuning for nearly five months before we took the decision. 
 
Thirdly, the growth initiatives. As you are aware, through a national relaunch 
campaign, It Happens Only with Pizza, we are doing a 360-degree change across 
the brand assets, including the communication to grow share of pizza consumption 
and improve the brand health. This was validated with improved brand scores, top-
of-the-mind recall, engagement by youth and brand love. 

8 
 
 
 
We also invested behind a differentiated regional leadership team who has prior 
experience not only in off-line retail management but also understands the handling 
of online sales as well. So in a nutshell they should understand both digital and 
physical world. This has also contributed to turnaround in LFL trajectory. 
 
Specifically on the India segment, as was expected, these investments are 
weighing on our margins, but, we decided to invest ahead of growth. While the 
gross margin came in at 76.6%, an improvement of 135 basis points year-on-year, 
led by Project Vijay and commodity deflation, the operating EBITDA margin came 
in at 19.1%, down 100 basis points year-on-year. 
The savings pool created by Project Vijay across all cost lines was re-invested back 
into the business by giving value back to consumer through delivery fee waiver to 
revive growth in a subdued demand environment, and also further investments 
were made to build our network, operations and tech capabilities as we prepare for 
a market turnaround. 
While we are conscious that this results in a short term drag on margins, however, 
it will help us grow orders at a rapid pace and recruit new customers into the 
organised pizza category. This is reflected in the improved NCA numbers.  
 
Order growth as you are aware is the primary driver of sustained growth in the 
restaurant segment and this, in turn, will reduce the negative operating leverage 
quarter-on-quarter, lending support to margin recovery. 
 
As you can see, we are consistent with the theme of building and growing the share 
of pizza occasions through It Happens Only with Pizza. This is 5th in the series of 
It Happens Only With campaign. During the IPL time, we launched free delivery 
campaigns and, of course, linked it back to It Happens Only with Pizza. 
On expected lines, delivery continues to chart new quarterly record with delivery 
mix at 67.9%. Delivery channel revenue was up by 12.0%. While delivery order 
growth came in at mid teen levels, we saw a decline in ticket price on account of 
delivery fee waiver. The decline in ticket price was partially offset by introduction of 
packaging charges in March. The Delivery LFL growth came in at 7.8% So there is 
a big turnaround in the like-for-like growth in nearly 2/3 of our business. 

9 
 
 
 
The highlight here is that new brands have also started to contribute to revenue 
growth. The contribution this quarter was 1.4% to revenue growth and is a step up 
from 0.2% in the last year.  
On the profitability trends, the Gross Margin is in a healthy range and our focus is 
to now sequentially improve Pre-Ind-as-116 Operating EBITDA margin through 
focussed cost optimisation measures and driving higher orders from stores to drive 
operating leverage.  
Let me now share key highlights from our International Segment which with the 
acquisition of the Turkey business on an annualised basis is 23% of our 
Consolidated Revenues 
In Turkey, Azerbaijan and Georgia, Q4 FY’24 witnessed strong market leading 
performance with System Sales of Rs. 5,877 million, up by 28.1%. 
These numbers are Post-IAS-29 and hence comparable to prior periods. 
Domino’s Turkey LFL growth was strong at 18.0%. Domino’s Turkey Delivery 
channel mix was stable at 74.4%. 
The COFFY’s System Sales came in at Rs. 461 million, up by 209% and now 
contributes 7.9% to DPEU System Sales. 
 
The revenue contribution for the reported two months came in at Rs. 2,174 million 
with an Operating EBITDA of 26.5% and PAT margin of 6.2%. 
Moving to Domino’s Bangladesh, the revenue came in at Rs. 134 million, up by 
52.1% on the back of accelerated network expansion and in Domino’s Sri Lanka, 
revenue came in at Rs. 119 million, up by 4.1% 
Moving to brand-wise highlights. First being Domino’s. 
I think this slide, to me, sets the tone of our strategy and how we are positioned 
within the Domino's system. We continue to be the largest franchisee operating in 
some of the very underpenetrated high-growth market. Domino's and JFL Group 
partnership is long-standing relationship between the world's #1 pizza company 
and one of the largest emerging market franchisees. I can't think of any other 
parallel like this in the Domino's world. 

10 
 
 
 
Here are a few things that will differentiate us from any other partnership and goes 
well beyond the strict contours of a franchisee-franchisor relationship as we are 
determined to grow in these emerging markets.  
Firstly, we have exclusive, full territory rights for underpenetrated, high-potential 
markets. We operate with one of the strongest customer-centric value equations 
through our unique commissary model based on the sourcing model and, 
therefore, controlling the significant part and the value of the back-end supply 
chain. 
 
In all geographies, we have developed self-delivery and our own-app infrastructure 
to directly interact with customers. All these capabilities have been built grounds 
up both in Turkey and in India, like you know.  
We have a unique culture of hustle with a maniacal focus on operational execution 
to succeed in a store environment, which brags one of the highest throughput per 
store. 
So Turkey and India are amongst the top markets. India, of course, is one of the 
highest or is the highest throughput per store volume. Turkey definitely is among 
the top quartile within the Domino's system. Deep local expertise developed over 
decades across all markets and, most importantly, the long-term vision to make 
growth investments ahead of the curve for durable and sustainable growth. 
 
In the next slide, as you can see, these territories are strong, and we have leading 
position. So JFL Group operates nearly 2,800 Domino’s stores now, and we have 
podium position across all territories. India, Turkey are large growing markets, 
which is one of the highest profitable metrics within the system. 
In Bangladesh, we recently achieved market leadership and have also registered 
mid-single-digit EBITDA during the year. Azerbaijan and Georgia albeit small are 
franchise-profitable markets with further headroom for growth. The task in our hand 
is to affect the turnaround in Sri Lanka business. We are on it, and we'll come back 
to you with an update by the year-end.  
We have reviewed the potential of all territories and confident to profitably scale 
Domino's network to 5,500 stores as we see a significant headroom to grow with 
immense potential in the territories that we operate in. 

11 
 
 
 
Coming to Domino's in India. We are nearing 2,000 stores in Domino's. As you can 
see, we have accelerated the pace of new city expansion. We have added 28 new 
cities in the last year and now have presence in 421 cities.  
Technology is an integral part of our strategy, and again, last two years have been 
watershed years in terms of our technological transformation. As you can see on 
this page, we had a very clunky old-world app when we started the journey. This is 
a picture of how we were in 2022, a lot of customer friction, nonintuitive user flows 
and a lot of legacy issues.  
Where we've come to? As you can see, we have materially enhanced not only our 
user experience and interfaces but also tremendous back-end capabilities, which 
allows the teams to configure promotions, change the menu and also change the 
area that the store serves if there is a rain or there is an event. It has allowed us to 
improve conversions, and the conversion in the last quarter actually has been at 
an all-time high. 
 
So here are some of the metrics that we care about.  
App installs continue to be ~9.4 million. As you can see, typically, in Q4 the monthly 
active users drop as the Q3 is typically the festive period. But as you can see, we 
reversed the trend. Q4 is now higher in terms of monthly active users. And we 
continue to be on that trajectory. Cheesy Rewards cumulative membership is at 
23.1 million. 
 
Rider and rider ecosystem is another capability that we have to build upon, and we 
are very cognizant of it. Driving further our technology agenda to digitize 
operations, we launched a dedicated rider app that is helping us significantly 
improve quality and speed of service delivery. 
 
Coming to Domino's in Turkey, Azerbaijan and Georgia. We've added 48 new 
stores in Turkey, Azerbaijan and Georgia. And percentage of network franchise 
improved by 2.1% point.  
 
The team in Turkey also launched very exciting range of Mexican pizza. As you 
can see, we're also showing you a glimpse of Domino’s store in Turkey. Very 
similar to India, Turkey has its own app infrastructure and delivery infrastructure. 
The app installs were 0.76 million in the gone quarter, and it has a monthly active 
user base of ~3 million. 

12 
 
 
 
In Bangladesh, we added 11 net stores and increased the network from 17 stores 
to 28 stores. Again, you can see through the trajectory, we are stepping up the 
pace. And on the right-hand side, you can see we still don't cover the full Dhaka, 
leave aside the entire country. So again, we have a huge headroom to grow. We've 
also entered two new cities in Bangladesh during the year: Narayanganj, which is 
on the outskirts of Dhaka, very similar to, you can say, how Faridabad is to Delhi; 
and Chittagong or now it is called Chattogram.  
 
Very similar to our playbook in any emerging economy, we are localizing the taste 
and flavours. What you see in Bangladesh is a very heavy rice-eating market. What 
you can see is we've launched oregano rice with the fusion of topping from 
Domino's. It's doing very, very well. Again, this market is primarily a non-vegetarian 
market. We have enhanced our garlic bread range to introduce chicken teriyaki-
stuffed garlic bread and also with more flavourful and more choices of dips. 
 
Moving from Domino's in various geographies to Popeyes. Globally, Popeyes is all 
about product superiority with modern digital guest experience. This is how 
Popeyes is winning share in U.S.A., and this is how we want to progress in India 
as well. Through suitable adjustment to localize the flavour profile to the Indian 
palate or Indian consumers, I'm happy to share with you that the product fit is also 
now formally established. 
We made huge strides in improving the gross margin on the product range, and 
we've also evolved the portfolio and operational parameters. We also established 
product superiority using fresh chicken for marination in our Bangalore commissary 
and then applying to all stores while ensuring there are no-antibiotics-ever 
administered to the chicken that we serve to our customers. 
 
We have obviously accelerated the pace of expansion. So now for the last two 
quarters, we've added 10 stores each and with 42 stores are now present in 15 
cities. We have gone through a steep learning curve and are getting better and 
better in our execution and unit economics with every successive store launch and 
every city launch. 
 
Here are a few glimpses of lines outside the store. This is day one of Chandni 
Chowk. We have now opened our first city in Delhi NCR. As we call it, Chandni 
Chowk is heart of Delhi and Delhi is heart of India.  
 
Moving to COFFY. It's one of the fastest-growing profitable café brand, and we are 
excited to share with you the progress the brand has made in a short period of 

13 
 
 
time. The idea behind COFFY is also noteworthy: quality coffee without excessive 
price tag in a market with high coffee consumption while being digitally first. So, 
the core proposition of value and digitization is targeting the youth segment well. 
COFFY is now eighth largest café brand in Turkey. And I think we are making rapid 
progress in making it amongst the top brands in that geography.  
 
COFFY also became the first amongst our new brand portfolio to have recently 
crossed 100th store milestone. The AWO of 2,000+ also inspires our other 
emerging businesses to shorten the learning curve further. We view the medium-
term potential as 350 stores. 
 
There is another picture of how the stores look like. As you can see, customers 
sitting both inside and outside and enjoying their cups of coffee. 
 
Talking about Dunkin' and Hong's. We added 10 net stores for Dunkin'. We've 
pivoted successfully to beverage first strategy, and we continue to progress well 
by launching new products and gain new customers in the process. Hong's 
Kitchen, operates in a very large Indo-Chinese segment. And we added 15 net 
stores, launched a new chicken range along with the beverage range in Hong's. 
 
We have also stepped up consumer engagement across all brands and markets 
and are confident that this will pay rich dividends in the near term as overall 
consumer sentiment picks up in the coming quarters. 
 
With this, I hand over to Suman to give you a quick overview of the financials, and 
we will come back to you to speak on business outlook and the questions that you 
may have. Over to you, Suman. 
Suman Hegde: 
Thanks, Sameer. Good evening, everyone. Quickly taking you through the 
highlights in the financials, which you would already have a chance to go through.  
 
For the Full year 2024, 
• Consolidated revenue increase came in at 9.6%, like for like excluding the 2 
months of DPEU consolidation would stack up at 5.4%  
• Gross profit increase was driven by improved gross margins led by deflation and 
productivity initiatives 
• Personnel costs have seen a step-up due to min wage & salary increments in the 
range of 8-9% and resourcing of new stores, commissaries and tech teams 

14 
 
 
• Mfg. & Other expenses while have seen an increase in line with new stores 
opening and orders increase – the operating deleverage on the same due to 
subdued revenue growth has hit the margins 
• Overall interest and depreciation costs are up on the back of increased 
investments as highlighted earlier 
• Therefore, Profit before Exceptional items before Tax for FY’24 stands at 3,156 
million against 4,887 million in FY23. A decrease of 35.4%. Post the exceptional 
entry on the one-time gain of 1,702 million on fair valuation of previously held stake 
in DPEU, consolidated PAT stands at 7.1%. 
Moving on to the Quarter 4 financials view: 
• Consolidated revenue increase is at 23.9%, like for like excluding the 2 months 
of DPEU consolidation would stack up at 6.7%  
• Personnel costs and Mfg. & Other expenses increase primarily driven by similar 
reasons as highlighted earlier for FY’24  
• Interest cost increase on the back of debt taken for India and in Netherlands for 
the DPEU acquisition 
• Profit before exceptional items before tax for Q4’FY24 stands at 549 million 
against 534 million in Q4’FY23. An increase of 2.7%. Post the exceptional entry on 
the one-time gain of 1,702 million, consolidated PAT for Q4’FY24 stands at 13.3%. 
With that I hand back to Sameer to conclude 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thanks, Suman. Turning to some bit of forward-looking guidance and outlook also 
priorities for FY '25. 
 
I think we're still operating in an uncertain demand environment. So therefore, our 
focus is on volumetric growth, acquiring customers and gaining market share. We'll 
continue to innovate on the portfolio with our assets, get more customers, serve 
customers multiple times, while focusing on both value as well as the premium end 
of the products that we will launch across brands. 
 
We'll continuously improve our services. As the world becomes more accustomed 
to delivery and as the share of delivery goes up, we realize that service standards 
being asked by customers are also increasing. We'll continue to invest in 
technology and operations to meet and surpass consumer expectations. 

15 
 
 
 
We'll expand occasions and category share through new brands like chicken, 
coffee and Indo-Chinese food. I think there is always opportunity to improve cost, 
be more efficient, and I am a firm believer of that, and we'll continue to do so. The 
annual network addition guidance for FY 2025 will be: 180 stores for Domino's 
India, 50 for Domino's in Turkey, 20 for Domino's in Bangladesh. In COFFY, we 
intend to open 70 stores. In Popeyes, our guidance stands at 50 restaurants and 
25 for Hong's Kitchen. 
 
With this, I request the moderator to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from AMBIT. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: Wonderful, sir. Sir, if I look at these initiatives that we've been working on, which is 
IHOP also splitting the business from four to seven territories and even the recently 
launched delivery waiver, what seems to have done pretty well is obviously the 
pickup in the delivery revenue. So is it that mainly the waiver of the delivery is 
something that has really driven the improvement in the delivery performance? And 
why is it that the sales on the dine-in still remain muted despite, these initiatives? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So firstly, I'm positive that the like-for-like growth at least for the last three months, 
is seeing a positive trajectory. In a subdued demand environment, it is first 
important to grow, whether it comes from delivery or dine-in. That's the first thing 
we want. And like I said, the LFL delivery growth is 7.8%. 
 
Now it is, of course, aided by a free delivery waiver. But equally, we have to execute 
well and, under 20 minutes-odd, ensure that our delivery promises are kept. So it 
is both on the back of execution. And as you can see, if the like-for-like growth for 
our delivery is 7.8%, it means materially different type of operations inside the 
store. It still has to be served and served with a better timeliness and service 
quality. So the on-the-ground team that you are referring to are actually helping us 
deliver that growth. 
 
We have taken several steps also for dine-in, some of which we have spoken 
about, some has been already been executed in the last month or so. And we're 
actually seeing that the decline in dine-in has also been arrested during lunch hour. 
So several things are under motion. 
 
There is a tailwind when the world is moving from on-premise to off-premise or 
dine-in to delivery, right? That's happening across the world. And we don't want to 
resist it. We want to ride on that wave. I'm confident that we will also kind of arrest 
the decline also in the dine-in. 

16 
 
 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: That's helpful. Just a follow-up, is it that you get the sense that the market has 
become that sensitive to pricing or offers maybe that, say, giving a waiver on 
delivery is leading to this kind of activation and maybe there will be more activation 
required to keep this growth sustaining? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think firstly, it's a good d problem to have if you are having growth in one 
channel, which is quite material at a store level. So at the moment, we believe the 
full potential of even free delivery campaign is not fully there. We've not reached 
the full potential, and yet the awareness on this particular piece is, I would say, 
limited and there is significant headroom on this count. 
 
Now the most important thing over there is our pace of new customers have 
increased materially. Now some of them will buy once, but many of them will buy 
three times a year. The average frequency is 3. That's what we've seen historically. 
And if that happens, the compounding will begin to happen, right? Whether that 
compounding happens in dine-in, carryout, delivery, aggregators, right, we 
obviously want compounding to happen. And we are seeing a little bit early signs 
of upticks in repeat rates also for the new customers that are acquiring. Of course, 
it's very new and I don't want to comment too much. 
 
But the fundamental point I am making, Nihal, is that there is a compounding. Every 
customer you acquire have a lifetime value of not just one transaction, on an 
average of three transactions, and we are monitoring that. So of course, there are 
other initiatives, which once we launch, we will communicate. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: Sure. Final question, if I may. You've been mentioning that, say, the last three 
months or at least the current quarter, you're seeing a good traction. If you could 
just mention, it's both delivery, dine-in and if it's a significant pickup from the 0.1% 
LFL we saw in Q4? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
From Feb onwards, we are seeing an uptick in like-for-like growth given that we 
are sitting in May, so therefore, I can at least comment about April. April also was 
positive. And in April, we took several steps on arresting the decline of dine-in, and 
those are also working. 
 
So I don't want to overpromise and because still it's one month of data that I'm 
gathering for the current quarter. But, delivery continues to grow with material 
headroom to even grow further. Dine-in, several steps have been taken, and those 
are also we are tracking and paying off. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 

17 
 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the recent development. So we have seen India's foremost 
multiplex operators come out, and they are working together with one of your 
competitors in terms of the malls and food courts. This brings cross-promotion 
synergy benefits. This gives your competitor better understanding of the malls and, 
obviously, better rental and rental rates also. So is that a concern for you at least 
from a mall growth perspective? And globally, this is also quite prevalent in some 
of the developed markets. So what will be your thoughts on this? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I think it's -- I think, obviously, we'll learn and we'll let it pan out. I can -- and 
I've visited several malls, and we have stores, both Domino's and Popeyes, in 
several malls. In terms of throughput per store, Domino's are typically Number1 or 
Number 2 in every mall that we operate in. It is the go-to brand when it comes to 
pizza for any mall operator. We get very preferential treatment in terms of location, 
invitation, access. 
 
So I don't think that is going to change. Ultimately, it is not about only access to 
space. It is also about demand and the value that we serve. So we'll stay true to 
the value to consumers, great-tasting pizza at a great price and Popeyes with the 
world's famous and best-in-class chicken. I don't see any concern we'll obviously 
watch closely and if there is something to learn, we will learn. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on Popeyes. So clearly, your aggression seems to be 
increasing. From five stores in first quarter, it became 10 in next two, and now you 
are targeting 12 per quarter. So two, three questions there. One is, would you go 
beyond these seven, eight states which you currently have? Or mostly the 
expansion in FY '25 will be in these seven, eight states? 
 
Second is when you say getting better with every new store and city launch, could 
you give some anecdotal evidence, some data points, what exactly do you mean 
by this? Because clearly aggression seems to be matching this statement, but what 
exactly you mean by this? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So if you look at Jubilant FoodWorks, we have our own commissaries. And all 
stores of Domino's in 421 cities are served from our commissary. So we have the 
infrastructure to do chicken marination, sourcing of no-antibiotics-ever and multi-
temperature logistics. So that allows us to open store and ride on the logistics and 
supply chain that we build for Domino's. So therefore, it's easier that way versus 
some of the competition. 

18 
 
 
 
And therefore, we will expand wherever the market is, and that's what we've been 
doing. And then, of course, when we go to a city, we then add the second and the 
third, so we try to serve the full city. 
 
The ambition to open stores is coming from three things. I think I alluded to it. 
Firstly, see, ultimately, we are in the business of serving food that customers are 
eating. So the first piece is the customer liking the food. Popeyes is closer to Indian 
palate with a bold Louisiana Cajun Flavors. Second, the battering process that 
Popeyes is using is unique, therefore, it makes the chicken more crunchier and 
tastier. And number three is the chicken sandwich, which pop stars start like 
Beyoncé and other celebrities have craving for. 
 
So there is something in the brand which on the food side that gives us the 
confidence, and the food is loved by the customers. As you can see the lines across 
the new stores that we opened, they opened at materially high average weekly 
orders. So the ultimate confidence is coming from the customer love. 
 
In parallel, of course, this is a U.S. brand coming to India. And in India, we know 
things work differently. Price points are different, economics are different. The 
capex requirement, the space requirement, manpower, everything is different. So 
we've taken like last year to perfect it. So we have brought down our food cost to 
improve gross margins. We've fine-tuned our labour model. We are actively looking 
at restaurant operating costs. 
 
So the underlying theme being we are more confident of building a profitable 
franchise, I would still say that there is huge headroom to grow. While the pace has 
gone from maybe four to 10 store per quarter, I think we can do even more. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. Last question is on your Domino's delivery channel. It's a decent growth. And 
clearly, you seem to be growing faster than the other listed players. My question 
here is, we are seeing a lot of the quick commerce now start to charge in terms of 
the convenience and delivery, or they have the loyalty charge, etc, which is also 
indirect way of charging. 
 
So against that, when you're offering free delivery and it clearly seems to be 
working but not fully to the optimum level, so is this more against a regional chains? 
Because the listed player seems to be definitely losing market share. So if you 
could comment on why this has been done more towards the La Pino'z kind of 
regional players and how is the performance versus them because those are 
unlisted, but you would have more clarity on their performance. 

19 
 
 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
We track all competitors internally, and we have gained market share within the 
category. And Abneesh, I have been a very vocal advocate of category expansion 
-- in a $1 billion category we are having a 70% market share, that's not the game 
that we are playing in. We are operating in a $50 billion market, and we have to 
grow the category. So that's the task over here. 
 
Having said that, no player has opened ~180 stores in the year, LFL delivery growth 
of nearly 7.8% in this environment. As we track internally, we have not seen any of 
the competitor to have such kind of growth in other players. So we have gained 
share. And it is not done to La Pino'z or any other player piece. It is done to grow 
the category. That's what we are single-mindedly focused on, our customers, and 
we did this after thorough analysis of nearly five months of experiments in like 40 
different parts of the country to come to this conclusion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
Thanks for a very comprehensive presentation. The first question pertains to Vijay. 
So Project Vijay has boosted our gross margins and has offered cushion in a 
difficult time in recent times. So just wanted to know, are there any more benefits 
which can come through this year? And second, despite these GM gains and 
improved LFL, EBITDA margins were lower this quarter. So is this a trade-off that 
we'll see between LFL growth recovery and margins going forward in the near 
future at least? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thanks, Tejash, and good to connect with you. So Tejash, firstly, being an ex-
consultant, I always see margins as an opportunity, and I see actually more 
margins as an opportunity across line items. So we would have delivered close to 
INR200 crores of savings delivered in the last year. Actually, we're only doubling 
down, and the team feels there is even more to do it. 
 
We are systematically going after rentals, manpower productivity. These are some 
of the areas that we were not able to capture as much as we wanted last year. As 
you would see, the large part of it flow into gross margins for things like I've spoken 
about, going to lidless boxes, corn localization, smart sourcing of cheese and a bit 
of commodity deflation. 
 
So from that perspective, I see more over there. We've also opened up a new front 
on capex. We're also looking at capex reduction, partnering with landlords on 
investments for capex, Capex can come down by almost 15% per store. So, a firm 
believer that this is a big area for generating savings. And as a retail organization, 

20 
 
 
we have to continuously be at it, including technology, G&A, electricity. We are 
rapidly moving from petrol bikes to electric bikes for instance. 
 
So all of those things actually add to EBITDA. Price increases, obviously, our last 
resort, right? Other analyst was asking, would you charge anything for platform 
fees or convenience fees? Passing on to consumers is our last resort. Internal 
efficiencies bring the smile on my face. 
Tejash Shah: 
Great. Sir, second, we have revised our medium-term target of Domino's India from 
earlier you used to say 3,000. Now we are targeting 4,000 stores. So could you 
share this key insight that would have prompted us to upgrade our guidance? And 
additionally, how should we think about this medium term in terms of years? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I mean I view it more as a kind of a 5-year period thereabout. One can debate it's 
four or six, but somewhere around that. Why we are revising it upwards is the 
following. 
 
Firstly, the teams are using data and technology. Like you see there is ~11 million 
monthly active users, right? And over a year, this is another like 40 million to 50 
million monthly active users that log on. About 10% to 12% of our consumers still 
see out-of-service area where we can't deliver to them. That's the best signal we 
are getting. Somebody has our app but we are unable to serve because the store 
is not there. So we are using data and technology to put the next store. And that is 
giving us the confidence. Equally, and I've gone on record in saying, there are 34 
airport terminals that matter. We've finally opened one more in the last year, so -- 
in the last quarter. So we are still present in six or 7. There are 1,000 colleges in 
India where we believe we can store. We are present in about eight or 9. 
 
So when I look at the opportunity and how our teams can execute with a small 
store format, with a lean team, delivery technology, I think the potential is a lot 
more, right? And I always say this to my team, I always -- if one brand in China can 
have 11,000 stores, we can surely have 4,000 stores in India of Domino's. 
Tejash Shah: 
Super. Sir, last one, if I may. On DP Eurasia, do they have a better experience in 
dine-in versus us, a? And b, how does working capital changes in the franchise 
model versus our cocoa model? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So there, the delivery contribution is about 75%. So, Domino's as a brand is largely 
delivery oriented, and that's the ethos of the brand. And what the team has done 
exceptionally well is carryout. So in India, it is more, I would say, delivery and dine-
in where customers sit down. In Turkey, it is delivery and carryout or takeaway as 

21 
 
 
it is called. So they have wonderful offers for consumers to come into the store and 
carryout. 
 
On the working capital, I will request Suman to answer that. 
Suman Hegde: 
Looking at DP Eurasia given the franchisee model, there is an interplay between 
your capital and your working capital, right, your fixed assets. So you will have 
lower capex operations within, of course, DP Eurasia, but from a working capital 
point of view, the model of franchisees still operates with own-commissary. So all 
the supply of materials still happens from DP Eurasia to the franchisee. So you still 
have material coming in. So you would have your payables and your inventory is 
still sitting there because you service those stores. 
 
But of course, the receivables might be a little different because the receivables in 
DP Eurasia's case as against India's case, where India, it is cash, and your 
receivable will be two to three days of a reconciliation that happens here. There, 
the receivables will be in terms of royalty and the credit terms that they have with 
their franchise. So the receivables might be a little higher than what India will see. 
 
But it's a trade-off between working capital and actually fixed capital that we work 
on. So basically, we don't have too much of working capital in your book because 
your creditors versus receivables kind of net off. Of course, you have a bit of 
inventory on your book. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, it's a very frugally run business by an entrepreneur. So each and every lira is 
counted with minutest of detail. So I can assure you there are no such leakages. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari: from Jefferies. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Two questions. First, when I look at your presentation, it appears that in the past, 
in the history, if you go back 10, 15 years, you have experimented with brands and 
the focus was Domino's and building brands beyond Domino's, but primarily in 
India. When we see your presentation now, it appears that you are doing too many 
things, both from brand perspective and internationally, and then there is a new 
dimension, which is a new geography and a new brand there. I mean how do you 
think about the management bandwidth? And is there a risk that you are spreading 
ourselves to thin? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So no, absolutely not. We've been in fact doubling down on Domino's, in India I'm 
talking about. And with the playbook in Sri Lanka or Bangladesh is absolutely the 
same playbook. In fact, you can treat it, as in some ways, two other states of India, 

22 
 
 
right? In terms of management bandwidth, right, but for different geographies and 
fully respect the nationalities over there. 
The only place we are like increasing the pace is Popeyes. Everything else, we 
have gone on record in saying that we will treat them as startups. They have startup 
teams, which are contained, and they have given capital to experiment. So we are 
very well organized in terms of leaders, chefs, marketing teams and the real estate 
development team. So it does not take-away management bandwidth, and we 
have consciously taken calls to move away from Ekdum! biryani and ChefBoss. 
 
Now DP Eurasia was something that we have slowly acquired a minority stake to 
up to 49% and the natural logical step for the organization was to take control of 
the company, delist it, use the leverage of our relationship of Domino's, drive 
profitability. And it's a very asset-light model run by a very competent team by a 
founder who's run this for 27 years, joined the team as a store manager literally. 
So absolutely not. We are very sharp on making our choices and very clear on our 
strategy. Nothing has changed in my opinion. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay, sure. And just a follow-up, if you take a, let's say, three four years' view, do 
you think on the international side, you are done and the expansion will be more 
organic in those geographies? Or do you still -- are you still open for international 
acquisition if something comes by? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Well, I think at the moment, we are not looking at anything. Anything that came in, 
we actually said no and we have our hands full. India continues to be like a big 
opportunity. And I'm actually amazed and positively surprised to see the 
opportunity in Turkey and what the team has done in COFFY. And we're still 
doubling down, focusing on what we have at the moment. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. The second question, Sameer, on -- again, I know it's probably an unfair 
question, but I'll still go ahead and ask you. You have done well with the Domino's 
delivery in this quarter. But when you look at -- I just want to know your impression 
or reaction. When you look at, let's say, someone like Zomato's number, which in 
food delivery has, let's say, grown 28%, what do you think about -- because end of 
the day, you peg yourself as a pizza brand and, therefore, $1 billion one. 
Or you say that, okay, if $1 billion quarterly GMV Zomato is doing and growing 
28%, how do you reconcile with the fact that, let's say, Domino's -- or you have 
done about 7.5%, 8%? 

23 
 
 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So Vivek, great question. No reason why we should not be growing faster. I think 
that's the point you are making. And with the delivery fee waiver, we have taken 
this head-on. And as you look at the numbers, you would also look at quarter-on-
quarter, I think you'll get some of the answers over there. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. Okay. Sure. And last bit on India business margins, do you think you are at 
somewhere close to the bottom of margins, let's say, on a pre-Ind AS basis? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, we believe so. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was again on the margins. So I wanted to understand, is there a 
minimum level of LFL growth that you need to start recovering the margins, maybe 
slightly above, which you had in the entire FY '24? Or do you see it more as the 
first task is to get the LFL back and, therefore, more investments that you need 
either to get dine-in back or advertising will do it, and therefore, margin recovery is 
not like the primary objective at this stage? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
No. I think as business leaders, we can't say that margin recovery is not a priority. 
We have to do both, right? Actually, the beauty of our business is, if you get top-
line expansion, bottom line actually flows in as a large fixed cost business. Second 
is, there is no better way of driving this than driving like-for-like growth. Now we are 
seeing it in one large part of our business – Delivery channel - and at some 
investment. We are recovering part of that investment in packaging charges. Part 
of it will be recovered as the new customer growth that we are seeing, they start 
coming back and eating more times. We are seeing the repeat rates howsoever 
small it may be for a month improving actually. 
 
So I'm confident that we should not look at this only for one quarter or so. It has a 
big compounding impact. Equally, I'm very focused on improving margin by 
reducing cost across all line items. At about 2.5% to 3% LFL on consistent basis, 
our margins should be closer to 21% Op. EBITDA.  
Arnab Mitra: 
That's very helpful. And my second question was just I wanted to understand this 
new metric that you've given on new customer acquisition. Is this a Y-o-Y metric? 
Is this basically the number of new customers this quarter versus a year back? And 
just looking at your MAU number, it looks like flat on a Y-o-Y basis, so just wanted 
to tie up this growth with the MAU kind of remaining smaller? 

24 
 
 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think, I mentioned this three quarters ago also that we had shut down a few 
channels of where the quality of customers were -- I think this happened three 
quarters ago, if I'm not mistaken. Therefore, you see a blip and then you start 
seeing the number going up. That's the only reason. So I would rather say, please 
look at quarter-on-quarter, that's a more -- year-on-year is not the right metric at a 
large channel that we felt that was inefficient. We moved away from it. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Sir, just one clarification. This new customer acquisition is people who are ordering 
through your app? Or does it include those coming from aggregators for which you 
would also... 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Across all channels, dine-in, our app and aggregators. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Sameer, openly, there are two congratulations. One is that whatever you've done, 
the work has started showing positive LFL. So positive momentum has started. 
Second, congratulations on the DP Eurasia acquisition. I think systematically 
steadily you have done this. Coming back to India business. I think primarily, my 
question was on Slide 23, where you have given this MAU and other numbers. So 
partly you've answered. But what does it take -- I mean, in your understanding 
qualitatively, is the IHOP communication or maybe the menu innovation, because 
clearly I see that there are a lot of changes into the price points and innovation we 
have brought in. So maybe qualitatively, if you can say that what has worked, what 
has not worked, and obviously, innovation is a continuous process. But I was more 
interested looking at how this MAU number will move over next one year? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So Shirishji, firstly, thank you. I think the question is a good one, in my opinion, that 
how do you drive a faster pace of growth in an environment which continues to be 
demand constrained. So in such an environment, what at least in my learning for 
the last 19 months have been value works like magic, and delivery excellence and 
our operations excellence drives repeat. 
 
So if I just cut the noise, if you focus on these two, it works. The marketing job to 
be done is to be present in large $50 billion market while growing the pizza 
category. So that's kind of the crux of how I see this, right? Then there is a 
premiumization happening. So therefore, we launched gourmet pizza and on the 
value end I hope you know we did launch INR 99 four-course meal from 11 a.m. to 
3:00 p.m. during lunch hours as a dine-in only proposition. It's about a month old. 
And therefore, we are seeing traction in the lunch hours. So at this stage, the job 

25 
 
 
of a market leader like us is to grow the penetration, grow the category, get new 
customers, grow volumetrically and gain share. 
 
If that is happening, I think you are building a very stable, high-quality business. 
And if the demand were to even go from negative to benign, we will grow very 
rapidly. So that's what we are preparing. At the same time, we have to tighten our 
belt count every penny and now make sure the margins expand and we generate 
higher cash. So these are the priorities I say for the business, specifically to drive 
consumer's value, delivery excellence and product innovation,. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Exactly. Because in your outlook, you said that volumetric growth. So obviously, 
reimaging the stores will create that experience. But I think are you confident that 
these initiatives will be able to drive that kind of volumetric growth you have in 
mind? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. It does give us the encouragement that this is working. And the new customer 
growth rate is also telling us that this is actually something that we should double 
down. Having said that, like this is not the only thing we will do, right? We'll not rest 
from here, in fact, is giving the team to could look at the second wave, third wave, 
fourth wave of driving growth. So volumetric growth is not only being in delivery, 
we are also beginning to see it in dine-in. So again, we have enough initiatives to 
make sure that we stay ahead of the demand environment. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. My next question is on Slide 33, you have given something about Popeyes. 
Now we -- obviously, now gearing up and our scale will improve. But give us some 
qualitative information, what is the ADS, what is the system sales or maybe LFL or 
maybe what is the contribution? And more importantly, what contribution we are 
getting from delivery or maybe this is primarily driven by the timing something more 
qualitative in terms of numbers. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I understand the ask over here, allow us to get to 100 stores I think that's what 
the marker that we are chasing internally. I want to make the team focused on 
execution. And ADS has to stabilize, right? I mean there are stores, if you visit the 
stores, like there is a line outside, right, and then it stabilizes. So no point 
comparing the ADSs at this stage. I think the one of the couple of things I do want 
to call out, we also launched with our own app and own delivery, very similar to 
Domino's playbook. You're right, dine-in is a bigger component at this stage 
because the marketing efforts are first done to I should know the brand, which 
means what is Popeyes? What is Cajun? What is Louisiana. what is New Orleans 
chicken? So best experience when customers come into the store. So my 

26 
 
 
framework for growing Popeyes is know me, like me and love me. So we are still 
in the stage of knowing the brand what it is, what is the mystique around Cajun 
Flavors. So that, we believe, is happening very well. 
 
Delivery and all these channels will continue to grow, and there is huge, again, 
headroom to grow, and we are partnering well with these aggregators also over 
there. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And just last request, maybe now we are consolidating the DP Eurasia 
number. Maybe if you can give one slide what is the comps for DP Eurasia, that 
will be helpful for us for modelling it in? 
Lakshya Sharma: 
Shirish, we have already given you two months numbers of Revenue, operating 
EBITDA and PAT. So let us discuss this offline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vicky Punjabi from UTI Mutual Fund. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
I mean, while our understanding on giving a details on Popeyes, So what is giving 
the company the confidence that, I mean, that the format is working well, and you 
have -- I mean expanding at such a fast pace, the historical experience of Dunkin 
going fast aggressive and then closing down stores would not get repeated. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think two separate questions to me, right? I mean the past through which we 
learned, should not colour our ambition for the future. That's a little bit of a 
philosophical answer to your question. But specifically, five things are working for 
– Number one, the food and the customer feedback we are getting. The food 
satisfaction, product satisfactions are among the highest in the world. Second 
we've built a supply chain where through our unique commissary model, logistics 
model, we are very confident about the unit economics at an order level, Number 
two. Number three, with the launch of our first store, we launched our own app and 
delivery. Number four, the world over, because of its good taste and sandwich. In 
fact, this is in U.S. and many other geographies, Popeyes is like among the most 
preferred brands. So I think that's also due to global learning. 
 
Number five, see we got this brand about a couple of years ago from U.S. with the 
U.S. playbook, right, in terms of the kitchen sizes, how to manage the space 
requirement. We have taken some learning from the first 30 stores to fine-tune that 
and partnered with our global teams to make an India-centric model. 
 
So all of that work we believe is behind us, and that is giving us the required 
confidence. So we have to learn to walk before we can actually run and that's what 

27 
 
 
we have done in the last couple of years. So that's giving the confidence. Its the 
experience which is telling us, gross margins are improving. ADSs are improving, 
customer feedback is improving, our capex is coming down. So these are the 
markets that we look at, which are true financial metrics. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Okay. Sure. And just last one. I don't think we can generate free cash flow and 
there has been a capex now that you are investing behind scaling up Popeyes and 
then there is leverage on the books. How are we looking at free cash flow 
generation going forward in capex in that context? 
Suman Hegde: 
So you're absolutely right, given that and we also know that we have now debt on 
our books. I think what we are looking at predominantly is at an India level and the 
group level, of course, we have the acquisition loan also taken. As long as the 
return on investment coming through, we are going to continue investing. 
So we have investment going behind our commissaries, we have investment going 
behind our stores, generating more return from that investment is, of course key to 
also support the margin recovery that we think about. At least for the next couple 
of years, this will be a high capex model as we continue to expand our network, 
both in India and across other countries within the geographies that we manage. 
So at least for the next year, you won't see net of capex, you won't see any cash 
flow generation coming through, yes. 
 
And Turkey, whatever loans were taken, I think this came up in the Turkey 
conversation when we had the initial call in February on saying, how will that loan 
be serviced? Turkey does generate cash as stand-alone as a business. And it's 
also they will be servicing the debt that they have on their books by the end of the 
year. So we will be getting that cash also as dividends to service the loan that has 
been taken on the DP Eurasia acquisition. 
 
The Turkey business generates free cash flow that will be going towards taking off 
the servicing of the loan, taken on the DPU acquisition. India, there will be at least 
a couple more years of high capex expansion across the business, given the 
returns that we want to generate and headroom we see for growth across the 
emerging brands and the Domino's business. So I think it will take a couple more 
years before we generate that free cash flow in India. 
Vicky Punjabi: 
Sure. And so the increase in leverage, I mean, do we have any markers of where 
we are comfortable with in terms of leverage? 

28 
 
 
Suman Hegde: 
Currently, a India business has ~0.4 leverage. I think it’s a comfortable leverage in 
a growth market like India. We're not uncomfortable about it. I think the key metric 
for us is, what are we seeing what our operating EBITDA pre Ind AS is if they're 
growing at a healthy pace? And like I think there was an earlier question which 
came in saying, do you see further deterioration. We don't see further deterioration 
in margins. As growth comes back in, we will get the operating leverage to kick in. 
And the key thing that you should be really asking is, are we generating more 
earnings. And in a high-growth market, I think that's going to be the standard, which 
even from internally within the business, I track or saying what's the growth coming 
through? And for the investment that we're putting in, what is the earnings that the 
business is generating? And if then you want to exist with a 0.3 to 0.5 debt-to-
EBITDA ratio, I think it's fairly healthy in this market environment. There's no harm 
in having some debt in your books as long as the return is more than the interest 
cost that you're bearing on the same. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now take the last question for today from the line of 
Percy from IIFL. 
Percy: 
A couple of questions from my side. I just wanted to understand, firstly, what kind 
of margin impact do we build in for FY '25 on account of ramp-up of Popeyes or a 
Hong's since these formats might be sort of marginally loss-making or just about a 
very low margin? What would be the sort of blended average impact on the 
company margins on account of the ramp-up of these two formats? That is my first 
question. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
A little early to comment about it. I think like I said, I don't think margin dilution 
should happen further, at least from this point on. I think that's the only thing I can 
say at this point. We'll do the right thing, right, from a growth perspective, 
investment perspective, we are maniacally focused on return on investment and 
payback period. So those financial discipline, we will not lose. 
Percy: 
Just a clarification, when you say from this point on there won't be dilution, are you 
talking about Q4 level or full year FY '24 levels? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Q4 level, I was just saying, like it was impacted on account of headwind because 
of free delivery. I think we will be able to recover some and we'll be able to optimize. 
That's what I was referring to, and I mentioned earlier also, specifically on account 
of Popeyes is very hard to say at this stage. 

29 
 
 
Percy: 
Secondly, on the Domino's format only if I talk about, what kind of LFL do you need 
in order to maintain margins at a flat FY '24 level in the next year? Like is it possible 
at a 3% LFL or you need a 5% LFL to maintain a flat margin? What is the math 
here? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I think 3% LFL with 21% Op. EBITDA is the broad math, and that's the number 
that I actually asked the teams to deliver and it's possible. 
Percy: 
Right. And last question is, as per my estimate given on whatever data you've given 
your dine-in SSSG this quarter would have declined somewhere in the region of 
15% Y-o-Y. So that's a really huge decline. I can understand that you want to focus 
more on delivery and not so much on dine-in and therefore, if it's a 3%, 5% kind of 
decline, it's understandable. But 15% decline in this kind of a channel, what really 
explains that? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
No, it is not 15%, but 10% That's also large, right? I mean, I think that's the point 
that you are making. So I think it is natural if you provide such heavy ammunition 
to one channel, which has inherent structural tailwinds where dine-in takeaway is 
moving to delivery. So you're fuelling a higher growth channel. So we are capturing 
that. So firstly, let's capture the growth. Now we are taking several steps. So 
therefore, I said earlier, we debated this four to five months to capture where the 
losses are. While we launched free delivery, we also launched a few other 
initiatives to arrest the decline in dine-in. So those are also under work. I'm not too 
worried about it, by the way on that. But firstly, get the growth of us, no matter 
which channel it comes from. Second is look at further leakage points. That's what 
we are doing and arrest it. 
Percy: 
Correct me, if I'm wrong, Sameer, basically, if as long as there is vacant capacity 
in your restaurants, and a customer comes and dines-in there, the incremental 
profit that you get from that kind of a transaction would be much more than a 
delivery transaction, right? Because I can understand if your capacities -- I mean if 
your restaurant is running at capacity and then you have to do dine-in and you have 
to increase seating, etc. But here, there is a huge fixed cost leverage you get if you 
just fill in one vacant spot in your restaurant. And I'm sure your restaurants are not 
at capacity, right? 
Lakshya Sharma: 
No. Percy, please understand. We have first waived off the delivery fee in Tier two-
four where any way the overall delivery contribution is low. So we are trying to get 
the positive operating leverage back, and that's what Sameer, sir, is also trying to 
highlight. Next our store model is also very efficient.  You understand that our cash 

30 
 
 
to cash payback is 2.5 years as we operate - ~1,100 square feet - a high-through-
put lean-store model. And therefore, if dine-in traffic is not coming on account of 
external demand headwinds, we have taken an initiative to grow alternate channel 
which is delivery business. However, on account of multiple internal initiatives, 
which we will call out in the subsequent quarters, even the dine-in decline would 
be arrested in the future. So we are more happy with 68% of the business which is 
delivery and is growing at 7.8% LFL rather than decline in dine-in LFL. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I think it is important. Our stores are efficient. Like you know, we have 1,200 
about there about average square feet average store size. So of course, we want 
to grow in dine-in, we want to grow in delivery, right? So that remains and we're 
not shying away from doing this. Wherever the structural tailwinds are there, it's 
important to capture those. 
Percy Panthaki 
Got it sir. That’s all from me. Thank-you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for any closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
No, thank you so much, and we extended a bit, but we also, this quarter, changed 
the format. I look forward to engaging with you. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jubilant FoodWorks Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
