 
IRCON/SECY/STEX/124                                                                                    Dated: 29th May, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept./ Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग / कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग 
पी. जे. टावसŊ,   
दलाल ːŌीट, 
मुंबई– 400001 
Scrip code / ID: 541956 / IRCON 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/I, G Block 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400051 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड
िलİːंग िवभाग 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, ɘॉट नं सी / आई, जी ɰॉक, 
बांūा-कुलाŊ कॉ̱ ɘेƛ,  
बांūा (पूवŊ) मुंबई-400051 
Scrip Code: IRCON 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Conference Call for Q4FY2024 held on Wednesday, 22nd May, 2024/ 
बुधवार, 22 मई, 2024 को आयोिजत Q4FY2024 के िलए कॉ̢ ůŐ स कॉल की Ůितलेख 
Dear Sir/ Madam, महोदय/ महोदया, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 16th May, 2024, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Conference Call held on Wednesday, 22nd May, 2024 to discuss the financial results 
of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2024. 
 
In accordance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Conference Call is also available on the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.ircon.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=226&Itemid=643&lang=en 
which can be accessed through below mentioned path: 
 
www.ircon.org>> Investor Relations>> Presentation and Earning Calls>> Transcript of the 
Conference Call held on 22nd May, 2024 for financial results for the quarter and financial year ended 
on 31st March, 2024. 
 
कृपया उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर लŐ।  
धɊवाद, 
भवदीय,  
 
 
 
(अंिकत जैन)/ (Ankit Jain) 
अनुपालन अिधकारी/ Compliance Officer  
सद˟ता Ţ./ Membership No.: A35053
ANKIT JAIN 
2024.05.29 10:16:39 +05'30'

 
“Ircon International Limited 
Q4 FY'24 Analyst Conference Call” 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Ircon international limited 
 
 
Mrs. Ragini Advani  
– Director Finance 
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury   – CGM Finance  
    

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Steve, the moderator for this 
conference call. I thank everyone for joining us today for the Ircon 
International Limited Q4 and FY24 Analyst Conference Call. Please note 
that this conference call is being recorded. At this moment, all participants 
are in the listen only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer 
session. At that time, if you have a question, please press ‘*’ and ‘1’ on 
your telephone keypad. Today we have with us the senior management 
represented by Smt. Ragini Advani - Finance Director, Shri Alin Roy 
Choudhury - CGM Finance.  
I would like to remind you that some of the statements that will be made 
in the in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature. It is subject 
to several risks and uncertainties and the actual result could material 
differ. I would now like to hand the conference over to Smt. Ragini Advani 
- Finance director for the opening remarks, after which we will have the 
form open for interactive Q&A session. Thank you and over to you 
ma'am.  
  
Ragini Advani:  
Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Ragini Advani, 
Director Finance, Ircon. On behalf of my team, I extend a warm welcome 
to all of you and thank you for your presence today in the earnings call for 
Q4 as well as year ended 31st March 2024. I have along with me, my 
team members, Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury - CGM Finance and Mr. Sachin 
Garg - DGM Finance. As you would all have seen the results this year, 
FY24 has been an exceptional year for Ircon. The company has been 
upgraded to Navratna by DPE and this is a prestigious status that's been 
granted to us because of our strong financial performance, efficiency and 
credibility.  
 
Additionally, Ircon has reported once again in FY23-24 highest ever 
Turnover and PAT. This achievement underscores the company's robust 
growth and the successful execution of the projects. We extend our 
heartfelt gratitude to all the stakeholders for their continuous and 
unwavering support. Financial results as well as the investor presentation 
has already been uploaded. I'm sure all of you have had the opportunity 
to review these documents.  
 
Just to summarize our financial performance, the company has reported 
total revenue of rupees 12,871 crores in FY24, almost up by 20% as 
compared to rupees 10,750 crore for the same period last year. PAT has 
also increased by about 21.5% at a level of 930 crores as compared to 
rupees 765 crore in the last year. Earnings per share have 
correspondingly gone up to rupees 9.88 per equity share in FY24, these 
are the rupees 8.14 in FY23 and this is on a face value of rupees two per 
share.  
 
The Board of Directors have recommended a final dividend of rupees 
1.30 per equity share, thereby bringing the overall dividend for this year to 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
rupees 3.10 per equity share. This is of course, subject to approval of 
shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting. Order book of the 
company currently stands as at 31st March 2024 at rupees 27,208 crores. 
The mix between competitive bidding and nomination and order is almost 
50-50 and between Domestic and International is about 91-9. Ircon has 
11 subsidiaries, mainly SPV and this is in renewable power, roads. 
highways. Ircon has seven joint venture companies, mainly for coal 
connectivity.  
Without taking much time I would. Like to open the floor for Q&A session.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Tushar Rangate from 
Kamakhya Wealth Management. Please go ahead.  
 
Tushar Rangate:  
Thank you for the opportunity, ma'am. I just wanted to know the high-
speed railway network is what percentage of our order book and how do 
you see that panning out in next two to three years? Because I could see 
we have our experience in the blast less track line segment. Just wanted 
to know your views and the order book position going forward.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
So, it roughly is about 5200 crores. The order value of the bullet train 
project, so it would be about 19 to 20% of our order book. And in terms of 
going forward, our honorable Prime Minister has announced a particular 
stretch to be opened in 25-26, then another one and 26-27 and the full 
connectivity will be a year after that so we are accordingly working for 
those timelines.  
 
Tushar Rangate: 
And what sort of order book you're foreseeing, ma'am, for FY25 overall? 
 
Ragini Advani:  
You know, I mean in FY23-24, we've had order book increase which was 
quite nominal close to about 1000 crores only from new projects and the 
balance from some increases that we had in our existing projects so 
taking this forward, while we will again target to get order books increase 
to the extent of revenue that we do in this current year or maybe a little 
more. But a lot will depend on the number of bids which are coming out, 
the tenders which are coming out. First quarter there has been the 
slowdown because of the election and I think we'll be in a better position 
to give you this answer in our results of June quarter.  
 
Tushar Rangate: 
My last question, are we holding your earlier guidance of 15 to 20% 
CAGR growth for two to three-years?  
 
Ragini Advani:  
No, no, no. So, what I had said was that we will try getting over a period 
of four to five years at double of our turnover and currently we've done 
quite well, from 10,000 we've moved on to 12,000 plus crores. In fact, 
almost close to 13,000. So, on a year-on-year basis, it may not be every 
year a growth of about 10 to 20% we do see next year depending on of 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
course it will depend also on the orders that we procure this year, but we 
kind of see a flattish growth going forward for the next financial year.  
 
Tushar Rangate: 
 OK, ma'am. Last question, ma'am, what are our initiatives to increase our 
margin?  
.  
Ragini Advani: 
So, we've always maintained that our margins are quite good vis-a-vis be 
the industry and we will continue to maintain the margins. Increased 
margins will be difficult because competition is immense and so also 
there is a lot of pressure on margins. We've had fabulous margins this 
year, which have been in fact on the higher side of the spectrum that 
we've always stated to our investors. And going forward, we will maintain 
the margins. We may not be able to increase them, PAT margins would 
continue to be in the level of 7 to 7.5%.  
 
Tushar Rangate: 
 That was helpful. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead.  
 
Shreyans Mehta:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. Ma'am, this quarter if you see the margins, we on a standalone 
basis, we are closer to say 7 odd percent. So, can we replicate the same 
going forward, or are there any one offs during the quarter?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, in this quarter, we had a one-off income against an arbitration 
settlement or in fact a settlement in international court. This was in 
regards of our South Africa project and that's been partially offsetted by 
certain provisions that we created this year. On the whole, that has given 
margins which are higher than the other 3 quarters in the 4th quarter but 
having said that, overall, as we've been maintaining, we should be able to 
maintain PAT margins in level of about 7 to 7 and a 1/2% going forward.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, got it, got it. Sure. Secondly, ma'am, you know, in the previous 
calls, we were talking about order inflow, you know, large ticket size 
projects which were put on hold. So are we seeing, you know, there's 
some improvement out there and if you could, you know, name a few 
projects where we are expecting you know next year we could bag or you 
know we where we have bided for some projects.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, I may not be able to name them, but they are pretty much in 
the pipeline. It just so happens that domestic and you know some of the 
big projects that we were targeting in domestic market, the decisions are 
delayed because of the elections that come in and we hope to be one of 
the players to get some part of it at least, but we will only know it later. 
And yes, our business development team along with the management is 
looking for all kind of bids that we can do both in domestic as well as 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
international markets. We put in a lot of efforts last year also and we'll 
continue to do those efforts. Unfortunately, last year we could not see the 
results but we are hopeful that after the June quarter, we should be able 
to see some good results and we'll be sharing it with you then.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, got it, got it. Sure. secondly, ma'am, you know, I mean, if you see 
our orderbook, we have an orderbook closer to, say 40,000 odd crores 
and given the average execution, you know, we'll be able to do it say 
closer to 14,000 odd crores. So, I mean just to the previous participant, 
you said you know probably will be ending flattish, so are there any? No 
moving projects or are we being very conservative on the execution 
front?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, so you know, the 27,000 crore order book of mine, these are 
construction projects. It includes a bullet train project then it includes a 
tough terrain Myanmar project as well as a tough terrain Sivok project that 
we have. So, all these projects were never ever meant to be completed in 
two years. So, these were supposed to be a four-to-five-year horizon in 
which these were supposed to be created and therefore I have 
maintained that we will have a flattish number of turnover next year and 
this will continue for period beyond two years.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Because, ma'am, you know, my point was, you know, that majority of the 
projects are at advance stage. It's not, you know, we've just started work. 
So, if you take DFCC.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
 In, in our case, Myanmar and Bullet train is still at a nascent stage or I 
would say the 1st 25% stage.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
OK, OK. OK, got it.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So those will spill over after next two years.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. And then last two questions from my side. One, in terms of 
investments, which we've done in our SPVs till date and how much needs 
to be invested and 2nd in terms of solar project, what's the status and 
how much have you invested?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Could you repeat your question please?  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
One you know till date how much investments we have done in our roads, 
mining SPVs? And second question is the status of the Solar Power 
project which you know we have in terms of EPC. So, where what's the 
construction status and how much equity we have included in that 
project?  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So first coming to the solar project, we have already infused equity 
of about 112 crore odd. And we will be infusing funds to the extent of 
another 89 crores in this current year.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma'am, this is totally our share, right?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah, this is totally our share. OK. And in terms of the project itself, well, 
there is land acquisition which is happening and apart from that, we have 
already tied up all our contractors in terms of the procurements that we 
have to do including for supply of solar module. The tariff and the PP is 
already fixed and a part of the commissioning would happen in this year 
and the balance in next year.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, got it. Got it. Sure, ma'am. And in terms of investments which 
we've done till date in all our SPV's and how much do we have to invest 
in next day one or two years?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Cumulative investments in the range of 2000 to 2200 crores is what we've 
done right now in all our SPVs joint ventures as well as Subsidiaries and 
we have to do another 1000 crores in the next two years.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Next two years? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
1000 to 1100 crores, yeah.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And majority would be towards the coal connectivity projects or you know 
that's largely done? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
No, no, no. So even in coal connectivity there is some amount that we 
have to done, but majority would be in the road projects. And we expect 
that the outflow in this year's FY24-25 towards all these projects should 
be in the range of 500 crores.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
500 crores. Sure, sure. Ma'am, I have a couple of more questions. I'll join 
in the queue. Thank you.  
 
Moderatot:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joydeb Debnath from 
Microsec Wealth Management. Please go ahead.  
 
Joydeb Debnath:  
Yeah. Good afternoon, ma'am. My one, my first question is in the recent 
quarter, we will notice on the loss of around 14 crores from the associate. 
So, could you please tell me from which associate this loss was booked 
and may we expect this similar loss in the coming quarter or this is a one 
time?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Which loss are you mentioning about? Sorry, I couldn't hear you properly.  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Joydeb Debnath:  
The share of profit of joint ventures of around 13.67 crore.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, in our joint ventures, as I stated last year also, one of our coal 
connectivity projects, CERL, it is running into losses. Last year the losses 
were about 30 crores and this year the loss has been about 25 crores. 
And it will continue losses for another year to two years. It is still actually 
a particular per line has to be still set up, which we are in the process of 
doing. And also, the traffic from this line will pick up over a period of two 
years and it's only after two years that this will break even so another two 
years, we expect this loss to be taken, but on the overall the project is 
doing fine, the viability is there and therefore as promoters, we will have 
to continue incurring this loss for another two years. That's the only one, 
otherwise all other projects of ours are doing well.  
 
Joydeb Debnath: 
OK. OK. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
 The next question is from the line of Shubham Shelar from IDBI Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Shubham Shelar:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. One, you mentioned 
there had been arbitration claim that has positively impacted our margin. 
Can you mention the quantum of this amount?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Overall, Quantum was 97 crores. The impact in my P&L is about 66 
crores.  
 
Shubham Shelar:  
And this 97, is it mean anything booked in other income also? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah, partly. About 22 crores is booked in other income.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
OK, so 22 crores booked in other income and 97 - 22 which is roughly 75 
odd crores, is part of your revenue?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
66 - 22, the 97 versus 66 was already sitting as part of retention money 
and OCI. So, what has affected my P&L overall is 66 out of the 66, 22 is 
in other income and 44 is in my project revenue versus expense. The 
overall margin, the operational margin.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
Got it. And this clarification, this high speed you mentioned amount is 
5200 odd crores and so which means nothing has started as of now, 
right? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
No, no, no. So, we've had, we've done about, I think 1000 crores till now.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
OK. Yeah. Sure. And then coming to our own cash and the books will be 
how much?  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Our own cash is in the range of 800 Crores to 825 crores.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
And in terms of what tax rate, can we expect that 25% for 25 and 26 going 
ahead?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, yes, we can. In fact, this year also it's been 25. Last year it was low 
because of some taxation benefits that we got last year. Otherwise, it 
should be in the range of 25% only.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
OK. And then this revenue contribution of flattish number, this is based on 
the current order that we have in terms of delivery schedule, anything that 
we get in terms of insurance. So that will positively. 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. For which we will be sharing numbers with you as 
soon as we also get to know.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
Right, right, right. And then you did mention like, BD team is working on 
getting orders and can you just maybe will this be possible to give some 
bit more color in terms of which sectors we are seeing opportunity again 
the same thing which we asked is any bit pipeline or opportunity that we 
have bided or? And that will help us to understand.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, one, I mean, as you all are aware, we got a 600-crore job up to March 
in Railways itself and we've got another one of 1198 crores again in 
railway segment itself and apart from these two, we are expecting some 
bids to be opened now both in roads and highways as well as in railways. 
Obviously, the target number that we bided is very high, whether in terms 
of quantum of bids or the value. But because the competition is immense, 
and also there's been some delay in some of these, you know, decisions. 
Therefore, I think it will be better if we are all patient and we go with the 
numbers that we actually win.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
OK. But just if one has to understand is it the awarding opportunity for the 
sectors that we cater, so that has been lower in FY24 and that has also 
impacted our win that include or you are saying the competition is higher, 
so which way one should ideally look at? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Both because you know in Ircon, as I mentioned that there is a particular 
size or scale of projects that we would like to do and also, we would like 
to do projects which have tunnels or some complexity involved because 
there are a lot of small-time players, one-time players who are coming 
and competing and they are under quoting in the market. And especially 
for small ticket jobs, we found that, you know, I'm talking of a range of 50 
to 100 crores or below that. It is becoming extremely tough to even look 
at that segment. So, considering all of these, the opportunities that have 
come up in our segment or the target that we're looking at has been 
limited last year and also within the segment, the competition has been 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
immense, but we are hopeful of getting some of the jobs and we should 
be able to share some positive news very soon.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
Sure, sure. Maybe one last question. In terms of high speed though, we 
have one order with us, in terms of opportunity because I know it's more 
of a media report that we keep on getting a number of projects being lined 
up, but any bids probably like, you know tenders that getting invited in 
advanced stage any color that you can share. Because lot of names keep 
on coming between 2 cities and all.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
I also believe that after us, there is an opportunity that came and that's 
gone to AFCON. But in terms of focus, of course this Ahmedabad-
Mumbai Bullet project once it is commissioned for which I think that 
should be the target now going forward because it is one of our 
prestigious projects from a country’s point of view. So, once it starts 
giving us results in terms of actually doing it, executing it over a period of 
time, then we are fairly confident because as of now the credentials lie 
with us and L&T. So, we are fairly confident that this should from a mid to 
long term perspective there should be more such projects coming up and 
given our credentials we should be able to get some sizeable business 
going forward.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
OK. And 5200 odd crore in high speed that is fully like 100% is our 
share?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, yes, I'm talking only about our order book.  
 
Shubham Shelar: 
Yeah. Thank you for answering the question.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Wealth 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Can you explain the margin difference between bidding project and 
nomination project? For that, what is the margin difference and what is 
the ballpark margin in both?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
You know, I think we've discussed this earlier in earlier calls as well. The 
margin difference tends to be about half a percent here and there 
depending upon the complexity of the job, the size of the job between the 
nomination versus bidding as a very ballpark number. And in terms of 
what our margins will be, I have been saying that we'll be continuing to 
maintain our margins which will be in the range of 7 to 7 1/2 PAT margins 
and core margin EBITDA margins in the range of about 7 1/2 to 8 1/2 
percent. So that is something which we are doing knowing very well that 
going forward, it will all be competition only.  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Raj Shah: 
OK. OK, thank you and one more question was can you explain the cash 
conversion cycle of the company, whenever the project is awarded or 
when you will bid for any nomination, how much percent of the award is 
come to cheque in the balance sheet, and how is this accounted?  
 
Ragini Advani:  
So, the you know, in our case, because it's heavy construction job that we 
do, so whether it is nomination or whether it is competition, there are 
advances which tend to sit in our books. There's initially a mobilization 
advance, then there is an advance against material and typically we 
would say that as such, the working capital which is involved in 
completing the project has been very limited till now for Ircon. Going 
forward, we could have some increase in our working capital requirement 
because in nomination jobs, the advance tends to be substantial. It is 
almost like a deposit work, but it would be a working capital which we 
should be able to manage. I don't see funding requirement towards 
working capital from banks for the next few years.  
 
Raj Shah: 
 
OK. Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiren, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Hiren:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a small bookkeeping question. Is 
your tax rate seems to have jumped up, you know, during this quarter, if 
you compare it on a year on year basis, just wanted some clarification 
and what would be the tax rate going forward for the whole year?  
 
Ragini Advani:  
So, going forward, the tax rates would be in the range of 25 percent and 
yes, there has been some shift in our tax rate during the quarter Q4 or for 
that matter, if one was to compare year on year from last year. That's 
been because of some deferred tax and fees as well as a one-time tax 
refund that we had last year. And that's an adjustment entry that we've 
done. It's a non cash book entry also in defer tax, which we've done and 
going forward it will be around 25%.  
 
Hiren:   
 
OK. Thank you.  
  
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead.  
  
Shreyans Mehta:  
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Ma'am, first question is, you know that 
we are seeing a lot of deals as far as HAM projects are concerned at 
substantial premium. So, any thought process to monetize, I know we'll 
have to go through you know several rounds to reform, etc. But what we 
plan out there. Do we intend to hold those or, you know there is a 
structure where we will be able to monetize those? 
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani:  
So, as I had stated earlier in my calls, we had taken baby steps towards 
asset monetization. We had hired a consultant who would tell us what 
would be the best way to take it forward, after which we've had a board 
meeting on it as well and in principle decision to monetize the assets 
which are already operational. And road and highway sector has been 
taken. This is an Ircon board, but as you rightly pointed out, after that it 
has to go through several rounds of approval at Government of India 
level. So currently that approval we have sought from our parent ministry, 
Ministry of Railways, the papers are with them. We are hopeful of getting 
their approval very soon and then we will be moving it further on to 
DIPAM and Niti Aayog depending upon how much time they take. We are 
quite focused to take this forward.  
 
Shreyans Mehta:  
But if the intent is to sell it rather than holding to it? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure. And similarly for the coal connectivity projects, can we monetize 
those as well or we'll have to hold on to those? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, coal connectivity projects, we haven't yet thought on that direction 
because we happen to be a minority partner. The majority partner is a 
Coal India subsidiary, whichever it is, southeastern coalfields or central 
coalfields and if at all we do plan at some stage, it may not be into the 
market because I don't think coal companies would like to monetize it, in 
which case it could be a Intersale, promoter sale or something that may 
happen, but this is not any charge immediately because as of now all my 
projects are either in fact, end of construction or just about commercial 
but with losses so there is no point looking at monetization at this 
stage. These made for coal projects to be stable.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, got it, got it. Sure. Sure. And secondly ma’am, in terms of you 
know in the previous calls we've been indicating, you know, that a couple 
of our coal SPVs would be up and running in say in next one or two 
years. So how should one look at the JV share of profit?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, as I mentioned, you know one of our coal JV's which is Chhattisgarh 
CERL. Unfortunately, they've been running into losses. There are couple 
of factors, one of course the major per line is still under construction. The 
losses will get reduced, but we will still have losses from them for next 
two years. Meanwhile, our other products, which is MCRL, CERL, 
CEWRL and one JCRL, those should start giving us profit, but again they 
are under construction, so the coal profit from coal JV should essentially 
be coming after two years.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
OK. OK.  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, because they take time to stabilize. Ultimately my revenue there is 
coming from the coal traffic so even when I construct it is not that from the 
very next day, I get full traffic. So that takes about two to three years to 
stabilize.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, got it, got it. Sure. And ma’am, one last question, our competitor is 
actually entering into the manufacturing field to be precise, Vande Bharat 
Manufacturing. So, are we looking at any sort of JV's or you know tie ups 
where we can, you know actually enter that segment or any other 
segment you know which is the upcoming segment?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, you know Ircon has had its fair share of diversification into roads, 
highways and now renewable, and we are fairly confident of the areas we 
have already diversified and we are making good profits in our Road 
projects, solar also we hope to do that, in terms of construction or 
activities, we are fairly confident, In terms of manufacturing, that's a 
completely new line for us. And as far as Vande Bharat is concerned, 
that's an area which we've looked at. It's a very, very long liability that is 
associated with it which I don't think as Ircon we are ready to take it at this 
stage. So, we will continue to aspire to diversify into more areas. But it 
may not be manufacturing of Vande Bharat trains.  
 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it, got it. Got it, Shannon. Thank you, and., All the best.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Gaurika Nair from Avendus Park. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Gaurika Nair:  
Hi. First of all, if you could help me with the inflow of the order book for 
FY24?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, for FY24, I had an inflow close to 1000 crore from new 
projects, this included 630 crores for a Aizwal tunnel project that we have 
and then there is about 120 crores for a signaling project that we've got in 
Imphal and the balance is somewhat in smaller projects. So that is what 
I've got for my new projects and I have an overall order book for 27,200 
crores currently. So, there has been some increase in my existing 
projects also roughly to the tune of about 2000 odd crores.  
 
Gaurika Nair: 
Okay, that is my first question. Next is if you could tell me a bit about the 
EBITDA for this year the future that you expect in FY25-26? 
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, EBITDA margin on a consolidated basis is about 11.73% and going 
forward, which will be in the range of 10 to 11%. Has been exceptional as 
I've already mentioned because of some of our yeah, one being, of 
course, the South Africa income that we got.  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Gaurika Nair: 
Also, could you tell me the same things for your revenue growth and your 
revenue this year and the future?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, for the revenue for the next year, I said would maintain the at 
flattish level, which means it will be in the range which is similar to this 
year. And going forward, a lot will depend on the orders that I procured 
this year. I hope, it's a wishful thinking, we are working towards it, but in 
our industry, it is difficult to say till we get it. But if I get orders of another 
10 to 15,000 crores, then a year after this we should be seeing about 
10% growth in my turnover. But it is something which is dependent on the 
orders that I get this year. So as of now, it is flattish growth for the next 
one year.  
 
Gaurika Nair:  
OK. Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator:  
 The next question is from the line of Darshil Javeri from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Darshil Javeri:  
Hello. Good evening, ma'am. Thank you so much for taking my question. 
Most of my questions have been answered. So just wanted to ask, will 
our other income run rate be on the similar levels or how much impact 
would it be? So, can we expect around 500 crores or other income 
coming in every year?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, you know in 500 I mean it's been a little more than 500 this year, 
which had a portion as we mentioned of about 20-30 crores. Can you 
hear me?  
 
Darshil Javeri:  
Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah ma’am.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
OK, sorry, I thought I had broken off. So out of this, about 20-30 crores 
has come as one-off income from South Africa and another 10-15 crores 
has come from income tax refunds. So, if we, even if I was to leave that 
aside, we should be in the range of 500 crores going forward. At least for 
the next year. It will also depend how much of my surplus funds I'm 
investing or flowing back into new projects because essentially my other 
income includes a lot of my money that I earn on my FD's and mutual 
funds. So, if I start putting them into projects which I am expecting over 
the next two years. Then there would be a slight drop, but I don't see that 
for the next year at least.  
 
Darshil Javeri:  
OK. Perfect, ma'am. And with regards to our interest cost, so it would also 
be in the similar range, ma'am, that what we are seeing right now run rate 
of 40 crores of quarter well maintained or how would we see going it 
ahead because projects like we are expecting a flattish revenue. So, any 
guidance on you know how our interest would work out? 
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani: 
You're talking about our finance cost? 
 
Darshil Javeri:  
Yeah.  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah. So, per say, in Ircon, we don't have any active debt from a lending 
point of view. These are more of costs that you do because of the 
accounting entries. And also, a little bit that we pay as interest on 
advances. You know, so, this is something which will really depend on my 
size and the nature of projects that I take up. It is not the loans typically 
that we take up so finance cost in our case is very marginal and on a 
standalone basis. But if we were to look on a consolidated basis, all 
SPV's have financial closures and they have taken long term lending. The 
lending is fixed for the entire loan period and it is linked to the MCLR 
rates of the respective bank. So, unless interest rates go up in the 
economy overall, which they are not expected to go up further. We should 
be pretty much at the same levels.  
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Perfect. Well, thank you so much ma'am. All the best.  
 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
investments. Please go ahead.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
Yeah. Thank you, ma'am for the opportunity. Ma'am, I just wanted to 
know recently, India and Iran have signed this Chabahar port agreement. 
And in the past, you know, your colleagues in the past who are, you 
know, when you had run, they're quite bullish on the prospects of our 
Chabahar in terms of, you know, work coming to us or international. Is 
there any further development or you think it's too early to comment on 
that?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Yeah, I mean, I would have, I'm afraid it'll be a little early. But yeah, well, 
as of now, there is nothing that we can say. We are definitely getting 
there.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
And in terms of ground work will be ahead in terms of other people in this 
safe to assume that?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Not for Chabahar.  
 
Parimal Mithani:  
OK. OK, ma'am. Thank you. Thanks.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deep Mehta from Bank 
of India mutual funds. Please go ahead.  
 
Deep Mehta:  
Hi, ma'am. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for very 
stable numbers. My question is regarding slightly top down in nature. So, 
in terms of various segments in which we are present, what kind of 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
opportunities in terms of bidding are we seeing for this year and what kind 
of market share are we planning to take in terms of Bid wins?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
So, you know, in our case, so we wouldn't talk about market share 
because market is huge in infrastructure. So, within railways, for example, 
there is a budget of 1,50,000 crores. But within that 1,50,000 crores 
roughly about 70 to 80,000 crores is more to do with Vande Bharat and 
areas where probably Ircon is not present. And then when we talk of 
another 70 to 80,000 crores, a lot gets done by railway itself and there are 
also it depends a lot on you know what kind of project sizes do they have. 
What are the projects that they're coming up with, whether they're coming 
up at a railway level or at a zonal level, which will mean smaller value? 
And also, on a lot of competition. So, on a top-down approach, the market 
is very attractive. We are poised to get more jobs. We have the right 
credentials and whatever we have built in the past, we also carry a very 
high credibility. But having said all that, all this there it is ultimately an L1 
regime and an L1 regime. as I've mentioned earlier, also the competition 
is also immense. It also depends on the complexity and the kind of 
technical qualifications that are put in a particular tender. Given all this, 
we should be able to get a good sizeable share, I'm saying as I 
mentioned in the range of 10 to 15,000 crores is what we will target 
getting this year. But having said that, it will really depend because our 
last year has not been good enough in terms of getting orders.  
 
Deep Mehta: 
 Sure, ma'am. Just one clarification, railway budget is 2.5 lakh crores, 
right?  
 
Ragini Advani: 
Sorry. Yeah, it is about two 2.5 lakh I mentioned, I think. 1.5 instead.  
 
Deep Mehta:   
Correct. So, our opportunity size should be slightly larger then? 
  
Ragini Advani: 
It is still 60-70 thousand. I mean, if you were to reduce and take out all of 
those. It basically you know about 1,35,000 is include the rolling stock 
and many other areas. So ultimately, the areas which we do, which is 
new lines, gauge conversion and doubling some bridges, all that 
combined is coming to about 60-70 thousand.  
 
Deep Mehta:  
OK. And metros, bullet train and all those will give us  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Those are over and above anyway, because it is beyond the Indian 
Railways. Yeah, so those are new again opportunities that we have to bid 
and we will continue to bid.  
 
Deep Mehta: 
 Yeah, will it possible to quantify non railway opportunity for us or those 
are too difficult?  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani:  
No, no, it will be really tough because Metro is fairly segmented in terms 
of states and it is a little difficult to quantify all of them. But if you were to 
talk very broadly at India level, then obviously once looking at an 
opportunity of infrastructure spend of, I think almost more than 10,00,000 
crores or something on a yearly basis.  
 
Deep Mehta:  
Yes, ma'am. That was very helpful. That's all from me, Thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Shah from lags 
cog investment. Please go ahead.  
 
Manoj Shah:  
Hello. Yeah. Good afternoon. Ma'am. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Yeah, you were saying that you are targeting doubling of the revenue 
from 10,000 crores to 20,000 crores over four to five years from FY23 to 
FY28, is that correct?  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Yeah, that is what I had mentioned last time.  
 
Manoj Shah:  
OK, so you have achieved 12,000 crores round about in FY24. FY26 you 
are saying it will be flat or muted top line? And then next so next 2-3 
years, you need to grow at a because over a five years year, the CAGR 
should have been 14 to 15%. Then after 26 to 28, you need to grow at a 
much higher than 14 to 15%. So, and you were also saying for the bullet 
train and Myanmar these you will have revenue additional revenue to 
even post two years so right now, you are in the initial phase of that 
project. Is that so you're saying revenue will flow from bullet Train and 
Myanmar project from FY26 onwards, is that correct?  
 
Ragini Advani:  
No, no, that is not what I meant. What I meant is this project is yet to be 
completed, so the period in which it will get completed is three to four 
years. So, the revenue will be spread over the three-to-four-year period 
and not over two-year period.  
 
Manoj Shah:  
OK, OK. You said it was thousand crores you booked the revenue so out 
of those 5000 crores, so 4000 crores still to be executed.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Yes, and it would be over a three-year period.  
 
Manoj Shah:  
OK. And you said the margins will remain in PAT margins will be in the 
range of 7 to 7 and a 1/2% and the work will be additional money will go 
into working capital FY25. 
 
Ragini Advani:  
No, I didn't say additional money. We're working capital, I said additional 
money has to go into PPP projects mainly, but should there be a working 
capital requirement, we are poised to do it internally. We will not need 
lending for it for next few years. I don’t see working capital as a challenge 
for us.  

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Manoj Shah:  
 OK. You're saying you will manage it from internal. You don't need to 
borrow it.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Yeah. And I'm also saying that it is not so much of a concern right now. 
We are well within our numbers. So, but what in fact, I need the funds is 
for my PPP projects.  
 
Manoj Shah:   
OK, OK. OK. Thank you. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Raja from HV 
Raja and Co. Please go ahead.  
 
Hitesh Raja:  
Good evening, Madam. Thanks for answering me. Thanks for giving me 
the opportunity. This is a very small question. As you were just talking 
that there would be some more additional working capital requirements, 
especially as regards the PPP projects and as you already said that there 
you don't foresee any requirements to raise any funds for working capital. 
But on the flip side, whether there will be any impact on the other income 
or the revenue that we may be earning from the working capital because 
if we need more working capital, we don't need to borrow, but then it may 
impact our revenue in some sense? 
 
Ragini Advani:  
So, you know, this is someone who asked on not working capital. I said 
as of now we are on a very, very comfortable situation. If at all we need 
working capital, we will have internal resources. I am not needing working 
capital. Right now, my cash that I get from client is good enough for me to 
manage the liability. I normally don't put my own funds other than bits 
here and there, and that position is expected to continue on a short-term 
basis, but just in case we need to put, we are poised to keep it. As I again 
mentioned, my internal resources will essentially go in equity investments 
of PPP project and not towards working capital immediately.  
 
Hitesh Raja:  
So, Madam, as I understand, on a broad basis, as of now, the working 
capital, the current assets, or the short-term investments are not yielding 
that much of our sizable income in our part of component of the other 
income part.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Yeah. So other income will decrease once I invest my surplus cash into 
PPP projects, which is spread over two years. But having said that, I'll 
also be earning in the next few months. So, it will be a recurring cycle. 
And therefore, I do not see a other income dipping from a 500 crore level, 
it may not be at a level of 540 or 580, but it will be in the range of 500 for 
the next year. Obviously, if I get more PPP opportunities then the number 
will come down, but for next one year I'm confirming it should be in that 
range.  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Hitesh Raja:   
OK. Thank you, Madam.  
 
Moderator:  
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raj Shah from Wealth 
PMS. Please go ahead.  
 
Raj Shah:  
Hi, thank you very much for giving this opportunity. I just want to ask one 
question. I want to take the product you want to understand what is the 
risk of your sub-contractors bidding is gone for the projects that we are 
currently handling? Because I understand we are currently sub-
contracting a lot of projects that we get, right? So, what is the risk that 
going forward is there any project where more than 50% or 60% of work 
is being done by one single subcontractor in any of our projects and just 
want to understand what is the risk that these subcontractors may outbid 
Ircon going forward in the bidding project? Thank you.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Couple of things. The first thing is that Ircon does a lot of work 
departmentally as in what we do within Ircon in our company by different 
sections and the essential work there involves the initial planning, the 
designing, the procurement which typically for a contractor, becomes 
tough because most contractors don't have financial resources and 
subsequently it's overseeing the overall quality of the project or the 
credibility. So, these are three things that we typically bring to the table 
even when we are subcontracting. Now in terms of competition, 
obviously, hardcore pure civil work, they can compete with us and they 
are. But where it is an overall package which involves a procurement at 
designing and a lot of planning, meticulous planning in some of these 
projects, if you see the kind of projects Ircon has done, we've done the 
USBRL project and we are currently doing this Sivok project, all these 
involve a lot of tunneling project experts and you have a lot of design and 
planning details that need to go into it. So there the competition will be 
lesser from any of these subcontractors. In fact, it will be nil and that's the 
reason we are trying to build a niche for ourselves in which we hope to 
continue getting more projects. Like it goes straight away for bullet train 
project also. The technology is Japanese. There's a lot of JV 
arrangements that we have with many of the Japanese vendors and that 
is how this project is coming. So pure subcontractor will not be able to 
take it forward.  
 
Raj Shah:  
OK. OK. Thank you. Thank you so much. And the second question was 
what do you see a technicality in Q4? In the topline, why is there a 
technicality in Q4 for revenue recognition?  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Technicality. What technicality?  
 
Raj Shah:  
Yes, usually the Q4 numbers are higher than the 1st Q1Q2Q3. So, is 
there any particular reason why Q4 numbers are higher?  
 

  
Ircon International Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Ragini Advani:  
Why Q4 numbers are higher?  
 
Raj Shah:  
 
Yeah.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Yeah, but I think typically in our kind of industry, Q4 always tends to be 
higher.  
 
Raj Shah:  
 
Ohh. OK, thank you.  
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand over 
the call to the management for their closing comments. Thank you all for 
being a part of the conference call. If you need any further information or 
clarification, please mail at sachin.garg@ircon.org.  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today, thank 
you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for their closing comments.  
 
Ragini Advani:  
Thank you. Thank you, Steve for moderating the call. I would also like to 
thank all our shareholders, stakeholders, business partners, analyst, 
investor friends who have continued to show faith in us and have 
supported in this journey. We assure you we will not disappoint you. We 
would be happy going forward to connect with you on one-to-one basis if 
it is required for any further queries and clarifications. With this I conclude 
today's concall and thank you all for your active participation. Thanks 
once again, thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
 Thank you everyone for joining this call. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you.  
  
 
