Asatifaonéwon
QE
Ref: ASCL/SEC/2024-25/17
June 4, 2024
1.
To,
2.
To,
The General Manager
The General Manager(Listing)
Department of Corporate Services
National Stock ExchangeofIndia Ltd
BSE Limited
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza
1st Floor, New Trading Ring
Plot No. C/1, G Block
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Dalal Street, Fort
Bandra (East)
Mumbai - 400 001
Mumbai - 400 051
BSE Scrip Code: 532853
NSE Trading Symbol: ASAHISONG
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON JUNE 03, 2024 WITH
INVESTORS AND ANALYST ON THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCEOF O4FY24
REF: REGULATION 30 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuantto Regulation 30 of the SEBI(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulation 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Conference Call held on
Monday, June 03, 2024 at 11:00 a.m.(IST) with investors and analyst on the financial
performance of Q4FY24.
The said transcript will also be made available at the website of the Company at
www.asahisongwon.com.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking you,
Yoursfaithfully,
For, ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED
Digitally signed by JOSEPH
JOSEPH SAJI
SAJI VARGHESE
VARGHESE
ate:2024.06.04 18:31:01
SAJI JOSEPH
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
 
Encl: As above
®
 
 
Regd. Office: “Asahi House”, 20, Times Corporate Park, Thaltej — Shilaj Road,
<>
Thaltej, Anmedabad — 380 059, Gujarat, India.
89'%90r:2015
OMe ont
AMEMBER
Tele
: 91-79 48239999, 29617815 + Fax
: 91-79 6832 5099 + WebSite: www.asahisongwon.com
-
usceikscmstown|
 OPAP KIA
Asahi SongwonColorsLtd.
CIN: L24222GJ1990PLC014789
gS
Q)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

i
®,
AsahiSongwon
“Asahi SongwonColors Limited
Q4 & FY’24 Earnings Conference Call”
J une 03, 2024
ADVISORS
til
MANAGEMENT:
MR. GOKUL M.J AYKRISHNA
J OINT MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO
ASAHI SONGWON COLORSLIMITED
MR. ARJ UNG.J AYKRISHNA
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
ASAHI SONGWONCOLORSLIMITED
MR. MITESH PATEL
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
ASAHI SONGWONCOLORSLIMITED
MR. ALOK J HAWAR
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
ASAHI SONGWONCOLORSLIMITED
MR. SAJ1J OSEPH
COMPANY SECRETARY& COMPLIANCE
OFFICER
ASAHI SONGWON COLORSLIMITED
Page 1 of 19

Asahi SongwonColors Limited
Q4 & FY24 ConferenceCall
June 03, 2024
 
Moderator:
Abhishek Mehra:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcometo Asahi SongwonColors Limited Q4 and FY24
Earnings ConferenceCall. As a reminder,all participantlineswill be in thelisten only mode and
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions afterthe presentation concludes. Should
you need assistance during this conferencecall, please signal an operatorby pressing *, then 0
on yourtouchtonephone. Please notethat this conferenceis being recorded. And now hand
theconference overto Mr. Abhishek Mehra from TIL Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Mr.
Mehra.
Thank you. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining this Q4 and FY24 Earnings
ConferenceCall of Asahi SongwonColors Limited. The results andinvestor updates have been
emailedto you and are also available on the stock exchanges. In case, anyone doesnot have
thecopyofthe same, please do write to us and we will be happyto sendit over to you.
Totake us throughtheresults of this quarter and answeryour questions, we have with us today
and Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna - Joint Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Arjun Jaykrishna- Executive
Director; Mr. Mitesh Patel - Executive Director; Mr. Alok Jhawar - Chief FinancialOfficer and
Mr. Saji Joseph - Company Secretary and ComplianceOfficer. We will be starting thecall with
a brief overview of the business andthefinancial performancein Q4 and FY24, whichwill be
followed bythe Q&Asession.
| would like to remind youall that everything said in this call, reflecting any outlookfor the
future, which canbeconstrued as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction
with the uncertainties andrisks that the company faces. These uncertainties andrisks are
included, but notlimited to what we have mentioned on our annual reports, which youwill
find on our company website. With thatsaid, | will now handoverthe call to Mr. Gokul. Over
to you,sir.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcometo Asahi’s ConferenceCall for FY24 March ended quarter as
well as the FY24 Marchendedfull year. Ladies and gentlemen,| am happytofinally bring some
good newsto all the analysts as well as more importantlyto all ourinvestors aftera long period
of almost 4-5 quarters when the companyhas notbeen able to do too well becauseofvarious
macroeconomic demandandglobal concerns aswell as industry specific concern, | am happy
Page 2 of 19

to report this quarter has come out with a muchbetter and improved performance and the
comingyearlooks substantially better compared to the March 23 and March24 years.
| will just quickly touch upon the macro numbersof turnover on a quarterly basis for the
  
standaloneBlue division as well as the consolidateddivision andthen,| will give you a general
overview ofthe four segments and then wewill have Arjun give us some update on some of
thebusinesses and then wewill open thefloorfor question and answers where| will be happy
to take your questions.
So, on the standalonebasis at the Blue, the motherplant, Asahi’s main plantin Baroda,the
Blue plant hasstarted performing reasonably well. We haverecordeda turnoverofRs. 83.84
crores comparedto Rs. 69.94 croresin the previous quarter and we haverecordedtheprofit
before exceptionalitem of Rs. 5.57 crores as compared to Rs. 1.4 crores. On a full yearbasis,
onthe standalone thingin Blue business, we have recorded a turnoverofRs. 276 crores and a
profit before exceptionalitem of Rs. 5.10 crores. This compareswitha loss of Rs. 4.64 croresin
thefull year on the standalonebasis for the Blue business in 23 March.Apart from that, we
had a onetimeprofit of Rs. 25.6 crores coming out from thesale of land, which workedout
extremely profitably. So, the full year numbers on a standalonebasis or even on a console basis
look much better than the business actually offered. So, the full year profit would be Rs. 30.7
crores as comparedtoa loss ofRs.4.64 croresin the previousyear. Thisis on the standalone
basis.
Now, | will just run you throughtheconsole numbers as well. You already have looked at these
numbers.
| just wanted to open thecall with giving a perspective andthen
| also make a
comment on whatto look forward for the next year and the next quarter becausethatis
probably whatall of you would belooking forward to because youhaveaccessto the numbers
because they have beenpublished. But again, macro numbers on a console basis we have done
a turnoverof Rs. 126 crores as comparedto Rs. 102 crores which is about 23% improvement
overthe previous quarteron a console basis. And on console basis, profit before tax stood at
Rs. 1.5 crores as comparedto Rs.1.3 crores ofloss in the previous quarter.
So, overall, now just to give a comment on howthis quarter has gonebyfor all the four
segmentsstandalone,
| already told you
asstarted doing reasonably well. We are back to
double digit EBITDA numbersas well and hope to improveslightly on this performancein the
coming quarter and the yearas well. On the console basis, all the four segments,all the four
units rather, the two segments, the twounits for pigments which is in Baroda and Dahej have
doneslightly better than the previousyear and this quarterlooksbetter than the quarter that
Iam reporting right now.
TheAtlas segment, both the plants, the Odhavplanthasstarted, the old plant that we acquired,
Asahi acquired has started doing better and we are coming back to normalcy there and the
Chattralplant, the intermediate section has commencedthe operations and there at about
Page 3 of 19

50% to 55% utilization, wearein a position to the PBT breakeven.So, this is very good news
for the Chattral plant because we wereexpecting that we would probably PBT break evenin
about a yearor a year anda half of operations. While we are now looking to PBT and even PAT
breakeven, maybethis quarter whichis just 3 months into operation, so this augurs well. We
have not yet commissioned the APIplant at Chattral. This plantis likely to be commissionedin
the next month, bututilization in the APIplantwill take a little time to ramp up. Weare in no
rush because we are more concerned or more concentrated or focused on upping the
performanceof the intermediate plant because this makesus self-reliant at the Odhav plant in
termsofbuying ourintermediate and wehopeto get completely self-reliantin the current
quarter, April, May, June as in we should not be buying Stage-1 and Stage-2 raw materials for
the main molecule, Pregabalin for the main Odhavplant and weshouldbe able to getall of our
supplies from our Chattralplant. This should augur well for the EBITDAin the coming quarter
as well.
And now,just a quick note on what to expect in this quarter, for the full year, I wouldstill be a
little cautious in giving any guidanceor idea because you are aware thatlot of things are quite
uncertain, but the general macros for the chemical industry in general, the API and
intermediate industry also seem to be improving, not just for us, but even for the industry. If
we take and touch upon the main things that were hindering performance overthe last 5
quarters, it was one the global inventory pipeline was completely choked up. This is the
inventorypipeline now, | am glad to inform everyoneis now, verylight and free. So, everybody
has destocked andthereis very little inventoryin the globalinventory pipeline. This augurs
well because now weare starting to see some orders coming in which werestalled because
they were destockinginventory.
Point two, on a macrobasis, raw material prices have started to bottom out, not only bottom
out, but now we haveseenover the last couple of months that wearestarting to inch up.This
is good news becausefor thelast 4-6 quarters and we havereported this andall of you are
awarethat wetooka lot of inventory loss because raw materials and finished goodsprices kept
nosediving every single month forthe last 12 to 16 months. Thus, we had totake non-business
inventory carrying cost risk as well and customers were unwilling to take any price even to
covercost and thatis why we had a terrible 12 to 16 months. This seemsto be overbecause
the prices have nowstarted to bottom out and even go up and hence customers are now
starting to buy ahead of time andthus this meansthat we have some advantageofcarrying
inventory now because we will have someprofits from inventory over the next couple of
quarters. Wehaven't seenthat in the March quarter, but wearelikely to probably see thatin
the April, May & June quarter.
And just to commenton the EBITDA margins, consolidated EBITDA margin stood at about 2%
in March 23. They movedto about4.9% in March 24forthe full year and we are hoping that
we should begetting to double digit, so about 10% for thefull year this year. So, that should
begetting us back generally on a consolidated basis to decentbusiness levels again.
Page 4 of 19

ArjunJaykrishna:
Moderator:
Rahul Jain:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
With that,
| will let Arjun give you a few comments andthenwe can take question and answers.
Thankyou.| think as already has beendescribedanddiscussed,
| think generally we have had
a slightly better performancethan earlier and in regards to our PhthalocyanineBlue business,
| think we have coveredit. There is not muchfor me to discuss. In terms of the Azo business
which wehavediscussedin previouscalls as well, we have made an improvementto the past.
Wehavebeendoingslightly better, however, not at the speed we would have wantedto, but
quarter-on-quarter we have seen growthandforthe full year as well as opposedto last year,
wehave seen improved numbers and wehopethatthis trend continues and while the demand
has not pickedup, we havegotteninternally stronger. We have built upa slightly better quality
of products,slightly larger rangeof products and hope we are continuingthis trend of month
to monthgrowth andweare now ataround65% utilization. So, we will lookto improve onthis
and continueto dothatin thein the coming quarter which weforesee to see the continued
growth happenfrom last yearperformance.
Andfor the API as well, happyto take any specific questions, but overall, as already described,
we have made movements with the new intermediateplant which is up and running and we
are focusing on getting the right quality andright volumesthere, whichwill help us in our
internal backward integration, which is the reason weputit up and weare working towards
and ontrack to soon be opening the APIfacility as well. We have been nowevenaudited by
thelocal FDA and all the things are going as per schedule andasper track with the new API
plant. So, happy to report and hopefully wecan report to you somepositive on thatin the
comingfew quartersaswell.
Thank you very much. Wewill now begin the question-and-answersession.Thefirst question
is from theline of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth Advisors. Please go ahead.
Sir, first question is on the Blue segmentor typically as you mentioned,things are improving
and demand seemsto beback, so 2-3 parts to that. Oneis in your assessmentwhatsegment,
what geography seemsto be where the demandis coming back and whatis the sustainability
of the demandrevivalif you couldtalk on that andalso with regards to Blue at currentlevels
orin the quarter gone byandplus at the currentlevels, how far theprices are away from the
peaklevels and what kind ofvolume growth wehaveseenin quarter 4 and for FY24as a whole?
Iwill take this question. So, Rahul, | just wanted to just probably make a commenton whatyou
said about demand.So, | should have probably referred toit in myintroduction that demand
is actually not that strong yet and | cannotclaim that the demand is back. So,
| will clarify to
answer your question whathas helped the Blue business. There arethree areas orthree
aspectsto business improving from the doldrumsin which it was ortheterribletimes thatit
saw. Oneas | referred in the introductory speechis inventory pipeline which was completely
chokerblock for over a year and that was a huge overhang. The numbertwo is raw material
prices continuingto fall like a falling knife sharpened down month-on-month.Both ofthese
Page 5 of 19

Rahul Jain:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rahul Jain:
problemshave been arrested, so theinventory pipelineis nowclean.Interestrates peakedin
the European and Western countries, US andall and with the higher interest rate, everybody
panicked and destock at a time when demandcrashed and raw materialprices werefalling, so
it was like a perfect storm. So, now, we have two ofthe three business aspects, which is
inventorypipelineis clean and raw material pricefalling has beenarrested, even started to go
up, which augurs very well for business going forward. Thethird aspect is what you are
referring to and what your question to meis on demand.So, demand is notyet backin a strong
way. What weare seeing right now which is causing the reasonably good improvementin
business is because ofthe inventory pipeline dryingup,lot of people whowerenot buying at
all have started buying. So,it is not actually big with demandhas improved by 20% | would say,
 
it
is still far from normal. So,if demand wereto improve over the next few quarters, then that
should addto the improvementin business. | hope | am makingthis clear because demandis
not yet very strong, though weare seeing improvementin ourprices because weare able to
pass onthe raw material increases or even improving our margins both waysinto the prices
thatthe customersare willing to accept because now raw material prices and finished goods
prices have started goingup. And thenalso torefer to your question, how far are we from the
peakpricing? Weare notthat far because nowsinceprices are starting to come up, say we
mustbe about 20% awayfrom the peakpricesof Blue products. Alreadyprices have gone up
by 20%. We were caught about 30%-35% lowerthan peak. We covered about 15% of that
pricing power backpartly because of increased cost and partly because of the improved
margins, both of which are now starting to reflect in our margins aswell.
Andsir, volumegrowthfor FY24 as a whole and typically again in volumeterms also what are
the peak volumesandtoday at whatvolumes do we stand or maybeyoucan give a broad range
of percentageterms?
So, broadly for thefull year, there hasn't beenanyreal improvementin volume growth. The
business quality has improved, the margins have improved,pricing has improved, volume
growthis starting to improve from this quarter. So, this quarter we have seen, March end
quarterhas seen volume growth.Forthefull year,
| cannot claim anyreal volume growth. If
the March quarteris reflective and it looks like so far so good andthenthe volume growthin
25 wouldbe seenover 24.So, | would probably guide for improved volumeas well as turnover
forthe full year 25 as compared to 24. In 24, my volumeand turnover has not improved against
23, but my numbers have improvedsubstantially. My EBITDA margin consolidated has gone
from up 2% to 4.9% in 24 and | am hoping on a console, | am talking aboutconsole, not the
Blue, the Blue businessisa little higher. But on a console basis we moved from 2% to 4.9% and
we are hopingto hit double digit this year. The improvementthat | am now seeingwill come
with some volumeand turnover growth as well.
And sir, with regardsto theprices of raw materials, you mentionedthat they have been moving
up. So, someofthe raw materials where imports are there and what we havebeen hearing for
last month or so, the problems with regards to reverse trade from China. So,is it that some of
Page 6 of 19

Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rahul Jain:
ArjunJaykrishna:
these raw materials, including, say, Phthalic Anhydride, the prices have moved up becauseof
this reason, and probably as the problem easesfrom China reverse state side ina month or so,
will that again drift downwards?
So, see, we are quite well insulated from this China problem that you are referring to because
even we are importing dutyfree. So, we are free to import Phthalic from anywherein the
world, whetherit is Thailand, Taiwan, Korea, anywhere andbuyfromthelocalplayers here, so
even China forthat matter. So, weare not, wearekind of insulatedfrom thatissue; however,
Phthalic prices have goneup, according to me, because again, the same situation was there
with Phthalic where OTTO,the raw material of Phthalic was at a price which was higher than
thePhthalic pricesitself. So, the Phthalic prices what we saw earlier were notsustainable. As
theBlue prices, or for that matter, eventhe red andyellow prices they were notsustainable.
Theyhadto go up because the raw material prices were at or higherthan theselling prices.
This has beencorrected, So, the Phthalic prices are moving up moreas correction because
wecan't sustain business at the prices at which they wereselling. So, they hadto raise the
prices to meet their cost. Then it is not a demandpush,it is a cost push that has shown
improvements. The demandpull has been there about 20%-25% generally whetherit is
Phthalic or Blue or Azo’s or even for that matter, API intermediate. If we see the demandpull
comingin which we will eventually, demandhasto globally come back at somepoint, some
macroindicators may changeor whatever. Then, wewill see actual improvement in business
environment and demand.
So, one last question on Azo and then
| will comeback in the queue.Sir, on the Azoside with
regards to approval from some of the large MNC customers, two parts to that one, we
understand wehadapprovals from someof these large MNC customers, but probably on the
pricing front those comfort fromourside was not theregiventhecurrentprices are much lower
than the normal prices. So, where do westandin termsof that aspect as we speak?
I think one,| think more thanjust the price front,
| think for us since we are new,| thinkit is
aboutfollowing market prices and then whateverthe price maybe,a sustainable market price
is the price we have to work at. So, more than theprice front,
| think the whole thing that we
have discussed for morethanthelast year about reduced demandandthelarge MNC's that
have post COVID piled up pretty much very large amountofinventoryis the reason they
weren't buying more. So, as yourightly said, we did have a few, not many, but we had a few
already approved products which they werenot able to buy at that time becauseof inventory
management.So, wewill look to start supplying to the MNC’s now. Wehavestartedwith some
commercial, so after approval wewill move to commercial orders wherethey will use our
product commercially andusethat in the end product and see whetherthe customeris okay.
Wehave already movedto thatstage for a few products with some MNC's and hopefully in the
next quarter, Q2, we would hopeto see reflection of this in our EPC numbers and volumesand
hopefully have the MNC volume showing by then and have that boostfrom ourlarge MNC
customers where wehaveseeninitial approvals happen already.
Page 7 of 19

Moderator:
Ankit Gupta:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
ArjunJaykrishna:
Thankyou. Next question is from theline of Ankit Gupta from BambooCapitalPartners. Please
go ahead.
So, my question wasonthe Azo side, we have nowdeferred bottleneckingforour Yellow plant
as well andI think we arestill not breaking evenin this segment. So, how do weseethis
segmentgoingfor us over the next two-three quarters, do you think wewill be able to break
evenin a quarter or twoorit will take moretime for us to breakeven in this segment?
So, basically, Azo business has suffered a lot for the samereasonsas generally what | spoke
about in Blue addedto that was even worsesituation with demandthere, so demandstill
remains very weak. However, as Arjunalreadyreferred toit, we have made good customer
additions. So, we have added new customers to our market. We have also made very good
improvementsin introducing new products andourquality approvals are going quite well. So,
our marketing team is putting allits efforts and becauseof that, we are seeing reasonable
improvementin the utilization finally and we should be at 65% odd in the current quarter and
that meansit will be an improvement compared to thelast year and thelast quarter, the March
ended quarter as well. So, to answeryour questionover the next 2 or 3 quarters, we definitely
expectto break evenin this segment. Once westart doingthat, the prices are also nowstarting
to improve, show improvements. As soon as some demand comesback, | think this segment
should turn out to be reasonably promising because we have laid a pretty goodbit of
groundworkto setit up. As far as your reference to debottlenecking orexpansion oftheyellow
line is concerned, we have just deferred becauseoftheterrible market conditions and wedid
not wantto jump the gun andadd further cost andburden to our capacity as well as financials.
However,financially we are in a very comfortableposition with our debt equity, a consolidated
debt equityratio at 0.34 times debt to equity whichis under0.5 whichis very conservative and
now thecash flows have turnedvery positive as well in all the four plants and both the
segments.This givesusa lot of encouragementas weupthe utilization to 70%, wewill go back
onthe board to dothe debottlenecking or expansionof theline.
And Red segment was doing pretty badly for us, that continues or we have seen some
improvementin the Red segmentaswell ontheAzoside?
Arjun, if you can commenton boththe Yellow and the Red in a macro way, just for your
reference, we won't betalking in details in terms of the numbers, but wewill give you a macro
outlook. Arjun, over to you.
So, rightly put | think earlier we were struggling a bit with Red, the reasons we thoughtthat
was happening also giventhen. But to answer your question, we have worked hard on theRed,
wehave workedon the products, we have workedwith customers, and wehavedefinitely seen
a substantial improvement. On the macrolevel,
| can say that, yes, we are notspecifically
struggling with the Red anymore.Volume-wise, the Yellow continues to be the larger volume,
but the Redhasstarted to do muchbetter than before and we have a few good products that
Page 8 of 19

Ankit Gupta:
Arjun Jaykrishna:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Arjun Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
Arjun Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
havepicked upboth in volumesandalso weare not struggling as much with price as we were
earlier with the Red. So,it has much improved from before.
Whatwill be the capacity utilizationofthe Red as of now?
So, now, we are ata similar capacityutilization from both the Red andthe Yellow. So, we have
reached thelevel, theplantis designed such thattheredline is smaller because we havelarger
capacity of the Yellow side, but percentage utilizationis similar now both on the Red andthe
Yellow.
Mr. Gupta,to just add a commentthe improvementinutilization from 65% to 70%, we are
expectingit to come from the Redline, this may answeryourquestion.
So, thatis a significant improvementthat wehaveseenin the Red segment?
Yes.
So, my second question was on the API part, we have seen some improvementin ourtopline
in this quarter andgiven the Chattral plant has also started, the backwardintegration coming
and how doyou seenext year panning outfor us in terms of growth as well as on the margins
front, if you can talk about that?
So,
| will take the question onbasically in terms of turnover, we may not see a marked
improvementbecauseright now,the intermediateplantof Chattral, the intermediate Stage-1
and Stage-2 of Pregabalin that we are making therewill be used by the Odhavplant and then
wewill start making the Pregabalin at Chattral itself, eventually during this financial year. As
soon asthat happens,the intermediate consumption will notreflect in the turnover.So, there
maynotbea vast improvementin the turnover, but therewill be a substantial improvement
in the margin.Arjun, you want to commentontheother partof his question.
Whatwastheotherpartif you can just repeatit?
With the intermediate plant at Chattral operating and as we endeavorto use the entire
intermediate requirements of the Odhav plant from the Chattral plant from the in-house
capacity, so how do you see the margins panningout forus for FY25in the API segment?
Hehas already answeredit.
| think wewill definitely see a bottomline improvementbecause
of the intermediate facility we use andin termsof thetopline, wewill try and streamline our
marketing and approaches asbest possible and hopefully slideit, but the otherbottomlinewill
bebetter improved of the two.So, | will just echo whathasalready been answered.
So, are wetargeting, let us say low doubledigit kind of margins in our API segmentsfor FY25?
Page 9 of 19

Gokul Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
ArjunJaykrishna:
Ankit Gupta:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Yes, we are looking at the Atlas, the API andthe Intermediate business as one business and
then when welookatit, we acquired this business with EBITDA margin of about 5.5%. We
continue to operate at aboutthatlevel overthe last 1 to 1-1/2 years and nowthatis showing
a substantial improvementandweare already at about 8%-9% and with intermediatefacility,
whatyou arereferring to, we should obviously be in doubledigit. That should not bedifferent.
Can youalso talk about the new product development which weare doing on theAPI side, any
new product that weare planning to launch in FY25 or anythingelse, anythingplanned for FY26
as well?
Arjunwill talk aboutit. Arjun is looking after new product development at the R&D Center that
wehave at Odhav. However, we cannot, for competition and businessreasons, be specific in
termsof naming the products that have been underresearch, but wewill talk about in terms
of some of the products without naming them.
| do understand,if you canjust think about numberof launchesfor FY25 and FY26 and what
can be the potential revenuethat weare targeting from them?
Yes. So,
| will give a quick macro idea of what weare doing on the R&Dside to answer your
question.So, we have been working on a good numberof products and we haveidentified a
few of these products, things including what we see our current customers buy as well as
general market demand and how weforesee the demandfor these products to bein the
comingfew years.So, currently, we have developed and commercially launched a newproduct
recently. Apart from that there are three products and one KSM that we havealready
developed and would be looking to commercialize in the coming months. Obviously, with the
APls, these products take time to commercialize even after development. So, we have kept
that in mind and wedon't have anexact timeframeof when you would belaunching them, but
this is what we have been working on. Apart from this, we have a pretty decent pipeline of
products that we are working on. Again,as| repeatedindifferent from the chemical segment
here,there are several challengesin the development ofthese productsfrom the lab stage to
even developing on the lab movingto the plant. So, we are confident in a few of these products
and webelieve that in the next year, wewill be launching these products for sure and weare
specifically looking forward to three ofthe products which would be launchedin the coming
few months.
And howbig canthis productbe like? What canbe therevenuepotential for these productsin
FY25?
Weare not currently looking too much atthe revenuepotential because these are low volume,
high value products. So, they maynot contribute in a large way to the revenueright now.|
understand what you areasking.So, basically the productsthatour team is working onarenot
the same Rs. 5,000-Rs. 6,000 perkilo products, but higher value products Rs. 10,000to Rs.
Page 10 of 19

Moderator:
Dhwanil Desai:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Dhwanil Desai:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
20,000or evenRs. 40,000 to Rs.50,000perkilo products, someof them.So, the volumes will
be slow andthereflection in the topline because of the products introducedor the ones in the
pipelinewill not be large. However, becauseit takes a lot oftime in this API business, as Arjun
already mentioned, to commercialize them and after commercialization evento substantially
get volumes outofit takes a bit of time. So, | would not rely on additional turnover in terms of
volumesandturnoverfrom these launchesin this financial. That would comein thefinancial
after 2025 March monthandthereflection of thatwill come morein the marginsthan in the
topline. This year, we will concentrate moreonthe intermediate section and improving our
EBITDA margin, whichhistorically the Atlas business we acquired was at 5%-5.5%, we are
looking to getit to 12% and that should be doneeasily without new launches.
Thankyou. Next questionis from the line of Dhwanil Desaifrom Turtle Capital Management.
Please go ahead.
Sir, my first questionis on the Blue segment, historically before the market turmoil, we were
doing gross margin in the rangeof 38% to 42% and maybe 40% was a mid number. Currently,
our gross margins are still well below that number, so as the market environment normalizes,
do wesee progression towards those numbers in the FY25?
Yes, you have studied your numberswell, so you are pretty accurate with the gross margin.
Thatis what we were 28% odd, 39%. Of course,youare referring to theBlue business only. So,
those havehadin this time dropped substantially, of course. We havealready seen goodbit of
recovery in this quarteritself and that recovery should continue and yes, ourinternaltargets
would be to get back to the 38% gross margin. That do not happen immediately, but we are
inching towardsit for sure. So, we are already seeing improvementin March and weprobably
continue to see some improvementin June as compared to March as well, or at least maintain
the March.
Second questionis on Azo business, so globally again if we lookatit, one of the larger players
had filed for bankruptcy andgenerally there was a feelingthat that may havea positive rub off
ontheotherplayers because even though they may not beoutof the business, but they may
berestructuring some of their business operation. So, do you actually see positive impact of
that happening or maybe some negative ruboff because they maybe our customeralso, so
how doyou look at that developmentand are you seeing any opportunities emerging out of
that development?
So,
| don't want to commenttoo much becauseit is related parties.
| don't want to comment.
Of course,the newsis outin the public.
I can tell you there is no negative impact at all on our
business because ofthis. One, you werereferring to the German bankruptcy, we have 0 for
clarification, we have 0 exposureor zero business with that entity in the last 5 years, nothing
at all, so no outstanding, our bad debt outstanding would not beaffected or impactedat all.
Comingto the second part of it, what would be the advantage or opportunity, there would
Page 11 of 19

Dhwanil Desai:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Dhwanil Desai:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
obviously be good opportunitiesfor the other playersin this segment, notonly us, but generally
all the main players, the 4 or 5 global players includingus andweareactively approachingthis
opportunity in a way where wecan improveourbusiness with these opportunities.
Andlast question on API. So, as we moveour production from Odhavto Chattral, essentially
thecapacity thereis much higherthan the Odhav, so what are we doing in termsofleg work
to ensure that when we movethe production and then over, let us say, next quarter, we
stabilized, the market is not a problem and weare able to market muchhighercapacity. So,if
you can talk a bit aboutthat andin line with that, once the capacity on the Odhavside is empty,
how do weintendtofill that up?
So, both are veryrelevant questionsto our business going forward. However,| will be very
honest and candid, our concentrationsforthis financial year that is March ‘25 will probably not
be onthose twoareas. Wewill be working on both these areas. Your question is toostrong,
one,with the capacity of APIs in Chattral comingintoplay, how weseeit going forwardin terms
of improving volumes and second whenthat happens, what we do with theolder capacity, so
both are questions which weare not goingto talk much aboutthis here, becausewe are already
doinga lot of internal work on these twoquestions. So, | would notbe publicly able to comment
onit and financially neitherofthese two points will have much impacton the performancethis
financial year. So, where ourconcentration will be there which will impact the numbersofthe
API businessforthis financial year will be one on theintermediate section which is already
showingverypositive results. So, our concentrationwill and should be on that area sothat we
improve somebodyin the earlier question
| think, oneof the two other Mr. Gupta or Mr. Rahul
referred toit very well that our margins werevery low in the API business andourfirst duty to
ourshareholders is to makesure that we have acquiredthis business. Yes, we have acquiredit
at very goodvalue, but thatis only halfofthe chapter. The otherhalf is, you acquire a business
whichis 5%-5.5% EBITDA,this isn't good. We acquiredit with theidea of getting it to double
digit EBITDA.So, this year, wewill focus on gettingit to double digit EBITDA, which we are
confident that underthe strategy that we have implemented,the intermediate plant and
concentration on the six main molecules ofthe Odhavplant which both Arjun and Mitesh are
veryactively pursuing these strategies and we should be ableto get to double digit withoutthe
new product pipeline at Odhavorthe API plant at Chattral. Withoututilizing this, we should be
double digits. Those twothings are more longer term and thatdefinitely augurs very well
becausethatis going to be big strategic thing for our company,butthatwill take longer.|
won'tbein a position to answerthat question sharply as of now.
Both RCMH and CMH atChattral plant, have they stabilized at the production level or we are
still kind of doingthetitrations there?
So, to answeryourquestion, we are now producing them andtheyhavestabilized. However, |
won'tgoasfar to say that yes, everythingis set andit is good. Weare continuously looking to
improve them onevery aspect, whetherit is quality, whetherit is heal and we will continue to
Page 12 of 19

Gokul Jaykrishna:
Moderator:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
do so. But to answeryourquestion, like are we producing it now week-on-week, month-on-
month from now?Yes we are, we have beenproducingit this one and weare setinit, we are
usingit internally for our Pregabalin as well, but at the sametime, I won't say that yes,itis all
set andall perfect. Weare continuing to improve ouryields or continuing to push ourselvesin
our team and we are seeing improvements, and we will hopefully continue to see
improvementsin our RCMH and CMHin the coming monthsaswell, but yes we are producing
them andit is going well and asperplan and schedule.
Asyousaid, our philosophy is that continuously we should push to improve all parameters.
Having said that, the quality andtheyield, both have started comingout verywell. This is very
good news.So, yes, both RCMH and CMH production
isstabilized in termsofquality and yield
and supply to Odhavis nearing full independence, so we will probably, as| said earlier in my
introduction, not need to buy Stage-1 and Stage-2 Pregabalin raw materials, maybe in a
quarter’s time, we will be completely independent because Chattralis already pushing out
theseintermediates of very high quality comparableto the best quality and goodyields. That
is why weare almost a year ahead of our ownexpectationsin termsof PBT breakeven and
what such comment you made about the Odhavplant andthe API plant. So, apart from the
R&D work that our team is doing,
| am also working actively with a consultant in Bombay to
kind ofhelp us get and hone in on someofthese products and that should augurreally well
because| am gettingintoit too.
Thank you very much.Next question is from theline of RupeshfromIntelSonsCapital. Please
go ahead.
Mostof my questions have been asked, so | just have a fewclarifications. Sir first is, Clariant
was acquired by Heubach.So,consideringall that, can you let me know whatpercentage of
our revenue comesfrom Heubach group?
So, we have been doing business withClariant andit is a legacy businessforus. It is over 20
years, probably one ofour first customers andthis pigment business of Clariant, as you rightly
referred to, was acquired by Heubachandcurrently, if you talk about the revenuesof Blue
because Blueis the only business where we have exposure there. We have0 exposureto
Heubach Germanyor Europefor that matter or US, anywhere internationally. Weonly have
exposure to HeubachIndia which was a legacy Clariant and that companyis a listed company
and is doing quite well, our revenue percentageis about 5% coming outofit.
Second questionsir is, what is ourcapacity utilization in Blue pigmentsas of today?
Weare at about 70% in Blueoverall.
Page 13 of 19

Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
I think wedid Rs. 277 crores revenuein Bluein FY24,is it too muchto expect that wewill go
backto let us say Rs. 350 crores in FY25given that realization will improve, capacity utilization
will improve?
So,it is difficult to comment whetherwewill get back to 350.It is not impossible, but will we
be aheadof300 or 325,yes, weusually will be.
And another thing, sir, Phthalic Anhydride,
| think we have discussed, but can youalso talk
aboutour other two raw materials, oneis Urea andotheroneis Curpuros Chloride and second
onein particular, because | think copperprices have been going upsignificantly. So, can you
talk aboutthese two raw materials?
So, the basic three raw materials, Phthalic Anhydride, Urea and Copper because of Curpuros
Chloride.So, Phthalic prices, | havealready referredtoearlier,it is a cost push thing because
our OTTOpricesare goingupglobally and Phthalic prices had to moveupandthey have moved
up whichis good because neither can Phthalic people sustain selling at lower prices, nor can
pigmentplayers like us sustain it selling at the prices we usedtosell earlier. Our prices have
improved, Phthalic prices have improved. Copperhas been on the move.It has moved from
$8,000 to $10,000 andthathas beenbuilt into our cost as well as passed on to our customers
and as
| said, absorptionofpricesin termsof customers absorbinganycostincreases has gone
up tremendouslyoverthe 2 or 3 months.
How aboutUrea, sir?
Urea had a move upand nowit has stabilized.It is probably just going downa bit,if at all, but
now it is very stable. But all of these raw material movements arepart and parcel of business.
Wenormally wouldn't worry muchabout. Last 1 to 1-1/2 years had become a worrybecause
it became month-on-month andvery sharp reduction. That is a worry becausethat creates
inventory overhang which builds up any inventory you are holding becausethere is a sharp
decline in theprices overthe next monthand next quarter, it builds upinto yourloss. So,this
has completely bottomed out. So, we don't have any overhangleft now.Eventhis quarter,
someofthe overhang,the Azoplant performanceis better than whatit reflects because we
had overhangofinventory that we had to getrid of, which washighercost inventory. But that
all is seeming to cometo an end probably in this quarter. By endof this quarter, we should
generally be through with the inventory overhangin Dahej aswell.
Sir, other question is for March 25, can you give some view on where would our long-term
borrowings and short-term borrowings would be?
Thatis a simple one.Basically, our total borrowingsare at aroundRs. 190 - Rs. 195 crores and
outof this, Alok bhai, can yougive the exact number of the long and the short?
Page 14 of 19

Alok Jhawar:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Alok Jhawar:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Rupesh:
Yes, just a minute. On a consolidated basis, our short-term borrowings are around Rs. 124
crores and long-term borrowingsare Rs. 56crores totaling to aroundRs. 197, so Rs. 128 + 70,
so around Rs. 197crores standing at March’24.
As | said, Rs. 195 odd croresis a total borrowing of which Rs. 125is short term andthe long
term is very small and whenweseethis going, we see it topping out at the currentlevels of
Rs. 195 - Rs. 200 crores and now all the fourunits are cash positive and probably wewill see
somereduction going forward.Unless, of course, we deploy that moneyinto further CAPEX,
which small CAPEX may comeupin the pigmentplant at Dahej as well as probably in a
12-monthperiodin theAtlas, new plantat Chattral as well. But yes, we see them easily starting
to comeoff.
Sir, the related question to thisis sir, the debtor days | think had gone upquite significantly in
March 24.
| think they are at 105 days compared to 77 days and 80 daysinlast twoyears, so
whytheincrease? Someparts can be explained by commissioningof the plants and where do
you see them stabilizing?
So, the numberbyitself is not very reflective. What happenedin the year end numberis
particularly towards the yearend,coincidentally the numbers seemedhigher.If you lookatit
right now, weare again back to below90.So,it is not that we have doneanything magically,
wehavejust improvedit a bit. But general paymentcycle is starting to improve aswell, so we
should internally target that we should be at about our long-term cycle again in termsof
numberofdays.
And thensir, last questionis, in the Tenants balancesheetthereis item of Rs. 19 crores which
is right-of-use assets, so can you maybeexplain thata little bit? | don't think wehave anylease
orland or anythinglike that, but whatis this right-of-use use asset number of Rs. 19 crores?
This is GIDCland, wheretheplantis constructed.So, basically GIDC land was acquired at one
shot payment,and we keep amortizing it every year-on-yearin our books. So, these are the
long-term lease contracts for 99 years. These are accountedfor as ROU assetsonly.
Andthenfinal question sir, is what sort of gross margin and EBITDA margin can we expect in
Azo business in FY25?
Weshould be looking at about 30%.
30% gross margin?
Yes.
Andthat would result into what 7%-8% EBITDA margin?
Page 15 of 19

Gokul Jaykrishna:
Moderator:
Prolin Nandu:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Prolin Nandu:
Yes, 5%this year or 7%, somewherein that range.
Thankyou very much.Next question is from Prolin Nandufrom Edelweiss Public Alternatives.
Please go ahead.
I have three questions on each of yourbusinesses. The first question is on Blue. While you
mentioned that we should look forward to reaching 13%-14% EBITDA marginin this year, can
you help us understand from a supply side, how is this situation in domestic market because
what| understandis that since China has put someimport duty, thereis lot of dumping which
is happeningin the domestic market especially for the Blue segmentandalso if youlook at
yourBlueportfolio, how muchofthatis price sensitive or let meputit other way, how much
of that is something where a customer that wehavewill not be able to switch fromus to any
othersupplier? Thatis my numberone question?
So, thefirst question first, the product that we make is undera licensed technologyandis a
very different kind of product in the Blue business and henceit is not aneasily replaceable
product and that is why weare the marketleadersin this segment. That is why weare#1 in
the Blue segmentglobally and wewill continue to bethat internally, despite any ofthe macro
difficulties in the business as we have overthe last one to twoyears. Because we are market
leadersin this segment, we have beenable to comeoutofit early and now of course coming
back to normalcy. The secondpart, the impact of the downturnwas severeon lot ofplayers
and the China thing kind of exaggeratedit over the last one year theduty thatyourefer to.
However, this has already been built in. The good newsis thatin the Blue business, Indian
makers rule. Globally, Indian makersare the only suppliersfor the entire globalBlue business.
This augurs very well for generally India as a country. The difficulties were on the macro
business modelover the last because like
| said,it was a perfect storm,perfect tsunami kind of
situation over the last 12 to 16 months. However, most of these things, including inventory
overhang, raw material pricesfalling and the Chinaduty onthe Bluehaveall been built in. The
only factor now remainingis the demand. Wehaveseen somepickupbut notsubstantial. If we
see substantial pickup, you will see things returning to normalcy. Because we are market
leaders, we should beable to take advantageofit.
Taking a leaf out of what you mentionedin termsof ourleadership in Blue, not just as a
company, but as a country as well. Now in the past conference call, you have alsoalluded to
whenit comes to Azo,especially the Yellow color, there are two since domestic capacities of
raw material have been comingup, wearein a way reachingthat kindofefficiency which we
havein Blue segment. Now if | look at your overall Azo numbers, as per mycalculation, while
the volumesor topline has goneup, but when it comesto the margins, they are still quite at
substantially in a negative kind ofterritory. So, if we were to break upthis betweenYellow and
Red and the rest of the segment,is it fair to comment that in Yellow, maybe soonweshould
belooking at a Blue kind of margins in terms ofefficiency. Is that a fair commentto make?
Page 16 of 19

Gokul Jaykrishna:
Prolin Nandu:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Prolin Nandu:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Twopartsto it. First, probably you can't compareit to Blue margins, generally it should be
comparable. So, your question is very fair and valid. The reason in our case, one cannot
comparebecausein Blue we are marketleaders, in Azo, simply we are not and weare new.
So, it will take us a coupleof yearsto find ourfeet, which weare starting to do very well. The
secondpart, so marginswiseto closethefirst part, our marginsin Azo’s will improve.| already
referred to a numberearlier, butit won't be, | am talking aboutthis year. So, this yearit won't
be at par with the Blue margins, but yes, long term thereis obviously an opportunityto getit
at par with the Blue margin. Generally, the marginsof the Blues, RedsandYellowsshould be
similar. So,
| spoke very clearly and specifically about oursituation because we are market
leaders in Blue.So, that businessis easierfor usthatis legacy businessesand wehave fantastic
customerbase also whichis noteasy to replace becauseofthe technology that we have.Asfar
as yousaid aboututilization, you asked the secondpart ofthe question?
No, | was moretalking aboutin terms of backward integration,in termsof raw material?
So, what has happenedis with the supplier of raw materials comingoutofIndia, things have
become much easier now forIndian makersandthis will continue. So, whatoverhang, yes, now
| gotit, you refer to why our margins have not improveddespite volumes.So,the answer for
that is very specific andvery clear. So, basically the raw material prices kept droppingand the
demand wasvery weak.So, we continuedto hold very heavy inventoryin both,the Blue as
well as the Azo business, which continued
toreflect losses in the next quarter. This has
happenedin this quarter as well for the Azo business. So, we hadto sell someinventory for
finished products, which were at a higher cost, but we had to sell it at the current market prices
and hence wehaveto take that kindof inventory loss whichis actually not a businessloss. So,
yourquestion is absolutely valid despite improvementin volumesand turnover. Wehaven't
seen improvementin thebottomlineprecisely because ofonly oneand simple reason because
ofinventory overhangofhighercost inventory.This is more orless over, but not totally over.
By end ofJune,July, our team expects theinventory overhang will be completely over. For the
Blue, this inventory overhanggot over sometime in January, February.
So, just some doubleclicking on this, right,in this business wehavea tie upwith a global kind
of a company. So, how muchofthat tie up has helped usin terms of technology? And | mean
in termsofgetting the approvalforgetting that inroadsinto someof these MNC customers, so
has it reduced thekind oftime that we would have required to reach the kind ofefficiencies
that we have reached today in Yellow andalso hasit madeit easier forus to probablytarget
someof these MNCcustomers,if you can just help me to understand the advantages ofthis
JV,that would bevery helpful? And howwill you evaluate, right, your foray into Azo thatwill
also be very helpful?
So,first, our partners Tenants of UKis a fantastic JV partner. So,
| have a lot to thank them
for, both Azo and Tennants have workedveryclosely onthis project and yes, we have done
their best to help us with technically on someof the products and someofit is working out
Page 17 of 19

Prolin Nandu:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Prolin Nandu:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
MiteshPatel:
Prolin Nandu:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
quite well. The product requirements that they demandis very high quality products and they
havea very high quality standard internally which should augur well long term because onceit
is throughtheir technical filter, it probably should be good for more or less any oneglobally, so
that is the good part ofit. From the demandpoint of view,the offtake that Tenants would do
from the products that we make has not been as muchas both ofus had expected because of
globally weak demand, but that is improving now and weare working closely and that Tennants
businessis also startingto pick up. But overall great experience working with Tennants, we are
happywith them, they are happywith us and the opportunity for this business going forward
should be very bright.
Very encouraging to hear that Gokul, just one last pointonAPI,if you can help us, what is the
price and demandofourend productthat is Pregabalin andalso if | understandit correctly,
will the realization per kg of N-1, N-2 be higherthan realization per kg of Pregabalin, is my
understanding correct there? Once yousell it outside, once you have consumedit for in-house
consumption,the additional or the excess N-1, N-2, whenit is sold outside,will it be giving us
higher realization than our core product?
Idon't getit. What do you meanby higherrealization in Pregabalin? Theprice of N-1, so RCMH
& CMHN-1, N-2, if we were to sell it outside, would be at marketprices, our products are
coming upquality wise very well, both our RCMH, CMH.So, weshould have no difficulty to sell
those products because weareat par with the top suppliers of RCMH in India or CMH in India,
so nodifficulties onthe quality side.I didn't get it exactly what you mean higherthan, the price
won't behigher than Pregabalin, of course.
No. In termsofperkg, right, would it be lower or higher than Pregabalinein termsofperkg
realization?
Mitesh, can youtakethis question?
Simply, our margins will improve because of CMH and RCMH.So, the marginsare almostthe
same as Pregabalin which we are getting right now.
Andjust lastly, on the Pregabalin demandand price trend,if you can helpus that could be
great?
ForPregabalin, | think the prices have been going downlike everythingelse over thelast 12 to
16 months. This price decrease has beenarrested andprices are stable now. So, we are
expecting some improvementin theprices, but we would probably expect improvementin
volumes coming ahead of improvementin prices and with the N-1, N-2 out of Chattral, the
margin improvementshould come in very quickly and substantially.
Page 18 of 19

Moderator:
Gokul Jaykrishna:
Moderator:
Thank you very much.Asthereare nofurther questions,| will now hand the conference over
to Mr. GokulJaykrishna for closing comments.
So, thank you,ladies and gentlemenfor attending the conferencecall today.It was a pleasure
interacting with all of you and your valuable questions were very useful for not only us
internally, but also for analysts and investors to give a perspective of the business. It was a
pleasureto interact after a while and report some good numbers andthesignsin the market
and generally macro environmentseemvery encouraging.So, as we know with the results for
theelection in India, we maybelooking at a very positive majority for BJP and NDA andthis
would also augur very well overthe next 5 years for generally demandwithin India and weare
well placedto take advantageofthat as well as global demand.Global demandis likely to come
back and come back strongly,
| think in the year 2025 calendarafter the US electionsin
November where| expect that mostlikely and hopefully Trumpwill triumphandwewill have
an end to the Ukraine war, which | hopebyearly next year and global demand, particularly out
of Europeshould surprise on thepositive side. This also augursvery well for our business and
our company. And with the API, as
| said, we are working at the R&D Center and with the
consultant help as well to ownin on new productsand new chemistries to rampupourtopline
in that business overthe next 3 years. As a group, that makesit very encouraging. Thankyou
to all my shareholders whohavestayed with the companyforthis difficult period which is now
coming to anend or already started improving andalso to my whole team, my employees, and
all of our team who has putin tremendouseffort over this difficult period and nowtheyare in
a position to strengthen the companyoverthe next year or two. The young team that we are
building at Asahiis getting stronger by the quarter andthis should augur well for our future as
well. Thank youall for attending.
Thank you very much. On behalf of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited, that concludesthis
conference. Thankyouforjoining us and you may now disconnect yourlines. Thank you.
Page 19 of 19
