 
Date: 08th May, 2024 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Services Department 
Corporate Communications Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 512455 
NSE Symbol: LLOYDSME 
 
Sub:  
Transcripts of the Q4 and F.Y. 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call conducted after the Meeting 
of Board of Directors of the Company 
 
Ref:  
Disclosure under Regulation 46(2) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“Listing Regulations 2015”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we give below the link to the Transcripts of the Q4 and F.Y. 
2023-24 Earnings Conference Call conducted after the Meeting of Board of Directors on 03rd May, 2024, 
hosted on the Company’s website: www.lloyds.in 
 
The audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also made available on the Company’s website at: 
www.lloyds.in 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Lloyds Metals and Energy Limited 
 
 
Trushali Shah 
Company Secretary 
Trushali 
Dinesh Shah
Digitally signed by 
Trushali Dinesh Shah 
Date: 2024.05.08 
17:24:47 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Lloyds Metals and Energy Limited  
Q4 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
 
LLOYDS METALS AND ENERGY LIMITED  
MR. RIYAZ SHAIKH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
LLOYDS METALS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SIDDHARTH GADEKAR – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Lloyds Metals and Energy Limited Q4 FY 
‘24 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Equirus Securities.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star "*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We at Equirus are pleased to host 
Lloyds 4Q FY ‘24 Results Conference Call.  
 
We have with us today Mr. Rajesh Gupta, Managing Director; Mr. Riyaz Shaikh, the CFO. 
 
Now I would like to invite Mr. Rajesh Gupta to initiate the proceedings for the results call. Thank 
you.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Good evening everyone, and good evening, Siddharth, and congratulations to you. Thank you 
for joining us all for our FY ‘24 Results Conference Call. I trust this message finds you well. I 
hope each one of you has had the opportunity to thoroughly review the detailed earnings release 
we had shared on the exchange and on our official website.  
 
The results that we are presenting today mark a significant milestone in our company’s journey. 
We have achieved a top line of Rs. 6,000 crore mark in revenue for this year. This achievement 
underscores the robust performance and growth we have experienced across all segments 
namely, sponge, iron ore and power.  
 
FY ‘24 has been pivotal for us as we are surpassed Rs. 1,000 crores in profit after tax, achieving 
dispatches of Rs. 10 million tons of iron ore . Looking ahead, our road map to Rs. 55 million is 
going to be one of its kind in the Indian iron ore space. We shall be single location mine operating 
at this scale.  
 
In terms of operation, our sponge segment has recorded its best yearly production as a result of 
the new Konsari plant, whereas the iron ore segment continues its strong performance and also 
produced Rs. 10 million is also a record. Additionally, our power segment has witnessed a 
satisfying traction.  
 
In FY ‘24, we set forth a comprehensive road map that charts our course for the future. Our 
direction is clear, and our execution team is fully dedicated to realizing our goals. We have spent 
specific timelines looking at various issues and diligently working towards them.  
 
Just to reiterate, again to give you a brief snapshot to we would provide you with a glimpse of 
our plans. We are moving towards forward integration in our operation to become a value-added 

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
steel maker with a 4.2-million-ton steel capacity in  total. This includes a good mix of 3-million-
ton flat products and 1.2 million ton of long products. Expanding our iron ore production is 
central to our plans, with beneficiation playing a crucial role.  
 
Furthermore, addressing logistics in steel making is vital and we plan to do so through two slurry 
pipelines to both our plants from the mine. This not only reduces freight costs but also aligns 
with our commitment to environmental sustainability. We believe that establishing such a 
capacity without resorting to debt will be a very big differentiating factor for us.  
 
I will now hand it over to Mr. Riyaz Shaikh – our CFO, who will provide more details on our 
headline numbers and elaborate on our capital expenditure also. Over to you, Riyaz.  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
Thank you, Rajeshji. Good evening, esteemed participants. Firstly, I thank all for taking the time 
to attend the company’s earnings Quarter 4 and FY ‘24 concall, and also thank the Equirus team 
for hosting the concall.  
 
So, to begin with today, I am delighted to share with you our operational performance for Quarter 
4 FY ‘24. I will then provide an overview of our full year FY ‘24 results and updates on our 
capital expenditure and dividend declaration.  
 
Starting with Quarter 4 FY ‘24, our revenue witnessed an impressive growth of 74% year-on-
year, primarily driven by higher volumes in our sponge and iron ore segment. Our EBITDA also 
mirrored this robust performance, increasing by 153% year-on-year in Quarter 4 FY ‘24, with 
both iron ore and sponge segments contributing significantly.  
 
Moving on to the full-year FY ‘24 Results: 
We continue to experience strong growth with revenue soaring by 90% year-on-year, 
predominantly led by increased volumes in our iron ore segment. Similarly, our EBITDA for 
FY ‘24 witnessed a substantial growth of 101% year-on-year, once again with the iron ore and 
sponge segments playing pivotal roles.  
 
Now, on the operational front: 
Our iron ore production stood at a commendable 10 million tons, while our DRI segments saw 
production of 2,60,000 tons. Additionally, our power division achieved sales of 188 million units 
during the year. On a per ton basis, our EBITDA for iron ore stood at INR 2,375 for Quarter 4 
and INR 1,710 for the full year.  
 
Now regarding our capital expenditure: 
In FY ‘24 we invested around INR 1,700 crores. We are pleased to inform you that we have 
been efficiently executing our CAPEX plan. The 85 kilometers slurry pipeline project is already 
50% complete and our DRI and pellet projects are progressing at a breathtaking speed. We 
anticipate both projects to be completed by FY ‘25.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
Moving on to our balance sheet: 
I am proud to announce that our company remains gross debt-free, and we envision it to remain 
so even after executing a CAPEX of INR 33,000 crores.  
 
Dwelling deeper into our returns, you will find that our ROCE remains north of 50%. However, 
if we adjust the CWIP numbers, our ROCE exceeds 100%. This indicates that our CAPEX 
projects are strategically placed to be ROIC-accretive.  
 
We have declared a dividend this year of 100%. That is Rs. 1 per share. Looking ahead, we are 
optimistic that our company will achieve major milestones in the coming years.  
 
Now I will open the floor for any questions you may have. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nikun Lahoti, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Nikun Lahoti: 
Sir, my question is, you mentioned in a video that in 4 to 5 years you expect the revenue to be 
after the steel plant coming and full expansion capacity of Rs. 25 million tons, revenue of Rs. 
35,000-40,000 crore. So, what could be like revenue break-up between iron ore and steel?  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
What is the break-up of iron ore versus steel?  
Nikun Lahoti: 
Yes, in future like of revenue, what could be expected?  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
So, broad basis, the figure that you are mentioning probably was given in one of my interviews. 
It is a simple calculation of the current rate of steel and iron ore. Approximately, our iron ore 
sales at that point of time will be around 6 million tons, sorry, 9 million tons, after our whole 
CAPEX plan is over. And steel pellet will be around 6 million tons, and other semis will be 
around half a million tons, and steel will be around 4.2 million tons. So, if you total all of that 
would come to 40,000 crores or probably a little more than that. The percentage of revenue I 
would leave for you to calculate.  
Moderator: 
We seem to have lost the line for Mr. Lahoti. We move to the next question. The next question 
is from the line of Nishant Bagrecha from InCred Equities. Please go ahead.  
Nishant Bagrecha: 
So, I have a couple of questions. Firstly, when do we expect to receive all the clearance to expand 
our mine to around 55 million tons? That is my first question.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
We expect this to, in various phases there are approvals such as the IBM plan approval and 
ultimately the EC. We expect all that to happen by the yearend 2024-25.  
Nishant Bagrecha: 
And sir, secondly, so just wanted to check on the volume outlook. So, how should we look at 
the volumes in FY ‘25, assuming we receive EC by the end of calendar year ‘24? And so can 
we see 15-16 million tons volumes in FY ‘25 and then 25 million tons in ‘26?  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Riyaz Shaikh: 
As Mr. Gupta just mentioned, we are expecting clearance by the year-end. That is mostly in the 
last quarter of the yearend. So, we are as such projecting of around 12 to 13 million tons in this 
year. 10 million is for sure and if the approvals are in place, which we are expecting, so pro-rata 
accordingly we should be getting around 3 to 4 million additional. So, around 13 million is what 
we are expecting to be doing in this financial year.  
Nishant Bagrecha: 
So, I have one more question. So, we have taken an enabling resolution for the QIP. So, when 
do we expect to complete the process? And again, how much are promoters going to infuse? 
Any color on that?  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
The process of the same is on. As you said, we have just got a clearance last week from the 
shareholders. The process is on and when everything is crystallized, we should be coming back 
to you.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
We are also planning that the dilution by the promoters will not be to a very large extent. There 
will be some dilution but not to the full extent. The promoters would be investing something. 
The plans are not yet freezed.  
Nishant Bagrecha: 
And sir, last one, a bookkeeping question. Like, how much incentives are we likely to receive 
each year starting from FY ‘25 to FY ‘29? And how would the incentive structure look beyond 
FY ‘29?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Incentives?  
Nishant Bagrecha: 
Yes.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
From the state government?  
Nishant Bagrecha: 
Yes, sir, from the state government.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, these incentives are on capital basis and actually when we start the processes. So, by that 
time, we will have FY ‘25, which is the current year, we would not have much of the plans 
operational. We will all start operating in the last quarter as predicted. So, there will not be any 
major incentives. Apart from what is balanced from previous periods, we are not anticipating to 
receive much incentives for FY ‘25. Post that, the figures are going to be approximately based 
on turnover et cetera and various rules. The cap that we have got is 150% of the CAPEX for one 
of the plants and 110% for the other plant. And at the end of the period, say 2030-31, it will be 
2,500 crores approximate. So, it is going to be a phased manner of incentives.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parthiv Shah from Tracom. Please go ahead.  
Parthiv Shah: 
Sir, I just had a query on one of your slides, Slide #19, where you mentioned the year-wiseiron 
ore output. And it mentions that first full-year post all approvals, year one, 25 million tons, mine 
DSO and then subsequently year 2, year 3, year 4 onwards, you have the BHQ element. So, sir, 
I just want to understand, when we talk of a statistical mining capacity of 55 million tons, is that 

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
like total, salable iron ore output, or out of that in the BHQ share, not all will be saleable? How 
to look at it? 
Rajesh Gupta: 
At the peak our, iron ore mining would be 55 million tons, with 10 million tons of DSO, and 45 
million tons of BHQ. The BHQ would be beneficiate down to 15 million tons. So, 10 plus 15, 
25 million tons would be the usable or sellable ore that we have at the end of the period. The 
beneficiation will be done through three plants, , the processes are on right now to put up these 
plants. The investments and the planning and the testing etc. started, and the pilot plant is on, so 
that the first beneficiation plant we hope to have in ‘27-’28.  
Parthiv Shah: 
And sir, in terms of ramping up the ore capacity, so you mentioned the FY ‘25, probably you 
are looking at 12 to 13 million tons, right? So, then, FY ‘26, ‘27, ‘28, any such roadmap you can 
give that, till the BHQ thing is up and running and proven…..  
Rajesh Gupta: 
25 million tons EC once approved and received. It would be producing 25 million tons of usable 
ore on that time. Depending on the beneficiation, the usable ore would have a mix of direct sales 
ore as well as beneficiated ore, which is there in the slide that you are talking about.  
Parthiv Shah: 
And sir, regarding the current fines, so are you, I am assuming you are selling the current fines 
in the market right now, or maybe you are providing to some pellet players till your pellet plant 
comes?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, we are selling all of our fines to pellet or sinterplant users. That includes a pellet plant. I 
mean, that’s what we don’t have our own pellet plant, as of now. That will happen next year, 
where we will use some of the fines. Does that answer your question, or did I miss some nuance 
of the question?  
Parthiv Shah: 
Yes. You had some trading agreement with some pellet producer.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, we do have an agreement to sell fines to MRPPL,a company in Goa, which is one of the 
oldest pellet plants in India, in the world in fact, and all the iron ore is being purchased by them 
from us. So, all their ore were consumed from our mine. That’s given stability of ore, all the 
exports and some quantities are being purchased by us back.  
 
This is giving us two advantages. One is it ties up a little small chunk of our iron ore sales. 
Number two, it also gives us the experience to do pellet seed marketing. We have established a 
brand called LMELPEL, and we hope to be selling that high-end pellets used for gas based DRI 
which is called DR Pellets to the MENA market particularly over the next year.  
Parthiv Shah: 
Sir, just for my simplistic understanding, your quality of pellets, how close will it be to Vale 
pellets?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Vale pellets, so there are two stages to this answer. Right now we are not beneficiating our own. 
We are designing it and using it. We have very small quantity of 66% Fe material, which we are 

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
using to make these pellets in MRPPL. Around 1.5 million tons, what maximum we can sell, 
whatever we require for export, we are giving that to him. That’s number one.  
 
So, the pellets are, the quality that MRPPL is making is nearly equal to that of Vale. I would say 
in a range from 0 to 100, it would be in the range of 85 to 90 is how near we are to Vale.  
 
When we go to our own pellet plant, the same schedule will arise till our beneficiation plant 
starts. Once the beneficiation plant starts, our ore will get upgraded to around 66-67% Fe and at 
that point of time, our pellets that we make in our own plant or in any other plant, in our plant 
or in MRPPL would be equal to Vale quality. Obtain similar kind of premium, Vale, like you 
know, uses 100% beneficial ore only. So, we are able to achieve that quality without 
beneficiating, which is a rarity in itself in today’s iron ore scenario.  
Parthiv Shah: 
Valid point, sir. Sir, you have mentioned in your PPT that along with iron ore you also had coal. 
Now, am I assuming correct? You don’t have any coal mine right now, right? So, your coal 
sourcing will come from there and how will you manage the cost of coal?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, coal we are buying for our DRI plant either through auction route from WCL or importing 
it. And later on we start our blast furnaces, the coking coal will be imported.  
Parthiv Shah: 
Do you have any plans to bid for any coal mines in the country?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
We haven’t bid for any coal mine at the moment.  
Parthiv Shah: 
Sir, just lastly regarding your value-added steel and talks of the 4.2 million tons per annum steel 
plant, flats and logs involved, just to understand, you will have better grip on your numbers 
because of your current backward integration nature, the type of quality of the ore that you have 
and your future plans and everything. So, you know, if currently say Tata Steel domestic 
EBITDA by ton is like the benchmark in terms of they can deliver in a good cycle, even a Rs. 
20,000 EBITDA by ton, what are you expecting? What sort of EBITDA by ton in a good cycle 
your plant will be able to deliver?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Sir, you very correctly mentioned about our cost control, especially without any premium. So, 
our mines will fetch no premiums royalty till 2057, which is a big differentiator from every other 
steel maker in the country today except one. Apart from that, we are not going to have, so we 
have one or two players will only be left with no premium mines in 2032, ‘31-’32. That will 
further add to our competitiveness compared to every other steel maker.  
 
Our iron ore is well stabilized. We have done good surveys and good resource calculations and 
exploration, and we are confident that the qualities are what I just mentioned, especially after 
beneficiation. For the 4.2 million tons, approximately 15 million tons of pipeline route will be 
used. So, though the plants are not at the pit head, for all practical purposes, the cost of 
transportation of iron ore is as good as that because of the pipeline route, and of course it also 
makes it greener. Again, with the beneficiated ore, our iron ore will be very high quality, lesser 
coke also greener.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Apart from this is our IPS root. Maharashtra is one state which gives a very robust investment 
incentive. Our average incentive between the two plants is around 125%, which is the cap over 
12 years. So, approximately, like I mentioned earlier, 2000 to 2005, the growth is flowing back 
to us once that peak flow happens.  
 
So, with all of this, we believe that on the cost front, we should be amongst the most competitive 
players, not only in India, but in the world. Of course, only time can tell, but we are very 
confident of our numbers.  
 
Regarding EBITDA, steel is a cyclical business. Between March and April, the price has gone 
up by Rs. 2,500 to Rs. 3,000. Why? Difficult to answer. So, it’s a cyclical business. I cannot 
answer about what will be the EBITDA numbers per se. But we believe that because of all this, 
the EBITDA numbers will always be stronger than every other steel company in India.  
Parthiv Shah: 
One more point regarding the choking of the current infrastructure. As I understand, with only 
10 million tons of iron ore mining, all the connecting roads and whatever rail infrastructure you 
can use are highly choked up. So, now we are talking of ramping up our ore mining. How 
supportive has the government been in terms of giving you both the road and the rail 
infrastructure or you are looking to develop the roads on your own? What is the thought process 
in that? Because I hear from every mining company that mining output is not an issue, but the 
logistics is a nightmare in our country. So, how are you tackling that challenge?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, I always say one thing, my friend, that steel is more of a logistics game than steel itself. For 
logistics out of the mine, we are developing our mines to the extent of, you know, every year we 
are spending up to Rs 100-150 crore to develop the roads and maintain the roads at our end, 
outside the mine also, up to the stockyard and up to the railway siding. This has ensured that we 
have been able to ramp up from half a million-ton dispatched in ‘21-’22 to ‘23-’24, that is 2.5 
years, to 10 million ton. Our monthly averages have gone up to a run rate of around 18 to 20 
million tons also in some of these months. In March, we produced very less iron ore because of 
reaching the capacity of 10 million tons. So, I do not think that to achieve 10 million tons we 
were ever choked up, to use your word. Railway facilities from the three sidings that we are 
using right now is quite adequate to all parts of the country. We have also over a period 
developed a lot of road network outside the state also. So, we are sending our material from the 
mine area to Raigarh, Raipur, even Orissa now in some cases, to West Bengal in some cases by 
road, taking advantage of incoming coal that comes in for various reasons or other inputs that 
are coming from the port. So, we are continuously on the watch out for looking at best logistics 
practices and it is a very, very important part of our business. I think that answers your questions. 
Parthiv Shah: 
Yes, sir. Thank you very much. Answers all my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up  Financial. Please 
go ahead.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, just two questions from my end. Sir, what is the capacity of the slurry pipeline when it will 
completely be commissioned?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, we have two pipelines planned. One is the pipeline from the mine or Hedri to our Konsari 
plant, both being in the district of Gadchiroli. That’s a 85-kilometer pipeline with a 10 million 
ton capacity. That pipeline has two grinding units, 5 million ton each. The first one will be 
commissioned in December-January and the second grinding unit will be commissioned next 
year. Both these grinding units are in sync with the pellet plant. So, at the end of that period, we 
would be transporting 10 million tons on this pipeline, 85 kilometers.  
 
The other pipeline that we have planned is a 5-million-ton pipeline from Hedri again to our 
Ghughus plant. This is in Chandrapur. The length of this pipeline is 185 kilometers. The survey 
of this pipeline has started, and we are applying for permission as we speak and that is a little bit 
further down the line, maybe by March ‘28-’29. I am getting confused. March ‘28 is when that 
pipeline will be ready, again linked with the pellet plant in that plant, in that location.  
 
So, a total of 15 million tons will be transported by pipeline out of the 25 million tons sellable 
product that we will be doing, leaving 10 million tons to be transported by other means, which 
is equal to what we are doing right now. So, in the long run, we are very confident of achieving 
our logistic needs.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
And what would be the approximate logistic cost savings when both these pipelines will be 
commissioned?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, in the first plant, around Rs. 700 to Rs. 800. In the second plant,  around Rs. 1,100 to Rs. 
1,200 rupees.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
And sir, my next question is regarding the CAPEX that we are undergoing. Can you tell us what 
is the pending CAPEX for all the expansion projects and when are these projects expected to be 
completed?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
It’s a very long, drawn out question. Long run out answer because the CAPEX plan is very, very 
extensive. Let me go location wise. The total CAPEX plan that we have is around Rs. 33,000 
crore. The first location that I will talk about is Chandrapur, which is our first plant. There we 
are in the first phase, we are doing 2 DRI units, 2 into 500 DRI units and a 2 into 30-megawatt 
power plant. The power plant is mostly from waste product. This should be ready by March ‘25.  
 
In the same location, 1.5 years down the line, we will go in for a steel plant. A steel plant will 
envisage one blast furnace, two arc furnaces, casters,  and two rolling mills to produce 1.2 million 
tons of wire rod product. The total plant expansion in this is around Rs. 6,300 crore with both 
these phases put together.  
 
The third phase is to this plant which is the pellet plant that we just talked about earlier with the 
pipeline. That pellet plant is 4 million tons. That 4 million tons would be utilized 2 million tons 
for the steel plant in this location and 2 million tons to sell to other steel plants next door to us. 

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Even the pellet plant and the pipeline, they will become more viable. And all this put together, 
Rs. 6,300 crore, Rs. 6,400 crore. And that is location number 1.  
 
Location number 2 is Konsari, which is in the district of Gadchiroli. In that location, we have 
started a DRI unit, 2 into 100, 2 into 95-ton DRI unit in a period of around 13 months after we 
got the EC clearance for that. Subsequently, now we are constructing the first pellet plant. The 
long-term plan of this is 2x4 million-ton pellet plant.  
 
The last one is BOF based flat product mill and downstream for making hot rolled galvanized 
coils and cold rolled galvanized coils. Out of the two pellet plants, we already have one pellet 
plant under construction along with the pipeline. That should be ready again by March ‘25, what 
I mentioned earlier, similar to the DRI unit.  
 
And the second pellet plant should be ready one year after that by June ‘26. And the steel plant 
targeted by September ‘28 to March ‘29. The total investment in this location along with the 
slurry pipeline that I earlier mentioned is around Rs. 21,000 crore. The permission for this steel 
plant is yet to be applied. All of the permissions are with us.  
 
The third location is our mine.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, just to interrupt, the blast furnace flat product is the 3 million tons.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Yes. The third location is the mine, where we right now are mining 10 million tons. We will 
upgrade that to 55 million tons, like I mentioned earlier, at an investment cost of around Rs. 800 
crore. This investment includes basically the basic infrastructure and like I said, roads, etc., 
everything. Apart from that, we have a plant next to this, which is already being constructed, as 
we speak, for the grinding unit of the pipeline. But apart from those grinding units of the pipeline, 
we will be putting up 3 beneficiation plants with a throughput of 15 million tons each and an 
output of 5 million tons each. That is around Rs. 5,000 crore investment. The total investment 
all put together is around Rs. 33,000 crore. And again, what Mr. Riyaz said, we have spent Rs. 
1,700 crore in the last two years. And right now, the expansion plans are very, very on and full 
swing.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhas Punjani from InCred Equities. Please go ahead.  
Abhas Punjani: 
I have a couple of questions regarding the ore. So, what will be the royalty rates for the low-
grade ore?  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
Royalty for low-grade.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, when we are talking about low-grade ore, we are talking about the BHQ?  
Abhas Punjani: 
Yes.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Currently the BHQ, the Indian IBM rules give iron ore grade up to 45%. This is 35%. So, if I 
take the pro rate up from 45 to 35, the royalty will be around Rs. 45 a ton for that ore.  
Abhas Punjani: 
So, what will be the approximately cost of mining?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
The mining cost including this royalty, the mining cost itself and the beneficiation cost would 
be in the same range that we have right now, which is around Rs. 2,500.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anand Kumar, who is an individual investor.  
Anand Kumar: 
Very nice to see the presentation from you, sir. Having said that particular thing, I think I see a 
lot of dynamism in the organization. For example, in the last PPT, we saw only one pipeline of 
89 kilometers. Now we see another pipeline that is coming up on that.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
That pipeline will be under construction  
Anand Kumar: 
So, that’s very good, sir. So, there is a lot of dynamism that is coming on that one and execution 
is going on very well. So, the first question related is that what would be the savings with the 
current DRI plant operation when this pipeline is complete? 
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, like you said, we will be saving Rs. 1,300 a ton. We use 1.8 metric ton of iron ore. So, 1.8 
into 1,100 is 3,500.  
Anand Kumar: 
It’s approximately 10% is what we are going to get more efficient with respect to...  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Yes, logistics is always a very, very big cost in our business.  
Anand Kumar: 
The second question is that when we recently completed one DRI plant I think few quarters 
back, are we getting any incentive from the Maharashtra government on that one or there is no 
incentive for that? 
Rajesh Gupta: 
The incentives are due. We are not yet claiming it for some strategic reasons. The incentives are 
due, but we are not claiming it. 
Anand Kumar: 
So, that is also covered under that one. Now, are we going to get incentives for this slurry pipe 
or we are not going to get incentives for this slurry pipe investment?  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
Yes. All our capital… 
Anand Kumar: 
We are going to get.  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
Yes, will be applicable for incentives.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Anand Kumar: 
We are going to get that one. The second one question, sir, previously, you were talking about 
power plant expansion. If you really look at your previous presentation, you spoke about 
expanding the power generation to only 90 Megawatt more or something like that.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
I am sorry, my feel on investment, I missed out on power. My apologies. All the plants the power 
plants will be captive in the first location, it will be around 150 Megawatts and the other location 
will be around 300 Megawatt. Hedry will not be captive. That will be buying power from outside.  
Anand Kumar: 
But sir, is it right to go for the, it is going to be coal-based power generation, right, sir? It would 
be coal-based power generation, right, sir?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Yes, I was just coming to that. Out of 450 Megawatt, around 300 Megawatt we envisage to be 
waste heat recovery or waste coal recovery, waste products recovery basically, and around 150 
Megawatt would be direct coal-based thermal power.  
Anand Kumar: 
Sir, is there any thought about using solar power for generating and using locally? Just like 
Godavari power had done that particular thing substantially in the recent past and they saved a 
lot of money on that.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
The plans are not yet frozen. We are looking at investing through the captive route that is 
available in the market. We are looking at investing for some solar power in that route. The plans 
are not yet frozen. We are looking at it very actively.  
Anand Kumar: 
I think that would be important because otherwise you establish the whole plant and after that 
again we will have to go green. So, you get into solar, it would be unnecessarily a power plant, 
we will have to keep it idle on that one. So, that was the question that was there.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
If the power is not there, there is no power plant. So, in the long run, we envisage that to be 
totally solar. We hope to get there very shortly.  
Anand Kumar: 
Sir, it would be very helpful. What are the projects which are going to become on by the end of 
this year? If some kind of information is provided, that would be good. I know things are 
happening at a break-neck speed, but as an investor is not being aware about what is happening 
on that one, it would be helpful if you can actually put a slide saying that what is expected to 
happen by the end of the year and next year. So, that we have some estimates what is happening 
further on that.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, I have mentioned earlier, this year ‘24-’25, we should have the two DRI plants ready.  
Anand Kumar: 
That is 0.36 MT.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
0.36 million tons ready. And we will have the associated power plant ready. And we will have 
one pellet plant ready and with that one pipeline for that. And the mine should be ready to 
produce 25 million tons.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Anand Kumar: 
And out of this pellet plant, what are we going to produce 4 million tons one? That would also 
be supporting the DRI plant, sir, or is it going to be completely sold out differently?  
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, that’s a call that the market, because this first, we have been producing for the first 1.5 years, 
we have been producing around 800,000, 650,000 tons of DRI. We will have the option during 
this period because we will be selling the product out. So, depending on the market requirement, 
we can be flexible either DRI or pellet, I mean either iron ore DRI or pellet-based DRI.  
Anand Kumar: 
So, that’s going to depend upon that cost economics at that point of time. Is my understanding 
right, sir? It depends upon that market pricing at that point of time.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
On the market pricing, because at that time, I am not consuming our own DRI. Then our results, 
our thought process will be much more crystal clear.  
Anand Kumar: 
The other one that is another question that I have is that previously you were talking about 
increasing the mining capacity by 20%, that is 10 million to 12 million, because you need very 
little EC clearance of process for that.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
I have talked about a year back or so, or around nine months back, I remember. When we went 
into the detailing of that process, we realized that we do save on the public hearing process, but 
the other processes of the approval are very, very same. So, we decided to go in for the big bang 
approach rather than small approach of 20%, 20% and then the beneficiation plan. And also we 
got very encouraging results from the beneficiation studies that we have carried out. We also 
produced, I have not produced, I have set up our pilot plant for the beneficiation in record time. 
So, with all that on the beneficiation, we decided to go the big bang way.  
Anand Kumar: 
So, that means this year mining capacity is going to be 10 million is what we should be. That’s 
what, yes.  
Rajesh Gupta: 
Actually, it depends very much on when exactly we get it, because after that we will have to do 
it pro rata. So, let us see how it works out.  
Anand Kumar: 
But anyway, even if you get it by March, I think it would be extraordinary speed for getting the 
EC clearance. I would definitely look forward to hearing the positive news on that.  
Riyaz Shaikh: 
10 million would be the minimum. Anything over and above that would be based on approvals  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in the queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Rajesh Gupta: 
So, thank you everybody for all the very interesting questions and we hope we have been able 
to be lucid in the answers and our Investment Relations desk will always be open for any other 
questions. Thank you.  

 
Lloyds Metal and Energy Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
