                                                                                                                
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Floor No. 25, PJ Towers         
Bandra (E) 
Dalal Street           
Mumbai: 400 051 
 
 
Mumbai: 400 001 
                                          
Trading Symbol: “SOLARINDS” 
 
Scrip code: 532725 
Through NEAPS  
 
 
Through BSE Listing Center 
 
Subject:  Transcription of Conference Call with reference to the Audited Financial Results 
for the quarter and year ended on March 31, 2024 and earnings for the FY 2023-24 with 
the Management of the Company. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated May 13, 2024, we are forwarding herewith a copy of 
Transcription of Conference call hosted by ICICI Securities on Friday, May 17, 2024 at                
11.00 a.m. to discuss the Audited Financial Results for quarter and year ended on March 31, 
2024 and earnings for the FY 2023-24  with the Management of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly, 
 
For Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
 
Khushboo Pasari 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Khushboo 
Anish Pasari
Digitally signed by 
Khushboo Anish Pasari 
Date: 2024.05.20 14:44:54 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Solar Industries India Limited 
Q4 FY‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2024 
 
 
 
                   
    
     
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANISH NUWAL - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – SOLAR INDUSTRIES 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SURESH MENON - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – SOLAR 
INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MONEESH AGRAWAL - JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SHALINEE MANDHANA – JOINT CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SOLAR INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. AANCHAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS – SOLAR 
INDUSTRIES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT DIXIT – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Solar Industries India Limited Q4 FY'24 
Results Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
I now hand the conference to Mr. Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks, Tushar. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. At the outset, I 
would like to thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call. From the 
management today, we have Mr. Manish Nuwal, MD and CEO; Mr. Suresh Menon, ED; Mr. 
Moneesh Agrawal, Joint CFO; Ms. Shalinee Mandhana, Joint CFO.  
Without much ado, I would hand over the call to Ms. Aanchal from Solar Industries to take this 
forward. Over to you, ma'am. 
Aanchal: 
Thank you so much, Amit. A very good morning to our dear stakeholders and well wishers. My 
name is Aanchal, and I would like to welcome you all to the concluding Conference Call of 
FY'24.  
To begin with, I would like to remind you that during this call, we might make projections or 
other forward-looking statements regarding future events and about the future financial 
performance. Please remember that such statements are only predictions. Actual events or results 
may differ materially. And our website will be updated with all the relevant information timely.  
Now I would request Solar's CEO and MD, Mr. Manishji Nuwal for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Manish Nuwal: 
A very good morning to all our valued stakeholders. We are pleased to close FY'24 with the 
highest ever quarterly and yearly profit at INR243 crores and INR875 crores, respectively. The 
turnover of the company stands at INR1,611 crores and INR6,070 crores for the quarter and 
year, respectively. In FY'24, better performance in domestic business and increased defense 
sales helped us to expand our margins, resulting in the highest ever EBITDA and profit after tax 
in absolute terms for the year, which is at INR1,414 crores and INR875 crores.  
These results are being achieved despite the losses from currency fluctuations and 
hyperinflationary conditions, which is causing because of the interest rates, which has resulted 
into a revenue loss of around INR300 crores in this quarter and INR900 crores in the whole year. 
And we incurred EBITDA losses of additional INR40 crores in this quarter and INR150 crores 
in the year as compared to the previous year. This kind of performance reflects the strength of 
the company and its management.  
We are satisfied in sharing the fact that the defense annual revenue has crossed INR500 crores-
plus for the first time in any financial year, although it is a little lower than our annual guidance. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Our defense order book now stands at around INR2,600 crores, and we are expecting big orders 
in the coming quarters.  
As a result of these orders, which we have and expected orders, we are expecting the defense 
revenue to grow threefold in FY'25. Our business goals are well aligned with the country's 
ambition to make India Atmanirbhar in the field of ammunition and emerge as a major export 
hub in the coming years. 
 
The domestic explosives volume in this quarter grew significantly by around 24% and 20% in 
the whole year, which is mainly because of strong growth from mining and infrastructure sector 
and recent acquisition of Rajasthan Explosives.  
The domestic explosives order book of Coal India and Singareni stands at around INR2,500 
crores. We are entering FY'25 with an optimistic outlook on our business. The country's 
momentum in the domestic market is likely to help us to increase our volumes by 15% and 
international business should also do much better than this year -- than the previous year. 
 
We are expecting defense business to rise significantly, and it should become around 20% of 
our annual revenue for the year FY'25, which is currently at 9%. Based on this background, 
friends, we are expecting the top line to show a growth of around 30% and EBITDA margins to 
improve further from the current levels. Looking at the upcoming opportunities, we have 
planned capex of around INR800 crores in FY'25. Our company has also proposed a dividend 
of INR8.5 per share for this year compared to INR8 in the previous year.  
Now I will hand over the call to Aanchal to take you through the financials. Thank you. 
Aanchal: 
Thank you, sir. Before beginning, I would like to quote this year has been extraordinary in Solar's 
history, where we have achieved milestones despite the challenges quoted by our MD. Quoting 
a few of them again, highest ever EBITDA at INR1,414 crores and PAT at INR875 crores. 
Defense order book stands at highest levels of INR2,600-plus crores.  
Huge capex plans around INR800 crores, strong return to our stakeholders by creating a new 
market cap of INR80,000 crores plus. Needless to mention, keeping the contingent foundation 
of sustainable growth ahead for our stakeholders. We have shared the investor presentation 
carrying all the necessary information for your perusal. Hence, we will discuss the same very 
quickly. 
 
Key highlights for the fourth quarter and year to be taken together. Sales. The consolidated 
revenue for the quarter is INR1,611 crores versus INR1,929 crores, and for the whole year, it is 
INR6,070 crores against INR6,923 crores. Our explosives volume for the quarter and year has 
increased by 24% and 20%, respectively. Initiating systems revenue increased by 7% in the 
quarter and 13% in the year.  
The percentage of the sectors and the customer baskets are as follows: CIL is at 15%. Non-CIL 
and Institutional is at 16%. H&I is at 19%, exports and overseas at 37% and defense has doubled 
in the past Q4 from 6% to 12%. In that year, the basket more or less is same, except for defense, 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
which is at 9% from 6% in the basket. And in absolute terms, the same is increased by around 
30% year-on-year. 
 
Raw material costs, the consumption of the quarter stands at INR830 crores against INR1,191 
crores. For the year, it stands at INR3,196 crores against INR4,342 crores. Employee costs for 
the quarter stands at INR219 crores against INR99 crores and for the year stands at INR434 
crores against INR353 crores. Other expenses for the quarter stands at INR309 crores against 
INR281 crores. And for the year, it stands at INR1,071 crores against INR939 crores.  
Coming to the EBITDA. We report a quarter EBITDA at INR371 crores against INR369 crores, 
showing the rise of around 3% or 4% in the margins, which is from 19.12% in the previous year 
to 23.06% despite the challenges mentioned in the beginning of the call. Had those challenges 
not affected the business, there would have been better margins. We reported yearly EBITDA 
at INR1,414 crores against INR1,320 with a margin of 23.29% against 19.07%. Depreciation 
costs stand at INR37 crores against INR35 crores, whereas yearly cost stands at INR143 crores 
against INR128 crores. 
 
Coming to interest and finance charges, it quarterly stands almost at a similar level of around 
INR32 crores, and yearly cost stands at INR109 crores against INR90 crores. PBT stands at 
INR305 crores against INR302 crores with a fantastic increase in the PBT margins that is 
18.96% against 15.66%. And for the year, it stands at INR1,161 crores against INR1,102 crores 
with a massive rise in the margin at 19.13% against 15.91%.  
Coming to the PAT. PAT stand at INR243 crores against INR221 crores with margins standing 
at 15.07% against 11.44%. And for the year, it stands at INR875 crores against INR811 with a 
margin of 14.42% against 11.72%. These were the updates for the quarter and the year. This is 
all from our side.  
Now we would be very happy to take any questions, comments and suggestions that you may 
have. Over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, losses due to currency fluctuation, hyperinflation, we lose INR900 crores top line in this 
year. Will you tell more commentary about this, please. 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Yes, sir. Sir, we had reported that we have lost around INR900 crores in the top line. This is 
called a translation loss because if we see the currency of two of our main geographies, especially 
Turkey and Nigeria, the currency has depreciated in Turkey by around 62% and Nigerian 
currency on an average have depreciated by more than 100%. So as a result, if we compare the 
sales to previous year's currency numbers, we see the translation loss of INR900 crores. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. Whatever investment we are doing in Turkey or other countries, you are making losses of 
that investment also? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
No, sir, that's just a book entry as far Ind AS 29 on hyperinflation and currency fluctuations. So 
at local levels, if we compare, we are making profits and the business is growing at local level. 
Ravi Naredi: 
It means when we receive the payment of whatever we have sold the material there, then this 
currency loss will be null -- nil? 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
So what happens, there are 3 layers of currency conversions. One is the local layer, for example, 
if we take Turkish lira, that gets converted into dollar terms. And when we report in INRterms 
at console levels that gets converted into INR. So if you see the currency translation from lira to 
USD, it's 62% depreciation. But when we convert from dollar to INR, the depreciation is hardly 
4%. So just a translation loss. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Okay. Another, you mentioned the 2,000… 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav from ASK Investment Managers. 
Nirav: 
Would it be possible for you to help with the volume business that was done across Turkey and 
Nigeria? If I can get that data for FY'24 versus FY'23, it would be really helpful. 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
Sir, you'll get that in annual report and as a matter of policy, we do not declare countrywide data. 
But on overall level, if we see we have similar volume growth at international level around 10% 
to 15% ROCE there. 
Nirav: 
Would it be possible for you to share any guidance for FY'25 because things have been really 
very volatile for our business. Any commentary on that would be really very helpful. 
Shalinee Mandhana: 
You are asking about international market? 
Nirav: 
Both, local and international. For FY'25, what kind of volumes can we expect across both 
domestic and international? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. If you look at our current domestic explosives market, and the guidance which we have 
given, that we should be able to deliver a growth of around 15%. And as far as international 
business is concerned, it is a multi-geographic position. So it will be difficult to give any volume 
guidance on that front. But definitely, we will be doing around -- in a range of 10% to 15%. 
Nirav: 
Sir, in the domestic side, you said 15% of volume growth, right? Just confirming that. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Nirav: 
What can be the capex number for FY'25? 
Manish Nuwal: 
That is what Aanchal has mentioned that for this year, FY'25, we are planning a capex of around 
INR800 crores. And in that, defense will be around INR400 and Explosives will be around 
INR400 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Muchhala from Centrum Broking. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Congrats for a very good performance in FY'24. So sir, a couple of questions. First on the defense 
segment, so I mean, can you provide status update on the Pinaka order since Defense Acquisition 
Council approval had come long ago, so exactly where -- which stage the order is in? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So as far as that long-term orders are concerned, which we have shared that we are expecting in 
next couple of quarters. The reason is that because of recent elections, the certain approvals are 
still on that block list or you can say that it is in a final stage. But as far as orders or other 
technical things are concerned, those are cleared. And we have also cleared the draft, contractual 
agreements also. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Sir, this would be sir for Phase 1 or for all 3 phases together now the order will be placed? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So once it comes, we will definitely share. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sure, sir. And second related question on defense is that you have mentioned in the press release 
that you expect some large orders in the upcoming quarters. So excluding Pinaka, which are the 
other product categories where we can expect large-sized orders? Sir, I can understand the 
quantitive details might be confidential but even qualitatively, if you can just provide some other 
product categories where just like Pinaka opportunities are very large, then that would be helpful. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes, yes. Like we have always been sharing that we are likely to receive long-term orders for 
supplying Pinaka rockets. Apart from this, we have recently also shared with all the stakeholders 
that we have received certain export orders. And based on the current geopolitical situations and 
the vacuum in this market, we are expecting more orders in coming quarters. That is what we 
have shared. And like you are aware that we have plenty of ammunition product range and those 
can be from any of the products. So it's a wide range, and we will keep sharing as we move 
forward. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Sure, sir. Sir, a question on our domestic market's realization. So in Q3 and Q4, we have seen 
realization stabilizing at around INR44,000 per metric ton. So for the near term of, let's say, 
FY'25, what would be the outlook for the ammonium nitrate prices of realization? Can we expect 
this to also remain stable or do you expect any material increase/decrease from the current 
levels? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So if you look at the trends of last 4 years, we have seen that most of the commodities has gone 
drastically up and in last year, we have seen that commodity has softened, and some correction 
has also happened from the bottom level. So as far as ammonium nitrate is concerned, we can't 
predict the pricing. But if we look at our business acumen or overall level of understanding, we 
believe that these prices are now at a reasonable or sustainable level. So these prices should keep 
growing on, unless there are some TAN disruption in either gas supplies or international 
geopolitical situation or shipping problem, which we can't predict anyhow. 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Correct. So sir, just to clarify, you mentioned that this prices should remain stable or from this 
level, they should go up? I just missed that. 
Manish Nuwal: 
So my belief is that these are reasonable and sustainable prices. That's all. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, last question. So sir, this is also the year ending call. So for FY'24 and 
also for the near-term outlook of FY'25, if you can just highlight the quantitatively the 
performance of some of our key overseas markets, like Australia, Indonesia, I mean, South 
Africa, et cetera. How was the performance in FY'24 and qualitatively, FY'25, how it looks like? 
That would be my last question. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Sure, sure. So if you look at our international business and the scenarios which is happening, we 
all know that because of the rate increase, which is interest rate increase by most of the countries. 
People are not finding it easy to handle this kind of situation. So most of the countries are facing 
difficulties, and India is one of the lucky country which has handled this situation quite way. So 
if you look at international scenario because of rates hike, hyperinflation is happening. And as a 
result, certain demand slowdown has also we have observed. But all said and then, our company 
has performed much better if you look at the real ground situation. 
 
So in this year, like we have already shared that we have done sales of around INR2,457 crores 
compared to last year INR2,796 crores, which is a drop of only 12%. And if you look at the 
normal price dropping, it is more than that. So we have done quite well, especially in countries 
where we have also shared that we are struggling from last couple of years mainly South Africa 
and Australia. 
Now those countries, we are more comfortable at this moment. And in '24, '25, which is FY'25, 
we should see much, much improved numbers. So like you are aware as our policy, we can't 
comment on each country because we look it as a -- from holistic angle, business as a whole. So 
I can say that the business from overseas is doing much better, looking at the ground situation 
and should do much better in FY'25. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from Research Analyst. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sir, my first question is on your product development front. Sir, recently, you had announced 
that there's a new product coming on anti-drone side, namely Bhargavastra. So can you give us 
a little bit more details regarding the product development side and when we can see it getting a 
user trial approvals and maybe start reporting us on the revenue side? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. What we have always been sharing with our valued stakeholders that the company is 
investing a lot in developing new technologies or absorbing the new technologies to develop the 
new products. So our strategy is to develop the latest and state-of-the-art products, which can 
help the nations to secure its border better. And in line with that, we are keep investing, and we 
have also shared that we are working on anti-drone systems. And once it develops and once we 
-- our products are qualified, we will definitely share those details with our stakeholders. As of 
now, it is in the pipeline, and we are working quite well. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my next question is slightly on the ammunition market scenario, sir. Sir, one of 
your competitors have mentioned that there has been an uptick -- a significant uptick in the 
ammunition demand led from the global perspective. Sir, so can you throw some light on the 
demand that we are seeing, witnessing in the ammunition side of it? And what kind of 
performance you expect for ammunition in FY'25? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
So as a matter of policy, we don't comment on what others are saying. But like we have been 
saying from last couple of quarters that we are getting huge orders from the international market. 
And I think that is a reflection of what's happening around the world, and that is what we are 
saying. And we have also captured in our annual commentary that we are expecting new orders 
in the coming quarters. I think that should give a clear reflection of what's happening and what 
company is doing. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just 1 bookkeeping question, sir. Can you give us an overall split of Explosives 
and Initiating Systems and Defense in domestic as well as international? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So we have already given the sales revenue breakup in our presentation. But we don't give the 
volume on global -- let's say, India, separately and global separately because the product range 
is quite wide, and it is not wise for us to share all those details in the interest of the company. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Bharat Shah from ASK Investment Managers. 
Bharat Shah: 
A hearty congratulations for the year gone by. I think a year of remarkable tumultuous changes. 
Ammonium nitrate price volatility, world like a war zone, which in some sense is beneficial to 
you. But a lot of volatility in many, many key metrics and to manage that and to emerge from it 
stronger, certainly team Solar and you both deserve great compliments. The -- just 1 or 2 
questions on the future outlook. Earlier, we have many times discussed that long-term growth is 
going to be 20% plus in volume terms. 
 
And it would remain at that level or better for at least next 3 to 5 years, considering all the various 
product initiatives, opportunities within country, outside country, defense and nondefense, all 
applications. And that is something we have felt comfortable again and again. But for the current 
year FY'25, volume growth we have saying is likely to be more like 15% domestic and 
international, hard to club it all together, but maybe 10% to 15%. But in value terms, you gave 
a guidance of 30% jump in revenue. So, a, is the volume growth softened compared to 20%; and 
b, therefore, we expect some firming up of the price so that revenue growth is 30%? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Sir, if you look at our -- the guidance, we have said that in this year, we should grow by around 
30% on top line basis. So if you take the defense out from that, the growth from say around 
INR510 crores to threefold, which will be around say INR1,500 crores-plus that is our 
expectations.  
If you remove that additional INR1,000 crores from defense, it means that around INR1,000 
crores will come from the core explosives business, which in itself is around 15%. So we believe 
that these prices, even if they don't go up or don't go down, we are considering the prices to 
remain at these levels, we are expecting 15% volume rise across the globe.  
So it can vary, in India, it may go up by 17%, in global market, it can grow up by 12%. So it's a 
mix of all. So based on that kind of understanding what we have on our business, we are 
expecting 15% rise from explosives business and around threefold increase in the defense 
business, which will help us to grow in FY'25 by around 30%. 
Bharat Shah: 
Therefore, by implication, defense business would have a better pricing, I suppose? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
Absolutely, sir, because like we have been sharing that defense businesses are doing better. 
Although in number terms, we can always say that it is only INR510 crores, which is lower than 
INR750 crores target. So we accept that it is lower than our target. But like we said that because 
of the supply chain issues on the Red Sea side has deferred the shipments. But those are the 
business challenges. But as far as pricings are concerned, definitely, prices in defense products 
are better, margins are better. 
Bharat Shah: 
Right. Sir, I understood, nondefense part of the business, volume growth will be 15%. Defense 
will triple in rupee terms. And given the fact that it is better pricing, therefore, overall revenue 
growth, you expect to be 30% in rupee terms. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes, sir. 
Bharat Shah: 
Yes. And my implication is you mentioned also that margins are expected to improve because 
defense business is margin rich kind of activity. So that will pull up the margins? Or nondefense 
business also is expected to improve the margins? 
Manish Nuwal: 
We sincerely believe that the margins we are getting from our core business is quite comfortable 
level or more than a comfortable level. So we don't oversee that it should go up drastically. Even 
if we're able to maintain these levels, then it is quite commendable. Another factor that there are 
certain territories where we would like to expand our volumes and there are territories which we 
were making losses. So in this FY'25, definitely turnaround has already started, so we will do 
much better in those territories. And we would like to expand volumes in the coming years. So 
it's a mix of various strategies, but ultimate strategy is to expand volumes and increase our 
market shares. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. And therefore, satisfactory margins you would put it as in 22%, 24% range? 
Manish Nuwal: 
For Explosives business, we expect around 20% to 22%. And from defense, we have better 
margins. So business as a whole, we are saying we should do more than the current level, which 
is around say 23%. 
Bharat Shah: 
Sure. That's what I meant. And 1 last question, Manish. Over many discussions in last couple of 
years, and you generally believe that volume growth would be 20% plus. So in the current year, 
that's a bit of a lower one, but it's -- I hope it is one-off. And longer-term trajectory for 3, 5 years, 
we are looking at volume growth of 20% plus. Is that correct? Or any revision there? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Sir, if you look at our last year's annual call also, you have raised the same question and I have 
replied to that, that we are working on volume increase of around 15% plus in coming years on 
compounded basis, and bottom line should increase by at least 20% on compounded basis.  
So sir, based on that, we are actually doing better than that. And if you take last year basis, which 
was around INR809 crores bottom line, so if you multiply and do the compounding, then it 
should take around 4 years to double up that level.  
But we fairly believe based on the opportunities which we are getting and the way we are 
executing those things, we believe that if you take last year base as INR809 crores so if you 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
multiply it or double then we should do it in 3 years' time. So which is even earlier than what 
we have explained to you earlier. 
Bharat Shah: 
Okay. No, I appreciate it. And once again, congratulations for the remarkable performance in 
very, very difficult and volatile conditions that the last year represented. Hearty congratulations. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes. Congratulations for a good performance, sir, in a very testing time for aluminum -- 
ammonium nitrate prices and all. So a few questions from my side. Just wanted to know because 
you have upped the capex significantly compared to last year. So -- and you are indicating that 
INR400 crores would be towards defense and INR400 crores towards explosives.  
Is it possible to highlight the particular -- I know actually defense is a system space but in 
explosives where we are expanding, are we expanding capacity at the current space? Or it is also 
to do with the -- with some of the greenfield projects that we might undertake? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes. If you look at our capex programs, which we have done over last couple of years, and if 
you look at the guidance of '25, so the expansions which we are doing it at our -- the current 
mother plant, which is at Nagpur and the expansions of new facility, ground -- greenfield 
facilities, which is coming out around the location, which is on Gujarat and Maharashtra border.  
And the company which we acquired in the last year, which is Rajasthan Explosives and 
Chemicals. If you combine all these 3 and the future additions in our capacities for delivering 
more bulk explosives. So if you combine all these 3, 4, we are expanding our facilities quite 
aggressively and almost creating facilities for next 4 to 5 years. So for that, this investment is 
required. 
 
And mainly in overseas market, we are entering into new territories, although investments will 
not be big but if you look at our 7 to 8 countries current presence outside India, and the upcoming 
facilities, we need to invest. So for explosives, in combination, we are expecting not less than 
INR400 crores in this FY'25 and defense because of the huge opportunities coming up so we 
have received lots of orders.  
We are expecting a lot of orders in future as well. So based on those things, we are expanding 
our facilities to supply more quantities. And at the same time, we are investing a lot in developing 
new products. So if you combine these 2, INR400 crores is nothing, in coming years, we will 
scale up these capex programs. 
Amit Dixit: 
Wonderful, sir. That's helpful. The second bit is on defense space. So if I look at your order 
book, what has been understated is the texture of this order book. So our export order book, 
particularly the orders which are of shorter duration have gone up significantly. Now while we 
expect to receive the -- or some certain big orders in the country, will this -- will getting these 
big domestic orders also open up further export opportunities for the similar products? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes, that is what I said, no, we are getting huge inquiries and lot of traction is there. And as a 
result of which we already received orders and we are likely to receive many orders in the 
coming quarters. These are apart from the programs in which we have already participated for 
the Indian business programs. So it's a mix of India's defense programs as well as the export of 
these products for the market, which is outside India.  
And that's the policy of our government of India that we should make our country self-sufficient 
and now they are talking about making India the export hub. But our company is already working 
in that direction from last couple of years. And in last say, '23, '24, we have seen a glimpse of 
that. In '24, '25, we will see the clear picture of that. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Rohan from Nuvama. 
Rohan: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers in such a turbulent time. Sir, my first question is on 
the volume growth guidance which you have mentioned is roughly this year is looking close to 
15%. Sir, I think that '24 year gone by was even more challenging and with the high TAN prices, 
explosive prices were on the higher side. Then also we could achieve 20% kind of a volume 
growth in the current year. 
So just wanted to understand that the weakness which you are anticipating in the next year in 
terms of the pure volume, while the infra activities and all remains solid. So -- and when the 
Coal India demand and everything is still on track. So just wanted to understand that the reason 
for looking at a 15% kind of volume growth for the next year. 
Manish Nuwal: 
So if you look at the current situation, we have said that our volume growth will be plus 15% on 
compounded basis for a couple of years till if anything slows down or coal mining slows down 
or infrastructure slows down. So we have achieved 20% volume growth in FY'24, and we are 
saying 15% plus growth in '25. So if you look at the dynamics of the businesses, whether changes 
are happening, some slowdown can happen for a couple of months and all that. So it impacts our 
business.  
And if you look at the global businesses are also that last year was the worst year as far as 
business is concerned in last 3, 4 years of time after the COVID. So we are recovering out of 
that. And if you club all these 3 factors and if you keep some bit of uncertainty in any kind of 
business, so we are giving a fair guidance of 15% volume rise, which is also quite good if you 
look at the overall growth rate of around 8% in the Indian market. 
Rohan: 
No sir, absolutely it's quite encouraging to -- even at 15%. I just wanted to understand the reason 
for slightly -- some moderation in numbers, which we are seeing in growth for the year. So I get 
your point you are being slightly I mean conservative and looking at the current environment. 
Sir, second is... 
Manish Nuwal: 
So Rohan, what happens that sometimes you believe that in Indian market, it is growing at 7% 
and how you are saying that you will do 20%. So there are certain bit of uncertainties or more 
understanding of the business which we have. So based on that, we are saying 15% plus volume 
growth. Which doesn't mean that we will end up at 15%. It can be higher, 17%, 18% or it may 
be 20%. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Rohan: 
Definitely, sir. Sir, coming on our defense business so current quarter has picked up very well 
and your growth -- I mean, your guidance for next year is quite increasing with roughly 
INR1,500 crores to INR1,600 crores kind of revenue. Sir, you are talking about further putting 
INR400 crores capex in your defense in the current year. And I understand that broadly we 
would have invested close to so far now INR800 crores to INR900 crores in defense business.  
Sir, I mean, though we do understand that the defense follows any asset turnover metrics because 
here the delta can be quite high. But just to give some broad numbers, if you can get that what 
kind of asset turn or the -- this defense in a longer term can have on an ongoing basis over next 
2 to 3 years? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So I think if you look at our current year, we have been around INR509 crores. And next year, 
we are expecting that it should triple, which is around INR1,500 crores. And as we get more 
orders like we have said, we will also give the next level of guidance in coming quarters. So let 
us wait for that time, and then you can do your own calculation on asset turnover and all that. 
Because we don't run our business on those logics. 
Rohan: 
Okay. So I was just looking that from a INR1,500 defense for next year and if we continue to 
maintain that run rate, are we planning to invest significantly in FY'26, maybe defense as a 
business may require an investment of INR500 crores to INR1,000 crores or it will be sufficient 
with the current investment and after that, investment in '26, '27 will be moderated at INR300 
crores to INR400 crores annualized number? That's what I just wanted to understand. 
Manish Nuwal: 
Okay. If you look at our last 5 to 7 years of growth, the cash accruals and capex programs. So it 
was quite clear that we were passing through a phase when cash accrual or business profits were 
less, and capex program was on a higher side, which means that capex was more than the cash 
accrual. And if you look at our commentary of last couple of years, we have said very clearly 
that we are investing these things for the future business opportunities.  
And if you look at last year's number, our profits or cash accrual is more than the -- what we 
invested. And if you look at '25 guidance, and we are saying that revenue should increase by 
30%, and you do your own calculation on the EBITDA and profit, which will be not less than 
40% growth, right?  
So if you capture that and if you look at our capex program, now it has almost reached to around 
65% or 70% of what we are accruing, so we have entered into another phase of our company's 
future capex program or strategic placement. So as we are moving up, we are announcing the 
capex programs. And definitely, we will announce more as we move forward. 
Rohan: 
Fair enough, sir. And sir, just last bit from my side. And so on a global markets, definitely, we 
have seen Nigeria and Turkey going through the tough environment. But apart from currency, 
have we seen that volumes have been impacted in these markets and in the current year, in FY'25, 
if you can give some sense that the newer markets where we have entered Australia, Tanzania 
and all last year so how these markets are picking up? And any new markets you are planning 
to enter into the current year? 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Manish Nuwal: 
So I have already answered a similar question in my earlier call. And if you look at the transcript 
of that, it is very clear that as far as business is concerned, international markets are getting 
impacted because of the higher interest rates and higher interest rates resulting into the 
hyperinflationary situation in some of the markets. And because of these factors hyperinflation 
is there, currency fluctuations are there, and lack of dollar availability is also there in some of 
the African markets. So these are the ground realities.  
And as we move forward, these things should improve. And based on that, we have already said 
that our overseas business will be much better in FY'25. And I think that is enough kind of 
explanation on what is happening on the ground, what we believe, what we have achieved and 
what we are going to achieve. 
Rohan: 
Sir, any comment on the newer markets you're entering? 
Manish Nuwal: 
We have already said in the last quarter that where we are expanding. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manish Mahawar from Antique Stock Broking. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Congratulations, Manishji and team Solar. Sir, just 1 question in terms of explosives -- domestic 
explosive market perspective, what was the market size of explosive in India last year FY'24 and 
our market share? 
Manish Nuwal: 
So we will do the test. You will have to give us some time. We will do that work. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay, definitely. But industry has grown around 7%, 8% that you said, right, in the comment -- 
one of the comment? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Manish Mahawar: 
Okay. And sir, maybe 1 more question. In terms of your overseas business, right, we have 
already been -- I think 2, 3 years back, you have said you will expand to 4 to 7 to 8 geographies. 
How do you see over next 2 or 3 years from here on will we add -- we'll add furthermore 3, 4 
geographies? Or we just wanted to ramp up these 7, 8 geographies first from here on, sir? 
Manish Nuwal: 
Like we have already said that we are expanding our global footprint. And in line with that 
strategic decision, last year, a couple of quarters back, we said that we are entering into the 
Rajasthan market and Saudi Arabia. So we are working on that direction and very soon these 2 
global market or countries will be on our map. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, this was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Amit Dixit for closing comments. 
Amit Dixit: 
So thanks, everyone. I would like to thank Manish sir and the management team for sparing their 
valuable time this morning. Thanks to all the participants for attending the call. I would like to 
pass it on to the management now for any closing comments, sir, that you might have. 
Aanchal: 
Thank you so much, Amit. It was a very wonderful call. We expect our well wishers to keep 
supporting us and boosting our confidence just the way. Thank you so much. 

 
 
Solar Industries India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
