WERTOZ 
Vertoz Advertising Limited 
CIN: L74120MH2012PLC226823 
Regd. Office.: 602 Avior Nirmal Galaxy 
LBS Marg Mulund West Mumbai 400080 India 
28th May 2024 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: VERTOZ 
Series: EQ 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 23rd May 2024 
t: +91 22 6142 6030 
f: +91 22 6142 6061 
e: corp@vertoz.com 
w: www.vertoz.com 
Ref: Pursuant to Regulation 30{2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript 
of Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We request you to kindly take the information on records. 
For Vertoz Advertising Limited 
Zill Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A51707 
Encl: A/a 
Zill Pankaj 
Shah
Digitally signed by Zill 
Pankaj Shah 
Date: 2024.05.28 
20:25:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
Vertoz Advertising Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 23, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY24 Conference Call of Vertoz 
Advertising Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. The 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
We have with us today from the management Mr. Hirenkumar Shah – Promoter and Whole-
Time Director and Mr. Ashish Shah – Promoter & Director. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. HirenKumar Shah, Whole-Time Director and Promoter 
for the opening remark. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I would like to wish you all a very warm welcome to 
Vertoz’s maiden earnings conference call for the 4th Quarter and year ended 31st March 2024. 
I would like to begin by expressing my gratitude to you all for taking the time to join us today. 
We have on call, Mr. Ashish Shah, Director of the company with us today and AdFactors, our 
Investor Relations Team. It gives me immense pleasure to address you all today as we stand on 
the cusp of a specular growth journey. Since this is our first earning conference call, I would 
like to share a brief overview and history of our company and some recent developments 
before we get into the business and financial performance. 
A little brief background about the company. In 2012, we formed Vertoz in India and opened 
our first international office in the US. Over the years, we developed several innovative 
technology solutions for display and mobile advertising through our programmatic platform 
IngeniousPlex. In 2017, we made history by becoming the first Indian publicly listed ad-tech 
company on the NSE Emerge Board and moved to the main board in 2020. We continued to 
innovate with the launch of PubNX, which is now IncrementX, Adzurite, and AdMozart, 
expanding our suites of services. Our efforts were recognized when we received the prestigious 
Emerging Brand of the Year Digital Marketing award in 2022. We introduced our suite of 

 
 
Page 2 of 14 
offerings for the CTV & DOOH media markets. In 2023, we made headlines with the 
announcement of merger with PayNX & QualiSpace and a significant investment in Silvertech 
Web Solutions, which is now Performise. The integration of CloudTech services into Vertoz 
through the merger of the PayNx Technologies and QualiSpace Web Services. This strategic 
move has enabled us to incorporate a comprehensive range of digital identity and cloud 
offerings such as domain name, SSL, web hosting, public and hybrid cloud, enterprise e-mail 
offerings including B2B domain selling, domain registration, domain hosting and more. 
Together we call them CloudTech, which joins our existing bouquet of MadTech platform. 
CloudTech now complements our existing MadTech media and advertising platform. This 
integration positions Vertoz as a partner for businesses to leverage our digital technologies for 
both cloud and advertising services, significantly enhancing their business outreach. Today, 
Vertoz is a leader in digital advertising with proprietary platforms that drive marketing and 
advertising success. Our recent addition of CloudTech offerings has positioned us as the 
preferred go-to partner for businesses to leverage digital technologies and online presence. 
Our key platforms include #1) IngeniousPlex, which is a self-serve media buying platform for 
marketers and ad agencies, #2) IncrementX, which is our niche audience representation and 
monetization platform for publishers, #3) Adzurite, which is a performance marketing platform 
for marketers, publishers and affiliates, #4) AdMozart, which is a real-time ad exchange 
platform for demand and supply partners for the ad-tech ecosystem, #5 ConnectReseller, 
which is a domain and web presence, product distribution network, #6 QualiSpace, which is a 
cloud solution platform. While the first four IngeniousPlex, IncrementX, Adzurite, and 
AdMozart fall under our MadTech segment, the other two, ConnectReseller and QualiSpace 
comprises our CloudTech segment. 
Vertoz empowers businesses with a suite of advanced services designed to optimize 
performance and drive revenue. Our media and monetization platform bridges the gap 
between publishers and advertisers. Using the AI, artificial intelligence to enhance revenue and 
maximize ad spend impact. Our marketing advertising platform leverages data-driven insights 
and innovative strategies to deliver targeted campaigns and maximize ROI. We provide 
essential digital identity solutions for secure domain management, helping businesses, build a 
strong online presence. Additionally, our scalable cloud infrastructure service supports digital 
transformation, optimize efficiently and reduce cost. We play an instrumental role for 
businesses to go digital and optimize their online advertising and cloud services. Our growing 
network includes various corporate digital marketers, advertising agencies, digital publishers, 
cloud providers and technology companies. Our journey has only just begun, and we are 
expecting an exponential growth trajectory based on our strength and the industry 
opportunities. 
Now, I would like to hand it over to Ashish to take us through the key developments over the 
recent past. Ashish, over to you. 

 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Ashish Shah: 
Thank you, Hirenji. Good evening, everyone. The past year has been incredibly exciting and 
transformative for us at Vertoz. We have made significant strides in expanding both our 
product portfolio and our global footprint. In terms of the geographical expansions, we have 
made substantial progress in widening our reach in the United States, which is our key market. 
This is part of our strategy to win more projects and capture a larger share of the United States 
market, where we see tremendous growth opportunities. Our expanded portfolio will help us 
gain further traction and increase our market presence in this key region. Domestically, we also 
opened our new office in New Delhi, India during the last quarter, further strengthening our 
presence in the region. Through the past quarters, we have continued to grow with the recent 
addition of PayNX & QualiSpace. We expect this to accelerate further enabling us to capture a 
larger market share. At Vertoz, innovation is in our DNA. We continuously invest in research 
and development to stay ahead of the industry curve. Our employees are our greatest assets, 
and we are committed to maintaining an industry-leading talent pool in recognition of our 
efforts, we were certified as a Great Place to Work in December 2023, highlighting our 
dedication to creating a positive and productive work environment. Moreover, in October 
2023, we were honored with the HT Achievers Award, recognizing our outstanding 
achievements in the field of ad tech. Our overarching goal is to be the preferred partner for 
businesses looking to enhance their digital and online presence. We have already started 
capitalizing on the immense opportunity and growing demand, which is reflected in our results. 
We are exploring further expansion initiatives to scale our business globally. Throughout this 
journey, our focus remains on delivering sustainable value for our all stakeholders. Our annual 
performance reflects the kind of growth that Vertoz is capable of. We foresee further 
accelerated growth in the coming year. Thank you for your continued support and for being 
part of our exciting journey. Together we'll look forward to achieving even greater success. I 
now hand it back to Hirenji to walk us through the company's financial performance. 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Now turning to our financial performance. In Quarter 4 financial year 2024, our revenue in Q4 
financial year 24 increased over 33% year-on-year to Rs. 45.7 crores. Growth was driven by 
added businesses from the recently merged entities of PayNX & QualiSpace as well as the 
general business expansion. Our EBITDA excluding other income for the quarter stands at Rs. 
6.66 crores, while the EBITDA margin is 14.58%. Surging investment in our talent pool and 
marketing initiatives had a bearing on the margin, but this investment set the stage for future 
expansion. Our PAT during this quarter is Rs. 4.69 crores as against Rs. 4.10 crores in the 4th 
Quarter of financial year 23. PAT margins stood at 10.28%. EPS for this quarter is 2.92. 
Coming to the full year, which is the financial year 24 numbers, our FY24 topline rose 
significantly by 87.6% year-on-year to Rs. 155.37 crores. This remarkable growth was achieved 
based on the strong demand for our services, coupled with synergies from the recent mergers. 
Our EBITDA excluding other income for the year expanded 25.9% year-on-year to Rs. 21.48 
crores, while the EBITDA margin was 13.82%. Continued investment towards strengthening our 
skilled workforce and software optimization, impacted margins. These are strategic 

 
 
Page 4 of 14 
investments towards building a strong base to cater to the anticipated surge in demand. Our 
PAT during this year showed a phenomenal increase of 46.0% year-on-year to Rs. 16.12 crores 
as against Rs. 11.04 crores in financial year 23. PAT margins stood at 10.3%. EPS for this period 
is. 10.04. This robust performance reflects our strategies and execution, and with the inclusion 
of CloudTech, we expect even higher benchmarks in the coming quarters. 
That is all from our side. We can now open floor for the question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sir, we had fantastic growth in the last two years. So, what kind of growth can we expect in the 
coming years, especially like maybe FY25 because we have just added the cloud business. So, 
any color on that and our margins were impacted because of our mergers and another 
investments in IT, what kind of margins, can we go back to our historical margins of (+20%)? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So basically, let me give you a little insight into the business point of view. This market in terms 
of digital CloudTech and MadTech, both are expanding globally, not just in India. And we 
anticipate that we will really have a good growth trajectory on that. We are expecting at least 
around 25% to 30% CAGR growth on year-on-year for atleast next 5 years and we are expecting 
that maybe we may achieve more as well by looking at the market, and the growth which is 
happening in the market. Definitely, we are at the growth stage at this moment, so obviously 
our focus is to capture more and more markets and that's the reason why we are investing 
more in the people talent pool and the software structure. So that we are able to reach out to 
the bigger market and that way the profit margin would impact, but definitely, at a later stage, 
this margin will improve by getting a better ARPU, average revenue per user by being both the 
businesses helping each other. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So, maybe next year also we will have similar margins as FY24 is that is what we are saying sir. 
And just wanted to ask in the current year how much was the contribution from a cloud 
because I think it got acquired in March, correct sir? So that was not completely consolidated 
in the current year? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Correct. This is not the complete sales belongs to, because all the numbers have been recently 
merged. So, it has only a few months' data which we added into the financial side. But next 
year obviously you will start seeing the growth and you'll start seeing the numbers for both the 
segments where we'll be able to have multiple growth on that side. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So, Sir, how much did the cloud business do on its own in FY24, so that will be completely added 
to our current base, right, sir? 

 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Right. So not complete for the financial year has been added to this because this is only 
effective from the 22nd of February 2024. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yeah. So, in FY24, we had one month of cloud business and in FY25, we have 12 months. So 
how much would be the additional, what was the run rate for cloud business sir? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Generally, we are expecting that, we do not have exact number on how the business will shape 
up in terms of the next year. But generally, we're expecting that we have a major stake in the 
MadTech and CloudTech will definitely start and add up over here with the MadTech customer. 
So that we will also keep increasing on it. So maybe you can have average like maybe 60%, 70% 
we are expecting on a MadTech kind of a business and 20% to 30% on the CloudTech kind of a 
business to start with. But definitely it will keep changing the way we will start expanding the 
various markets. 
Ashish Shah: 
Hi, Mr. Darshil, both business CloudTech and MadTech complement each other, okay. So, the 
impact in this coming year will definitely be there with respect to the complement and in 
nature, there are certain customers can be shared between both the businesses, so definitely 
there will be a major impact in terms of their revenue for the organization. Hope, this helps 
you in understanding the impact of what can be possible. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
No, fair enough. So, I just wanted to know that how much revenue has the CloudTech business 
done in FY24. So that we can extrapolate that into FY25. That was the one because it was not 
completely reflected in our FY24. That is the only thing. 
Ashish Shah: 
No, I completely understand. Definitely we are working towards it and we will have a much 
more visibility because there are certain costs that are also shared between both the 
department, both the businesses. But it's a little difficult for us to present the details about the 
bifurcation, but our auditors, our finance teams are working towards it to make it much more 
visible to our stakeholders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Jain, who's an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Neha Jain: 
Sir, I just had two questions. Sir, who would be our top 5 customers and what percentage of 
revenues do we generate from these customers? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, we do not have any customer having more than 20% of revenue belongs to a single 
individual customer. Our major customers are various agencies across the globe for our 
MadTech business and our CloudTech business, it is major integrated service provider and 
domain resellers. They are our major customer across the globe. Currently, on the CloudTech 
side, we are having customers in more than 100 plus countries and having more than 10,000 
plus resellers. On our MadTech side also, we will say like including the publisher network and 

 
 
Page 6 of 14 
advertisers’ network would be more than maybe 15,000 total publishers networks and maybe 
like more than 300 plus different agencies are working on it. 
Neha Jain: 
Sir, these customers will be on subscription basis and they typically will be renewing their 
contract on a yearly basis or it's a one-off project kind of a thing? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, we have a multiple-product models with our customers. So, for example, for CloudTech 
business, we have to say for example domain registration is one of our products, which is a 
kind of subscription model where year-on-year you are paying to keep renewing your services. 
For cloud services, it's similar to a year-on-year keep renewing with us. At the same time, when 
it's on a MadTech side, we have various agencies either they're coming up with on a year-on-
year contract or as and when contract, that purely depends on the nature of different kinds of 
contract we have and the different products we have, which is helping these customers. 
Neha Jain: 
Sir, will we be able to bifurcate in terms of percentage of revenue, how much of our business 
will be from a one-off basis project and how much will be like a subscription model? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
We do not have a real bifurcation on that, but definitely we have a different other performance 
KPIs which we keep working on it. Because see this is a very dynamic size of business where we 
have so many different products and with each product has like then it will become very 
difficult to line items, all of those structures. But still we're working best to see whatever way 
we can be more transparent to our investor on the size of the businesses and splits of the 
businesses by just taking care of the business which is required to be taken care for the 
betterment of the organization. 
Neha Jain: 
Sure, sir. And just one last thing on the subscription model, do we have any matrix where we 
are able to understand what is the retention rate for subscription? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Yeah. So as I said, this purely depends on the size of the client and the nature of the client. But 
generally, we have retention rates of more than 70% or 80% of these customers who keep 
renewing these businesses unless and otherwise either they have an issue with their existing 
businesses or their own business model. But generally, if we look, we as Vertoz whichever 
product line we have, we are kind of an essential service, we believe ourselves as an essential 
service provider for them for the growth of their business. So maximum time they keep 
continue doing business with us unless until they have any specific issue or there are certain 
things where things are not matching with us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Mohta from Axia India. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
So, sir, the first question that I had, I just wanted to understand from a competition standpoint, 
we are in a business which is similar to what more or less Affle does might not be one-to-one. 

 
 
Page 7 of 14 
So just wanted to understand how or any other competitor how are we able to differentiate 
ourselves from an execution standpoint for a customer to be attracted to you. Could you give 
some metrics, for example, the other company does tell us if they have got the latest quarter 
execution that they have done and how that execution has panned out in the last one month 
or two months so that we get  a sense of the execution capability that one has, so just wanted 
to understand how does Vertoz differentiate itself versus the competition within this space?  
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Sure. I'll try and explain to you with a little more information on the other side as well. So every 
company has a different way of acquiring customers, but just to give you a landscape of this 
market, this market itself has its own pie, which is everyday increasing. We believe that in this 
particular industry, there are so much of requirements of so many companies to help the 
customers. See, companies like us are an enabler to the companies who are seeking for the 
growth and this is like any sector agnostic. So, any company say for example who wanted to go 
for digitization and who want to have acquired customers in a faster way require a use of data 
and technology and the companies like us, we can really help them to grow and help them to 
get the customer acquisition at the better price they speak. This era is not the era of small and 
big, and this era is the era of speed in terms of like speed and in terms of fast and big. So those 
people who want to be fast, who want to achieve the success fast, they really require 
companies like Vertoz to help them achieve their growth. So here, coming back to the question 
like what is that USP you will bring to the table. Definitely, it's data and technology that really 
helps the customer to get the more better precise targeting, precise marketing and precise 
customer acquisition. And the end of the day, that's what is going to be always an added 
advantage for companies like us to get the better results and better ROI for the customer. I 
hope I answered your question. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Yes. Sir, from what I could decipher, it's just such a large market and growing by the day that 
customers will always be room for multiple players to coexist. And with time, as more and more 
data gets evaluated on your back end, your efficiency on an execution standpoint for the 
customer keeps on increasing, thereby driving incremental value for them. Will that be a good 
summation of the same? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
You got it very right. So, it's absolutely on the right side. It's all about their speed, the fastness 
which they're looking at, okay, this data and technology always helps them to grow, and we 
are a tech company, not just an advertising based company. We are a tech-based company, 
which is helping by using various AI technologies and whatever way we can help them to get 
their growth faster. So, you got it very right. Perfect. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
And is it fair to assume that CloudTech adds on to the MadTech business wherein these 
customers who want to go digital, you can additionally upsell your services and thereby 
garnering incremental revenues from the existing customers itself? 

 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Yes, one way. So, it's very simple for a MadTech business, CloudTech is a background. It's like, 
if you really want to grow faster, you have to have cloud services, you have to have your 
applications on the cloud. So, it's obviously kind of a complementary business with the 
MadTech services for internal consumption as well as for the external customers to whom are 
looking at the bigger expansion. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. So, coming down to your margins, margins have been quite high historically, but 
right now you did mention in your presentation that because of investments within the 
business and some front buying of the inventory that you had to be on the ads front is where 
your margins got impacted. So, what I wanted to understand more of on a sustainable basis, 
how do the margins differ between the two businesses, that's the first point within this 
question. And the second point is, have we had to undercut our ARPUs for example, in order 
to garner more customers and that is having an impact on the margins as well. So, just trying 
to understand that once we are done with this investment phase, how do you see this margin 
trajectory evolving because we've come down from a high of 24% to 25% to now as low as 11% 
to 14% to close this quarter. So just wanted to understand how we are placed as a company 
from that standpoint? 
Hirenkumar Shah 
So margin generally stands between if you look at overall, between 8% to 12% of a PAT margin 
is what we are in general, we are expecting. See, end of the day, it's all about the ARPU, which 
will always increase the margin. So, when you'll have multiple product lines, your acquisition 
of customers becomes much cheaper and then you're able to sell multiple products which can 
definitely help you increase your margin and that is what we are working on as well, and we 
are getting customers. So for example like we have domain customers get acquired for as low 
as maybe Rs. 1000 bucks. And maybe a CloudTech customer acquired for maybe like Rs. 
500,000 or maybe like MadTech services customer maybe Rs. 20,00,000. So now different sets 
of customer gets acquired at a different price line and at the same time each customer 
acquisition cost differs, but the moment everything gets together, the overall ARPU, overall 
acquisition cost get changed. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
From an operating margin or EBITDA margin standpoint, we could look ourselves being closer 
to that 18% to 20% range on a sustainable basis. Would that be a fair assumption like over a 
longer period once we are done with the…..? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Yeah, you can say that there could be between 15% to 20% of EBITDA margin kind of thing 
which we should be achieving. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood. And sir, you had also talked about in your presentation about a potential inorganic 
acquisition, so what segment will be an addition to that you did also talk about a potential fund 
raise. While I understand that you might not have constrained on to a number or so, but just 
wanted to understand what management is thinking in terms of which segment do they want 

 
 
Page 9 of 14 
the acquisition to come through and what is the size of acquisition that we are looking to do in 
case we go ahead and do one? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, we are evaluating various different options on the organic as well as inorganic both the 
sides. We are still are in an initial phase of that, the moment the concrete information comes 
up, we'll definitely share it on the public forum with the investors and stakeholders. But we are 
open to see where we can get more customers get acquired and will able to help cover the 
existing product line to serve those customers. 
Ashish Shah: 
Hi Vinayak, so with respect to the acquisition side, we are looking for both the side especially 
on the MadTech and CloudTech, okay, both the side we are looking for various options and all 
of these options we are just figuring out the best potential strategic opportunity for us. Either 
that strategic opportunity can be as Hirenji mentioned, that could be a customer acquisition or 
there could be also the technology acquisition could be the opportunity for us in terms of an 
inorganic side. 
Vinayak Mohta: 
Understood, just two suggestions going forward if you could just give us an understanding of 
any ARPU metric that you guys internally track and how it has evolved over a period of time 
like the competition does what it helps us understand better is the sustainability of the revenue 
that you guys provide? So basically from a longer term viewpoint, I think if you have sustainable 
revenue coming in from a client on a per unit basis, just gives the market confidence that the 
sustainability on the revenue and the quality of work that you provide to them is significantly 
high, then it will be how the market is and secondly, if you could also give some case studies 
like the competition does again, it gives us an understanding about the quality of customers 
you work with and how your delivery pans out in those short period of time when the order 
follows through. So these two suggestions if you can evaluate on your basis if that’s possible, 
that's it. 
Ashish Shah: 
Definitely point taken and we definitely have internal metrics currently. Because the nature of 
our business is on the two major sides, one is the CloudTech and the MadTech both have got 
different metrics to be measured. Okay, so we internally measure certain metrics in terms of 
the revenue per partner. Overall average query per second what we are receiving on our 
infrastructure, what is the revenue we are doing on those queries per second? So, these are 
the internal metrics that we have we are following and definitely as you rightly mentioned, this 
will give the investors or a stakeholder a different level of feedback and the different level of 
interpretation and can be helpful for judging the performance.  Your point is taken sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Arora, who's an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Arora: 
I actually wanted to know like who would be our top four or five customers and what kind of 
revenue do we get from the top customers? 

 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
We have various agencies across the globe and various domains and ISPs, who are buying the 
CloudTech services from our server. We do not have any customer, which is having more than 
10% of our business which are having from each of this customer. And generally, if you look at 
the kind of customers in India or abroad, we have like top agencies are customers like for 
example Dentsu Group, this WPP Group, PubMatic Group, those kinds of companies as our 
customers. 
Nikhil Arora: 
Okay sir, got it. Is there any geographical split of revenue that you can provide like which region 
gives us the highest share of revenue? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, we have currently India and international business is what we are bifurcating, and we have 
around 70% to 80% businesses outside India and around 20% to 30% is what we are doing in 
India and we're working towards getting more and more India story expanding where we get 
the more and more customers in India as well. That's what Ashish has mentioned that we 
started operations in Delhi and now starting a few more operations in other parts of India as 
well. 
Nikhil Arora: 
Right. So, what would be the opportunity size like abroad versus India, if you can just throw 
some light over here? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Sure. So see, if you look at India's overall growth, definitely we're in a double-digit growth in 
India story and globally it is a kind of a matured market, a few of the grown countries, but at 
the same time there are few countries which are growing countries where also there is a good 
opportunity. So, what we're working is that we already have a good handhold and good support 
system in the US which is a very grown and mature market. So, we're trying to encash those 
opportunities from that part of the world. But at the same time, India is definitely an altogether 
different story as our Indian political structure which is helping us, all of us to go together on 
the digital side of India. So we really hope and we are really bullish on the Indian market also 
to grow a little more on a higher side as well. 
Nikhil Arora: 
Sir, so we expect similar kind of growth in both the regions, abroad as well as Indian? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Sharma from ABS Invest. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Sharma: 
My first question is that, as I see that we have two business verticals, one is the MadTech and 
another is the CloudTech, I want to get a sense that what is the revenue contribution from each 
vertical and at what PAT margins are we servicing that? My reason for asking this is because if 
we see that on a Y-o-Y basis, our revenue has grown substantially, but if I see on quarter-on-
quarter basis, our revenue has declined. So, I just want to get a sense that what actually is the 

 
 
Page 11 of 14 
revenue that we are getting from each vertical and what kind of advantages in terms of cost 
we have in each vertical? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Rahulji, first of all, the CloudTech business has recently been part of the company, it got merged 
by just February 2024. So, we do not have a direct bifurcation between the CloudTech and 
MadTech business sizes, but at the same time, we have various shared resources which has 
been used by both of these units, it becomes very difficult in exactly getting the right PAT 
margin between both of them. But we are generally anticipating between 8% to 12% of PAT 
margin for all of our businesses. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Okay, right sir. So, Sir, maybe from next year, we can have a bifurcation for both the verticals 
despite having shared resources, so that it will be easy to value both the verticals. 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Yeah, we are working very hard with the team to say whichever way we can be more 
transparent and more clear with our investor as well as for internal team as well because all 
teams are working towards getting more and more PAT margin, more clarity with them is 
always better for them as well. So, we are working really hard towards it and very soon you will 
see certain information on that side as well. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Right sir. And also sir if you can throw some light on the business opportunities that are 
currently visible from the perspective of next 6 to 9 months for both these verticals? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, I would not suggest for the short term of 6 to 9 months, but definitely for next 5 years, as I 
mentioned in my earlier questions answered, India and Global both have very good trajectory 
in terms of growth for digital because we have not done kind of a luxury to anyone, but we will 
be more of kind of an essential services to people who want to grow their business. So, we'll 
be counted enablers to them. So, we really expect that there is the spike getting increased day 
by day Definitely cloud was blessing in disguise which has helped everyone to getting more and 
more digital and get the importance of digital little more faster than what they're supposed to 
do with the speed of the information which they used to access. So, there are a lot of 
opportunities which is coming up and being a complete stake provider from a CloudTech to 
MadTech and will be partnered with these companies on their growth story. So, please just 
wait for some time when you'll really see the good growth of your company. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Sure, sir. Second question, sir, what I had is that if you can just throw some sense of light in 
terms to what kind of talent are we hiring into our company? Whether it is experienced or what 
kind of people are because as I see that our employee spends has increased during the quarter 
as a percentage of our topline. So, if you can just give me some sense on that? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
As I mentioned in my earlier answer, we are in a kind of tech company, which is working 
towards more of a technology and creating a robust product. So, we definitely have a good 
pool of tech team and tech people and that is a part of one of the hiring. Another hiring is that 

 
 
Page 12 of 14 
definitely on the business side, we are expanding our market and we'll keep reaching to those 
places where we're able to increase our reach. So the majority hirings are either on the tech 
side or on the business side, which will help us to grow further in those markets. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Right. So another question, what I had is that we see that on a Y-o-Y basis, our depreciation has 
increased and if I get into the minor details of the balance sheet. So, we have added to the 
property plant and equipment and also to the intangible asset. So if you can give me what kind 
of assets have we acquired over this last year? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Our majority assets, if you look at it another way around are generally on the tech side, but still 
I will get you more details one-on-one with my CFO from my finance side. So get you more data 
on the same. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Right, sir. And just this last one question, is there any particular reasons that we are having very 
low tax rates? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
As we mentioned, Vertoz is a global company, we have various different units in different parts 
of the world, including a few of the countries where the tax rate is very low. So, if you look at 
the overall consolidation, the tax has gone a little lower than what is required. And as I 
mentioned in my earlier answer, maybe our 60% to 70% plus businesses is outside India. 
Rahul Sharma: 
Right sir. So, this will be continuing going forward as well? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
So, we are at the growth story right now. So we are working towards each and every 
opportunity to see that how we're able to expand our business. Our focus wouldn't be towards 
like doing savings and structure, but it's all about like getting more and more opportunities. So 
as you know our company can really grow fast. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Manoj Rajani from Manoj Rajani 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Rajani: 
So, I actually wanted to ask, basically our rationale behind establishing the 3 to 4 new 
subsidiaries in the US and what basically what also wanted to understand what activities will 
these subsidiaries be involved in? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Sure. So, if you have seen the overall organisation structure, we have so many different 
subsidiaries and different businesses. So generally it's all purely from the business perspective, 
there are certain sizes of contracts that come with a specific size in terms of numbers, so we 
try and see if we're able to cater them with a different set of the units and we try to look at the 
more business for Vertoz, that's one way and second thing is definitely each of these product 
line has a different size and the different customer set also so that sometimes as you've seen 
that few customers are only working with few companies,  then competition related 

 
 
Page 13 of 14 
requirements are there. If you have seen this in an agency business model, you would invest a 
little more on that side, that's similar to the same business model. 
Manoj Rajani: 
Does the company anticipate any risk due to imposed by the technological advancement? 
Ashish Shah: 
Not really with the technological advancement, but just I wanted to let you know that overall 
this industry is less than 20-year-old industry like say I'm sure as you say the internet has been 
in existence for approximately around 25 to 27 years in the existence. So, being said that there 
are a lot of policy implementations happening across the globe, be it something with respect 
to the privacy policies and stuff like that, which is overall helping keeping the user at the center 
and helping them to establish the policies and all these policies brings the different types of 
the opportunity for the businesses to exist in this ecosystem. So, essentially from a threat 
perspective, if the internet goes away, definitely that's the biggest threat that nobody is 
foreseeing at this point of time. Apart from that, any other threat we can't foresee at this point 
of time. 
Manoj Rajani: 
And also, sir, I wanted to know about the direct service expenses, so there has been a 25% 
decrease in this quarter. So, on an annual basis as well, there has been a percentage of sales 
has decreased. So like what is the primary reason for this trend? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
See, as I mentioned in my earlier answers, the company is currently in the growth stage. So, 
we are working towards seeing whichever way we're able to acquire more and more customers 
and be able to serve them. So, currently those margins and those numbers you might feel a 
little here and there, but slowly you will find it very consistent basis on that side and you won't 
find any discrepancy on the same. 
Manoj Rajani: 
And sir, last question is so like operating and other expenses have increased in value. So, what 
expenses are included in this category, if you could just throw some color on that? 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
Maybe what we can do is I can have you send it those details from my finance team in a detailed 
way. So, we can take this on a separate line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. HirenKumar Shah, Promoter and Whole-Time Director from Vertoz 
Advertising Limited for closing comments. 
Hirenkumar Shah: 
I thank the entire team of Vertoz for the untiring efforts, hard work and dedication, digitized 
the company forward through the various market conditions. Also, I thank all of you for 
participating in our conference call. Please do get in touch with our Investor Relations Team 
for any further questions, thank you so much. 

 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vertoz Advertising Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
