 
 
 
 
 
Ref: HIL/SE/2024-25/014 
May 15, 2024 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
P.J.Towers, Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051  
Scrip Code: 509675  
Scrip Symbol: HIL  
Through: BSE Listing Centre               Through: NEAPS 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors’ Conference Call on Q4 & FY 24 Audited Financial Results 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated May 6, 2024 and May 9, 2024, please find the 
attached transcript of Investors’ Conference Call held on May 9, 2024 on the Audited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
A copy of the said transcript is uploaded on the website of the Company www.hil.in 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HIL Limited 
 
 
 
Nidhi Bisaria  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No. 5634 
 
Encls. As stated 
NIDHI 
BISARIA
Digitally signed 
by NIDHI BISARIA 
Date: 2024.05.15 
18:44:23 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
HIL Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 09, 2024 
 
 
Mit Shah: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to HIL 
Limited Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call for investors and analysts. Today, we 
have with us Mr. Akshat Seth, Managing Director and CEO of the company and Mr. 
Ajay Kapadia, CFO.  
We will first have Mr. Akshat Seth making the opening comments, and he will be 
followed by Mr. Ajay who will take you to the financial perspectives. 
 
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that certain statements made in today's call 
could be forward looking in nature, and details in this regard are available in the 
earnings presentation, which have been shared with you earlier. 
 
I'd like to invite Mr. Akshat to present his views on the performance and strategic 
imperatives that lie ahead. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining in HIL's FY24 & 
Quarter 4 Earnings Call. As always, it's a pleasure to interact with all of you and share 
our perspective on how the business is evolving, shaping up and what the future holds 
for us. In today's comments that we'll make here, I think the idea is to give a broad 
overview of what are things to watch out for, but also talk about how the quarter and 
year has panned out for us, what have been some wins coming out of it in what all 
areas that we'll continue to work on to get to the kind of growth trajectory and 
profitability that we have been up talking about over the last few calls. 
 
So, for us FY24 will be remembered as the year where we laid the foundation of what 
we call internally as “Reimagined HIL”. We've renewed our growth push in-line with 

 
Page 2 of 31 
our strategic plan and ambition to be a USD 1 billion company over the next 3 to 4 
years. We've come out of the year with a strong reiteration that we are on-track for 
that ambition. 
 
The acquisition of Topline, the pipe company in East India last year or early part of 
this financial year and the resultant doubling of our Pipes and Fittings business was a 
major milestone. We have changed the paradigm of our branding efforts and 
reenergized our product innovation engine. Value mining to enhance profitability has 
been established as a key organizational priority. 
In fact, as an example, we've run a detailed cost diagnostic in the last quarter of the 
previous financial year. We've identified and we are now running a program on two 
areas; logistics and power & fuel as focused pockets of opportunity and more will 
follow. All of this is designed towards creating a meaningful impact on the profitability 
side. 
Our most decisive steps have been toward building the organization, which can take 
us further over the next 3 to 5 years. We have strengthened our leadership team and 
our frontline teams. We are moving towards a digital-led way of working with 
implementations on the SAP side, SFA, CRM, loyalty programs and analytics platform 
and we are building a culture of excellence, which is striving for superior results and 
outcomes in every area that we are engaged in. All of these steps, I'm sure, point to 
an exciting FY25 and beyond for HIL.  
Now, as we go across various geographies and segments for HIL India, we delivered 
steady performance in FY24 with robust volume growth across most of our product 
segments. So, that's been one key feature to look out. Overall volume growth across 
most of our product segments and we'll talk in a little more detail about it. 
Overall, we reported a revenue of Rs. 2,231 Crore for the year and Rs. 534 Crore for 
the quarter which is about 4% higher than previous year. This was achieved in the 
context of what we felt and experienced as a modest demand scenario and a situation 
where competition has intensified. Hence, pricing pressures remained throughout 
the year including in our Polymer business where multi-year low PVC prices presented 
an additional level of complexity. 

 
Page 3 of 31 
However, our relentless focus on driving operational efficiencies and continuous 
improvement in cost structure meant that we have improved our profitability across 
most of the segments through the year. 
At Parador, we reported a revenue of Rs. 1,144 Crore for the year and Rs. 318 Crore 
for the quarter. These are all Euro numbers translated to rupees. Parador in FY24 
presented a story of opportunity amidst adversity. The recessionary macroeconomic 
conditions and weak consumer sentiments resulted in a near meltdown in the 
construction activity and Flooring demand in our core European markets. In this 
environment, we doubled down on our efforts to gain market share by expanding our 
play field to commercial segments, agile pricing, restructuring our sales team, seeding 
new markets and on product innovation. For instance, to be ahead of the curve, we 
have launched 164 new SKUs that's nearly 15% to 20% on top of what our existing 
portfolio was and this was launched in a major in-house customer event in March'24. 
We also maintained relentless discipline on cost and working capital to ensure lean 
operations. In fact, our inventory is at an all-time low and there are projections for 
further reduction during FY25. As a result, we have maintained quarter-on-quarter 
revenue growth for the last two quarters and also achieved positive operating 
margins. I am happy to state that on these calls, we had indicated that our first 
objective is to make sure H2 is positive on EBITDA terms. We have achieved that. Our 
second objective was to make sure that Q3 and Q4 are positive. We have achieved 
that. In fact, in Q4, while Q3 was breakeven, slightly positive, Q4, we earned an 
operating profit of Rs. 5 Crore and the quarter-on-quarter revenue growth was 16% 
during Q4. As macroeconomic indicators also show signs of a turnaround, we are 
confident of a smart recovery at Parador in FY25. 
The second segment where we have strongly shifted gears is on Pipes and Fittings 
business, where there is a strong momentum being built for volume growth. So, 
volume at our scale is the number one priority and we are pushing hard for it. The 
result is that in Q4, we delivered 23% volume growth. 
If I were to just dice out two months, March and April, the volume growth is north of 
40%. And this is a theme that you will hear from us consistently. The number one 
focus is to drive volume growth in Pipes and Fittings. All of this is being driven by 
targeted distribution expansion efforts in the retail segment as well as a focused 

 
Page 4 of 31 
approach to technical sales in the institutional segment. We have, you'll be happy to 
note, established a team which is working dedicatedly on B2G sales and institutional 
sales and we are deploying the best teams and the best tools to drive our work on 
this area.  
I'm also happy to report that, despite significant pricing pressure, and that pricing 
pressure has only intensified as we exited the year in Q4, the profitability of the 
Polymer solutions business improved significantly by more than 300 basis points for 
the year compared to previous year. And these are all due to initiatives across supply 
chain and material costs. 
You all have been witness to significant volatility in resin prices last year. The resin 
prices are at an all-time low. However, we believe that PVC and CPVC prices have now 
largely bottomed out and that means a stable price regime for this financial year FY25. 
On the growth side, we continue to believe that this segment will grow at 8% to 10%. 
There is demand both on private/residential side, on the institutional side and also 
on the government segment. In this market, we are confident of continuing to 
outpace the demand as we have done so for the last several quarters. 
The recent acquisition of Topline, as I said, has been a major milestone. The focus is 
currently on a successful integration, and that's where our teams are spending their 
nights and days, and on extracting synergies on procurement, operations, and sales. 
We believe, and now being on ground and inside the organization, that the expanded 
portfolio of products, customers, and the geographies that they serve will add further 
momentum to our Pipes and Fittings story. 
Construction Chemicals, the newest kid on the block for us, experienced a strong 
growth trajectory last year. In fact, the March exit was at an annualized revenue of 
about Rs. 85 Crore. So, we are inching close to that Rs. 100 Crore mark in that short 
span of about 12 to 18 months. So, there is a lot of tailwinds behind that segment for 
us. 
Roofing, if you look back at the year; continued to scale new heights and delivered its 
highest ever sales volume for HIL. The Charminar brand that carries a 75 plus year 
legacy of trust, for this trend in market leadership, we increased our market share, 

 
Page 5 of 31 
we improved our price positioning, and we deepened our distribution reach. We 
finished the year with volume growth of 2% and NSR growth of 3%. This is in the 
context of a market that has declined at an overall aggregate level.  
I'm also happy to report that there have been strong efforts during the year to 
improve the margin performance and we finished Q4 with improved margin 
compared to where we had started the year. While there is overall a slow start to the 
season in roofing due to the general elections, we expect both volume and price 
growth in Q1, leading to a stronger margin performance. We will also be introducing 
some exciting new products in this segment to sustain our differentiated positioning 
and further grow our market share. 
In Building solutions, we had a steady year with volume growth across most 
categories. However, this was coupled with strong pricing pressures. If I take it as an 
example, in Blocks, our volumes during the year grew by 12%. However, the prices 
dropped by 8%. We are working on several value enhancement initiatives across raw 
material, productivity, and other cost elements to improve our profitability. These 
initiatives have been on for the last 3-4 months. In fact, the first set of encouraging 
results are with us, we finished Q4 with an improved margin. In fact, on a year-on-
year basis, Q4 improved its margin profile by 50 basis points, and we expect and have 
line of sight for further improvement in FY25. 
Overall, our people define HIL, and we continue to invest in building an organization 
for tomorrow. Our business achievements are led by the sterling contribution of our 
teams on the shop floor, at the frontlines and in our R&D centers.  
I'm also happy to share with all of you that we've been recertified as a great place to 
work for a sixth consecutive year with improved trust index scores.  
As we march towards our goals, we will sustain our enabling work culture and ensure 
our teams are inspired to take HIL to the next level.  
In conclusion, I would say there is strong work that is happening internally to gain 
momentum, that momentum is now visible on the volume front. We will work harder 
to only solidify that momentum on the volume side. There is strong work happening 
on improving profitability, again the first signs of improvement are visible. 

 
Page 6 of 31 
We would also hope for greater support from the market on the pricing front and that 
will mean that all three forces would have aligned in the right direction, but we 
believe those pricing pressures are transient and we remain firmly on the long-term 
stated ambition of reaching that billion-dollar mark.  
With that, let me request Ajay to provide a detailed overview of our financial 
performance during the quarter and FY24 and both of us will be happy to take on 
your questions after Ajay's comments. Thank you for your time. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Thank you, Akshat. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining today's call. I would 
like to take this opportunity to present an overview of our financial performance and 
operational highlights for quarter 4.  
In quarter 4 HIL India has achieved 4.3% year-on-year revenue growth to Rs. 535 Crore 
as compared to Rs. 512 Crore with positive volume growth in all business segments. 
The reported EBITDA for the quarter is Rs. 27 Crore as against Rs. 38 Crore in Q4 last 
year. The lower EBITDA is on account of one-time cost of Rs. 7 Crore incurred during 
the quarter for acquisition-related cost and the property tax payment of earlier years. 
Apart from that, we have strengthened our leadership positions during the year, this 
has resulted in higher salary costs.  
The Roofing Solutions business grew by 4% year-on-year to Rs. 255 Crore in Q4. 
Despite sluggish demand, we continued to grow in volume and whereby further 
strengthening our market leadership position in the quarter and continued to enjoy 
customer loyalty. We have reported 200 basis points year-on-year improvement in 
profitability during the quarter in this segment.  
The Building Solution business grew by 10% year-on-year to Rs. 146 Crore in quarter 
4. While the volume and blocks business grew by 18% year-on-year the margin is 
under pressure due to intense competition in the market which led to lower price 
realization. The operating margin during the quarter is in line with same quarter of 
last year and it is improved by 150 basis point over first nine months of the year. This 
improvement in margin is on account of development of alternate supply sources 
which helped in reducing the input cost and price increase realized in later part of the 
quarter. 

 
Page 7 of 31 
The Polymer Solution business remained stable with revenue of Rs. 133 Crore for 
quarter 4. The margin reduced on account of lower realization by 3% to 4% due to 
aggressive price drop by major players and inventory provisioning. However, in FY24 
we have made a strong recovery in profitability on account of various cost reduction 
initiatives and strategic procurement even when the industry price for both CPVC and 
PVC category declined. 
In Flooring segment we have achieved 13% growth in volume quarter-on-quarter 
whereas we have reported 16% growth in revenue quarter-on-quarter to Rs. 318 
Crore. The operating profit for the quarter is Rs. 5 Crore. Our focus on working capital 
optimization continued during the quarter and inventories are at the lowest level in 
the Flooring segment.  
Our debt at consolidated level stood at Rs. 548 Crore and the cash and cash 
equivalents of Rs. 237 Crore at the end of the year. The total debt to equity ratio 
stands at 0.44 as on 31st March 2024. We are confident in our ability to grow our 
performance footprint and create healthy cash flows going forward.  
With this, I would like to conclude my opening remarks. I request the moderator to 
open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment Management 
Company. 
Aditya: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So if we look at the last year, year and a half, we have 
been affected by a lot of external factors in most of our businesses. So, the slow-down 
in Europe affecting Parador or increase in fibre costs affecting Roofing business. So, if 
you could just talk about how the external factors now in each of our businesses and 
how is the near term looking to you? 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Aditya. Let me take it in that order and then if I'm missing out, Ajay, please 
chip in. From an India perspective two external factors on the input side that we track 
closely and have a bearing, significant bearing on us; one is, on the roofing side the 
fibre cost is a factor. There is relative stability, there are only very modest and 
predicted price increases that are there planned for FY25. We do not expect any 

 
Page 8 of 31 
surprises or any volatility on that front so that's in a good space, better than what it 
was last year.  
On cement pricing while as we started the financial year there was expectation that 
there will be an increase, so far the prices are sort of held out and are largely in a 
softer regime post election the sense is that there will be some buoyancy on that, but 
we are prepared for those situations. So no surprises and the cement price also plays 
out on our other cementations part of the portfolio which is on the Building Solution 
side. 
The third factor is on PVC and CPVC resin price where as I said we feel the prices have 
bottomed out, they are at all-time record lows. We expect the pricing to be range-
bound around the levels that we currently are and that should mean that there are 
no further surprises like the ones that we had last year.  
The thing to watch out on the Pipes and Fitting segment is just the competitive 
scenario where the larger players in the last 3 to 6 months have shown a propensity 
to be very aggressive on the price side and hence you would see amongst players, the 
larger players who have declared results or are or will be declaring results in the 
coming days that there is a decline in price even beyond what the resin prices would 
have indicated so that's something to watch out for.  
Other than that, I think from a demand perspective just given the election season 
there's been a slightly modest start to this financial year, but the expectation in the 
market is that as this whole election hearing comes to an end there will be a robust 
bounce back across segment including in in government spending. So that's the other 
factor to keep in mind.  
For us, however, and the biggest segment which gets exposed to the demand in this 
quarter is Roofing. We are now sitting in second week of May. We are already 
witnessing a robust uptake on demand and we are hopeful that this quarter there will 
be volume growth compared to last year.  
On the Parador side the European business, the macroeconomic environment, the 
external environment seems to have stabilized. The inflation rate is now under the 

 
Page 9 of 31 
kind of range that the Central Banks would be comfortable with. Interest rates have 
not been increased now for almost six months since December.  
There are talks that at some point interest rates will also start coming down, but the 
other indicator of the consumer sentiment where we hear from our retail partners 
that footfalls are now sort of coming back to the stores and again the expectation is 
that in the core Central European market there will be a bounce back post the 
summer holidays in the August timeframe.  
However, we have to preface that in markets like Europe the bounce back also is 
slower and a steadier one rather than an hockey-stick one. So, we need to be 
watchful. That said, the focus for us is to diversify our geographical market base away 
from the core Central European market and that's where some early wins have 
already started coming in. We are entering and we have entered some large high 
growth markets and that will help us diversify. 
If I want to share an indication the target that we are going for is that we need to 
have 50% of our revenues coming in outside our core home markets that were the 
centre of gravity for us in the past. So, there is a plan in place which is being executed 
to reduce our dependence on these European markets. So, I think that would be a 
quick summary. If I'm missing anything Ajay as far as external factors are concerned? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
No, I think that is all and then the price factor in case of Europe, the material cost 
which went up to almost double in the last couple of years it has come down to its 
lowest level now.  
Akshat Seth: 
What we also continue to watch is the situation, the geopolitical situation around 
Middle East, etc. While there are some escalations that have happened in recent 
weeks so far we are closely watching and there is no material impact on any of our 
businesses around that. 
Aditya: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is on Parador. So, our revenues have fallen by 16% in 
FY24, but our employee and opex costs have increased by more than 10%. So, we 
have talked about undertaking cost saving initiatives in this business, but the same is 
not reflected in our numbers. So, if you could just help us understand why would that 
be the case?  

 
Page 10 of 31 
And secondly, if I look at the commentary of the Flooring companies in Europe they 
expect the demand to be weak for some more time. So, as an organization, how are 
we looking to manage balancing costs in this low demand environment and investing 
in growth to expand into new geographies and markets? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, you're right on the material cost, you're right on the contribution margin. The 
contribution margin where we started the year was north of 60%. We finished the 
year at around 52%, 53% and that's a significant move that has happened. The 
manpower cost or salary cost that you are talking about is largely on account of the 
investment that we are doing in growing our sales capabilities outside the core 
Central European markets. 
In fact, on this call and on this forum we've been sharing this over the last 3 or 4 times 
that those are investments that we are making. It's on account of the new 
geographies that we are trying to strengthen and it's also an account of building some 
muscle on the commercial sales channel which we were not playing in earlier. As with 
all sales investment, there is always a little bit of a lag between the sales uptake and 
the time when these people come in. 
So, that's where you are probably experiencing it. The important thing to note is that 
in Euro terms the increase in manpower is about 2.5%, when you convert it into INR 
it looks like a 10% increase. What is actually driving it is essentially that 2.5% increase 
on ground. So, it's not an indiscriminate increase on the manpower cost. It's a very 
considered increase. The impact of that is now visible. It's maybe the currency factor 
which moved from 83 to 89 which is giving a slightly exaggerated picture in INR terms. 
And the next question goes on. Sorry, if you could repeat the last part of your 
question. 
Aditya: 
So, this commentary of other Flooring companies in Europe, they expect the demand 
to be weak for some more time. So, are we also witnessing the same? Because if the 
investments that we are making, if you're not able to get into higher sales, this lower 
margins in parador will continue for some more time. 
Akshat Seth: 
See, I think the commentary is true for the year that has gone by depending on which 
segment in these geographies, the flooring market dropped by about 20% to 30%. 
And that is a fact. Is that now showing signs of improvement? That is also a fact. Now, 

 
Page 11 of 31 
that does how fast will the bounce back be only time will tell. But that said, our 
confidence comes from the fact that we are gaining share at the expense of other 
competitors. 
Even when we talk about DIY retail counters that we are on, we are now on more 
counters. And all of that is the work and effort over the last six months, which is what 
is driving the growth in revenue month on month since October. In fact, March we 
commenced as the best month in this whole financial year. And the same trend 
continues in April. So, for us, it is about gaining share in these geographies. And the 
second part is also to diversify to newer geographies. So, those are the two themes 
that we have been speaking on this forum, but that remained as the central theme 
internally as well. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on achieving break-even or 
profitability in Parador. So, firstly, I have a few data questions. So, if you can help me 
in terms of what was in a Polymer solution. So, what was the breakup of Plastic pipes 
in FY24? What was Putty and what was Construction chemicals? And if you can also 
give the EBIT split as well? 
Akshat Seth: 
Just give us a second. We are pulling those numbers out. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Nikhil, the split between Pipes and Putty in Polymer segment in construction 
chemicals. Pipe is around Rs. 345 Crore. Putty and construction chemicals put 
together, it is around Rs. 190 Crore. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, what will be the EBIT spilt? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
In terms of EBIT, the Pipes and Fittings EBIT for the year is 0.2% and the rest is for 
Putty and Fittings. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir I want the FY24 numbers? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes, this is FY24 number. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay. So you're saying 0.2% EBIT margins in Pipes and remaining is for Putty? 

 
Page 12 of 31 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
And, sir, just specifically for this fourth quarter in Polymer, the Rs. 6 Crore expense 
which was there, is that included in this EBIT? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
No, that is part of unallocated expenses. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So, could you help me with what kind of inventory losses we saw in this fourth quarter 
for Pipes? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Around 1%. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So, sir, then since we have done such decent sort of volumes, and there was only a 
1% impact, the margins are comparatively on the lower side. So, is it largely because 
of the competitive pressure that we have seen that we have to reduce our prices? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Nikhil, this is EBIT margin. Our plants are pretty new plants three, four years old. We 
have invested Rs. 130 Crore in FY18-19. If you see the operating margin, we have 
reported 5% operating margin in Pipes. 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, I think the right one to look at is EBITDA not EBIT. There will be differences all 
across the board. So, but to your question, and your question was on the performance 
itself, right? So, I think, let me first preface before we come to quarter four. For the 
full year, there is a 300 basis point improvement in EBITDA compared to the previous 
year as far as this segment is concerned. And that is the real story from a quarter four 
perspective. 
Yes, there was a drop that is also predicated around nearly, if I am not wrong, around 
16%, 17% drop in prices that was experienced in the industry. And then there were 
also, there are some traders we are making in terms of pushing harder on the volume 
side. There are also some investments we have now stepped up on the marketing and 
distribution side. So, these are all coming into play. But that said, it is something that 
you should compare with other competitors also in the industry, because we were 
also going through some declared numbers, large players. 
Whereas, this year for us, at the EBIT level which you were talking, we have gained 
by about 540 basis points. And the declared result of one of our large peers, the gain 

 
Page 13 of 31 
is only about 170 basis points. If I also talk about pricing, then for this year, the price 
decline for us was about 14%. For the same competitors, the price decline is much 
more pronounced. In my estimate, it is around the 18% mark. So, you should do that 
comparison. And I think overall, as far as this year is concerned, there has been good 
solid performance both on volume and also on profitability. To some extent, revenue 
is driven by the resin pricing. So, that is a difficult metric to track. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
One more point, the volume, we have grown in Pipes and Fitting is 23% in Q4, 
whereas in last two months, the volume growth is upwards of 40%. 
Akshat Seth: 
Correct. So, March and April, as I indicated, if you just pick up those two months, it 
was 41% and 43%. And again, that is a theme that you will see recurring. We have 
spoken in the past, this is a business where with volume comes scale, with scale 
comes better profitability. And that is the path that we are on. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
And this 43% is only HIL business without adding Topline numbers in this. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, secondly, just one question before I impose that, I will join the queue again. If you 
can just overall give a guidance for all the segments in terms of what is the growth 
visibility you are sort of foreseeing in FY25 and what kind of margin outlook for each 
of the segments, please? 
Akshat Seth: 
From a Roofing perspective, and I will share ranges, we should be looking at revenue 
growth in the zone of 8% to 10%. And we are confident of improving the margin 
profile by anywhere between 200 to 300 basis points from where we finished last 
year, which should bring us now within striking distance to where the better numbers 
were FY23 and before. Okay. On Building Solutions, the revenue growth given by 
some capacity expansions should be north of 20%, 25%. And on the profitability side, 
we expect to cross the FY23 profitability, which means that there's a good 350 to 400 
basis point improvement that we have line of sight to. On Pipes, this is the organic 
volume growth, and this is not adding the impact of the acquisition, should be in the 
zone of about 25% to 30%. On Putty, CC, again, a 30%-35% revenue growth is what 
we are aiming at, given mostly on the CC side, the Construction Chemical side. 
Profitability across the whole Polymer segment should be largely stable at around the 
levels that we are. 

 
Page 14 of 31 
 
However, there will be some calls taken to invest on business development activities 
around marketing, around new product introductions, etc. So, those are strategic 
calls and investments that we will make in that segment. In Parador, we are expecting 
a revenue growth nearer the 15% to 20% mark, and that will also have a good positive 
drop down to the EBITDA level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll move on to the next question, which is from the line of Bhavin 
Rupani from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is related to piping. Many of the 
large competitors are participating in the government's Jal Jeevan mission project. Do 
we participate in that? And if yes, what is the order size that we have? And also, if 
you can elaborate on how should we understand the margins and the working profile 
in this project? 
Akshat Seth: 
So far, Birla HIL was not participating actively in that segment. One of the strategic 
rationale for our acquisition of Topline was to create the credentials and 
specifications to be playing in that segment. And that's a segment we feel quite bullish 
about. We will grow that. And I think we have to start seeing this as participating in 
B2G or the business that is originating from government channels.  
Today, a lot of that focus is on Jal Jeevan mission. There are more such water-oriented 
missions or programs that are being floated. The AMRIT program is another such 
which is doing the same for urban connectivity. There are two other programs that 
will become relevant for us, which is on gas. So, one of the schemes the government 
is talking about and has announced is to create pipeline connectivity for LPG or 
natural gas to a certain large mass of population. So, that's the second. The third one 
is around broadband also, where the government is talking about creating broadband 
connectivity to every gram panchayat. 
 
All of these will require types, different specifications, but we now have the capability 
to service it. We also have in most pockets the credentials to service it. So, it's an area 
that is a good focus for us. There is a team that has been set up for driving this to give 
a sense of how much we do or have done. So far, as far as the Birla HIL pipes portfolio 
is concerned, we have not done it. It's largely negligible. 

 
Page 15 of 31 
 
On the acquired entity, nearly 50% of their business comes from these programs. So, 
that is our starting point and we are now building aggressively on many of these 
programs and, of course, continuing the old relationships. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
So, is it possible for you to quantify what is the order size that we have right now from 
the new entity? 
Akshat Seth: 
It will be a difficult one because the order size and there is timelines attached to it, 
but I think the 50% run rate is something that should be a good indication of where 
our starting point is. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
All right. So, sir, you indicated that 30% to 35% organic volume growth in Piping. So, 
how should one understand the volume growth from the new entity? 
Akshat Seth: 
I said 25% to 30% on the Pipe side. We should expect anywhere around the 20% mark 
on volume growth as far as the acquired entity is concerned. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Okay. And any sense on the working capital needs and the margins in this project? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, it should not be too different from how we played because the nature of such 
business is that our supply and our payments come through contractors and not really 
from a government department. I understand there are concerns from an external 
perspective that because these are government channels, payments might get 
compromised or delayed. That is not the case because you are dealing with these 
contractors. 
 
These contractors are large institutions. Many of them are listed entities and so on. 
The payment is either done on cash basis or on LC basis. So, the exposure is not any 
different from how our other institutional business works. So, this should not be a 
cause of concern going forward as we are scaling up this space. 
Moderator: 
We will move on to the next question which is from the line of Chirag from White Pine 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Chirag: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, I have two questions both on Parador. So, question 
one is to achieve the aspirational margins. So, what are the aspirational margins or 
the margin that you are looking in Parador? And if you can indicate what are the 

 
Page 16 of 31 
drivers to that? What kind of volume we will need? What kind of raw material pricing 
or the net pricing support you will need to achieve that? If you can just indicate a 
broader timeline. I understand that it may be dropped by one or two years over time 
based on demand dynamics.  
And second question on Parador is more set-in near term over next 12 months. You indicated that you are 
looking for a 10%-15% kind of a volume growth in FY25, right? If I understood it 
correctly, which segment and region is driving that? 
Akshat Seth: 
Hi Chirag. The line was slightly muffled. So, I am just going to repeat the question as 
we heard. So, your first part is on Parador. What is the kind of margin outlook that 
one would expect over the next two to three years? I will let Ajay speak about the 
specific numbers. However, here is how the stack-up happens. Our first goal was to 
make sure that in the last two quarters we are EBITDA positive. Having achieve this 
goal for the current financial year, we want to be cash positive for the full year. And 
next year we should be PBT positive is how the whole stack-up is happening, which 
basically would translate to a positive EBITDA margin of 3%-4% for the coming year. 
And scaling up to near double-digit levels in the subsequent two-year period. So, the 
steady state we are looking at by FY27 should be in the 12% range. FY26 will be in the 
6%-7% range. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Your question on the volume growth. So, as Akshat mentioned, we are expecting 
15%-20% revenue growth and volume growth will be in the range of 17%-22%. 
Chirag: 
I just missed it. So, you said volume growth of? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
17%-22%. Again, it is depending on the mix of the product sales in the market. 
Chirag: 
And so my question was which sub-segment of Parador Business and which region is 
giving you, because this is a fairly strong number you are targeting. So, which region 
and which sub-segment is where you are banking on to get this kind of number? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, from a region point of view, the biggest contributors, if I look at the picture over 
the next couple of years, will be the following. There is a recovery that will happen in 
the dark region, which is Germany, Austria, Switzerland, will be one contributor. 
There is the whole Nordic block, which will be the second big contributor. And Nordic, 

 
Page 17 of 31 
I will also try and answer the product story. In dark region, it is all our products which 
grow roughly in a 25% or which sell 25%-30% each. In Nordic, it is largely Engineered 
Wood. The other big cluster which will deliver growth in Europe is the Iberian cluster 
of Spain Plus Plus, which is largely on the Laminate and Vinyl Flooring. In terms of 
markets which are largely new and where we are banking on terms of investment, 
there are three main markets to watch out for or maybe four. One is UK, again a 
composite portfolio. 
 
Second is US, which will again be more on the Modular One and on the Engineered 
Wood side. And then there is China, which has done reasonably well for us in the year 
that closed. We are aiming to grow that. There is a strong retail presence largely on 
the premium side and that is more on the Engineered Wood side. Middle East is 
completely missing for us. We have done very small amounts and that's the other 
geography to grow. 
 
So that's the overall lay of land where the growth will come from. Product-wise, in 
the past, we have sort of been 25% across our four categories, give or take that 
product mix will be largely maintained. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And just one clarification on the margin guidance that you indicated, that FY26 
will be 6 % and that FY27 12% expectation margin, how much of pricing or let's put it, 
gross margins will play a role in this? Or it is more driven by operating leverage? You 
are comfortable with current gross margins that you have? 
Akshat Seth: 
The gross margin that is at current level is where we will stay. It is the operating 
leverage which will start delivering the bottom line impact. Gross margin, there is 
maybe 100-200 basis point work that is still remaining, which is on product re-
engineering, et cetera. And as we enter some of these markets, there might be local 
sourcing, but largely, in fact, I would say mostly all of it will come from operating 
leverage. 
Chirag: 
Wow. This is helpful. So why I was asking is, if the RMC turns favourable, if the cost 
pressures over the last few years start going down, you are looking to pass it on to 
gain volume. That is the right way to look at the business of Parador, correct? 
Akshat Seth: 
You'll have to say that again, not clear the question. 

 
Page 18 of 31 
Chirag: 
So I'm saying if raw material cost pressures, which were there over the last 1-2 years, 
if they start going south, you are looking to pass it on to the customer to gain volume. 
That is the business approach that you are looking at for the next 2-3 years. Is this the 
right thing to understand? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think the way to think about it is that the cost levels in our estimate are already now 
down to probably the levels that they will stabilize at. We do not expect further 
decline. And hence, the P&L structure that we stand on today is what we would like 
to maintain at a gross margin level. Minor pricing here or there changes with the 
product mix. But there are also positive factors that will come into play. For instance, 
I've been sharing that we are now playing aggressively on commercial. 
 
In fact, the other cut to your question, Chirag, on where will growth come from? 
Nearly two-thirds of growth is expected to come from commercial customers. 
Commercial customers and accounts also turn out to be more profitable than the DIY 
and retail ones. So that will have some positive impact there as well. So I don't think 
we are seeking to change the gross margin and contribution structure. We are not 
trying to play the price game but maintain the current P&L structure. 
 
What I did indicate in my opening remarks is that somewhere the agility needed on 
pricing and where is the fundamental change that we are doing, maybe 24 months 
ago and that's how the market in Central Europe used to behave. You had one rate 
list. You applied that rate list to every client or every customer. And there was a 
certain lack of flexibility. 
Now, for us, in a range bound manner, to be playing with the customer to ensure that 
we win the account is the consideration, which means that in certain accounts, there 
will be slightly lower margin. And in certain accounts, there will be slightly higher 
margin. Also, to start looking at margins in a consolidated manner and not just on a 
product or SKU level is the other flexibility that we have brought in. 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to the next question, which is from the line of Sanchita Sood from 
Robocapital. Please go ahead. 
Sanchita Sood: 
I'll just continue asking my question. So this is regarding your Building Solutions 
business. So our aim was to double our revenues in this segment by FY26 or FY27. So 

 
Page 19 of 31 
are we looking at any further capacity enhancement or acquisition for the segment? 
How exactly are we planning on doubling our revenues here? And also, how are we 
planning on reaching like a 10%, 12% margin number from the current 5%, 6% levels? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. So over the next couple of years, by the time we hit the timeline, there will be 
some capacity additions that will happen. However, we are being careful that that 
capacity addition has to be on the non-commodity side of the portfolio. So on boards, 
designer boards, and things which are more aesthetically oriented and higher yield 
and profitability coming in from that segment is where we would look to invest. These 
are not large investments, but we will do that.  
The second thing is your question on profitability on getting to 12% or thereabouts. 
Most of the work that is happening is on the internal cost structure. So one on 
material cost and reviewing the recipes, etcetera, is a constant thing. It's always in 
response to how pricing behaves in the market. That is one big area. The second area 
is how we can also start introducing value-added products to the portfolio which have 
a better margin profile to that.  
Again, there have been some wins on that front. But if I were to say there is material 
cost, there is the conversion cost where we are focused. And as I mentioned, power 
and fuel is a big component. The third one on the cost side is logistics where some 
work is happening. And then, of course, I mentioned the value-added products 
coming into the portfolio.  
Ajay Kapadia: 
Sanchita, one more point here. The 12% margin is operating margin, which is right 
now 9.5%. And 5% is PBT margin. So this is the difference. 
Sanchita Sood: 
Okay. All right, sir. And my second question is regarding our Roofing segment. What 
is your outlook now regarding the Chrysotile fibre prices? Is this the new normal for 
us? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think the level at which we are is the normal. We do not expect a decline. The best-
case scenario is that the prices remain nearly stable at the current levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubham Sehgal from Skill Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 20 of 31 
Shubham Sehgal: 
So my question was regarding your Polymer business. So I can see there was a loss in 
the segment in Q4. So what went wrong there? 
Akshat Seth: 
As I said, the Q4 picture was essentially on account of the price drop that happened. 
The pricing reduced by nearly 20%. And that's something that you would see across 
all players. That is primarily the reason why this happened. But I think also, as you can 
imagine, across quarters there are some adjustments that happen internally, plus 
there are product mix variations that happen month on month. That's why it's 
important to look at the aggregate annual picture, where we feel we have done quite 
well in improving the profitability. And as I said, that improvement is nearly 300 basis 
points compared to the previous year. But specifically for quarter four, it was largely 
on account of the price drop. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Okay. And any more one-off costs or capex you are expected to incur because of the 
acquisition of Topline in the near term? 
Akshat Seth: 
Nothing material, no. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Okay. So regarding this acquisition only, are there any low-hanging fruits in top line 
which need to be addressed? And should we expect FY25 to be a consolidation year? 
Or you think both HIL and Topline can start firing from FY25 itself? And what kind of 
margins are you targeting in Piping business? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, okay. Opportunities identified? Yes. In fact, there are opportunities on the other 
side as well. There would be learning for HIL also having been exposed to the Topline 
system. So both ways, these have been properly identified, tabulated, people have 
been assigned to those. They range from sourcing-related benefits to recipe-related 
benefits to operational leverage. And of course, the biggest thing of the consolidation 
is help on the manpower side and on the management. 
 
So all of that is into play. To your question, will this year largely be consolidation? My 
expectation is that the first four to six months will largely be consolidation, after 
which I'm hopeful that both should start firing at full throttle. But not the full year for 
sure, but maybe about four to six months for consolidation. And we are now already 
one month down into that journey. So as I said, for this year, we should be at similar 
margin levels as last year. And there will be some additional investments we'll be 

 
Page 21 of 31 
doing on business development around advertisement, promotions, etcetera. So near 
current levels, maybe marginally. Also accounting for these A&P costs. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Okay. And could you just help me with the revenue split between your Pipe sales and 
Putty sales? 
Akshat Seth: 
So roughly 65-35. 
Subham Agarwal: 
And what would be the volume for the pipe sales for FY23 and FY24? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
FY23, in case of Pipe sales, it's 19,500 metric ton. FY24, it is roughly 22,000 metric ton. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Okay. Got it. And is your putty business making losses or is it breakeven at EBIT? 
Akshat Seth: 
It is profitable. In fact, the profitability there also this year has improved despite a 
drop in the pricing. And the price drop was nearly, if I'm not wrong, close to 10% odd. 
But overall, the segment is profitable. Yes, 12%. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Okay. So got it. And just last one thing, just can you help me with the capacity 
utilization for all your different business segments? 
Akshat Seth: 
So, across Roofing and Building solutions, we are north of 90%. In Pipes, not counting 
the Topline acquisition, we are in the 65% to 70% range. 
Subham Agarwal: 
Okay. Got it. And any capex requirement in FY25 and FY26? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think we've shared with all of you, we are expanding our Blocks capacity in Chennai 
and we are doubling that. So that project is already underway. It should get 
commissioned by H2 this year. There are a couple of capacities that we are planning 
on the Putty and Construction Chemicals side, again to be able to better serve the 
various regional markets. Those are smaller investments. They are not big-ticket as 
such.  
Ajay Kapadia: 
There are certain capacity addition in existing Pipes and Fittings plant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much, sir, for this opportunity. Just a clarification, first up. When you 
mentioned about this first quarter, we expect both volume and price growth and 

 
Page 22 of 31 
margin improvement. So here, what's the reference point we are talking about? I 
mean, are we comparing it on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes, yes. We are comparing it on the Y-o-Y basis. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So last year, I think our margins were close to 8.6% at the EBITDA level. So we do 
expect some improvement. 
Akshat Seth: 
You are talking for which segment? 
Deepak Poddar: 
So I was talking on a console basis. 
Akshat Seth: 
Okay? Yes. Please go ahead. Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt. 
Deepak Poddar: 
No. So last year, console basis, I think we were at 8.6%. So we expect that this first 
quarter, at least, we see some improvement on both on the revenue side as well as 
on the margin front. 
Akshat Seth: 
That's correct. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And my second question is on your interest cost. This 
quarter, your interest cost, I mean, it's very negligible. I mean, what's the going 
forward rate one should look at? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
So it will be in the range of Rs. 5 to Rs. 6 Crore per quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Rs. 5 to Rs. 6 Crore per quarter, right? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Yes, in India. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. Understood. And just a clarification, one more, you mentioned in FY25, we 
expect a similar EBITDA margin level as last year. So that's FY24 margin level that we 
are expecting or FY23. 
Akshat Seth: 
Last year, when I say last year, it was FY24. And I was making that commentary 
specifically for the Polymer business. In the other two segments, I said there will be 
marked improvement in the performance from a profitability point of view. 

 
Page 23 of 31 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, because the reason I was asking is because you mentioned the segment-wise 
margin improvement in terms of Roofing will be closer to your FY23 margins. And 
even the building division would be closer. Polymer is already higher than your FY23 
margins. It's just in Parador that there is some differential, but you do expect some 
improvement in margins. So can one expect that FY23 EBITDA margin on the 
consolidated level, one can see that in FY25? Which was around 6.5%, I guess, in FY23, 
your EBITDA margin at the company level. 
Akshat Seth: 
You're asking at a consolidated HIL India plus Parador, right? 
Deepak Poddar: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. I think that's a fair assumption.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And we are on track for this 12% FY '26 margin or there is some delay here and 
there that can happen? That we have earlier guided, right? 
Akshat Seth: 
I would say nearer the 10% to 12%. Yes. So the range we can talk about is in that. So 
10% to 12%, yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, 10% to 12% FY '26 EBITDA. Fair enough. That's it from my side, sir. I think all the 
very best to you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Keshav Garg: 
Last year, you told us that we will do USD1 billion revenue in the next three years. 
Last year, there was a marginal decline in revenues. Now, this year, you are saying 
that in the next three to four years, we will do USD1 billion revenue. Now, sir, if we 
see that if we take segment by segment, then except for the Roofing segment, which 
is a traditional segment in the Building solution, as well as in the Polymer solution, we 
are grossly and comprehensively underperforming our peers, the competition. 
 
Now, for example, in the Polymer segment, our revenues are flat since past three 
years, and our margin for FY24 are the lowest in the industry, at least among all the 
listed players. If we see the Building solution segment, then there is a player, Big Block 
construction, which is doing less than half the revenue that we are doing in AAC block, 
but their PBT margin is 20%, whereas our margin, PBIT margin is 5%. 

 
Page 24 of 31 
 
And their market cap is almost equal to the market cap of HIL. And after grossly 
underperforming in the domestic market, we have gone into a saturated or declining 
market like Germany, and then there we are trying to do the impossible. So it seems 
we are in a totally value destruction journey, the profit after tax has fallen by 19% 
CAGR over the past five years. Our return on capital employed is less than the cost of 
capital. So I'm sure it's HIL is a great place to work for employees. But when will it 
become a great place for shareholders? 
Akshat Seth: 
Thank you, Keshav. I think your comments are a great shot in the arm for us. Thank 
you. Yes, I think your assessment on where the opportunities lie are spot on. I think 
it's not too different from what we've also called out. But you can imagine if that's 
the situation and there's no, I mean, there's no fun in having a debate around whether 
your assessment on a certain segment is 80% correct or 100% correct, but I would 
also say that it's not entirely inaccurate.  
There are two choices. The choices are either we completely are in a zone of 
disappointment, or we are in a zone of recovery and there was a plan to do that. I 
think that's, we opted for the second one and that's the journey we are on. We would 
also appreciate none of these are overnight switches that can be done and we can 
turn them on and we are suddenly on a different trajectory. A big part of what again 
I have been sharing is essentially to also give you the comfort that what are the 
various dimensions on which the plans have been put in place. Teams have been 
brought in, execution is happening. Recovery as you would appreciate is always a 
steadier and a somewhat slower one. 
 
I have not been privy to hockey stick recoveries in any business. So yes, your 
assessment and the identification of those opportunities are by and large in the right 
ballpark, but that is the journey we are on. 
Keshav Garg: 
So I just want, sir, if you could tell us that, sir, for Parador especially, there has to be, 
sir, whatever efforts you are putting, sir, we appreciate. But there has to be some 
deadline that if we are unable to turn around this company by this time, then we will 
rethink our plans. So, because there is no point, sir, just like Tata acquired Corus and 
they kept on putting money, and ultimately they are drastically winding down the 
capacity. So, it's better to just control the losses rather than just compounding the 

 
Page 25 of 31 
mistake by keep on putting more and more funds and more management bandwidth 
somewhere where the prospects are not great. 
Akshat Seth: 
Have you, if I may just ask, Keshav, have you been following the Parador story for the 
last four, five years? or is it recent four, five quarter story wise?  
Keshav Garg: 
Its not a year and a half, but the profits we have made, it will be a cumulative loss. So 
there is a time value of money also, there is an opportunity cost also. So, it's just 
feedback from your shareholders that please rethink your priorities. So, because the 
growth is in India and we are trying to struggle in a saturated market, sir, if you see 
the Eurozone economy is stagnant since 2007 at USD12 trillion. So, I mean, what's the 
point of struggling over there? It's beyond comprehension. 
Akshat Seth: 
So, I think part of that, Keshav, I think it's important to understand why there is 
optimism and there's a slightly different point of view that we have internally about 
Parador then maybe your perspective on it. The most important thing is that the 
product, the brand and the equity that we have at that company is worth a lot more 
than what it was showing us at the moment. I'm not even talking valuation, I'm talking 
in terms of revenue and P&L performance. 
 
We want to give it our 100% to make sure that its true potential is reached. We now 
have line of sight of getting there. There are early signs of recovery. And one of the 
things that I would respond to you said, Europe is only a certain market and certain 
economy. The question I will ask you is, are there more successful companies in the 
Eurozone? And driving inspiration from those, we feel that you can be one of those, 
which also means that part of the revenue portfolio will need to be diversified from 
any particular geography to a few more geographies, which is the task that we are 
on. 
 
Although I will candidly admit the last 12 to 24 months have been difficult. I will also 
highlight that the previous 24 months was great. And the same set of shareholders 
were also extremely happy about those 24 months. 
 
Given there has been a recessionary period in that geography, should not mean that 
the core that we hold on to suddenly becomes not valuable. Yes, there is a recovery, 
and we are putting solid efforts to ensure that it's an accelerated recovery from 

 
Page 26 of 31 
where we stand. And to your question, there should be a timeline. Yes, there is always 
a timeline. Has that time come? In our assessment, no. Because there is juice left and 
we want to make an undiluted, focused effort in realizing that.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I hope your efforts bear fruit. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Miraj Shah from Arihant Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Miraj Shah: 
Hi, thank you. My questions have been answered. Just one clarification was left 
regarding the consolidated EBITDA margin that you were talking about. For FY26, you 
mentioned 10% to 12%. But what did you mention for FY25? For FY25?  
Akshat Seth: 
I think at the consolidated level, at about 7.5% to 8%.  
Miraj Shah: 
Okay, perfect. Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Thanks for giving this opportunity. Can you share with us what's the maximum 
potential revenue for each of this segment, its current prevailing prices? 
Miraj Shah: 
Maximum potential revenue? 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Miraj Shah: 
I'm just trying to build a reasonable time frame so that the answer makes sense. If I 
look at the FY27-FY28 timeframe, the Roofing segment, maximum potential could be 
about 1.3 times of where it currently is. Overall, Building solution could be in the 
range of about Rs. 750 Crore to 1000 Crore, depending on the capacity addition that 
we are doing. Pipes and Fittings our own plants, and already, I think with top line 
acquisition et cetera, we have line of sight to Rs. 1,200 crore or pushes towards the 
Rs. 1,500 crore mark. The petty CC segment will be closer to about the Rs. 500 Crore 
mark. Flooring Parador in this timeframe should be nearer to EUR230 million to 
EUR225 million mark. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Sorry, how many million euros is that? 32 million. 

 
Page 27 of 31 
Akshat Seth: 
EUR225 million to EUR230 million mark. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Thanks a lot. For this Building, you are likely to double the capacity, but for Roofing, 
any expansion is planned? 
Akshat Seth: 
Roofing, no expansion is planned. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Kumar from iThought Financial 
Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Yes, what was the realization per cubic meter for the full year in the building 
segment? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
Per cubic meter, you mean to say it's AAC blocks, which is around Rs. 2,800 after 
freight net. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Sir, isn't it much lower compared to the peers? I think the peers, even the listed peer 
is at Rs. 3800 per cubic meter. Why such a difference? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
That is with freight and that number will be in the range of Rs. 3500. Again, the prices 
are different in different geographies. So, we have a plant in Chennai, in Hyderabad, 
Gujarat, Haryana, as well as in Orissa. So, each plant has a different realization. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay. And what is the raw material cost for this segment as a percentage of sales? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
With this realization number, it will be in the range of 40%. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
40%. Okay. So, this is a gross margin is in line with other peers, but it is not reflecting 
in EBITDA margin. Is it down to the efficiencies we have in our freight and 
transportation or the operating leverage sitting in employee cost? Because the gross 
margins are same. So, we are lagging behind in the other line items. Any comment on 
this? 
Akshat Seth: 
I think, I can guess which peer you have in mind, but it's not an exact peer because 
we are a multiproduct view. So, we do Panels, we do Boards as well as Blocks. There 
is that difference to keep in mind. Also, we are a multi-geography player. So, there 

 
Page 28 of 31 
are some differences that come with that. The third, the same peer also had a in Q4, 
a fairly sharp decline on the profitability. So, there are those factors also that come 
into play. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay. Correct. And so, second question was on the other products, fiber boards and 
sandwich panels. The listed peer is going to introduce ALC panels, Autoclave 
Lightweight Concrete panels, which is going to target our sandwich panels and fiber 
boards. Is this a threat or are we working on ALC panels? 
Akshat Seth: 
Yes. So, from our side also, there is effort, but it's not a direct competition. The 
applications are similar, but not the same. A lot of it is also for our type of product, 
there is an effort that goes in building the demand for the right influences for that 
type of product. So, these are not exact substitutes to each other. 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay. Final, what's the capacity addition in AAC blocks that we are planning? 
Ajay Kapadia: 
200,000 cubic meters in the Chennai Plant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Hi, Akshat. Three questions. One is on Parador If you see the trend in the last few 
quarters, the sales have been on a decline and a lot has also to do with the market. 
And if we see the commentary from one of the largest players in Europe, the view on 
the market is still quite bearish. So, just wanted to get your thoughts on what gives 
you the confidence, the kind of volume growth we talked about for FY25. What is it 
that you're seeing in terms of which gives you the confidence that we'll be able to 
achieve that? And is that a turnaround happening from Q1, itself or you think it's 
more back-ended? That is one.  
Second, again, on Parador, we did some financial restructuring back in Q3 and the 
interest cost was expected to come down. Now, what we understand is we have 
provided an intercompany loan and as well as we have provided a corporate 
guarantee as well. So, any thoughts you can give on why we did that?  
And last is on the Building solutions. If you look at our presence by and large on a pan-
India basis, we are more on North, East and South. But if you look at some of the 
markets like say West where demand is far excess of supply right now. So, any 

 
Page 29 of 31 
particular reason why we have not been there or any plans of expansion in that 
territory? These are the three questions, thank you. 
Akshat Seth: 
So, Parador, what gives us confidence on the recovery side? I think much of what we 
are talking about is assuming a flat to stable market environment. So, whatever 
bounce back happens on the market will be an upside potentially on the numbers 
that I'm talking about. Where does that confidence come from? I think the real hard 
evidence is how the order books have been tracking over the last three to four 
months and that order book has consistently exceeded the turnovers that we have 
registered. That is one lead indicator that gives us a good sense of confidence.  
The second are steps that we have taken internally. Number one, within Europe, we 
have reorganized our sales teams, reorganized the structure in which they are 
incentivized, which basically means that some of the success we've had in our core 
Central European markets like Germany, it is now being replicated across Western 
Europe and Nordics. So, we are opening up channels on DIY retail, which was our 
traditional mainstay in Central Europe in these geographies as well. Now, these 
channels have a way of adding scale and volume in a significant manner. That's 
number one.  
Number two, I've been talking about the play on the commercial side. There, over the 
last four to five months, a lot of work is now concluded on building the right product 
portfolio, the right collateral and the right team to make a solid push towards at that 
work having been done, now there are pipelines of orders that we are changing and 
that should open up a new segment. 
 
Third is the work that we are doing with our customers, not just from a branding 
marketing, but also from a product innovation point of view. We had not done a 
major new product launch for nearly four to five years. The event that I talked about 
in March, think of it like a fashion week in the garment space. That's the kind of 
category we are in where you need to refresh what you have as an offering to the 
market periodically. We had nearly 500 people come in from mostly from Europe, but 
also a large continent from places like China where nearly 40 people showed up. That 
has resulted into orders, a lot of customer interest, but most importantly, sort of 

 
Page 30 of 31 
reasserted our seriousness of being in that business, in that geography and the new 
geographies that we are getting into. 
 
Places like US and China last year in terms of the revenue performance, although still 
small, but have been the best ever for us. Those are also showing signs. A lot of the 
confidence that we speak about is coming up bottom up from what we are hearing 
from the markets that we are playing in and the teams that operate in that market. It 
is not a mathematical projection on Excel. These are all bottom up estimates. 
 
I'm again reiterating that these estimates are basis, continued sluggishness in the 
macroeconomic environment. If that bounces and there are indications that that 
bounces up, there might be an upside also on this. So that was, I think, your question 
on Parador.  
Ajay Kapadia: 
One question was on the financing cost advantage. So the annualized advantage will 
be in the range of Rs. 5.5 Crore. Half of it is already realized in last year. The balance 
will come in this year.  
Akshat Seth: 
In your question on Building solutions. Yes. West has been an interesting market. We 
do have capacity. It's not that we don't have. We have a planting Golan which 
produces Blocks. So, there is some capacity. Do we want to seriously consider putting 
up more capacity? Yes. Are we evaluating it? Yes. So as soon as we are in a position 
to announce something concrete, we'll share it with you. But we are closely tracking 
the market and we agree with your view that it's an attractive one for Building 
solutions. 
Viraj: 
Just one follow-up on Parador. In the past, we talked about having a pipeline of more 
than 70 million-75 million on commercials, right? How will that pipeline be now and 
how is the conversion happening? Any color you can give on that? 
Akshat Seth: 
We wouldn’t have the exact numbers. My sense is after churning out the winds and 
whatever lost opportunity, we will still be in the zone of about 80 million-85 million. 
That I think is a healthy pipeline to maintain. What has been the win ratio? The win 
ratios are typically the win loss, It's about 35% as the win ratio that happens. But you 
would appreciate that items in these pipelines also have a 2 to 4 months period in 

 
Page 31 of 31 
which it gets resolved and the decisions come. So that's the other factor to keep in 
mind. 
Moderator: 
We will take that as a last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Akshat Seth: 
Great. Thank you. As always, it's been a pleasure interacting with all of you over this 
call. We thank you for taking the time out. Thank you for staying engaged with the 
HIL story. I will again reiterate. I think there were some comments that Keshav made. 
We take those comments in the absolute positive manner because that's the 
opportunity that lies in front of us. 
 
For companies with the legacy that we hold, there will be periods where the 
opportunity looks wider than what it should. But that's the time when our execution 
capability and our legacy comes into play. And we are deeply conscious of making 
that turnaround in a quick and accelerated manner. So thank you so much. If you have 
more questions, you would like to know more about any of our businesses and how 
we are doing, we are happy to spend time one-on-one with any of you. But do reach 
out to our investor relations desk and we will revert ASAP on those queries. Thank 
you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of HIL Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although 
an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. Please also note that this document has been edited without changing 
much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed on 
the call. 
