 
15th May, 2024 
 
 
The Manager - Listing 
BSE Limited 
BSE Code: 501455 
The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
NSE Code: GREAVESCOT 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter and year ended 31st 
March, 2024 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated 03rd May, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the 
Transcript of the quarterly earnings call for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024. The 
transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.greavescotton.com  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
 
 
 
Atindra Basu 
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
 
  
 
ATINDRA 
NATH BASU
Digitally signed by 
ATINDRA NATH 
BASU 
Date: 2024.05.15 
17:17:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Greaves Cotton Limited 
 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Representatives: 
Nagesh Basavanhalli – Non - Executive Vice Chairman, GCL 
Akhila Balachandar – CFO, GCL 
Dr. Arup Basu – Managing Director, GCL 
K Vijaya Kumar – ED & CEO, Greaves Electric Mobility 
Narasimha Jayakumar – CEO, Greaves Retail 
Chandrasekar Thyagarajan – CFO, GEMPL 
Varghese Thomas – Chief Communications Officer – GCL 
Atindra Basu – Group General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 

 
2 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good morning and welcome to Greaves Cotton Limited Q4 and FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
From the Management we have with us Mr. Nagesh Basavanhalli – Non-Executive Vice 
Chairman, GCL; Ms. Akhila Balachandar – CFO, GCL;  Dr. Arup Basu – Managing Director, GCL; 
Mr. K. Vijaya Kumar – ED and CEO, GEMPL; Mr. Narasimha Jayakumar – CEO, Greaves Retail; 
Mr. Chandrasekar Thyagarajan – CFO, GEMPL; Mr. Varghese Thomas – Chief Communications 
Officer, GCL; Mr Atindra Basu – Group General Counsel and Company Secretary. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode.  And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing "*" then "0"on 
your phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nagesh Basavanhalli, Non-Executive Vice Chairman of 
Greaves Cotton Limited.  Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
Good morning, everybody. Nagesh Basavanhalli here. Very glad to be here.  Welcome to the 
Greaves Cotton Q4 Analysts call and hope you are having a great day today.  
Our transformation journey from diesel engines to a multifaceted organization, embracing a 
fuel agnostic approach and getting closer to the customer, the journey we started a few years 
ago, is beginning to bear fruit.  The company's performance over the last quarter underscores 
the resilience of our diversification strategy.  Collaborating with Excel Controlinkage, our 
newest entity that we acquired, has unlocked new capabilities and growth for Greaves 
Engineering, both in India and abroad.  
Our evolution from a B2B Diesel Engine only company to a B2B plus B2C has been fueled by 
the robustness of the strategy.  This has been pivotal in installing confidence as we go forward.  
I want to take this opportunity to ask the CFO to come in, and then the CEOs to come in and 
talk about their business in more detail.  Over to your, Ms. Akhila Balachandar, she will discuss 
the financial performance.  Thank you. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Thank you, Nagesh.  And good morning, everyone.  Like Nagesh mentioned, we have had a very 
good financial performance this year and we are happy to report our full year financials today.  
On a standalone basis, revenue for Greaves Cotton stood at Rs.1,779 crores, a growth of 15% 
year-on-year.  Our newest acquisition, Excel, revenue stands at Rs.263 crores on a full-year 
basis, a growth of 41% year-on-year with robust margins of 31%.  Our engineering and retail 
businesses both registered double-digit growth of 17% and 10%, respectively.  And like I 
mentioned, Excel's acquisition has proven value accretive with a first-year growth of 41% year-
on-year.  Almost one-third of Excel's revenues are from the export market, and this has really 
helped us to grow efficiently.  

 
3 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
Greaves Electric Mobility's revenue stands at Rs. 612 crores with a strong focus on new product 
launches and a path to profitability.  
Coming to margins, standalone EBITDA for FY24 stood at Rs. 232 crores vis-a-vis Rs. 151 crores 
last year in the same period, a growth of 53% year-on-year.  This has also been helped by 
extremely good margins at 13%, an improvement of 325 basis points compared to last year's 
9.77%.  And if I were to look at GCL plus Excel, as a combined entity, the EBITDA is Rs. 309 
crores with the margins at healthy 15.2%.  As I mentioned earlier in both our earlier earnings 
presentations, this has put us back on track to a historical trend of 13% to 15% EBITDA margins.  
Here I would also like to emphasize that we continue our EBITDA improvement journey. 
On a standalone basis, our profits were decadal high, our PBT was a decadal high of Rs.366 
crores.  Along with the margin improvement journey, we have also focused on working capital 
management, and this has ensured that our ROCE stands at a healthy 50% plus.  In terms of 
balance sheet strength, the company continues to have an almost zero-debt and standalone 
cash of Rs.500+ crores, which will be used for further expansion and investments as we go 
forward.  Given the healthy performance of the company, the Board has proposed a final 
dividend of 100%.  Looking forward, we remain steadfast in our commitment to our growth 
and transformation journey.  We are confident that our strong foundation and unwavering 
commitment to excellence will sustain our success in the forthcoming quarters and the exciting 
opportunities the future holds.  
One area where we saw a lot of pressure in the early parts of the last year was the overall 
commodity cycle.  I'm happy to note that the commodity cycle has been soft in this current 
financial year and had a very positive impact and will continue to do so going forward.  We are 
also continuously monitoring and evaluating the current geopolitical situation and its sort of 
impact.  However, we continue our internal endeavors in our profit improvement journey. 
With this, I invite Dr. Arup Basu to share his remarks on the engineering business.  Over to you, 
Arup. 
Arup Basu: 
Thank you, Akhila. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen.  My commentary is on the 
performance of the engineering business, that is Greaves Engines and Excel Controlinkage.  
In FY24, the revenue of Greaves Engines grew 17%, as Akhila said.  We continue to make good 
progress on our ongoing program to build a future-ready energy flexible portfolio to gradually 
wean us from a dependence on demand for diesel engines.  As I mentioned during previous 
analyst calls on 8th November 2023, and again on 8th February 2024, the ICE engine and genset 
portfolio is being augmented with greener fuel agnostic variants that can use CNG and biodiesel 
and ethanol blended fuels.  
In addition, we have commenced sales of engine components.  These products utilize our 
current manufacturing assets and are helping us maximize value from our manufacturing 

 
4 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
infrastructure and equipment.  Additionally, as these products rely on our existing domain 
expertise and precision manufacturing, the business can grow relatively rapidly.  
Simultaneously, we are increasing the share of exports in our total revenue.  In FY24, exports 
accounted for about 12.5% of total revenue.  Our exports are relatively evenly distributed 
across the USA, European Union, and the rest of the world.  This diversification is intentional 
as a form of geographic risk mitigation.  
The integration with Excel Controlinkage has moved to the next stage with the initiation of 
cross selling products and services.  We are continuing to augment our prevailing domain depth 
in mechanical engineering with mechatronics and electronics.  The latter will also help support 
the growth of electronic sensors.  
Overall, the prevailing tailwinds in the Indian economy and the manufacturing ecosystem in 
general, our geographically diverse customer base, our complementary platform technologies, 
and application areas, combined with our brand Greaves, makes us optimistic about the future.  
Thank you.  
I now hand it over to my colleague Narasimha Jayakumar.  Over to you, Narasimha. 
Narasimha Jayakumar: 
Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen.  This is Narasimha Jayakumar, I'm the CEO of Greaves 
Retail.  Very pleased to be here to present to you the business commentary for Q4 and for the 
full financial year.  
Greaves Retail had strong revenue growth in Q4 FY24 with a 27% year-on-year increase.  Full 
year revenue increased by 10% Y-on-Y. Revenue was Rs. 162 crores for Q4 and for the full year 
was Rs.588 crores, which is a growth of 10%.  Highlight was also the overall almost 120 bps of 
margin improvement overall compared to last year.  
Just on the business itself, as you probably know, Greaves Retail continues to be amongst the 
top three aftermarket companies in India catering to the small commercial vehicle segment 
which spans three-wheelers, electric three-wheelers, and small commercial vehicles.  During 
the course of the year, we have expanded our business operations significantly in spares 
distribution going across various vehicle segments.  The network now spans both domestic and 
international markets.  We have also, in Q4, done a major part line expansion to include electric 
vehicle parts like motors, controllers, batteries and so on, which targets the growing e-rickshaw 
market in the country, and in general on the electrification side.  
We have our digital initiatives which I touched on in the previous analyst call that are now really 
bearing fruit and is proving to be a moat for the business.  We have scaled up our Greaves 
Upahar mechanic loyalty program quite significantly.  We now have almost touch 20,000 
mechanics and we have over 5,000 active scanning mechanics on a daily basis.  This has led to 
good secondary sales and good retention of customers for us. 

 
5 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
Our Greaves Care outlets, which are essentially franchise-owned franchise-operated, have now 
touched almost 138 billing outlets in the country, which are a good sort of independent 
standalone spares consumption channels for us.  And they also do multi-brand service outlets 
catering to both electric three-wheelers and three-wheelers.  
We have also, on the institutional customer side, acquired additional customers in the railway 
business for our gensets, spares and services, which has expanded our presence into new 
railway zones.  Last but not least, our part lines now also include construction equipment parts 
catering to the growing construction equipment industry in India.  This is on the beachhead of 
Excel's product portfolio for us.  
So, overall, it has been a very good quarter and a year.  We are very optimistic about the future.  
Thank you.  
I would now like to hand it over to my colleague Mr. K. Vijaya Kumar, CEO of Greaves Electric 
Mobility Private Limited.  
K. Vijaya Kumar: 
Very good morning, ladies, and gentlemen.  Very happy to be here taking you through the 
performance of Greaves Electric Mobility for Q4. 
So, in Q4, our total two-wheeler sales were 8,448 units.  Our three-wheeler sales were 2,579.  
In total for Q4 we did 11,527 to be precise.  And we closed the year at 61,000 total units of 
two-wheeler and three-wheeler together. 
As an organization, as you are all aware, we are waiting for our subsidy approvals for which we 
have completed all our part of commitments to the Government of India, and we are waiting 
for the final approvals in terms of getting back onto the portal.  
The most important and significant information from our side is on the new product 
development.  We are happy to share that we launched our most awaited technology marvel, 
we call it the next big thing, a product named Nexus into the market, to the press fraternity as 
well as to our complete dealership network this month.  And it has been received very, very 
well in terms of overall response.  
I would like to spend a few minutes explaining that.  It comes with very innovative 
groundbreaking features, innovations which have been built into it that it has the first time a 
very multi patented hybrid swing arm which has a field suspension.  Basically, it's a two-stage 
hybrid architecture which isolates the wheel shocks from the best of the NVH performance 
which we see in today's two-wheeler market.  Very effective belt protection system which gives 
it 5x durability.  
So, if you see from a two-wheeler perspective in terms of right comfort, in terms of durability, 
and it has been designed and developed in India by a very, I will say, different theme which we 

 
6 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
based it on the Arctic Tern.  It's a bird which has motivated us to design that product.  So, it has 
smart fit body panels, which is the first time again in India where there are no visible hard 
mountings, modular body panels for easy serviceability. 
We are launching this for the first time around with the safest LSV battery there.  As you are 
aware, it has a much better excellent energy chemistry, 30% better cycle life which gives it, 
from a TCO perspective, in terms of better durability and life.  Unique thermal flow cooling 
architecture is what we have innovated currently where the wind flow as the vehicle travels.  
And from the front to the rear vents, it's so aesthetically designed, but at the same time it 
reduces the heat on the battery side.  
So, I will not get into very large details of the product.  But it's been an innovation which has 
been acknowledged by the media, acknowledged by our partners, and we are our own wave 
where it is expected to be successful is what our expectation is.  On the dealer partner and the 
supplier side, they are really motivated.  We are seeing an uptick in terms of their response to 
the product as well as to the overall outlook towards this financial year.  
Coming to the three-wheeler business, last quarter we released our electric three-wheeler, 
called ELTRA, and it is now gaining traction in terms of visibility.  We are going in stage phases 
launching the product.  We started off from South India and now we are entering Uttar Pradesh 
in a very big way.  And we see a lot of green shoots on the electric three-wheeler also.  
So, that's an overview of overall from Greaves Electric Mobility side.  And thank you for being 
on the call.  Over to Varghese, please.  
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
Let's open it up for questions.  I now hand it back to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question 
is from the line of Aashin from Equirus Securities.  Please go ahead. 
Aashin Mod: 
Sir my first question is regarding margins in the engines business and in the aftermarket 
business.  So, despite decent growth on a sequential basis, margins in both the businesses have 
reduced significantly.  So, could you please help us understand what were the reasons behind 
that? 
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
Akhila? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, essentially, if you realize, we have been going through a margin improvement journey.  And 
over the last eight quarters, both our margins in both the engines business as well as the retail 
business have constantly been improving.  There are cyclical impacts, there would be some 
seasonality to it, but the North Star goal and target has been to move back to the 13% plus 
range.  And on a yearly basis, if you see, we have come back to what we were in pre-COVID.  I 
would not put too much significance into Q4, because I said there will be a business mix, there 

 
7 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
will be product mix issues coming and playing in.  But overall if I were to take on a yearly basis 
and also on eight quarter basis, we would have been able to do a robust improvement journey. 
Aashin Mod: 
My second question is only e-mobility business.  So, with this FAME 2 subsidy almost ending, 
could you help us understand are we qualified for the PLI scheme? 
K. Vijaya Kumar: 
So, as I mentioned in my speech, we have completed all formalities from our side, and we are 
awaiting approvals from the Government of India.  
Arup Basu: 
And additionally, your question on PLI, we are not part of the PLI scheme.  Back on the FAME 
and EMPS, as you know, the FAME gave way to the EMPS scheme up to 31st July.  And we are 
awaiting information on what happens beyond that date.  Back on the PLI for just a moment, 
the supplier auto component PLI, we believe that working with our suppliers we should be able 
to get the price advantage coming from the PLI scheme that will, through market forces, be 
passed on to our parts suppliers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niraj Kamtekar from ProsperoTree.  Please go ahead. 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Sir, my question is related to standalone business.  See, we used to sell 2,90,000 engine units 
in FY 20 and now the company is producing fuel agnostic machines.  But our total sales are 
88,846 units for FY24.  Can we reach the FY20 levels?  And how we will reach that level? 
Arup Basu: 
This is Arup Basu, maybe I can try and respond to that.  So, what you have indicated is the auto 
engine sales for diesel engines.  As I mentioned, we are now building a portfolio which will have 
diesel as well as CNG, as well as going forward electric, that's part of the plan.  And when we 
look at engine sales, auto is one angle.  The other applications are in the non-automotive 
applications, for example, pumps, etc.  There also we have had just under 50,000 engines sales.  
So, our total engine sales are 136,000.  There is a pattern shift in three-wheelers where earlier 
there were essentially diesel-based three-wheelers and now it's diesel plus CNG plus electric.  
So, the whole pie is changing.  The three-wheeler industry is growing significantly, so we will 
be playing in the growing market for three-wheelers.  Thank you.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Yes.  But I think FY20, the number of units sold was 290,000 and we are half the mark, 1,36,000, 
in FY24.  Can we even reach the 2,00,000 mark? 
Arup Basu: 
See, there are two things that happened from that time.  There was COVID which pretty much 
had a significantly adverse impact on last mile mobility because of the lockdowns, etc.  And 
combined with that, there was a lot of pushbacks against diesel-based three-wheeler 
applications, in many parts of India there were diesel bans and so on.  So, what will happen is 
the three-wheeler industry is growing again, it will grow.  And our portfolio and our 
participation in the three-wheeler industry will grow.  The fuel mix will be determined by many 
other parameters, not by us.  And that's the reason why we have put our efforts to create a 

 
8 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
portfolio that is energy agnostic.  So, whether it's CNG, whether it's diesel or whether it's 
electric, we will be playing in the entire range. 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
And, sir, my last question, recently we launched the Nexus in the EV, but is it without the 
eligibility of the subsidy or with the subsidy we have launched? 
K. Vijaya Kumar: 
So, presently what we have launched, Nexus is without the subsidy built into it.  So, we are 
focusing more on innovation, and we are focusing more on building efficiency in our supply 
chain and our cost of goods purchased and things like that.  So, to answer your question, it's 
basically without subsidy. 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
But if the subsidy is allowed, then the difference will be around Rs. 10,000, as per the new 
guidelines? 
K. Vijaya Kumar: 
Yes, the difference will be around Rs. 10,000. 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
And if permit me the last question that the other expense at the standalone level has increased 
from Rs. 44 crores on a quarter-on-quarter basis to Rs. 57 crores.  Is there any specific reason 
for such, I think, the other expense?  
Akhila Balachandar: 
So, let me take that.  Essentially, other expenses include a lot of variable and manufacturing 
overheads.  So, if you see, the growth from Q3 to Q4, that has also been significant.  And most 
of the increase is on account of the directly variable expenses. 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
But ma'am, the revenue has grown by 10% and expenses by more than 20%. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
That is correct.  As I said, there will be various components of the variable expenses, and this 
has grown in proportion to the overall growth in the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Chandrachoodamani from PrimeInvestor.  
Please go ahead. 
Chandrachoodamani: 
So, my question is on EV business.  So, after the unfortunate set of events in the last two years, 
you burned a lot of cash.  And if I understand correctly, you are left with the Rs. 200 crores to 
Rs. 250 crores in the EV division, cash.  Sir, three related questions.  So, how is your PE investor 
viewing this situation, that is, this kind of cash burn and all?  Second, how you are able to 
manage your dealership ecosystem with such a slump in sales volumes?  And third is, on a 
three-year basis, would you require additional cash for this business or additional fundraising?  
Or you will be able to manage with whatever is left?  These are my three questions. 
Chandrasekar Thyagarajan: Yeah, I will take question number one and three, and I will request Vijaya to answer question 
number two.  This is Chandrasekar here.  On the view of our strategic investor, they are part of 

 
9 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
our Board, they are part of the decision-making process at the leadership level.  And they are 
fully supportive of the trajectory that we are taking as a business, right.  
On your third question regarding funding, yeah, you may have already seen the general 
announcement that went yesterday.  The Board of the company has been discussing and 
deliberating the various options for raising funds in green electric mobility.  And we will come 
up with more information as and when it is available.  
K. Vijaya Kumar: 
This is Vijaya Kumar.  I will address your second question.  So, from the distribution standpoint, 
we have more than 400 partners in the country.  And post launch and repricing of our present 
models, which we have done, which is the Magnus and the REO, there is a very good positive 
uptake.  And you will be able to see that momentum building in the quarters to come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Patel from Patel Investments.  Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Good set of improvement overall.  My question is regarding the fundraising plan that you 
touched upon.  It is in both Greaves Electric Mobility as well as Greaves Finance, and one of the 
options is IPO as well.  So, if you can give some more color to that in terms of what is the overall 
thinking.  
And the second question is, is there any likelihood that we might get back the subsidy that we 
pay to the government in good faith, knowing that one of the competitors probably got the 
money?  And I could be wrong on that but would like to know your views on those.  Thank you.  
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
I think we have lost the Electric Mobility team.  But just to come in, the Board has announced 
that they will look at all options, and I think the release that was sent out and the CFO touched 
upon it, right.  So, as and when we have more information on what those funding options are 
and the timing, I think we will share more.  
Regarding the second thing, I think the CEO touched upon the point that we have done 
everything from our side.  We are waiting for confirmation from the department on the subsidy 
next steps.  So, we are waiting, we have done everything in our control, and we are waiting for 
the response.  
Bhavesh Patel: 
In fact, on that, you are saying next step is one, but is there a likelihood of us getting back the 
money that we provisioned in the last quarter?  
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
So, that's what I'm saying, let's wait for the department to get back, right. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Thank you and best wishes.  And I hope for a better performance going ahead.  Thank you. 

 
10 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Deepanshu Agarwal from Quants Analyst LLP.  
Please go ahead. 
Deepanshu Agarwal: 
So, I'm saying, from the last few years, the share price movement has been a little more 
stagnant even with Greaves Electric Mobility coming in and there's a lot of news of competitors 
going into IPO, yet our share price performance has almost been stagnating.  So, just wanted 
to get your view.  And is there any plan of having any investor relationship activity being done 
to probably make improvement in the share price? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Sure.  We have, over the last couple of years, as you know, undertaken a transformation 
journey at the Greaves overall group.  We are moving away from a single product diesel engine 
company to investments in fuel-agnostic, mixed fuels, multi-fuels technologies.  This is a 
journey that will be of continuous nature and over the next few years.  
One of our major investments has been in Greaves Electric Mobility, which had done extremely 
well in the last financial year, as you are aware.  This year with the issues coming from NHAI, 
we have faced a lot of turbulent times, as you are also aware.  On our part, we have paid up 
the demands of the government and are awaiting next steps from their side.  We believe that 
on the other side, Greaves Cotton, the parent company, has also done its own share of good 
work and our standalone results reflect the journey that we have undertaken at our end.  
We believe that this is an ongoing journey.  The company is well funded and the Board also, as 
shared by both Nagesh and Vijaya, has deliberated options of capitalizing the company as per 
its requirement.  So, there are a lot of things happening and the Board is extremely cognizant 
of all these matters on hand.  
At the share price level and investor relation what I would like to share is, we keep on engaging 
with the investor community.  We have been giving regular updates of the developments at 
both the organizations and we have been continuously engaged.  The share price is a reflection, 
and we believe that our continuous financial performance improved, with the growth story and 
the margin improvement journey, will surely over the next few quarters reflect also in the share 
price.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Kenil Mehta from Omkara Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Sir, I wanted to know can you please provide a road map or guidelines on the EV business and 
what will be your focus area?  As we have seen the volumes of two-wheelers have decreased, 
but the volumes of three-wheelers have increased, and overall, the three-wheeler market for 
EV is also increasing, it has touched of 4 lakh vehicles per annum over last year.  So, should we 
expect the volume setback in the two-wheelers to be set off by the three-wheeler in coming 
years?  Or the two-wheeler volume will also go back to earlier levels of 2 lakhs per annum? 

 
11 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
K. Vijaya Kumar: 
We are one of the leading players who are operating across the last mile mobility solution, 
which is the two-wheeler, which is the L5, and which is the L3.  I will answer or take up each of 
your questions for each segment first.  
If you take two-wheelers, two-wheelers as a brand, Ampere has been in the market for 15-plus 
years.  And we are predominantly known and loved as a brand in the middle segment, which is 
the family-oriented segment, and which is where the bulk of the industry is sitting.  So, we have 
launched Nexus, which we call it India's first family scooter, a high-performance family scooter.  
And it has been seeing a lot of traction.  You must see the product to believe it in terms of the 
build quality, in terms of the fit and finish, in terms of the technology which I mentioned when 
I started the call.  It is overall comprehensively a very well-built vehicle which will be able to 
compete in the middle segment, I would say, the high-speed segment of the Indian electric 
two-wheeler market.  
As you rightly mentioned, we see in the next three years the two-wheeler industry growing and 
the segment share of electric two-wheelers growing in that proportion.  And we are working 
towards new products with our three leading brands, which we call it, four rather, NXG, which 
is the Nexus, Magnus, which we are taking on certain new product developments in our next 
discussion, we will be able to focus. And then Primus and REO. So, we are I think very well 
poised from a product, technology, brand, and a distribution standpoint to gather and increase 
our market share. 
Coming to the L5 three-wheeler segment, you are right, the market has grown in the last two 
years.  And with ELTRA, the electric three-wheeler which we have launched, our product has a 
key USP, which we have demonstrated, that it delivers the maximum range, I mean, on a single 
charge in that given category.  We are seeing a very good response.  It's the very initial phase 
where we are just opening up production and building out distribution across the country.  But 
we believe that we will be able to increase our market share.  We are already in the top five 
when you look at the Vaahan data for L5.  But I think there is headroom available as we have 
not started distributing, selling and building volumes across the country.  
On the L3, which is our Ele brand, we are working on building our new products.  We already 
have a 150-plus distribution across the country.  We have a strong play in the northern and the 
eastern states of the country.  And that industry has also grown in the last year or the last 18 
months I would say.  And we foresee a good play there.  So, it's a comprehensive product mix 
in the last mile mobility solution where I think Greaves Electric Mobility is very distinctly 
positioned as compared to the market and the other operating players in the segment.  Thank 
you so much.  
Kenil Mehta: 
Can you give a road map or guidance on your Greaves Retail business which has doubled over 
the last three to four years from your FY21 days, from Rs.250 crores revenue to Rs.550 crores.  

 
12 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
So, what should we expect in the coming years?  Should it be the growth driver further?  Or 
the revenue growth will slow down going forward? 
Narasimha Jayakumar: 
Yeah, I won't be able to talk about the future obviously.  But I think as you must have seen from 
my previous analyst calls and in the call that I did before, we are moving the portfolio to newer 
growth areas very consciously.  So, from a portfolio that was primarily doing the three-wheeler, 
diesel aftermarket segment, we have moved into newer areas.  We are now fuel agnostic, so 
we do CNG parts, we do petrol.  Increasingly the company is moving towards newer growth 
areas such as EV components and parts for the aftermarket.  It's a very, very growing area.  
We are also looking at, we have also launched parts on the construction equipment line 
catering to specific applications around mining, road building, commercial building, 
construction.  All this means that we have a very comprehensive suite of products for the 
aftermarket.  And we have also strengthened our distribution, as I mentioned, both in India as 
well as overseas.  So, we have all sorts of growth underpinnings for the future.  
Kenil Mehta: 
Also, sir, in the Greaves Engine business, if you compare your FY19 to FY20 base, we have non-
auto segment at 70,000 to 80,000 volumes, then it thereby decreased to 30,000 volumes, and 
now it started increasing.  Should we expect the same level of volume in the coming year, non-
automotive? 
Arup Basu: 
This is Arup Basu; I will try and respond to your question.  The non-auto, while we call it a 
segment, is actually a very large portfolio of applications.  It includes various small engine 
applications in boats, it includes applications for fire pumps, it includes gensets, and a whole 
host of other prime mover applications where there is an engine or some engine driving the 
mobility or the movement.  Now what we have been doing over the last few years is looking at 
that portfolio in terms of the mix of applications and products that we have.  So, the right way 
to look at it would be to see whether our applications are growing, whether our mix is growing, 
and whether our performance in terms of the profitability of the areas that we play in.  So, the 
demand in all this together is going to grow, that's for sure given what's happening in the Indian 
economy.  And so, we ought to be chasing that growth and we are a serious participant in that 
growth.  I hope that helps. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
So, with all the transformation journey that you have taken along with the investment in 
growth areas across all the businesses.  So, on a consolidated level FY25, can we expect it to be 
profitable?  So, like directionally what should one expect overall for the company? 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Hi, Rahil. Can you please repeat your question?  Because it's not clear.  I mean, what exactly is 
the question that you are asking? 

 
13 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
Actually, let me jump in.  I think the question is, consol profitability in the next year.  As you 
know Rahil, we do not get into forward guidance, but the CFO can add to that, if you want to 
give any additional input. 
Akhila Balachandar: 
Sure.  Thanks, Nagesh, for that.  So, Rahil, if you were to look at it, even FY24 we have given, at 
a consolidated level, the EBITDA and the operating PBT are positive.  We have had a challenging 
year with Greaves Electric Mobility, which as I mentioned earlier, we have been very 
transparent both with the investing community and the government and shared our 
representations.  And therefore, we continue to be committed to that line.  As explained by 
Vijaya, we have a very strong product portfolio road map, and we believe strongly in the 
prospects of the company.  I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Patel from Patel Investment.  Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavesh Patel: 
Thank you for the opportunity.  It was in the similar line in terms of outcome of the 
transformation, so I get that answer.  And do want to compliment the Board in terms of 
increasing the dividend.  And hopefully, not a forward-looking but just a confidence from you 
that with the increased performance, shareholder benefits will continue to accrue to us.  
Arup Basu: 
Thank you for your comments, yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  That was the last question.  I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nagesh 
Basavanhalli for closing comments.  Please go ahead. 
Nagesh Basavanhalli: 
Thank you, all. I think let me do a quick summary.  Starting with the Greaves Engines part, I 
think what we discussed today was, from a diesel engine company which was catering to 
400,000 to 500,000 type of a market, now we are in diesel plus CNG plus electric, on the auto 
side.  Then we started talking about the non-auto side and the non-auto engines.  And if you 
look at the volumes, there has been a volume growth year-on-year, 26% on the auto side, 13% 
on the non-auto side.  Point number one.  
Point number two.  In addition to that, export business has started to increase, that was 
covered in Dr. Basu's part.  Point number three, component business where our focus on 
manufacturing, supply chain, and profitable delivery of that has started to happen in casting, 
precision machining, coatings, etc.  Bottom line is, I think traditionally we have looked at the 
number of engines, but not auto engines or diesel engines.  You should be looking at us as the 
diesel engines, fuel agnostic engines, non-auto engines, components.  That is how our factory 
utilization is happening and that's where one of the revenue streams is coming.  
Point number three, Excel.  Excel was an acquisition which has grown year-over-year and that 
number I think was shared.  It's also coming at a 30%+ PBT.  It's got global customers, 40% of 
its business is exports.  It also expands our horizon from last mile mobility to now dealing with 

 
14 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
construction majors like JCB and heavy truck and heavy bus majors like Daimler, Caterpillar, 
JCB, Scania, etc.  So, the expansion of the marketplace has happened, and the product of the 
component engineering play has happened, leveraging our engineering capability.  
Now let me get into GR.  Greaves Retail, Narasimha has talked about spares plus service plus 
retail.  And how in the spares side, in addition to the auto side, they have gone into fuel agnostic 
play, and they are also getting to certain other adjacencies, construction, he touched upon it.  
Leveraging's are tens of thousands of mechanics and retailers in India, they have built a digital 
infrastructure which connects how we are moving forward.  The overall engineering and the 
retail structure has also transitioned from a skill level, from a mechanical-only diesel engine-
only to mechatronics, electronics, and sensors.  That's what Dr. Basu was stretching upon 
earlier.  
Now coming to the last point, Greaves Electric Mobility, the CEO talked about two-wheeler and 
three-wheeler, they are also into B2B and B2C.  And they talked about how the market is 
looking at some of the newer products.  All in all, I believe that what the CFO said, at Rs.366 
crores it was one of the highest PBT that the company has registered for the last year.  And we 
will continue to keep the team and the management will continue to keep working on all this 
expanding and multi-pronged and multifaceted revenue stream.  Thank you all for your 
attention and your time today.  Have a great day.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  On behalf of Greaves Cotton Limited, we thank you once again.  Stay safe.  With 
this, we conclude this investor call.  Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your 
line. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
Anvita Raghuram / Chetna Patil 
Churchgate Partners 
 
+91 22 6169 5988 
greavescotton@churchgatepartners.com  
 
 
 

 
15 | Greaves Cotton Limited (www.greavescotton.com) 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability. 
 
This transcript contains statements that contain "forward looking statements" including, but without limitation, 
statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to Greaves 
Cotton ("Greaves" or the Company) future business developments and economic performance.  While these 
forward-looking statements indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of 
our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and 
results to differ materially from our expectations.  These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, 
macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, 
competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing 
with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial 
performance.  Greaves undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
 
