 
 
www.windlas.com 
 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
Reg. Off.: 40/1, Mohabewala Industrial Area 
Dehradun, Uttarakhand 248 110, India 
Tel.:+91-135-6608000-30, Fax:+91-135-6608199 
 
Corp. Off.: 705-706, Vatika Professional Point, Sector-66, 
Golf Course Ext. Road, Gurgaon, Haryana 122 001, India 
Tel.:+91-124-2821030 
 
CIN-L74899UR2001PLC033407 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To 
Listing / Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
 
BSE CODE: 
543329  
 
 
 
    NSE SYMBOL:  WINDLAS 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
attached herewith Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Windlas Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ananta Narayan Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
ANANTA 
NARAYAN 
PANDA
Digitally signed by ANANTA NARAYAN PANDA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=201014, st=UTTAR PRADESH, 
street=GHAZIABAD, l=GHAZIABAD, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=d2082d93e15965f73ffccb8ae875405ffd3ac4c
1ae778b6f00eb6c4beaf55833, 
pseudonym=518ea108614c4998bf02594e40c0053f, 
2.5.4.20=4f9344753f9c306bf372fbfc19d4b48e2058972a7ae6
63bdd5f59d14242d4bbd, 
email=ANANTPANDA@GMAIL.COM, cn=ANANTA NARAYAN 
PANDA 
Date: 2024.05.27 18:22:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Windlas Biotech Limited Q4 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on 21st May 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HITESH WINDLASS – MANAGING DIRECTOR,  
MS. KOMAL GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Windlas Biotech Limited Q4 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward looking statements about the Company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Today on the call we have, Mr. Hitesh Windlass – Managing Director, Ms. Komal Gupta – CEO 
and CFO. I now hand the conference over to the Mr. Hitesh Windlass. Thank you and over to 
you sir.  
Hitesh Windlass: 
Good morning, everyone and apologies for the problems and the clarity of the line. 
I will start again and try to be quicker. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us 
today for our Financial Results for Quarter and year ended the 31st March 2024. We have 
uploaded the press release and investor presentation on our website as well as on the exchanges. 
I hope everyone must have gotten an opportunity to go through it. 
Initially I would like to discuss the outlook and way forward followed by Financial Highlights 
for Q4 and FY24 of the Company which will be shared by our CEO and CFO – Ms. Komal 
Gupta.  
During fiscal 2024, IPM witnessed a growth of the 7.6% with volume constituting 0.7%. We are 
very happy to share that your Company has achieved record growth of 23% in FY24. The 
strategic decisions made in preceding years, such as expanding our customer base and launching 
innovative products are yielding favorable outcomes in generic formulations CDMO verticals. 
In trade generics and institutional vertical also, your Company continues to focus on providing 
accessible, affordable and authentic medication to the underserved semi-urban and rural markets 
in India. Government policies that extend medical coverage to vast number of economically 
backward Indians through schemes like ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and ‘Jan Aushadhi’ are further 
accelerating our institutional purchases.  
In March 2024, we commenced manufacturing at our state-of-the-art injectables facility which 
is built to meet international CGMP standards. This facility deepens our focus on complex 
dosage forms and chronic, sub-chronic therapies and shall cater to all three of our business 
verticals. The Company achieved its highest ever earnings per share in both FY24 at Rs. 27.97, 
YoY growth of 42% and in Q4 Rs. 8.17, YoY growth of 52% following its listing.  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Furthermore, we have effectively improved our liquidity position, distributed dividends to our 
esteemed shareholders and generated substantial net operating cash flows. Our robust financial 
performance in FY24 and Q4 is a testament to our dedicated team, strong partnership and 
customer centric approach. We are confident in our ability to continue this growth trajectory and 
create long term value for all the stakeholders. I will now request Ms. Komal Gupta, our CEO 
and CFO to discuss the financial performance highlights. Over to you Komal.  
Komal Gupta: 
Thank you Hitesh. Good morning, everyone. Windlass Biotech remains focused on expanding 
our capability pursuing expansion in newer geography, driving innovation and delivering high 
quality pharmaceutical products to meet the evolving needs of our customers and patients. Our 
strategic initiatives and operational efficiencies, position us well for sustained growth and value 
creation.  
We are delighted to announce strong FY24 financial results on the back of performance 
momentum seen consecutively across last five quarters. Q4 recorded 171 Cr revenue and 22 
crores EBITDA, being thus the fifth consecutive quarter of highest ever revenue and EBITDA. 
The Company generated strong net operating cash flow of 109 crores during FY24 and had a 
healthy liquidity position of 206 crores as on the 31st March, 2024.  
EPS stood at 27.97 and 8.17 per share in FY24 and Q4 depicting a YoY growth of 42% and 52% 
respectively. In line with our dividend policy, the Company proposed a dividend of 11.4 crores 
that is Rs. 5.5 per share related to FY24. The growth in generic formulation CDMO business 
vertical is driven by our sustained efforts to attract new customers, increase wallet share with 
current customers and launch of new products. This vertical achieved a revenue of 481.3 crores 
in FY24 with YoY growth rate of 19% and 127.8 crores in Q4, recording a YoY growth rate of 
14%.  
Trade generics and institutional vertical continues to be robust, propelled by wider product 
portfolio as well as expansion in distribution network across our target market. Government is 
targeting to increase Jan Aushadhi Store count by 2.5x to 25,000 by end of FY26. This will 
provide added impetus to our trade generics and institutional business. This vertical achieved a 
revenue of 122.4 crores in FY24 with a YoY growth rate of 35% and 34.7 crores in Q4, recording 
a YoY growth rate of 58%. Our exports vertical demonstrated revenue of 27.4 crores in FY24 
with YoY growth rate of 38% and 8.9 Cr in Q4 recording YoY growth rate of 27%.  
In the context of overall financial performance of the Company, the revenue generated during 
FY24 amounted to 631 crores, growth of 23% YoY and for Q4 we recorded 171 crores revenue, 
a YoY gain of 22%. The EBITDA for FY24 stood at 78 crores, an uptick of 30% YoY and Q4, 
22 crores witnessing a growth of 34% YoY. The Company's PAT for FY24 amounted to 58 
crores, reflecting a YoY increase of 37% and Q4 stood at 17 crores, a YoY rise of 48%. That's 
all from our side. We can now begin the Q&A session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM Financial.  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Congrats on great set of numbers. My question is to understand, we have basically added quite 
a bit of new clients in the last couple of years visibly, this is reflecting in our growth. Interestingly 
if you look at our growth and compare it to the IPM, we had grown three times that of IPM. Now 
with the client addition as well as the injectable facility that's come on board, how do we see the 
outlook for the CDMO segment in the near term as well as in the longer term?  
Komal Gupta: 
We are experiencing a very good growth percentage for CDMO vertical. You have seen it in last 
4-5 quarters and we continue to have a positive outlook on the CDMO vertical. We do not see 
any hurdles in external or internally. So, we have a positive outlook. We do not really give a 
specific guidance, but we stay optimistic.  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: So vis-à-vis the IPM, this 3x growth should continue or you just qualitatively things are in place, 
so the growth should be good? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
I think what we are saying is that the growth is an outcome of all the steps that are being taken 
which are multi-pronged efforts in terms of developing and offering new products to clients, in 
terms of onboarding new clients, in terms of deepening the wallet share for clients that have been 
onboarded, in terms of getting more efficiency in supply chain and more reflexivity in supply 
chains. So, all of those things are the outcome of all of all parts of the Company working 
together. So, my sense is that we should continue to see this momentum and we have the results 
from last five quarters where we have been able to demonstrate that. So, no reason to think that 
anything different should happen. While all of this is being said we are again reiterating that we 
do not give guidance but the fundamental factors which are causing these results are in place 
and should continue.  
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: On the injectable side, now the facility is available to us. As the volume progresses, I am sure 
that the complexity would improve, and the margins would expand. How do we see the kind of 
traction in terms of utilization of the capacity and also if you can give some color with respect 
to now that we are seeing volume traction in all the businesses and the injectable facility is with 
us, how do we see the margins as well as we move say the next 2 to 3 years? 
Komal Gupta: 
As injectable peak capacity utilizations or optimal capacity utilizations are reached, injectables 
is a higher margin business. So that should surely add to the margin. Once we have reached the 
optimum capacity utilization level, overall EBITDA of the Company should surely grow. 
Injectables margins are expected to be high like mid-teens to late teens that is the range of 
injectables EBITDA. So that along with the oral solids 12% to 13% EBITDA, overall, Company 
margin should surely grow. That is one. In terms of capacity utilization, for oral solids we are at 
about already at 60% in the Q4. In Q4 we were at that level. From current facilities we can 
deliver up to 680 crores. We are working to have expansion in place. So, Plant 2 is being further 
expanded and from there we should be able to deliver further revenue of 120 to 125 crores. I 
would say that even beyond that the Company's target is to be ready in financial year ‘25 with a 
runway to reach 1,000 crores. So, we are very aggressively trying to have an additional facility 
in place for giving runway. We will be ready within this financial year to do all the CAPEX and 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
have the facilities ready within FY25 to be able to deliver 1,000 crores revenue. That is what we 
are looking at.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Perpetuity Ventures LLP.  
Naman Bhansali: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. My first question is on the trade generics business. So, 
what is driving the significant uptick in the trade generics during the quarter? As you mentioned, 
is it primarily driven by the push from the distributors, or it is a lot driven by the government 
order? And additionally, with what you have mentioned is 2.5 increase in the Aushadhi Store, 
what would be the current market size for us which is driving which we are for the Jan Aushadhi 
business? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Naman, so just to clarify, the trade generics and institutional business is a combination of the 
institutional tenders that we apply for and supply to and our own distributors across India which 
we are marketing and targeting the semi-urban and rural markets. The growth that we are 
witnessing is actually in all areas. We cannot say that there is only one area driving the growth. 
Both institutional and trade generics are growing. Of course, institutional between quarter to 
quarter, the tender when you receive that order and when you supply, there could be some 
quarter-to-quarter kind of variations but on annual basis this is a strong pull that we are 
experiencing. Number two, I want to also mention that while we do not provide the breakup 
between the distributor business and the institutional business, we are expanding our team, 
expanding our product portfolio and deepening our relations with our distributor network. So, 
all three of these are very important drivers for growing the business and that's why we are 
confidently pushing for this. 
Naman Bhansali:  
And in terms of any market size which this business is in India currently for the Jan Aushadhi? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Currently Jan Aushadhi stores are about 8000. So, the government is looking to go to about 
25,000 in 2 years. So that's why we are highlighting that this should become a bigger and bigger 
segment in the market.  
Naman Bhansali: 
Second question is on the injectable side and a follow up from previous participants. So, since it 
has been commercialized in the first quarter of FY25, so what are the anticipated annual costs 
for this facility? And you’ve mentioned reaching at the peak optimal utilization and how many 
years would it take to reach them?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
I think Naman, the right thing would be to evaluate both these questions at the end of this 
financial year because we are seeing a very good interest from customers on the facility, the way 
it has been created all of these things. We have an order book also in hand. We are taking stability 
batches. So anytime you take a new facility you have to generate stability data before the 
products are sold. So, against the commercial orders, we are taking stability batches and those 
are being put on stability. So as and when the stability data comes in, they will then be dispatched 
to the market. So right now, our focus is to bring as many customers and add select products for 
those customers to this facility. And slowly we are also going to use it for our trade generics 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
business. We are in parallel working on taking exhibit batches for some of our export markets 
also. So, this facility will serve all three verticals and therefore we have strong confidence that 
we will be able to make it a profitable business in injectables. But I think number wise we should 
wait until the end of this financial year to see how we have done.  
Naman Bhansali: 
And lastly what will be the CAPEX outlook annually over the next…? 
Komal Gupta: 
So, in FY25 for the Plant 2 expansion that I talked about, we expect a CAPEX of 15 to 20 crores 
and beyond that for reaching 1,000 crores, we are looking for facilities which can give us that. 
So, we do not know that CAPEX number as of now, but we expect that it should be in the range 
of 30 to 35 crores. Net-net, we want to ensure that the asset turn of the Company are maintained 
or get better at peak.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Komal how much did we spend on injectable business from a CAPEX perspective? 
Komal Gupta: 
74 crores.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly on the working capital, there's been a very sharp improvement in working capital 
this year. Largely, I think driven by obviously reduction inventory days and an increase in 
creditor days. So, how do you see the sustainability of these working capital numbers at these 
levels going forward?  
Komal Gupta: 
So, if you remember, our September working capital days were around 33 and right now we are 
at 15. So, this is the range that we expect to continue. One quarter could can be here or there but 
this is basically the range in which we should stay.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
The year end numbers is what you think probably should continue with? 
Komal Gupta: 
15 to 33, within this range we should stay is what I was saying.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Secondly on the generic business, is it fair to assume that the overall at the EBITDA level this 
is a more profitable business for us than the CDMO business?  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Yes, from a margin perspective, material margin for generics is higher because we are 
manufacturing on our own so, we have the manufacturing margin and as we are taking over, we 
are distributing also. So, there is that component too. So definitely, it is a higher material margin 
business from an EBITDA because it's allocation of the fixed cost. So, that's something that is a 
little bit this thing. But I feel that it would be correct to say that from a material margin 
perspective, definitely there is a higher margin business.  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Hitesh, when we participate in these government tenders, for example institutional 
businesses like the Jan Aushadhi business and all, still the profitability of the business is 
something which is attractive for us from our current business perspective? 
Hitesh Windlass : 
Nitin, we typically participate in only those molecules where we are also doing CDMO, where 
we are also doing trade generics. So, it becomes a synergistic thing for us and when we increase 
the volumes in those molecules, our realization becomes better. So that's the reason why we have 
clubbed the institutional business under trade generics because it is important to keep the synergy 
between the products there.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
On the trade generic business, earlier you have talked about almost 30%-35% we've delivered a 
(+35%) CAGR growth in this business over the last several years. Do we see still enough 
Runway for this business to keep continuing at these sort of growth rates for the next several 
years?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. I feel Nitin that this is really more of a blue ocean thing where the market is really huge. 
The consumption in rural and semi-urban India is increasing very significantly. The awareness 
of price is also increasing very much because people can now check online the prices of product. 
And what we find is that the branded generic model is limited because you cannot have medical 
reps covering 6 - 6.5 lakh villages. So, it is by default covered through trade generics channels 
and we believe that there is a vast area for us to grow and I believe that there is no reason to 
expect at least at this small base anything otherwise.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hitesh, on the CDMO  business; now obviously this has been at some level inflection year of 
sorts for us the way growth has really played out. So, 2-3 things, one is (a) it is obviously there 
are multiple factors at play but what would you think would be the top 2-3 factors, more clients 
or more expansion in your product portfolio? What has really driven this and how should we 
think about growth or maintaining these kind of growth rates that we have this year in the 
business?  
Komal Gupta: 
There are several factors as you are aware that we have been working for long. In addition to 
that probably this year and last year Q4 what we were able to do is also focus a little more in 
terms of execution, push, having the leadership team in place, who's then active. These are the 
additional things that played out very well for us this year and the long term things that we have 
been working on have started bearing the fruits. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
And in addition, I would like to just state Nitin, that the government's emphasis on quality is 
actually playing out, even at the time of our IPO this is what was one of our important thesis that 
as quality pressures increase on a highly fragmented industry, organized and strong players like 
Windlas should benefit. And we believe that this structural transformation in the industry should 
continue and should have ability for Windlas to therefore grow.  
Nitin Agarwal: 
But Hitesh, are you seeing on these lines’ conversations with clients where probably people are 
looking to consolidate suppliers or probably give up some more of their business to more 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
competent players like you and sort of reduce their number of supplier base? Are those kinds of 
conversations beginning to happen more often now?  
Hitesh Windlass : 
These conversations have been happening in the last couple of years in fact but it takes time for 
supply chains to change and so we see a continuation on this. Also of course, the new regulator 
has been very strict on companies who are not complying. And so, clients who are impacted 
because they have sourced from a small player who has been found non-compliant, then these 
clients they look for a solution, not just for that one product which is impacted but for their entire 
sourcing strategy. So, we think that this is an important factor and this will continue to play in 
the long run.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pawan Kumar from Ratnatraya Capital.  
Pawan Kumar: 
I wanted to understand what at peak capacity, how much of revenues can injectables generate 
and at what kind of capacity utilization would this particular facility break even? 
Komal Gupta: 
So, there is an asset turn of 1.2x of CAPEX that we are seeing at the peak capacity. That is what 
it can deliver which means around 90 crores.  
Pawan Kumar: 
And what is the kind of utilization at which this unit breaks even? I am talking about in terms of 
EBITDA.  
Komal Gupta: 
That is little. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
That really depends on the product mix and eventually many other factors. So, very hard to say 
on that. That's why we were saying that we should evaluate at the end of the year where we stand 
on this. But what we do believe is that given the higher material margin in injectable business, 
significantly higher than oral solids and higher EBITDA, also the break evens for this facility 
should also be lower from a typical oral solid.  
Pawan Kumar: 
The asset terms of 1.2x actually looks little bit on the lower side. So, I wanted to ask, is it like 
this facility is extendable in terms of capacity with some minimal CAPEX or how does that 
work?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes, we have one more floor that we have kept completely finished where machinery can be 
added and significant increase in capacity can be done.  
Pawan Kumar: 
Can we go to 2x to 3x kind of capacity Mr. Windlass?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, again it depends on the choice whether we want to just add capacity or maybe we want to 
add some more things like refill syringes or things other things like that. But yes, if we chose to 
only just go more higher capacity, we should be able to go to 2x or 2.5x. 
Pawan Kumar: 
At a minimum CAPEX, maybe only half of whatever CAPEX currently has been there? 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Yes. 
Pawan Kumar: 
And can we expect some kind of maybe some 60% kind of utilization this year on this particular 
facility or would it be acting too much?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
We are of course, pursuing all avenues to minimize the breakeven period. But we have to be also 
cognizant that this is something that we are bringing at the international standards and the sterile 
manufacturing is much more involved process.  
Komal Gupta: 
So not giving any guidance as of now in terms of injectable. But we are trying to really fill the 
facilities as soon as possible. So, we are taking stability batches as they are ready. Once stability 
is complete then the revenue should start flowing. But we are not giving in terms of numbers 
any guidance. 
Pawan Kumar: 
That's fine Komal. I just also one particular extension to that question would be like when do we 
expect the full-scale commercial production to start happening from this particular unit? 
Komal Gupta: 
Commercial production has already started. However, the batches that are being taken for this, 
so the batches that we are taking are against the orders. So, we cannot really make the sales until 
the stability of these batches is complete. That's how it works.  
Pawan Kumar: 
And how much time does it take to evaluate that? I am just trying to understand the cycle meant. 
Komal Gupta: 
It takes 3 to 6 months stability depending on the product and the customer need etc., that's how 
it should go.  
Pawan Kumar: 
And one last question. On the CAPEX side you mentioned 15 to 20 crores in FY25 and then 
some 30 to 40 crores to extend the current revenue potential to 1,000 crores. So, would this 
whole 60 crores kind of number would it be executed in next 18 months? Is that a fair 
assumption?  
Komal Gupta: 
In fact, what we are targeting to do is to complete it within this financial year. So, within FY25 
we want to complete this.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish from JM Financial Mutual Fund.  
Ashish: 
On this injectable business, at what utilization rates would this facility be EBITDA neutral? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
So again, very difficult question to say because when we measure utilization we measure it in 
number of units and different products have different profitability. The margin varies vary 
significantly depending on which product one has selected. So, you have to go with the product 
portfolio and eventually what volume comes is a function of how much you are able to focus on 
the high margin products versus some of the filler products.  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Komal Gupta: 
The facility is also comparatively new for us. So as Hitesh was saying, maybe it makes sense to 
look at the picture at the end of the financial year. We don't want to mention the numbers that… 
Ashish: 
And lastly on this 1,000 crores of revenue visibility, would it be fair to assume that in the next 2 
years you're planning to hit that number?  
Komal Gupta: 
That is something that we have refrained from doing. We are not giving guidance but you can 
see that we are trying our best to deliver good growth numbers, we stick to that.  
Ashish: 
So, this 12.5% EBITDA margins that we did in FY24, even if there is a delay in pickup in the 
injectable facility, would it be fair to assume that these EBITDA margins would be maintained 
at minimum levels?  
Komal Gupta: 
These EBITDA margins are fair for orals and solids business. Injectables how it turns out and 
how quickly we are able to pick up is something that we have to figure out.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from an individual investor.  
Sajal Kapoor: 
Excellent cash flow generation this time around, this kind of adds to our cashflow pile. My 
primary question is, is the default capital allocation would be organic brownfield- greenfield for 
this cash or it can potentially be a mix of organic and inorganic? 
Komal Gupta: 
Mixed, surely as  we just mentioned that we want to…So our strategy has been that for organic 
oral solid business is what we want to build on our own. And for other dosage forms, we would 
be interested to do acquisitions other than injectables that we have now already put in place. So, 
we want to make injectables work. We want to keep avenue ready for growing oral solids and 
we want to acquire any other dosage forms facility and if possible, business that might be 
available for using this cash.  
Sajal Kapoor: 
I would like to appreciate the management team for not giving any concrete guidance, not only 
on just this call even the previous ones. We have refrained from giving any concrete guidance. 
I think that's a great practice in a random and volatile world where outcome is very uncertain, so 
many moving parts. So, I really appreciate you guys sticking to not giving any concrete guidance 
because it helps ultimately manage our own expectations. Thank you for that. I have no other 
questions.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nimish Mehta from Research Delta Advisors.  
Nimish Mehta: 
Just one question. I am little confused about the performance of the injectable facility. You said 
we are at an optimum level of capacity utilization and still not breaking even. So how do I take 
this because if we are at optimum level, isn't breakeven then not possible at all? How do you 
look at it? 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Hitesh Windlass: 
I think there is some misunderstanding. Let me clarify. We commissioned this facility in the last 
week of March. That is when we took our first commercial batch and as a new business, we are 
required by the quality guidelines to any product that we manufacture, we have to hold those 
batches for a few months in stability testing and then release to market. So, while we have 
received orders and we are taking commercial batches already, these batches will be sold after 
the stability data is in. We were asked questions on this call about what is the optimum capacity 
and we did not provide a numerical answer. That doesn't mean that we are uncertain. So just 
wanted to clarify that.  
Nimish Mehta: 
Are we at a stage where the revenue from this facility is yet not been booked at all because we 
are at the stability testing stage? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
That is correct. The revenue shall be booked as the products are released after the stability data 
is corrected.  
Nimish Mehta: 
And when you allude it to being at an optimum level, you meant about the stability testing? I 
mean that means given the stability testing number of products you are at an optimum is that 
how we should look at it?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
No, we were asked that what percentage utilization will lead to breakeven. And that's what we 
decided. We said that optimum utilization is definitely known by us but we are not sharing.  
Nimish Mehta: 
So, the capacity is not at an optimum utilization as of now, right?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
Of course, one month ago the facility has started. How can we reach an optimum utilization in 
one month? 
Nimish Mehta: 
One more question if I may. Just to understand the broader way the market is behaving. So, you 
have obviously added in terms of the number of clients, have we also added the revenue per 
product which means that there is no deepening as well? 
Komal Gupta: 
You mean client wise how much revenue has been added, is that your question?  
Nimish Mehta: 
Yes, so per client the revenue, has it gone up also significantly to add to the overall growth or it 
is more from new clients only? How do we rank order the growth between new clients and…? 
Komal Gupta: 
So, we continue to work on adding new customers, so that revenue of course keeps on coming 
in. We also work on introduction of new products which we then pitch to the existing as well as 
new customers and we also add more products to the existing customers. So, it is the leeway 
growth comes from organically. 
Hitesh Windlass: 
And initially when a client is added or onboarded, they typically  will not give a lot of SKUs to 
any manufacturer. They will see the deliveries, they will see the quality, they will see the 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
sustained performance and then SKUs are added. So, the deepening is the second step which we 
continue to do with almost all clients. That is the way we want to definitely grow.  
Nimish Mehta: 
Can you help us rank order? Let's say the growth that we achieved this year, the highest would 
because of new clients or new products or how do we, just some ballpark relative understanding 
of where is the growth hike, maximum growth coming from?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
I think that if I see, on the CDMO segment there has been a growth in volume with existing 
business from existing clients has grown. We have also seen a mix effect where more sales have 
happened on some products which contributed higher unit revenue and finally the number of 
new products added over the year to both existing and new clients has also been a significant 
contributor. That has been actually the largest contributor. So which is why I was highlighting 
that structurally customers are looking to source from organized and higher quality players like 
Windlas and we see that happening in the industry.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital.  
Ankit Gupta: 
Congratulations for great set of numbers. One thing I wanted to understand about the margins 
of our existing business. Even if we don't include the injectable business which is a relatively 
higher margin compared to ours. Is the role of operating leverage which can play out in our 
business as well as compared to our peers Innova Captab our employee cost is in much higher, 
as a percentage of sales we are around 14% while they are around 6%-7%, almost double is our 
employee 
costs 
as 
a 
percentage 
of 
sales. 
So  in our base business, how do you think  we see this operating leverage playing out when we 
scale up all the three businesses plus how do you see this employee cost as percentage of sales 
going forward over the next 2-3 years?  
Komal Gupta: 
We cannot really comment on the comparison versus competitors. However, what we have been, 
the money that we spend on employees is what we consider as an investment as a strategy we 
expect. So, we have brought ESOP schemes, two ESOP schemes we have in place. We also have 
a variable model of extra incentive limit on achievement of various growth percentages for the 
critical employees. So, these are the things which we think have been instrumental in bringing 
the kind of growth for us and is also instrumental in delivering the kind of profitability growth 
as well. So, we want to continue to do that. We are not saying operating leverage surely, we 
expect that to come. You must have seen that as compared to last 2 years, our EBITDA margins 
have improved and we expect to maintain or get better in terms of EBITDA margin. That given 
we are not saying that we are specifically targeting employee cost to be reduced. Having said 
that the benefit of operating leverage should come in because at top like leadership building is 
what also we have been working on. So, with that some operating leverage definitely kicking.  
Hitesh Windlass: 
And just to add to what Komal said, I think when you look at these ratios of employee costs, we 
also have to be a little bit mindful of what product segments the Company is operating in. So, 
for example if antibiotics have much lower gross margin and so that can lead to a higher base 
and therefore you would see percentage implied cost to be a lower number. We are not present 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
in antibiotics. So, that most of our therapeutic area focuses on diabetes, cardiovascular and 
gastroenterology and so these spaces are chronic, sub-chronic kind of spaces. So, the ratios will 
not directly compare to the extent that the therapeutic area focus differs between different 
companies.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubh Jain from Emerge Capital.  
Shubh Jain: 
Congratulation on a very good set of numbers. Just one question, any particular reason why a 
complex generic as a percentage of revenue has fallen from 76% to 64% on a year-on-year basis?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
No, not really Mr. Ashok. These are sort of outcome metrics. So, they are basically being totaled 
across three business verticals. They are being totaled across a huge number of customers and 
huge number of brands. So, there's been no specific push from our side, or we don't even read a 
trend in here.  
Komal Gupta: 
So typically, maybe when a new client is added, they start off with playing single ingredient 
products and then move on to complex. Since there has been a lot of addition of new customers, 
probably it might be the impact of that. With existing customers, we do not see really complex 
generics percentage going down. 
Shubh Jain: 
But our margins are of course higher in complex generics as compared to conventional, right?  
Hitesh Windlass: 
So, we have a cost-plus model right. That's in the CDMO space almost all players work on a 
cost-plus model. So, whether it is a complex generic or whether it is a simple product, it is our 
margins tend to be in a similar range. What does change is the customers stickiness as well as 
customers interest because when you are able to deliver some of the complex products then you 
are that much more engaging with the customer at a deeper level and that engagement leads to 
new business coming your way and so on and so forth.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rishi Kothari from Pi Square Investments.  
Rishi Kothari: 
Most of the questions are asked by the participants but just wanted to get some guidelines on the 
order book size that we have for next 2 to 3 years. Is there any figure that you would like to tell? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
No, we are not really giving any guidance on our order book side visibility. It changes very much 
across our customer base because multinationals have annual sort of a projection. Large Indian 
corporates work on quarterly and some of the smaller companies work on much smaller 
visibility. So as such we are not giving out that information. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dutt from Burman Capital.  
Nitesh Dutt: 
My question was regarding the tightening of Schedule M norms which we had discussed in 
earlier calls I believe. So, the government's notification, the directive by the government for all 
the manufacturing units to come under schedule and by January of next year I believe. What is 

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
the cost of compliance for some of the mid to small sized manufacturers which had not been 
compliant earlier? So, the cost of converting the facilities and then the ongoing operation cost, 
if you can just give some color on that? 
Hitesh Windlass: 
The new Schedule M has been published I think almost 3 years ago, and it was made effective 
and now being enforced. The larger companies have to comply sooner, and the smaller SME 
guys have been given a little bit more time. But everybody has to comply. The regulators have 
done a lot of inspections and we see in the news also many units have been shut down because 
they were found non-compliant in critical perspectives. So why a unit becomes non-compliant 
with respect to Schedule M? There are broadly three factors. One is infrastructure. If you do not 
have the right facility design the heat ventilation, air conditioning system HVAC system, the 
water system, all of these are very critical and the new Schedule M has increased the bar in terms 
of what validation are needed in infrastructure. The second is actually practices. So, what kind 
of SOPs are followed, what kind of trained manpower is deployed, what kind of controls there 
are and this is again something that is both a capability challenge as well as a cost challenge for 
smaller companies because how do you bring in the right practices without hiring the right kind 
of people at the right cost. The third area where the cost or the challenge comes in is in 
maintaining. Once the standards are set up and the practices are put in, how do you actually 
maintain day after day the same level of quality for every product that comes out. So, you have 
to have then a very strong quality assurance function, a very strong quality control function and 
for Windlas, we are almost one in three employees is a quality employee. And we are already 
compliant to all Schedule M. Our customers have already audited us and verified these 
compliances for all four of our plants. And now even for the new injectable plant we are 
compliant with the new Schedule M. We have been audited by the state authorities as well as 
the regional authorities and that's how we have received the license for the injectable also. So, 
while we continue to lead, make sure that quality is a parameter basis which our customers have 
a peace of mind when they're working with us. They don't have to run about and hunt us down 
to enforce improvements in quality. That is why we believe is it's a challenge for smaller 
companies to improve both infrastructure, talent as well as practices. I hope I have answered 
your question.  
Nitesh Dutt: 
Yes, pretty much. Thank you for that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Palak from MIV Investment Management.  
Palak: 
My first question is regarding the capacity utilization. So, 64% was for the entire year or you 
were mentioning for Q4? 
Komal Gupta: 
You are referring the debt for capacity numbers that you are mentioning? 
 Palak: 
No, so capacity utilization for FY24 was 64%? 
Komal Gupta: 
They were around 60% for the Quarter 4. I will just answer, so for the year capacity utilizations 
for tablet and capsules was around 60% and pouch, sachet, liquid a little lower than that.  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Palak: 
And our existing facility, so what will be the peak revenue from our existing facility before we 
commence our plant to expansion?  
Komal Gupta: 
So, from current plan we can deliver up to around 680 crores or a little bit higher than that.  
Palak: 
And the plant expansion, so we'll be starting the CAPEX now, so will that be available in that 
H2?  
Komal Gupta: 
CAPEX for the plant expansion has already started. We expect that part to be ready in Q3.  
Palak: 
So, from Q3 we'll start the commercial production from the plant expansion, is that correct?  
Komal Gupta: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Yogya Capital.  
Chirag Jain: 
Congrats on great set of numbers. I had just one question. The PPT mentions that we own some 
IP of 99% of the brands that we sell. Why we are at 11%-12% of margins? That's what I was not 
able to reconcile.  
Hitesh Windlass: 
The reason you're asking when you have intellectual property then why isn't the margin higher, 
right?  
Chirag Jain: 
Yes.  
Hitesh Windlass: 
I think the primary reason is that it is because the CDMO space, it is a cost-plus business. So, 
we work with the transparent and open cost sheets with our customers. So, what that does is, it 
allows us to even like if you have seen during the COVID and just tail end of COVID, there was 
a huge supply chain problem. The price increases for Metformin, Paracetamol, they went to 3x 
of those prices. But we could hold the same steady margins within the range of 11% to 12.5%. 
And that is where most of the industry in CDMO even though the product belongs to us, the 
regulatory permission belongs to us, the dossier is ours, the data is ours because we work on a 
transparent, we pass on the savings and also if there is a higher increase we also pass on that to 
our customers. That's why the IP is not resulting in a much higher real-life margin. 
Komal Gupta: 
And the IP is of generic formulation . They are not really… 
Hitesh Windlass: 
Patent formulation.  
Chirag Jain: 
Second question was on the formulation CDMO side. So, we have been expanding our revenue 
from newer clients. But if I see your top 10 clients, the absolute amount of revenue of top 10 
client is constant. Even though we have been able to capture more products from the older client. 
So, what is the reason behind that? Can you give some color on that?  

 
Windlas Biotech Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Komal Gupta: 
So, what we have been consistently trying to do is develop new customers and increase the 
revenue from the customers which have been with us for long. But the overall they were not part 
of top 10. So, what we have consistently worked on is the growth might not have necessarily 
come from the exact same top 10 customers. The top 10 customers revenue, customers might be 
different in the different periods. That is how in terms of math it's looking like the same revenue. 
However, there might be the customers who have developed who have more revenue.  
Hitesh Windlass: 
We are basically saying that in the top 10 this year there are one or two or three new names. We 
don't give out those new names but the composition of those top 10 clients is differing. So while 
we are capturing the concentration through this metric, we are developing new customers 
bringing them up and developing them into long term clients.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That was the last question for today. On behalf of Windlas 
Biotech Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
