 
 
UFLEX/SEC/2024/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 5, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject   : 
Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 30th May, 2024 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on 
Thursday, 30th May, 2024. The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at  
https://www.uflexltd.com/pdf/QER/2023-24/UFlex_Q4FY24_Transcript.pdf 
 
Request you to take on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(Ritesh Chaudhry) 
Sr. Vice President - Secretarial &  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Encl: As above
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/l, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Code :  UFLEX 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationships Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building,  P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  Fort,   
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code :  500148 
RITESH 
CHAUDHRY
Digitally signed by RITESH 
CHAUDHRY 
Date: 2024.06.05 15:43:36 
+05'30'

 
UFLEX LIMITED 
 
Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024, 04:00 P.M. IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJESH BHATIA – GROUP PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, UFLEX LIMITED 
MR. SURAJIT PAL – VICE PRESIDENT, HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
UFLEX LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
HOST:                            MR. SACHIN BOBADE – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS  
 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 2 | 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the UFlex Limited Q4 FY '24 Results 
Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Sachin Bobade from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Sachin Bobade: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome 
you all to the Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of UFlex Limited. Hope you all and 
your family members are staying safe and healthy. From the management side, we 
have with us Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, Group President of Finance and Accounts and Chief 
Financial Officer and Mr. Surajit Pal, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
 
Now I hand the floor to the management for their opening remarks and then we 
would have question and answer session. Over to you, sir. 
Surajit Pal: 
Thank you Sachin. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us 
today for the Q4 and FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call of UFlex Limited. We will start 
with a brief statement from Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, Group President and CFO. Following 
which we will open the forum for the interactive question and answer session. 
 
Before we begin this call, I would like to quickly remind everybody that anything that 
we say during this call that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-looking 
statement that must be taken in the context of the risks that we face. With this, I 
would now request Mr. Rajesh Bhatia, Group CFO to make his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
 
 
 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 3 | 19 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thank you. Thank you Surajit. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome all of you to the 
UFlex Q4 and Fiscal Year '24 Earnings Conference Call. I hope that you all had a chance 
to look at our earnings and the presentation we shared. I'll start by outlining some of 
the key highlights of the quarter. 
 
In hindsight, I think this is quite a positive performance in this quarter. We've seen 
about 8% volume growth, led by higher volumes across all our business segments. 
We have seen improvement in revenue and EBITDA. I'll call it adjusted EBITDA 
because there is a lot of elements in Q4 as well as in FY '24 on account of the currency 
fluctuation and all. So I think we'll have to keep that aside and look at operational 
EBITDA. 
 
So this quarter, revenue growth was driven by the strong sales performance, growth 
in sales as well as the margins and which is in both categories, films as well as 
packaging business. Our revenues for the quarter grew by about 4.5% on a Q-o-Q 
basis to close to about INR3,497 crores and 3% year-on-year basis. And the volumes 
grew by 10.5% year-on-year and 6.8% quarter-on-quarter to about 157,850 MTPA. 
 
The film business grew by 13.7% year-on-year on volumes and 6.3% quarter-on-
quarter. Our value-added packaging business, including flexible packaging, liquid 
packaging, holographic witnessed a volume growth of 8.7% quarter-on-quarter and 
1.5% on a year-on-year basis. The profitability improved about 6.9% on a quarter-to-
quarter basis and 6.3% on a year-on-year basis, and EBITDA margins also improved 
slightly.  
For the quarter, we had an EBITDA margin of 13% and EBITDA -- normalized EBITDA 
of about INR455 crores. Last quarter, we had an EBITDA of INR426 crores.  
The domestic packaging film market still remains subdued in terms of the pricing. The 
volumes are good, but the overcapacity has led to erosion of the selling prices as well 
as the margin.  
And even internationally, because of the excess capacity in India, there is an impact 
because -- so while there was already an impact of the Europe reeling under the 
aftermath of the Ukraine war energy prices going up. But the increased competition 
from India is also added to the pressure on the realizations over there. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 4 | 19 
 
 
The businesses in terms of volumes are coming back, as I had said last time also, and 
Q4 be a testimony to that. But still, I would say that pressure on the realization and 
margins is still prevalent over there. And hopefully, with the rural demand now 
picking up as we saw at the fag end of Q4 '24. There will be a possibility of the volume 
growth, both in packaging film and flexible packaging and aseptic packaging as we 
enter into FY '25. 
 
As we go into FY '25, one of the very important milestone for us is that we've also 
developed a machine in the liquid packaging, which can do about 25,000 packs per 
hour, Earlier, we had a machine which could do only 10,000 packs an hour, filled only 
about 10,000 cartons an hour. But now this machine we are also, Drupa which is 
currently going on in Germany, we've also demonstrated there.  
So this will further lead to as we are going to have a higher capacity of our aseptic 
packaging division later this year. I think this machine will further augment our 
volumes much from 7 billion to 12 billion packs much faster given its speed. And 
because the competition already had a machine which could do a much higher 
number than 10,000 cartons per hour. So we've also now successfully launched our 
higher capacity machine for catering to the aseptic packaging customers. 
 
Overall, if we see the businesses in U.S., that is North America as well as in Mexico 
market, I think the Q4 was very good in terms of the volume increase. Overall basis, I 
think we gained significantly in these two territories. It's not only that these 
territories could be self-sufficient with their own production capabilities, but they 
also had to import for -- to meet the increasing demand of packaging films in the 
North America market which was done by exporting the material from India, from 
Nigeria and occasionally from other facilities also. 
 
So clearly, U.S. market size that we have captured is way beyond our manufacturing 
capability in that region. And so this is supporting our other investments made in 
India and Nigeria, which would have otherwise given the demand/supply mismatch 
in India that comes very handy in terms of keeping your plant operations at a much 
higher level. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 5 | 19 
 
 
Europe is also positive. In Europe, the production volumes in Poland and Hungary 
surged in Q4. Poland went up by close to about 17%. And Hungary was about 60% on 
a year-on-year basis. No doubt that the Red Sea crises has also helped us to get the 
volumes and the margins, some higher margins this quarter.  
And again, because of the Red Sea you have the consumer worried about the higher 
freight costs, higher or longer time it takes for the consignment to reach from India 
or elsewhere into Europe and America. So, I think that all is helping the local product 
producers to gain volumes as well as to have higher prices. 
 
As I had told earlier that in Europe, we had a new contract for power purchase in 
Hungary as well as in Poland from 1st of January. So Q4, we have been able to reduce 
our power costs in these 2 territories. And the impact could be as much as 40% versus 
what was prevailing before this new contract came into deal. And this will take care 
of us in FY '25 as well. And beyond that, whatever is the market conditions, we do 
further power purchase based on that. 
 
In terms of Africa business, the Nigeria also expanded capacity utilization is about 
67% in Q4. And we have captured a very large, more than 50% of market there. I think 
gradually, we have a higher -- much higher market share given that. As I had said that 
there was an additional duty imposed by virtue of which the imports had become 
costlier, and Nigeria has also seen a huge volatility in the currency.  
So, the domestic buyers obviously are preferring to buy locally than to import 
because they can order just in time rather than at least a 90 days window for them 
to between ordering as well as receiving the material. And the way the currency is 
behaving over there, I think there is going to be a much higher market share that we 
will capture in that market in the quarters to come. 
 
Again, in this quarter, we were again hit by the currency devaluation in Nigeria and 
Egypt. Egypt devalued currency from about 31 levels to about 48 levels, which led to 
about 49% of currency devaluation. And we had to have a currency devaluation 
impact of about INR177 crores this quarter. Egypt had also devalued its currency in 
March of 2023 also and which had led to a devaluation impact of INR150 crores. And 
this year, again, in this quarter, we're having a INR177 crores of impact. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 6 | 19 
 
 
Nigeria continues to devalue for the whole of FY '24, we have been devaluing. So last 
quarter, again, they devalue from something -- somewhere around 900 to about 
1,300 levels, which led to overall in the financial year '24, their devaluation has been 
about 183%. And the overall devaluation on account of this is about INR871 crores 
what we had to take in the whole of the year. 
 
During the year, we have set up new capacities. We've completed our PCR chips plant 
in Egypt, which has an installed capacity of 18,000 tons per annum. That was done in 
January. We have also, on 31st of March, commenced the Panipat PET Chips resin 
facility. And later in the year, we'll also commissioned our same plant in Egypt as well. 
I think by the end of Q3. And we will commission CPP plant in Russia which has an 
installed capacity of 18,000 tons. And later in the year we'll also commission our CPP 
facility in Mexico as well later in the year. 
 
So in the current year, I think we're looking at completing our PET Chips resin facility 
in Egypt. Our CPP films plat in Mexico and our effective bottlenecking, which takes 
the production capability from 7 billion packs to about 12 billion packs a year. 
Notably, in the current year, we have -- our sales volume in the aseptic packaging 
have been about 7.4 billion packs a year which is more than our rated capacity of 7 
billion packs.  
So in that business, we continue to be impacted by the capacity constraints, so which 
in the next season, which begins from -- think we will be all up and running with a 
higher capacity and look to better throughput from that business, which will give us 
additional revenue as well as the profitability. On the debt basis, as we had said 
guided earlier that the net debt will remain around INR5,500 crores.  
The net debt as on 31st of March is about INR5,569 crores. The projects that we have 
commissioned already in Q4 as well as the projects that we're commissioning in FY 
'25, I think we're very confident that these projects will give us an additional turnover, 
anything between INR2,000 to INR2,500 crores in the FY '25. And the margins also -- 
even if we take the margins in the current range for the various businesses. So 
obviously, they'll add to the margins as well. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 7 | 19 
 
 
In India, in the last few days, there has been a positive impact in the bottom film 
prices. And we've seen about a 9% to 10% price increase across the industry, which 
will not only help the domestic markets, but will also help the overseas markets as 
pressure of exports from India to Europe and America will go down to a certain 
extent. Because if your domestic prices are okay, the urge to export and the delays 
and the higher working capital involvement in exporting is taken care of.  
So we're expecting better prices in the PET and in the BOPET industry in the FY '25. 
And I think that would have a significant impact on our profitability in FY '25. But 
coupled with the additional revenues and the profitability coming from some of the 
new projects that we've commissioned in FY '24 and commissioned in FY '25. I think 
we can then look at, at least, 15% top line growth and also EBITDA. 
 
And at the PAT level, because of the additional impact of depreciation and interest, 
there will be -- we'll have to figure that out. But definitely at an EBITDA level in the 
contribution. And if you look at this quarter at an operational EBITDA of INR455 crores 
and last quarter, EBITDA of INR426 crores. So if we annualize these 2 numbers, so we 
are looking at about INR1,800 crores of EBITDA from these business from the existing 
setup plus the new investments, which came into being in Q4 and will be effective in 
next year. 
 
The top line numbers going up by at least 15% and incremental EBITDA. So, I think we 
should look at overall EBITDA in the range of INR2,000 crores plus in the next financial 
year for sure. And anything which helps us get the better pricing on the packaging 
film side, I think, that will be an add on profitability that we at least hope that will 
come our way. So, I think Q4 sets a tone for FY '25, which is extremely, extremely 
positive note, both on the volume and the revenue side. 
 
Yes, the margins will also sort of start getting improved with the improved volumes 
and improved revenues for sure. And as I said that in India, we've already seen about 
a 9% to 10% price hike for the BOPET sales in the recent past. And hopefully, that will 
get mirrored in the international markets as well. And with the better volumes with 
the cost coming down per unit because of the better volumes, I think we are sure that 
FY '25, the overall financial performance will improve substantially as compared to FY 
'24, what we have. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 8 | 19 
 
 
Thank you, gentlemen. That's what I had to say about the performance for this 
quarter. And I'm happy to answer any information requirements or any further 
clarifications you may want to seek. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Fund. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Sir just a couple of questions from my end. First, what is the peak sales volume that 
we can expect on full ramp up of our overseas plants because we have seen more 
than 100% capacity utilization in some of the plants in the past as well as right now, 
Hungary also has the PPT running at more than 100%. So peak sales volume, what 
should be for the overseas plants? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think what we can look at is the better volumes coming from our plants in Nigeria, 
there is definitely scope. Then we have scope in Mexico, India. I would say that. So 
Mexico, we did about 54,000 tons. We can do about 62,000 tons, so 8,000 tons can 
come from there. Egypt, PET side, I think we are fine.  
In Poland, we can do about another 15,000-odd tons a year at the full -- taking the 
full capacity. U.S. and Russia are operating at full capacity. Hungary, we can do about 
another 10,000 tons a year. And Nigeria, we can do about another 15,000 tons a year. 
So 15,000 tons in Nigeria another 11,000 tons in Hungary. Russia is all booked. U.S. in 
all booked. Poland, we can do about another 15,000 tons. Egypt we can do about 
another 10,000 tons. Mexico, as I said, we can do about 8,000 tons more.  
Dubai is fine. India is we can do about another 15,000 tons. So total 74,000 tons we 
can do more, which means that what we did in FY '24 was 4,668 which is about 15% 
more output from the existing capacity. Is that what we.. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. And this does not include the CPP line of Russia? And you also mentioned... 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So they just come up. So those volumes will be on top of this. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Right. So one CPP line in Russia, you also mentioned one more CPP line, right, which 
we're expecting in the -- So that is in which region? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
That will be end of Q2 somewhere. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 9 | 19 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Q2 of FY '25. And that is expected in which region, like where are we setting up that 
line? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Mexico, I said. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. So 36,000 will be incremental or is it over and above the 74,000 breakup that 
you just gave? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Correct. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Understood. And any timelines that you can give especially on the Nigeria ramp 
up 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Nigeria I think in about a quarter's time because U.S. market continues to give us 
additional volumes. So those volumes, given that they have a capacity bottleneck 
today of 60,000 tons of capacity in Mexico and another 26,000 tons capacity in -- 
sorry, 30,000 tons capacity in U.S. So total capacity in that region is about 90,000 tons. 
And if we are doing on a consistent basis, 120,000 tons in that market, could be more 
also, we are looking at retargeting about 140,000-odd tons over there. So that deficit 
will have to be supplemented by Nigeria, India and maybe Egypt. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Understood. And any time lines that you can give? Nigeria you were saying in 
a quarter's time. So by end of quarter 2, are you suggestion by end of quarter 2 we 
should be at full utilization in Nigeria? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
About, we're targeting from 67% to about 85% because there are some constraints 
as well. So, looking at those constraints, about 85%-odd or so is what we targeted. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. And for the overall volumes, like 74,000 plus 36,000. So for this overall peak 
utilization like can you give some time lines, whether it is end of FY '25 or by when do 
you see this will ramp up? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
See, I think the only question which, to my mind, is today, one is the India prices 
where I see that from the peak, we are utilizing less capacity with the prices are not 
remunerated. So some of our old facilities where the costs are high, there is no point 
in operating that. And so we're running at a lower capacity than what we have. 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 10 | 19 
 
 
So I think India will depend on the pricing. And Poland is dependent on the demand 
of the PET in the European markets, which has gone up in this quarter. So, if you see 
Q4 for Poland on a quarter-on-quarter basis is also up 27%. So versus the last quarter, 
the Poland production is up by about 27%. So it needs to go up again on the full year 
basis, we were down by about 20% in Poland vis-à-vis FY '23. 
So there is still a substantial headroom there to take the numbers up. I think the 
pricing improvement in India and the European demand coming back are the 2 factors 
that will play out there. So I'll keep a tentative guess that we can probably achieve 
that by Q3 or Q4. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Understood. Now coming to the even substantial power cost savings that you 
mentioned because of the renewable energy tie up in Dharwad. So can you quantify 
what was the savings in FY '24? And on an annual basis, how much overall power cost 
savings can you expect to achieve? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we can expect to achieve above about 50% of the costs -- sorry, 40% of the 
savings we can expect over our power costs in Dharwad. So Dharwad on an overall 
basis, we can look at about INR 35-odd crores savings, maybe a little INR 35 crores, 
INR40 crores annual savings in the power cost. 
Chirag Singhal: 
INR 35-40 crores annual savings. And they should start reflecting from the current 
fiscal? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. So the power supply hasn't started. We are expecting that somewhere in the 
month of June, it will start. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, my third question is on the capex guidance and estimated net debt. 
So what are you guiding in terms of capex and estimated net debt for the current 
fiscal? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think we'll take that in the next fiscal. Let's first complete some of these projects. I 
think we are at net-net of about INR5,500-odd crores. We have scheduled repayment 
aggregating to about INR1,000 crores in this year, plus the new debt coming from 
some of the investments which are under way. But on an overall basis, I think the net 
debt level should be about INR 6,000-odd crores. But I'd like to answer this more in a 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 11 | 19 
 
much better way in the next quarter. But I think on a net debt basis, we'll be about 
INR6,000-odd crores. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. And capex guidance? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Capex guidance, I'll give it to you in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets Private 
Limited. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Will this year see the end of all capex? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think largely you are right, yes. But as you reach towards the end of your capacities, 
you don't want to give away your market sort of share. And as we said that the films 
business as of now is there is no expansion plan. There's nothing big that is really 
planned. But once the markets come back, you always look to ensure that you are 
sort of dependent on those. You don't lose your market share in those markets. 
Like I said, that today, what we are doing is we are transporting a lot of material from 
India and Africa into U.S. markets where we have a deficit position. Now this deficit 
position, of course, we don't have anything which is likely at any approval level and 
all that. But these being a business person, it's that production there is 90,000 and I 
can sell their 140,000 tons a year. I think on a long-term sustainable basis, it will be 
possible for us to keep on meeting that demand from a far-flung area. 
 
So obviously, as and when those far-flung areas are able to sell in their preferred 
markets first, because we didn't make those plants in India or Nigeria to sell to U.S. 
markets. We made these plants there to sell to the local markets and the surrounding 
African countries as well. Now just because there is a sort of demand which is 
impacted elsewhere. We have this situation where U.S. is being fed from other 
sources.  
But at some point in time, I can't say maybe a year later, maybe 2 years later, they 
will be definitely a case for the ramping up the capacity there so that you can meet 
that demand locally. And all these things again the freight plays a very major role in 
some of all these. Now all of a sudden -- the freight rate like we were taking a lot of 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 12 | 19 
 
materials in Nigeria from China. Now in the last 1 month, the freight rates have tripled 
from China to Nigeria. 
 
So end of the day while you can live with this small consumption here and there. But 
if they are on a consistent basis, then you look to ensure that you derisk your business 
to the extent possible. Now obviously, if Nigeria is getting its material at a much 
higher price. So it will have to sell to the U.S. at a higher cost as well. But the U.S. 
market may not be able to afford those costs just because the freight rates from China 
to Nigeria have sort of gone up. 
 
So as I said that while these adjustments are possible with a player like us who is a 
global player, multi-country presence and all that, you can do all that optimization. 
But in the long run, the endeavour is to serve -- our motto has always been to serve 
the local market. Otherwise, like many others, we would have also set up capacities 
in India to serve European or American market from here and which many companies 
do, obviously they do. 
But their risk to that business are much more than our risk in terms of the logistics 
challenges, in terms of the freight to those markets, in terms of the working capital 
deployment to those markets because it takes at least 90-day cycle to get the material 
over there and then you sell on the credit.  
So the credit can go up to 140 days, 150 days in some of those markets. So our 
business model has been pretty stable, produce locally, sell locally and in the 
adjoining areas. So wherever these opportunities are there like it's there in the 
American market, North America markets now. As and when the situation will 
improve in India, in Nigeria and all that I think there is a merit in terms of considering 
an investment in that region. I hope I'm clear. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Yes that’s clear.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Singhal from First Water Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So on the Asepto what is your expected time line to commission and then after what 
is the time line that we're looking at to ramp up to 12 billion packs? 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 13 | 19 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So 12 billion ramp-up will happen somewhere in September or October at the latest. 
But by the time it happens, then it does not impact you much. You can stabilize 
because your season starts in January. So by January, if we are up and running at 12 
billion packs a year, which we're going to ensure that, that happens. So for the next 
season also, in FY '25, we'll have one quarter where we'll get the higher number.  
Now whether we our team is able to sell today, this year, they've sold 7.5 billion 
packs. Yes, they had a capacity bottleneck because of which they probably wouldn't 
have -- couldn't accept more orders than that. And next year, I think depending on 
the market, from our side, we'll love to -- in the first quarter itself, we'll have to go 
from 7.5 billion to 12 billion, but it might take the season more to reach that level. All 
depends on the market demand.  
We developed substantial export markets. Even this year we exported about 40% of 
the output from India plant into the global markets. So it's about 60% is what we sell 
locally and about 40% is what we export. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So is there any margin difference between the exports and domestic sales? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Largely, it's the same. Sometimes because of the freight it may vary to an extent, but 
largely it evens out. 1% or 2% here and there some time export is better or sometimes 
local is better. I think it depends on the market dynamics at a point in time. 
Chirag Singhal: 
And on the EBITDA margin like what were the margins for Asepto in FY '24? And what 
are you guiding for the current fiscal? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Asepto will always remain 20% plus margin business. It’s currently 20% plus and it will 
remain at 20% plus. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Understood. Coming to the forex loss. So whatever forex loss we have reported in FY 
'24. So how much of that was cash loss and how much of it was notional loss? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So I think I would say a very large part of it -- see, in Nigeria, if you may -- in India, if 
you make your balance sheet, you make it in rupees. So in Nigeria, like if you make 
your balance sheet in local currency in Naira, it's a healthy balance sheet. But the 
moment you convert from Naira to dollar and then from dollar to INR.  

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 14 | 19 
 
So between these two currencies whatever is the translation is said that is what it is, 
it is showing here. I think a very small part is what can be attributed to be as the -- 
because when you are converting, you are not only converting the year-end assets 
and liabilities, you are also converting your average sales for the year, your average 
purchases for the year and all that. So all that is only notional because the 
transactions have happened in the local currencies. So I think very insignificant 
portion is a cash one. And most of it is in the nature of the translation loss. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Got it. And a couple of clarifications. So you mentioned additional revenues of INR 
2,000 crores to INR 2,500 crores from the existing facilities as well as the new 
commissioning in FY '25. So this is at the consol. level or you're just talking about 
overseas? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Sorry it is at a consol. level. 
Chirag Singhal: 
This is consol. level. Okay. And you also mentioned about some power contracts that 
have gotten renewed with the effect of 1st of Jan in Poland and Hungary. So based 
on that you are saying that the power cost has reduced by roughly 40%. Did I get that 
correctly? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes you're right. 
Chirag Singhal: 
So what is the tenure of these agreements and how does it work? Are these like fixed 
power cost contracts or how does it work? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So it's a mixture of both. There are certain things which are on spot basis and there 
are certain things if we hedge on a quarter basis or two quarters. So I think FY '25 
we'll be through with this contract. And then next year we'll have to again look at 
these. But if we see the trend in Europe now, I think the power prices are now stable. 
So whatever we saw huge fluctuations immediately after the Russia, Ukraine war, but 
thereafter now everything is stable. And in respect of that period also we got some 
help sort of from the government in the current financial year already. 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. That would be it from my end.  

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 15 | 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital 
Markets Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Do you see any opportunity opening up on the EPR that is extended producer 
responsibility part of it? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think while EPR is now mandatory, the effectiveness of this and how the seriousness 
comes into play and how it is implemented I think remains to be seen. There was a 
speculation earlier also that you have to burn -- the burning of all this in the cement 
plant boiler was allowed and everybody misuse that and it was only happening on 
the paper and nothing actually was moving to those locations and all that.  
I hope that the sector norms in terms of recyclability are put into place and they are 
sort of monitored also accordingly. Only then obviously the policy has all the right 
intentions in terms of creating more circularity. It is possible to do that. We have 
demonstrated by putting up our own recycling facilities. The purpose is to sort of not 
actually look at that as a business, but more as a showcasing to the world that this 
mechanical recycling is possible.  
And that's what the EPR -- new EPR policy of the government also promotes the 
recycling. The biodegradability is also provided in that policy, but that might take 
slightly more time, but as I said that the intent about the policy -- behind the policy is 
good. The implementation is the key, and it starts with a certain percentage to begin 
this and going up much higher in the later years. So let's hope that how this pans out.  
In anticipation of that and in anticipation of the fact that there is a demand around 
the world that the  recycled material has to be used, that is where we have set up the 
PCR plants in Mexico. India, we had set up a small plant a few years ago, which had a 
capacity of about 9,600-odd tons. And in Mexico and Egypt now we have plants which 
have capacity of 15,000 tons and 18,000 tons. So we are all expecting that with the 
regulations coming in and with the conscious level and the consumer asking for 
recycled materials. These investments will give us the substantial inroad into the 
recycled PET markets. 
 
Of course, the BOPP recycling is still not on the end mill. But through MLP recycling is 
only that is possible, which we are today doing in our Jammu plant, in our Noida plant 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 16 | 19 
 
and globally in our Poland plant as well as in the Mexican plant. So we're trying to do 
this on our part by investing in those capacities and with the anticipation that self-
regulation and government-driven regulation will help drive sort of these businesses. 
 
End of the day if you ask us do we have the intention to be big in this business? The 
answer is no. The answer for us is we want to be a leader in the biodegradable films 
business. Recycling whether MLP or PCR, it's just a way for us to take being a global 
leader in the BOPET film industry. It's that we want to lead the market in that 
particular way. 
 
So let's see for the next couple of years as to how the regulation sell as well as the 
government-driven regulations comes into place. And definitely, we are totally 
updated on the situation talking to our customers and all that. And you will be 
surprised to know that even very large companies, given the costs arbitrage between 
the recycled material as well as the virgin material, in the absence of regulation, they 
still try to save on. They try to save on some costs. While you may see that when the 
media announcements, they have next 5 years, we have this, we have this. But still, 
there is a hesitation to start even in a small way, given the costs, additional costs that 
it involves. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Sir, do I get you correctly when you say that it's not a big opportunity for you, this 
recycling part only the biodegradable part is a big opportunity. Did I... 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Biodegradable is a big opportunity for us. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Recyclability is not a big opportunity for you? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Yes. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. But why do you say that? I mean, because so much of the plastic waste are 
getting generated, so why do you said it's not a big opportunity ? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think the opportunity is through the small and medium enterprises who will collect 
get all these garbage. You can't set up a big plant in Gujarat where the waste comes 
from all of India and then it is processed there. It's not going to happen like that. So 
it's always recycling will have to be a very localized affair. And the local municipalities 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 17 | 19 
 
will bring all the garbage to the site. And then these sites will be -- these local sites 
will do that. Now we don't want to do that -- into that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
How does the biodegradability part give you a big opportunity? Even that is local also, 
isn't it, collection and all those things? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
So the biodegradability theory is once the capability is different. So biodegradability 
is what. Today like Coke has an enzyme which is sent to all the bottling plants whether 
they are owned by Coke or not. So it's like that. So you make these biodegradable 
enzymes in 1 or 2 markets in India and globally and then from there you supply to the 
rest of the world.  
Now biodegradable like the way India has done it's both recycling or biodegradability 
depending on the customers choice today because end of the day, if you ask the large 
companies also, they are also not wanting to set up the recycling plant. So, somebody 
else will have to do the recycling plant for them. so that they could be compliant with 
the new EPR rules.  
So if there are not recycling capabilities that are coming up, then the only way for 
them to be compliant with the EPR rules is to have the biodegradable film is which 
even if they are not selected, there is no obligation to collect them and process them 
and give your presentations before the authorities that you actually recycle this much 
and is -- so while recycling is a localized opportunity, the biodegradable is a 
centralized opportunity here by adding the enzymes and you're makings of packaging 
skills. You were done with that stage and companies, the brands do not have any 
further liability beyond that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. But this biodegradable thing will be part of the packaging itself or once the 
packages get collected, it will put biodegradable enzyme or something? 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
When the films are manufactured, I think film is special. At that time, only the enzyme 
is added. And -- so this film when you will actually throw after eating Lays chips packet 
on the road, on the ground and all that, it will start biodegrading. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
In terms of packaging cost? 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 18 | 19 
 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
I think the difference should be between 20% to 25%. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. We now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thank you. Thanks, everybody, for being on this call. And I think we are getting into 
FY '25, as I said earlier, on the positivity created by the performance in FY '24, Q4 and 
projects that have got commissioned and those are likely to get completed in FY '25, 
adding to the additional revenues and profitability in FY '25 and beyond. And a single 
cost on margin improvement in the packaging films industry. The demand plan 
mismatches have to be taken care of with all. Without that, there is much possibility 
of hikes. 
 
In the COVID period, during the COVID period, people have spent INR250 per kg on 
the packaging films. And today, then the price is INR100 only. Of course, the raw 
materials have also corrected. But then that's the kind of delta that this world has 
been post COVID and during the COVID period, in the packaging films and their raw 
material side. 
Sachin Bobade: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhatia. So thank you all to the participants once again. Ladies and 
gentlemen, for the engaging questions, we will soon have the transcript of this call 
on our website, www.uflexltd.com. We look forward to speak to you again in the 
coming quarters. Thank you, and have a great day. 
Rajesh Bhatia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We thank the management for this call. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 

Q4 FY24 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL MAY 30, 2024                          
 
P a g e 19 | 19 
 
 
Contact information: 
Mr. Surajit Pal, Vice President, Head of Investor Relations 
Mr. Manoj Pandey, Manager, Investor Relations 
Email: investorrelations@uflexltd.com 
 
Corporate Address: 
A - 107 - 108, Sector - IV, Noida - 201301 (U.P.), India 
Phone No.: +91 120 4012345 | Fax No.: +91 120 2556040 
Corporate ID: L74899DL1988PLC032166 
