 
CIN: L14102TG1991PLC013299 
Registered and Corporate Office: Surya Towers, 105, Sardar Patel Road, Secunderabad 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Phone: +91 40 6631 0111, Email: contact@pokarna.com, Web: www.pokarna.com 
 
 
 
Date: 23rd May, 2024 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532486 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
 
Symbol: POKARNA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Earnings Call Transcripts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, the transcript of the audio call recording 
of the Company’s Analyst Call held on 21st May, 2024, on the Audited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the Fourth quarter and Financial 
year ended 31st March, 2024, is attached herewith. 
 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company’s website using the 
following link: 
 
https://www.pokarna.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Invester-Call-
CDC2720240517153227.mp3 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For and on behalf of Pokarna Limited 
 
 
 
Gautam Chand Jain 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
 
 
Gautam 
Chand Jain
Digitally signed by 
Gautam Chand Jain 
Date: 2024.05.23 
12:30:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
Pokarna Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2024 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call.   Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin 
Desa from CDR India.   
Gavin Desa 
Thank you, Michelle. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to Pokarna Limited's Q4 and FY '24 
earnings conference call. On the call today, we have Mr. Paras Jain, the Chief Executive Officer at 
Pokarna Engineered Stone and Mr. Viswanatha Reddy, CFO. Before we begin, I would like to mention 
that some of the statements made in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may 
involve risks and uncertainties. 
  
I'd also like to state that this is a 45 -- the duration of this call will be 45 minutes and we will conclude 
at 10:45 a.m. 
 
I now invite Mr. Paras Jain to open proceedings of this call and share perspectives of business and 
outlook. Over to you, Paras. 
Paras Jain: 
Thank you Gavin. Greetings, and thank you for joining us today. While you have the financial numbers 
for the quarter at your disposal, I'd like to share some insights into the quartz surfaces industry to provide 
context for our financial and operational achievements. 
 
Despite ongoing economic headwinds in the U.S. impacting the quartz industry, our results for the 
quarter and the full year reflect the relatively positive effects of the actions we are taking to enhance 
our performance. This quarter, we've seen stable margins in our quartz business, largely in line with 
Q3. However, these were somewhat offset by a marketing expense of Rs. 7 crore and a markdown of 
certain finished goods inventory by Rs. 7 crore in Q4. 
 
Let me provide an update on the ongoing capital expenditures in our quartz business. We are investing 
in two technologies, KREOS and CHROMIA, both from Breton of Italy. 
 
Starting in Q2 of FY25, we will commercialize the KREOS line, a new-generation mixture extrusion 

Page 2 of 11 
 
and distribution system designed to produce full-body, ultra-thin, and uniquely innovative aesthetic 
slabs. Following this, in Q4 of FY25, we will commercialize the CHROMIA line, which is designed 
for decorating quartz slabs with high-definition digital printing. This technology allows for printing 
precise, intricate patterns and vibrant colors, enhancing the aesthetic appeal and customizability of 
slabs. 
 
Turning to our granite business, while the environment remains challenging, we are moving forward 
with a renewed focus on the quarrying business to navigate these conditions. Our efforts are directed 
towards getting this division back on the profitability track in FY25. Additionally, the Board has 
approved the decision to transfer, sell, lease, exchange, hive off, or otherwise dispose of the Apparel 
Business on a going concern basis. This marks our exit from the Apparel Business, allowing us to focus 
entirely on our Stone businesses. 
 
We are hearing from our U.S. quartz sales channels about a pickup in consumer optimism and a rebound 
in the housing market in certain areas. The forecast for U.S. new home starts and existing home sales 
predicts a slight increase in 2024, with greater improvement in the second half of the year.  
 
We are receiving enthusiastic responses for our quartz from customers in Canada, France, Mexico, and 
Russia. 
 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about FY25. Our strategic initiatives and investments are positioning 
us for a better year, with improvements already being seen on the demand front. Our broad and 
innovative quartz offerings, combined with our commitment to quality and service, will continue to 
drive our success with both new and existing customers. As we navigate current market dynamics, our 
strategy remains firmly focused on enhancing innovation, developing our brand, and expanding our 
geographical reach. 
 
Thank you once again for joining the call. I’m now open to answer any questions you might have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of  
VK Karthi keyan from Suyash Advisors.   
VK Karthi keyan: 
Yes, one question on the two technologies that you're launching. What is the current market demand 
for these products? As in, are these existing product categories or completely new product categories, 
how would business development happen? Some color on that would be interesting. 
Paras Jain: 
That's the only question you have, Karthik? 
VK Karthi keyan: 
And what's the capex on these two machines?  
Paras Jain: 
So now coming to this Kreos and Chromia technology, these two technologies we are bringing from 
Breton of Italy. So Kreos is a new-generation mixture extrusion and distribution system where the 
products are actually made -- today, currently, we make a 12-millimeter product, 20- and a 30-

Page 3 of 11 
 
millimeter product. Kreos would allow us to make a 7-millimeter product also, which has certain 
different applications in certain markets. Apart from that, it would also allow us to make products with 
a unique aesthetic. 
 
So currently, this technology from Breton is available with two to three players across different parts 
of the world. And Chinese have been trying to copy this technology, but we have not seen a good 
copy as of now in the market from the Chinese side of it. But from Breton, we have two 
manufacturing companies one in Korea, another in Italy who already have introduced this product last 
year. So in that way this technology is relatively new compared to the other quartz technology.. 
 
Secondly, coming to the printed Chromia. Chromia is basically, if you have seen the ceramic slab or 
the porcelain slabs are actually printed. There is a printing technology. So hitherto, in quartz, there 
was no printing technology. So now Breton has introduced a technology called Chromia, which will 
allow us to decorate the slab with certain printing apart from bringing whatever aesthetic we bring 
from our existing production line.  
 
So this technology typically has been growing in the last 2 years to 3 years. There are some Chinese 
players in it, there are some Italian players in it, but we have decided to go with Chromia because we 
believe that this represents that technology currently available in the market. Coming to capex. So if 
you recall in, I think, our last or call before that, we've announced that we are doing about EUR 10 
million capex which is across these two products, these two equipments. 
VK Karthi keyan: 
And if I may add one quick question. Would this help you to improve realization at least by $1 on 
average or more? 
Paras Jain: 
The current focus is on improving the product aesthetic and we believe that as we improve the product 
aesthetic, the realization should also get better. So I don't have the number. But definitely, the focus for 
investing in this technology is to be able to offer innovative products, which would help us to increase 
our net realization. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Manav Singh from Auralis Capital.  
Manav Singh: 
My first question is the exclusivity contract that we had with Breton, it's not there anymore. 
Now many other companies make the quartz slabs. What is the competitive advantage that we would be having over others? Can you 
please explain a little bit on that? 
Paras Jain: 
See the exclusivity with Breton is, I think, was finished, I think, about 5 years, 7 years back. So I don't 
think that has hindered our progress or our positioning in the market, rather if you see our performance 
has improved over last 5 years period of time. Because this industry no longer is dependent on what the 
technology supplier provides. It is your R&D which actually positions you differently from the others 
in the market. It is your innovation, which keeps you ahead of the competition. 

Page 4 of 11 
 
 
So our strength is our research and development where we are able to bring in aesthetic and 
innovatively driven product ahead of the market, and also our understanding of the fashion. Because 
this industry, unlike a stone industry, natural stone industry, which is predominantly driven by what 
the nature has provided you, is largely driven by the fashion coming. So I think our taste for fashion 
and our innovation and R&D is keeping us ahead of the market, and we believe that we'll continue to 
be differentiated on those 2 fronts as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors 
Private Limited.   
Dixit Doshi: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on the margin. So obviously, we had some one-off this quarter and also 
quarterly comparison is slightly not proper. So on a yearly basis, we have done 32% EBITDA margin. 
So do you feel more or less going forward will be in this line only? And my second question is regarding 
these two new technologies. So one, we were also trying -- or doing some R&D for alternative raw 
materials. 
 
So will these two technology is related to that also or that will be a completely different product? And 
in one of the earlier calls, you have mentioned that these two new technologies will give us altogether 
a new segment. Right now it is mainly a kitchen counter top. If you can elaborate on that also. 
Paras Jain: 
Thank you, Dixit. Coming to your first question on EBITDA margins. So we believe that 30% to 35% 
guidance, what we have traditionally provided, is a good number to look at for FY '25 as well. And 
coming to your second question on the alternative raw material. The alternative raw materials typically 
are to substitute certain raw materials in the formulation so that we have lower crystalline silica 
products.  
 
So if we were to produce a lower crystalline silica slabs, we could still use the Kreos technology, we 
could still use the Chromia technology. So formulation is relatively different and technology, Kreos and 
Chromia, works with both with our existing formulation and also will work with the new formulation 
as and when that gets ready. 
 
Now coming to your third question on the new segment. So what I meant there was and if you recall a 
little while ago, I said, there is a possibility of Kreos helping us make a 7-millimeter product. So 7-
millimeter product typically is used for as a furniture top in Europe and certain other areas and also in 
applications, where they want lighter materials or thinner material. So currently, because the density is 
quite high in 12- or 20-millimeter or a 30-millimeter product, the application is limited.  
 
So we are trying to explore the possibility of pushing this product in a segment where we can open up 
the market for shower wall surrounds, the furniture tops and all using a 7-millimeter or thinner slabs 
in that segment. That was my context when I said new segment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors LLP.  

Page 5 of 11 
 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Couple of questions, with respect to these two new technologies, do we have any geographic 
descriptions or given what you said that there are two other players, everyone can sell in any of the 
markets across the world. So if you can just give some color on that side. 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So basically, there is no restriction from Breton to any of the existing users of this technology or 
on us as to where this product has to be sold. Wherever the market is there, wherever we have customers, 
all of us are allowed to sell wherever there is a demand and supply. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
And are these two players equally strong in the US market which is very core to us? 
  
Paras Jain: 
They have been in the marketplace much before we came into this marketplace with our old 
technologies as well. So they have a position in all these markets. But I think our trends are relatively 
different is what is our assessment, and we should be able to position our products well in this market 
space in spite of a couple others having the position or their presence there in those markets. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Got it. And then if you can just talk a little bit about the international forays that we started last year? 
We were expanding in Russia, then Canada and some other countries. So what's the update on that in 
terms of the business traction you're seeing there? 
Paras Jain: 
So we started in Russia and the market there is doing good in terms of the product acceptance and the 
repeat order. Currently, the only challenge what they are facing is the lead times because not every 
shipping line goes to Russia. So there are very relatively smaller services, which are available to get the 
product delivered there. In spite of that challenge, I think the product presentation, the reach and the 
client or the distributor who we have currently is doing a good job, and the response what we have 
received from him and his client is exceedingly well. And we believe that as we ease out the situation 
on the shipping and as we move forward, I think the business is definitely poised to grow. 
 
And coming to Canada. Canada market is doing good. Our distributor is able to expand his reach 
beyond the geography, what he was currently working. So he is looking to expand his operating 
geographical reach with Quantra as well. The product is well marketed, displayed, and is getting a 
good traction out there as well. 
 
Mexico. Our distributer is doing good in spite of Mexico being a very challenging market because of 
the presence of low-cost imports. But since we are positioned on a different side of the market, we are 
looking at positioning as a niche and a luxury brand than at a bottom of the pyramid out there. So 
there also the traction is good. 
 
France, we are working with a client, who is one of the largest in his segment there. And they're also 
doing a good traction out there in terms of repeat orders and the product acceptance, expansion of 
range and everything. So I think we are pretty much happy with the geographies which we entered 
last year, with the progress what we have made so far because it usually takes a longer time for the 

Page 6 of 11 
 
product to get accepted and the repeat orders to start flowing.  
 
But with whatever constraints we were operating in certain markets, I think the response, which we 
got at the rate, at which it came is really increasing and again, we are looking at exploring further 
more opportunities in the different geographies. Let's see how it pans out, but the focus on expanding 
beyond U.S. continues and also the expansion within US. is also happening. Like we are looking at 
adding some more distributors of our brand in certain geographies, apart from adding some private 
label clients. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Got it. And just one last thing. What was our percentage of revenue last year from these new markets? 
Paras Jain: 
So right now the percentage from the new market is in a single digit, but I think that is very promising 
compared to what we were before we got into this market. And as the market, our penetration in those 
markets increases, I think, it has a potential to consolidate, be a double-digit number there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead Investment Advisors.  
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Sir, in the opening remarks, you mentioned there is an incremental marketing spend of INR7 crore in 
Q4. So is it linked to the new product launches we did at KBIS? 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So basically, KBIS is a very large show where we participate and all these shows in America are 
relatively very expensive to participate. Considering the booth size what we have and the relative 
handling expenditure and all the other marketing expenditure, what we -- so all these were related to 
the KBIS, which happened in February '24. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
So sir, can we assume whenever we do a product launch, which generally happens around January, 
February in KBIS, the marketing expense or other expenses would go up slightly? 
Paras Jain: 
So usually, on a yearly basis, currently, we have about a couple of million dollars, which we spend 
across 3 to 4 exhibitions. So KBIS has got the largest chunk actually of all these things. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Tulshyan from New Mark Advisors.   
Vivek Tulshyan: 
My first question was on the tax rate. Our tax rate currently seems to be at about 35%. So do you think 
this will continue at this rate? Or we will move to the 25% rate in the coming 1 or 2 years? The next 
question is on capacity utilization. What is the current capacity utilization? And this EUR 10 million 
capex that we are doing, what will be the asset turn for this once both the plants are ready? 
Paras Jain: 
I think currently, we are at 35% tax rate. And then '24, '25, we think we'll move to 25% tax regime 
there. On current capacity utilization in the quarter in progress, we are very close to the -- our optimal 
capacity utilization. I didn't get your last question because I think there were some disturbance. Can you 
just repeat on the capex, something you asked? 
Vivek Tulshyan: 
Yes. I was asking what will the asset turn for that EUR 10 million capex that we are doing on the two 

Page 7 of 11 
 
new products? 
Paras Jain: 
Historically, if you look at our asset turn has been always around 1 to 1.25. So I don't think it's going to 
be more than that and that's going to start once we have a complete stabilization of the product, of the 
technology and then R&D to be completed where the products are to be established. But it could be 
relatively lower also because -- or could be higher also. It depends upon how finally we bring out the 
products from this. So I think we'll have more clarity after 2 quarters once the R&D is completed and 
the product comes out. 
 
Because when you buy these technologies, typically, you have very limited visibility from the OEM 
or from the supplier as to what designs can be made. It is your own R&D, where you go beyond and 
try to achieve something more than that. So I think two quarters will have more clarity, and then I can 
give you a right number, which is more precise. 
Vivek Tulshyan: 
Understood. Sir, just a follow-up on the capacity utilization, you said we are now operating at optimal 
capacity utilization on our quartz facility. So is there a plan to set up a new line in the coming year or 
do you think that -- when is that decision going to be taken? 
Paras Jain: 
I think that decision, the Board will take at a right time, so I don't have an answer for that at this time. 
But I think definitely Board will consider whatever is right depending upon what they see about this 
business in the near future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Shreyans Jain from Svan Investment Managers.   
Shreyans Jain: 
My first question is, could you give us some sense on how a product mix currently in FY '24, how is it 
between your general and high-margin products? 
Paras Jain: 
So, if you compare with our last year number this is '23 versus '24, the product mix was relatively better 
than '23. But it can further improve because we still have the scope to add a high-value product that is 
the reason if you look at our investment coming in Kreos and Chromia when they get properly matured 
we'll have better realization. So I think we have a scope to improve our product mix depending upon 
how we handle these technologies and how the market reacts. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the India business. So how was India for us in '23, '24? If you can 
just give us some sense on how much did India do? And what is our ad spent budgets for India going 
forward for the next 2 years to 3 years? And when do you think India can be 10% for you in terms of 
overall top line? 
Paras Jain: 
The India business, we have been working with IKEA as a partner for quartz business. Apart from that, 
I think they have about over 100 touch points where the product can be seen and felt either way of 
displays or in terms of samples and all. So India business, typically, India is a larger geography and the 
dynamics of business are relatively different compared to the US because India stone market is largely 
unorganized, fragmented. So positioning a branded niche products typically takes time. 

Page 8 of 11 
 
 
But you may be seeing that we've started already advertising in certain magazines, like you can find 
us on Vistara. You can find us on Air India and then some advertisements in Times of India. So we 
have -- our teams are working on the strategy for India, so we'll have more clarity on the India 
strategy in a quarter or so once we have -- because we just appointed a large team to take care of India 
market. So I think we'll be able to give you more color and flavor on India in a quarter or two 
Shreyans. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Okay. Sir, my last question would be, so we did about 9% growth in our surfaces business. So just 
wanted to understand what would have been the volume growth for us because now high-margin 
products have also started contributing. So just wanted to understand the volume growth that we would 
have done this quarter? 
Paras Jain: 
More than, I think, volume growth, we were focused on the value growth. Actually, if you see on year-
on-year basis also, we are predominantly focusing ourselves to be able to deliver more value. Once we 
start delivering the more value, I think we can easily catch up on the volume side of this because we 
were focusing more on delivering the products, innovating with the new product, so our focus in the 
last couple of quarters or, in general, for the last year, has been on the value realization than 
incrementally increasing the volume.  
Shreyans Jain: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, last question from my side is, sir, we'll be generating good cash and then we have 
some capex also lined up. So how are you looking at debt for FY '25 and '26, are you comfortable at 
these levels?  
Viswanatha Reddy: 
We have a repayment of only INR40 crore for the next year, so it won't be any problems. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay Investment Advisors.   
Naman Parmar: 
I just wanted to understand what was the demand scenario in the US market and how it will be going to 
improve in the future? Can you explain that? 
Paras Jain: 
Yes, so demand in the U.S. market is improving in certain pockets, if you had followed my opening 
comments, while certain pockets are still relatively flat. But some of our customers are reporting 
increased consumer optimism and confidence, and also certain pockets of hospitality are improving. 
Commercial projects are also seeing a little improvement. So overall, the demand scenario in FY '25 
seems to be positive than FY '24.  
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. And can you please help me to know how much percentage was the new product has contributed 
in the quarter and the full year? 
Paras Jain: 
This is something, which we actually do not disclose for a proprietary reason. So what I can tell you is 
that which I answered in the biggest question of Shreyans, you see an improvement over last year in 
FY '24 without the volume increasing is because of higher value realization products coming in the 
portfolio. 

Page 9 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amey Chheda from Banyan Capital Advisors.  
Amey Chheda: 
So I think you had guided for 15% to 25% revenue growth in your recent interview, 25? So if we are 
running at optimum utilization where will this growth come from, since the technologies will be 
commercialized in Q4 and Q2 only? 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. So we have a revenue guidance assuming that the markets continue to add what we are foreseeing 
in next three to four quarters of 15% to 25% increment. So if you recall what I said to someone before 
was that we are focusing more on the value of the product than on the volume. So we believe that we 
have still a certain scope to improve our value realization. And through that value realization, we believe 
that our top line and the bottom line can expand. 
Amey Chheda: 
Okay. And sir excluding these two technologies, just by selling more value-added products with exotic 
designs, we foresee that our optimum revenue can be around INR1,000 crore, I think, which you guided 
last year? 
Paras Jain: 
It all depends upon how the entire product mix pans out, how much we are getting from the product 
mix from the thickness mix, from hospitality and all that segment. So all those alignment of starts across 
the different constants have to happen for that number to achieve. But I think currently, our focus is not 
on growing exponentially on the top line. The focus currently is growing on the bottom line aggressively 
so that we have cash to then deploy as we want in the near future. 
Amey Chheda: 
Okay. And last question is, so any guidance on the granite's margins for FY '25? 
Paras Jain: 
As I said, in the opening, that currently our focus is on the quarrying because in granite we have 2 
divisions, the processing division and the quarrying division. Focus this year is with a renewed focus 
on quarrying business to make the division back on profitability. So I think that's the priority. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonaal Kohli from Bowhead Investment Advisors.  
Sonaal Kohli: 
Did I hear you correctly that your inventory write-down was INR7 crore and advertising was also -- 
spending was INR7 crore I joined late, just wanted to confirm? 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. What I said was that our margins were offset to a little extent for Q4 by a marketing expense of 
INR7 crore and a markdown of certain finished goods by INR7 crore additional.  
Sonaal Kohli: 
To get the context right because you will do some marketing throughout the year, this INR7 crorewas 
-- let me ask in a different way. Like on an annualized basis for FY '24 what would have been your 
advertising cost? 
Paras Jain: 
That's what I told also. I think someone from your team asked me we said you have to look at USD2 
million approximately as our annual budget on business promotions which is spread across three to four 
exhibitions. 

Page 10 of 11 
 
Sonaal Kohli: 
This is for entire 2024 is what you are saying? 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
So basically INR7 crore this quarter and INR9 crore in the remaining three quarters, so INR4 crore 
extra this quarter compared to normal? 
Paras Jain: 
Yes. Yes. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
And INR7 crore of inventory write-off, so INR11 crore of one-offs in this quarter I got the math right? 
Paras Jain: 
INR7 crore plus INR7 crore, INR14 crore, right?. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Yes. But you -- annualized you spent INR16 crore so if you annualize... 
Paras Jain: 
If you annualize it, that's fine. If you go with annualization you're right. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
And so sir, do you see your scope for a gross margin expansion from here on further or we have 
reached optimum level? 
Paras Jain: 
Again, it's a question of how we get the value realization fixed  so keeping that in constant, there is a 
good scope to improve. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
And sir, I was listening to some of the other players in the industry, is the demand situation really just 
improved or it's very good as of now? 
Paras Jain: 
It depends upon what you are currently catering to. So if you are catering to bottom of the pyramid, 
which some of them are claiming to be very good because they produce the basic products; products 
which have been sold at like sub USD4, USD5. So for them the market is really very, very good. But 
those who are focused on higher value realization for them, the -- medium to higher I think for them, 
the market is good.  
Sonaal Kohli: 
And sir, this -- was any impact of one-off on freights also because of the recent issues? 
Paras Jain: 
For us the freight is typically a pass-through item largely on the export side of it. Import side of it, yes, 
to some extent we had because the prices still have not come to a level on the import side of it as those 
were in the certain previous period, but I think largely the export ones are coming to a pretty normal 
conditions. 
Sonaal Kohli: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Paras Jain: 
Thank you Sonaal.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  

Page 11 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question, I would now hand over the conference to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Paras Jain: 
Thank you and it was a pleasure chatting with all of you and I look forward to connecting again in the 
next quarter. Thank you. 
 
