 
 
 
 
           Corp. Office: Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
 R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011   
                                      
 
 
 
 
      Tel: (022) 3001 6600 Fax: (022) 3001 6601 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
      CIN No. : L17100MH1905PLC000200  
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9   
Fax : (022) 2493 8388  E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com   www.thephoenixmills.com 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
 
Security code: 503100 
 
 
Symbol: PHOENIXLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
This is further to our letter dated May 18, 2024, wherein we had informed the exchange about 
the conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call held on that date with Analysts / Institutional 
Investors on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024, please find attached herewith the 
Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The enclosed Transcript is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
at https://www.thephoenixmills.com/investors/FY2024/Earnings-Call-Transcript.   
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
 
 
 
____________________ 
Gajendra Mewara 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No. A22941 
 
Encl.: As enclosed 
 
 
GAJENDRA 
MEWARA
Digitally signed by 
GAJENDRA MEWARA 
Date: 2024.05.22 
22:33:32 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q4FY24 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 18, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY24 Results 
Conference Call of The Phoenix Mills Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Today, we have with us Mr. Shishir Shrivastava – Managing Director, Mr. 
Kailash Gupta – Group CFO and Mr. Varun Parwal – Group President, 
Strategy, Internal Audit and Head Corporate Finance. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Shishir Shrivastava. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen. I take pleasure in welcoming you all to 
discuss the Operating and Financial Performance for the fourth quarter and 
year ended March 2024. However, before we proceed, I am very pleased to 
welcome Mr. Kailash Gupta, as the company’s group CFO. Kailash brings over 
25 years of experience across various financial disciplines, including business 
strategy, investor relations, M&A, financial planning and analysis, treasury and 
taxation to name a few. Most recently, Kailash served as the CFO at Inox 
Leisure Limited for eight years, leading their financial and commercial 
operations. He played a key role in the merger of Inox with PVR Limited. Prior 
to Inox, Kailash held significant positions at Torrent Pharma, Entertainment 
Network, Thomas Cook, Tata Teleservices and the Aditya Birla Group. Kailash 
is a qualified Chartered Accountant from the batch of 1995 with a well proven 
track record. He has received several accolades including the CA CFO Award 
for Media and Entertainment Industry from the ICAI and was also recognized 
as one of Asia’s 100 Power Leaders in Financed by White Page International. 
We are confident that his expertise will be instrumental in our continued growth 
and performance.  
I will now take you through the key highlights of the results with reference to 
the relevant slides of the results presentation. If I may draw your attention to 
slide #3. Starting off with a quick overview of the retail business. FY24 has 
been a milestone year for the business. At the start of this financial year, we 
had set sights on stabilizing the four new malls and driving growth across the 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
existing operational assets. I am very pleased to report, that we had a strong 
operating performance across most centers and consumption or retailer sales 
that our malls for the year closed at Rs.11,344 crore up 23% year-on-year. 
Moving on to slide #4. This slide provides a breakup of the performance and 
highlights the contribution from new malls during FY24. EBITDA from the retail 
business for the full year came in at Rs. 1,673 crores up 25% year-on-year. 
Overall existing operational malls saw full year rental income and EBITDA 
growing at about 6% and 7% respectively and EBITDA margin as a percentage 
of rental income is at a healthy 104% of rental income.  
New malls contributed approximately Rs. 295 crores in rental income and 
approximately Rs. 257 crores in EBITDA for FY24. EBITDA margin as a 
percentage of rental income is lower in new malls during the initial period of 
occupancy ramp up. However, going forward in FY25, EBITDA margins from 
new malls should start moving towards the margins we see for our existing 
operational malls as these malls stabilize. 
Let’s go to slide #5. We are seeing a fast ramp up in trading occupancy at our 
newly launched malls. Phoenix Citadel, Indore launched in December 2022 
crossed 90% occupancy levels within 12 months of launch and has been 
trading at a stable 91% occupancy since then.  
Palladium Ahmedabad launched in February 2023, this is on slide #6, is 
already trading at 86%. In fact, the multiplex at Ahmedabad is ready and once 
we obtain the occupation certificate, the multiplex will commence operations 
and the occupancy level will cross 94%.  
Moving on to slide #7, Phoenix Mall of the Millennium at Pune opened in 
September 2023, and is already trading at 77% occupancy levels within eight 
months of opening.  
And on slide #8, last but not the least, Phoenix Mall of Asia at Bangalore 
launched in October 2023 and is already at 67% occupancy levels within six 
months of opening.  
Let’s take a look at slide #10. As we have noted earlier, total consumption in 
FY24 was at Rs. 11,344 crores approximately demonstrating a year-on-year 
growth of 23% over FY23. On a like-to-like basis, consumption in FY24 grew 
by 8% over FY23 led by strong double-digit growth in Phoenix Market City and 
Palladium Chennai, Phoenix Market City Mumbai at Kurla and Phoenix 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Palassio, Lucknow. Phoenix Palladium reported a growth of 4% but if adjusted 
for the loss of contribution from the Lifestyle store, its reported consumption 
growth will be approximately 9% on a like-for-like basis. As you may all be 
aware, we have shut down that store and demolished that structure as per our 
revised approval plans to provide a spectacular entry and arrival experience 
and better circulation for the ever growing iconic Phoenix Palladium 
development. Gross retail collections for the period were approx. Rs. 2,743 
crores up 27% over FY23.  
Slide #11, shows total consumption in Q4 FY24 was at approximately Rs. 
2,833 crores up 28% year-on-year and on a like-to-like basis grew by 10% over 
Q4 FY23. This excludes the new malls which were launched in the end of 
calendar year 23. 
Slide #12 provides an overview of the category-wise consumption performance 
across our malls on a like-to-like basis. 
Moving on to slide #13, rental income for the quarter grew by 31% over Q4 
FY23. Driven by strong performances from Phoenix MarketCity, Pune, Phoenix 
MarketCity in Mumbai, Chennai, and Phoenix Palassio, Lucknow. The rental 
income performance is reflected in the EBITDA performance as well and on 
slide #14, it demonstrates a growth of 28% over Q4 FY23.  
Drawing your attention to slides #15 and #16. Since we have discussed the 
FY24 retail income and EBITDA performance, I will skip through these slides 
and go to the occupancy overview across major malls on slide #17. Weighted 
average leased occupancy across major malls stood at 97% and trading 
occupancy at 88%.  
Moving on to the commercial offices section, which is on slide #18 and 
onwards. We have taken significant strides towards cementing our presence 
in this asset class as well. 
Slide #19 demonstrates that for FY24 total income from the office business 
was approximately Rs. 190 crores with an EBITDA of approximately Rs. 110 
crores depicting a growth of 12% and 13% respectively over FY23. FY24 gross 
leasing has been over half a million square feet out of which approximately 3.6 
lakh square feet is new leasing and 1.7 lakh square feet is renewal.  

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Slide number #20, occupancy in our operational portfolio of Mumbai and Pune 
has increased to 70% at the end of FY24 up from 63% last year while 
maintaining healthy gross rental levels.  
On slides #21 and #22. In line with the performance in FY24 income from the 
office business in Q4 FY24 was at Rs. 49 crores up 13% compared to the same 
quarter last year and EBITDA was Rs. 30 crores up 12% over Q4 FY23. We 
are hopeful to continue this momentum with the launch of best-in-class 
benchmark-setting new age commercial office assets at Bangalore, Pune and 
Chennai in 2024, where we have seen keen interest from prospective clients.  
Moving on to slide number #23 and hotel assets. We continue to see positive 
trends in the hospitality segment with double digit growth in ARRs along with 
high occupancy levels in both of our operational hotels. 
Slide #24 shows that our marquee destination - The St. Regis, Mumbai, we 
have seen a remarkable ARR level at more than Rs. 21,000 in Q4 FY24. Even 
for the full year of FY24 there has been a notable increase of 23% in room 
rates while maintaining above 80% occupancy throughout the year.  
Coming to the operational performance, shown on slide #25. St. Regis 
continues to reach new heights and has clocked a total income of over Rs. 490 
crores with EBITDA of approximately Rs. 223 crores, representing an 
impressive EBITDA margin of 46%. 
Slides #26 and #27, moving on to the Courtyard by Marriott at Agra, we have 
seen double digit ARR growth throughout the year with occupancy levels close 
to 80%. The operational performance, in FY24, this asset has clocked a total 
income of Rs. 55 crores with EBITDA of Rs. 16 crores and healthy margins of 
29%. 
Let’s move to the Residential business which is on slide #28 and onwards. We 
have had another remarkable year during FY24.  
Slide #29 and #30 show a strong demand and fast conversion where we have 
seen gross sales of approximately Rs. 566 crores and we have collected Rs. 
646 crores during FY24. Also, we are happy to report that we have received 
the occupation certificate for Tower 7 at One Bangalore West. Accordingly, on 
the basis of the sale of the completed inventory and on receipt of OC of Tower 
7, we have recognized revenue of Rs. 870 crores for FY24 and Rs. 454 crores 
during the last quarter.  

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Moving on to the financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March 
2024. This is on slide #31 and onwards.  
Slide #32 shows the standalone P&L which houses Phoenix Palladium, 
Mumbai and a very small component of offices - Phoenix House. Income from 
operations for Q4 FY24 and full year FY24 have been slightly lower than Q4 
FY23 and full year FY23 as well. Mainly on account of ongoing enhancements 
to the overall layout, we have vacated and demolished the structure which 
housed the Lifestyle store previously and that has had an impact both on 
consumption and on our rental incomes. 
Without spending too much time on the standalone balance sheet, we will 
move on to consolidated performance. On slide number #34, with the addition 
of new operational assets and momentum in leasing and occupancy, our 
income from operations for Q4 FY24 is higher by almost 80% compared to Q4 
FY23. For the full year of FY24 income from operations is higher by about 50% 
compared to FY23. I would like to mention at this point that in FY24 we have 
booked Rs. 870 crores of revenue in our Residential business which has been 
added to this and this demonstrates a boost in the top line. On our operating 
EBITDA metrics for the full year FY24 we have reported Rs. 2,185 crores with 
an increase of 44% over FY23. This momentum has been seen quarter-on-
quarter with Q4 FY24 clocking 46% growth in operating EBITDA over Q4 FY23. 
Profit after tax after adjustment of minority interest and exceptional items which 
was Rs. 1,152 crores for FY24 grew by over 60% over FY23. 
Let’s move on to slide number #36. Our consolidated debt as on 31st March 
24 is Rs. 4,366 crores with an average cost of roughly 8.8%.  
Let’s draw your attention to slide #37 and #38. On the consolidated cash flows 
front, we have crossed the milestone of Rs. 2,000 crores and generated net 
cash flow from operations of Rs. 2,162 crores net of taxes. We have reinvested 
a considerable amount of this cash flow through capital expenditure across 
assets under development and one land acquisition during the year in total 
aggregating about Rs. 1,670 crores.  
Just for perspective, after removing interest paid to service the existing debt 
our operating free cash flow net of taxes and interest is about Rs. 1,781 crores 
for FY24 which is 27% higher than last year.  

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Slide #39 and slide #40, show a group level net debt position has remained 
close to Rs. 2,200 crores as the majority of our CAPEX has been funded by 
operational cash flows. PML level net debt position has improved with net debt 
of Rs.1,560 crores as on 31st March 2024.  
Let’s move on to slide #41. Last month in April, we acquired 6.6 acres of land 
adjacent to Phoenix MarketCity Bangalore at a cost of about Rs. 230 crores. 
This has been acquired through a joint venture with Canada Pension Plan and 
will add to the overall footprint and development potential accessibility and 
experience for our destination retail-led mixed use development Phoenix 
Market City located on Whitefield Road in Bangalore.  
On slide #42, we have a clear roadmap of where we intend to be by 2027. We 
aim to have an operational portfolio of about 14 million square feet of retail, 7 
million square feet of offices close to 1,000 keys in hotels and add another 
million square feet to our Residential development. These are all projects 
which are already underway, lands have been acquired and we may be under 
construction or at design development stage. We are busy charting our growth 
beyond 2027 and have added to our development mix through land 
acquisitions at Thane and Bangalore. And we continue to evaluate and work 
on opportunities selectively to add to our growing portfolio.  
Moving on to sustainability slides #43 and #44. Sustainability is very important 
for our company. As we grow we are committed to doing so responsibly and 
here’s how. We are ramping up our use of renewable power across our entire 
portfolio aiming for over 70%. All our new buildings are targeted to be LEED 
certified, ensuring they are environmentally friendly and efficient. We are 
already making strides on this front with 1/3rd of our existing retail buildings, 
i.e. 1/3rd by GLA are already certified with a USGBC LEED certification.  
This brings me to the end of our operational and financial performance update 
and we can now be open for questions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
First question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Shishir my first question is on the same store growth of 8%. If you can help us 
understand a little bit more on how has been the trading occupancy impact on 
this 8% volume growth and inflation? 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thanks for your question Parikshit. Let me try and answer it to the best of my 
abilities. If you look at our operating assets, several of our Phoenix Market 
Cities continue to be at the lag end of the tenure with anchors. So, for example, 
Phoenix MarketCity, Bangalore, and Phoenix Market City, Pune both have 
anchor space, which is about more than 52%. During the cycle of the mall’s 
life, or the tenure of the contracts, we continue to see opportunities to make 
these malls more efficient. What I mean by that is moving away from being 
anchor heavy, depending on where you are in the life of that mall, what the 
customer aspirations are, and bringing in a new brand mix, and perhaps new 
categories. So, we did this in Phoenix MarketCity, Mumbai, and we have seen 
a significant, I would say in one - one and a half years, the numbers have 
played out, and they demonstrate how the strategy has worked for us. So in 
several of our malls, we are now seeing that opportunity again, in the next year 
and maybe year and a half. So, that strategy will help boost consumption. So 
it’s always important to refresh the category mix and brand mix. We took some 
hit at Lower Parel as I mentioned during my opening remarks, with the Lifestyle 
block, which generated close to Rs. 25 - Rs. 27 crores annual rent and 
significant consumption, we saw a drop in consumption and rent because the 
Lifestyle block was vacated and demolished to create a better experience for 
the ongoing development. We are doing some fantastic work at Phoenix 
Palladium, Mumbai in expansion. There is a host of new brands that we are in 
discussion with and these are definitely going to aid in improving both 
consumption and overall rental income for us. So, I don’t think we are seeing 
any structural issue here, which is causing a consumption to let’s say, be at a 
stable, consistent level or not demonstrate great growth. It’s every mall in its 
life has this opportunity of improvements every three to five years and that’s 
where we are in with several of our malls. So, we are going to see this getting 
better.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And guidance for next year, what kind of things to grow you are looking at? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Sorry, Parikshit can you repeat what you are saying? 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So for these malls which are like operational, like-to-like basis what kind of 
growth you think we can forecast for FY25 versus 8% you have reported this 
year? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
See, I don’t think it’s fair to talk about FY25 alone. I would say one has to 
always look at the three year CAGR, three to five year CAGR and over a three 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
to five year CAGR. I would estimate anywhere between 11% to 12% kind of 
growth.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Sir my second question is on Thane. So, you have acquired the land 
parcel so any plans like what have we decided to do there. One of your 
competitor is coming up with a hotel about 560 odd rooms, keys. So any plans, 
what are you looking to add there, do there, in terms of you can help us in the 
mix understand where we commercial, hospitality what you intend to do there?  
Shishir Shrivastava: 
We are not ready to announce what we are doing there yet, because it’s still 
not concluded. So, we are going to take probably another two-three months to 
perhaps decide. But it’s seeming to be a large mixed-use development with a 
combination of maybe some retail, some hotel, we are trying to really 
determine if residential is the right way to go, that’s where the question really 
is and what’s the best use on this land. So we will be very, very happy to 
announce as soon as we have taken a decision. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. And just last thing on the Residential piece. So now we have said we 
are increasing our overall developable area there my FY27. So what kind of 
pre sales number do you think we can achieve on a more consistent and steady 
basis so that, that portfolio gives more visibility on growth. We didn’t have any 
major launches besides the Bangalore one, Alipore is still awaited. So how do 
you intend to build that portfolio over the next three four years and what kind 
of places do you think you can achieve in that segment in three years’ time, 
more on the roadmap of three years, next three years. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
In Kolkata, we have secured the major approvals, this is going to be about a 
million square feet of saleable area. We are waiting, we have applied for EC; 
so we are in the process of getting the approvals. We may be about six to eight 
months away from launch on this asset. The micro market there seems to be 
very, very strong and stable. Our primary research is showing rates in that 
micro market to be in excess of about Rs. 18,000 – Rs.20,000. We have 
already decided on what the product mix is going to be like in terms of the 
sizing of the apartments, configuration, etc. We have about Rs. 350 to Rs. 400 
crores as our target this year to sell the ready inventory which we have in 
Bangalore between One Bangalore West & Kessaku. So, that’s a great target 
for us to chase another Rs. 400 crores this year. We have total ready inventory 
of about Rs. 1,200 crores of which this year we are targeting about Rs. 400 
crores, we certainly work harder to deliver more than our target. We have taken 
some price hikes and the market has also accepted that well. And we are 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
selling at about Rs. 24,000 per square foot plus plus, compared to Rs. 15,000 
per square foot plus plus in 2019. This would be our guidance for FY25 that 
we are targeting to get about aim to sell about Rs. 400 crores. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And more on the longer term like three, four years what kind of sales can this 
segment do for us like Residential, can we reach that 2000 crore number with 
addition of more projects over the next two, three years? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So currently, we don’t have any active plans on expanding on Residential. We 
are not in any race to become a larger Residential developer. We are being 
very selective about the opportunities and depending on the value at which we 
are able to buy land in mature, stable markets where absorption has been 
consistent, we will continue to look at those opportunities. But I can clarify that 
today we are not actively looking at any Residential growth, new projects. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Praveen Choudhary 
from Morgan Stanely. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Choudhary: Just a quick question for me. Can you talk about the competition in tier one 
existing cities where you already have malls in terms of are you finding 
considering how good this business has been, credible competition coming in. 
And the second question is on tier two cities, the return on invested capital, 
how are you thinking about it as you are going into newer cities. So far you 
have obviously achieved that. But are you finding that you may not be, or you 
need to slow down if the returns are coming slower. How are you thinking about 
it is the question. Thank you. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Thanks Praveen. So, let’s talk about tier one cities and competition in tier one 
cities. See we have seen a significant I would say we continue to see a good 
growth in our numbers in tier one cities, it’s a great business to be in. But it 
also requires a very large team, a lot of effort. Land has become very expensive 
and especially in the locations where our malls are, land has become very 
expensive. So, there are many factors which deter competition. We are 
conscious of the fact that there can be competition, anybody can come into 
these markets. So, our focus is on creating such experiential centers, which 
become dominant consumption centers. And with that approach, we will 
continue to stay a little ahead of the game here. We don’t see other developers 
building malls around our locations at present in any of the markets where we 
are and we will continue to innovate, get bigger, better where we are. So, that 
we are just always established as a dominant center. Your second question 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
was return on capital invested in tier two cities. In fact, I must say that return 
on capital in percentage terms, I would say have been even better than tier 
one, because these are not really, they may be tier two cities, but they are tier 
one opportunities. Case and example Phoenix Palassio Lucknow within six 
years of acquisition we are seeing a yield on cost of about 17% and growing 
every year. And Indore, Ahmedabad these also look to be very, very promising. 
We are very keen to work, go ahead full steam, on our retail project at Surat 
and it is progressing fast. We expect to see the same story that played out in 
Lucknow to also play out in Surat, which is a great market to be in. Ahmedabad, 
I would like to say that in the first full year of operations our yield has exceeded 
14% so that’s great. 
Praveen Choudhary: Thank you. That totally makes sense, I did go to your Ahmedabad mall, it’s 
actually fantastic. I have one more question if it’s okay. I was looking at your 
slide number #12 and you have category wise growth in your consumption. So, 
you look at electronics showing minus 1% or others showing 3%, food and 
beverage slightly lower. How are you thinking about it of course, you can’t have 
a mall which has zero percentage of these categories. But how do you ensure 
that you keep pruning it and improving that trade mix? Thank you. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes, pruning and correcting the category mix and the brand mix is very routine 
for us. This is how we manage our retail business, it’s something that we do 
virtually every day. Looking at electronics specifically, it’s a blip for that one 
year and interestingly last year we did an electronics fest which really, really 
worked well. This was done in Bangalore and Chennai and we saw great 
turnout for that. So, there are these marketing initiatives that we create for 
specific categories to boost their sales and we are not seeing electronics really 
not getting customers, it’s not like customers have moved away from coming 
into physical stores and started ordering online to the extent that will impact 
these physical stores. Accordingly, we remain very vigilant on the performance 
of each of the categories and we continue to take corrective action be it 
marketing, be it engaging with them, launching some kind of a special. I would 
like to talk a little bit about F&B in our newer malls . We have significantly 
increased the percentage of gross leasable area occupied by F&B in the new 
malls we maybe in about 15%- 16% range for F&B alone. And then you add 
that, entertainment centers, multiplex and entertainment options, you are 
inching closer to about 30%. This is a very, I would say a strategic shift, where 
F&B and entertainment would earlier occupy cumulatively about 15% and now, 
we are inching closer to about 30%. Even in our existing malls we are working 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
on an upgrade to revamp uplift F&B brands and options. So, this drives the 
relevant profile of the customer to the mall, and drives overall consumption. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
My first question was on, what is the development plan for the 6.6 acres of land 
that we have bought in Bangalore? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Hi Kunal. This, land is adjacent to our existing Phoenix MarketCity 
development, and which sits under the joint venture with CPP in an SPV called 
Island Star. So, now, this is exactly adjacent to that we have the ability, we are 
looking at how we can amalgamate the two land parcels and be able to utilize 
the overall development mix in a composite manner. So, it has a, I would say 
the land parcel has a development potential, including TDR of about 1.3- 1.4 
million square feet. We have at our existing development, we have 
development potential, including TDR of 3 million square feet, and we are 
expanding the existing mall and existing mall development. As you are aware 
we are adding a ~400 room hotel Grand Hyatt, we have plans to add about a 
million odd square feet of offices. So, this acquisition will help us create a much 
larger destination with more perhaps more retail and more entertainment and 
F&B options. And we also have the ability to evaluate a standalone residential 
development should we want to take that up, the rates seem to be fairly 
reasonable, viable, and profitable in that area, and in the range of about 
Rs.15,000 a square foot. So that is also under consideration. We are working 
on several options now. Since we have recently acquired, we may be about 
two quarters away from deciding how we want to proceed with the 
development here. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Just a few thoughts there. Generally this is very kind of uncharacteristic 
of us, in terms of like, in the past we have generally been very clear about like 
what we want to do and then in fact we have paid top dollar and bought land 
and built malls, and those malls have been pretty strong in terms of profitability 
and return. Whereas this is like, this again like very similar to what we are doing 
in Thane also, they bought land, but we are not sure what we are going to build 
over there. Any change in the thought process or strategic thinking that versus 
what used to be doing in the past versus what we are doing today? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes, so with this Bangalore land of 6.6 acres, it was an opportunity that we had 
to close very fast. It came up in our discussions with the landowners and we 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
didn’t really get an opportunity to deep dive into finalizing a development mix. 
Of course, we ran numbers based on a base case. But we are trying to see 
how we can improve on that base case. And it’s a little complex because the 
property is immediately adjacent to us. We have this existing mall, we are 
already constructing the multi-level car park and the office towers on top of 
that, which are closer to the boundary of this adjacent land parcel. So, we are 
trying to figure out what is the most efficient and I would say what is going to 
be the best experience for a customer here in terms of circulation, etc. So, it 
will undergo a little bit of some, it requires a lot of thought. But nevertheless, 
we feel that it’s a huge value add to this development. The ability to add 
another 1.3-1.4 million square feet to this development, perhaps even going 
up higher, is a huge value add to our overall destination.  
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Just one follow up on that is, in terms of like we are looking at like, you 
gave an example of Bangalore also that you may look at adding some retail 
space also over there. And we are only doing some expansion at the 
Palladium, Mumbai in terms of retail space. Our earlier strategy was like build 
these, like 1 million square feet of retail was like the sweet spot. But do you 
think that, that thing is changing now, like there is potential of building larger 
scale malls and we are seeing that with some of your competitors also, who 
are building like huge malls, especially in North? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
No, absolutely the sweet spot has moved up simply because of the demand 
from retail brands. So many new global brands entering into the country its 
becoming, the sweet spot now is closer to about 1.4-1.5 million square feet. 
And that’s the goal of our expansion across all locations where we have malls 
operating and also the new malls that we are building. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Two questions from my side, first in terms of our trading occupancy which 
currently is at about 88% will it be fair to assume that let’s say by the end of 
FY25 this number would have moved to somewhere closer to the mid-90s at a 
portfolio level? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes, absolutely because there are so many deals done and concluded and 
under various stages of fit out, we should be in 95% - 96% range for sure. 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Parvez Qazi: 
Sure. And my second question is regarding our various office assets. Would 
be great if you could tell us about the status of the construction there and when 
do we expect the various assets to become operational. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, Asia Towers, Bangalore is nearly complete, we are waiting for the OC, and 
we should be able to commence operations immediately thereafter. Phoenix 
Millennium Towers at Pune, Wakad - these will be ready by the end of this 
calendar year and Chennai as well. So, we are estimating within the next six 
months both of these, at least phase one of Millennium Tower, Pune will be 
ready before the end of this calendar year, which will be about half a million 
square feet and Chennai, half a million square feet should be ready by the end 
of this calendar year. The offices that we are building in Mumbai as part of our 
flagship development at Lower Parel– we expect this to be completed 
sometime in 2027. And, yes at Bangalore, about 400,000 square feet of new 
offices at Phoenix MarketCity, Bangalore on Whitefield Road should be ready 
by 2026, calendar year 2026. 
Parvez Qazi: 
Got it. And apart from that two acquisitions that we have done in Thane and 
Bangalore. How is our business development, etc. plans for new retail asset 
development, whether in tier one or tier two cities? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
There are probably two more real transactions that we are currently pursuing, 
and we should be able to conclude them in this calendar year. So that would 
add maybe another 2 - 2.5 million to our portfolio in the next four years or four 
to five years. I had previously guided to closing four to five transactions within 
24 months. This was in the last quarter call. The Bangalore acquisition was the 
first one and there are two more which are underway. So, give us a couple of 
quarters to be able to announce more. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Mehra: 
My question is, in terms of retail expansion so in the presentation we have 
spoken about 11 going to 14 msft. So, the question was in terms of given our 
very successful in terms of response so far on that just like Ahmedabad and 
Lucknow you spoke about. Can we look at the next two to three years to build 
a very, very large pipeline, like the targeting +20 million in retail, because what 
tends to happen is, every city will tend to have a potential destination which will 
prosper over the next decade. And if we don’t get that opportunity, some of our 
competitors might go in there. And which would mean that once they have an 

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
established asset, it would not give us that opportunity, because obviously 
there is a limit to how much land space a city can absorb. So structurally, given 
also that we have a very strong balance sheet today, and cash flows are very 
strong, can we look at stepping up the growth agenda on retail? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Atul, the estimate is to hit about, to have a pipeline to target about 20 million 
square feet in the next few years, of course we are already at 14 million square 
feet. With the two, three acquisitions that we are considering right now. Plus, 
the development at Thane, plus the extensive expansion that we are doing 
everywhere, we will hit that 20 million much sooner. We continue to look for 
opportunities, selectively in key markets. So, like I mentioned to you, I don’t 
know if you remember this, but way back in 2017, we had told you what our 
portfolio is going to be, we are going to get 13 million square feet by 2023 end 
and we are going to make sure that we add another million square feet every 
year. So, we are very, we are well on track of delivering that and perhaps more.  
Atul Mehra: 
Right, got it that’s good to know. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Now, we are shifting gears also. Of course we are going to be very selective, 
but we are looking at each development being that 1.5 million plus, as I 
mentioned in my response to the previous question. 
Atul Mehra: 
And henceforth like when you are looking at setting up, so is the template going 
to be 1.5 million for all new assets that you wish to acquire or it depends on 
like, like we have done in the past phase wise development and maybe looking 
at building on assets? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
It depends on, now when we acquire land mostly the sizing is such that you 
have the ability to develop much more even, the development regulations in all 
cities have changed, the FSI available is more. But depending on the demand 
in any particular market, we will decide on the size and we will always have the 
opportunity for future expansion, which we plan for right up front. So, the new 
development in Bangalore for example, which is Mall of Asia, Pune Mall of the 
Millennium, we have also completed, we are building the mall and office at the 
same time. So earlier, we used to pre-build the mall then wait a few years. But, 
because the market is ready at these locations for the office asset class, we 
have decided to go ahead upfront. So, it’s going to be customized, but the 
sweet spot for retail in tier one is definitely about a million and a half. But 
depending on for example, if we look at a smaller town, we may not choose to 

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
build a million half upfront, we may build only 800,000 and then keep a second 
phase development potential. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand 
Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sir, just if could talk about the Indore asset in detail because in terms of trading 
density seems to be a not there, generally when I compare with most of the 
other assets that we have and most of these assets would be closer to Rs. 
1,000 sort of number on trading densities side like Lucknow and recently 
commissioned Pune and all. But this is closer to Rs. 600 odd so are we happy 
with this number or is it is in line with your expectation or it’s slightly lagging 
your expectation?  
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Okay. I would think that overall, what we have underwritten when we acquired 
this land in terms of rental income, we are probably there already, almost there. 
In terms of trading density Rs.600 per square foot per month you are right. But 
then we must also understand that the retailers’ cost is lower because rentals 
are lower. So, if you look at the occupancy cost compared to a mall which is at 
Rs. 2,000- Rs.2,300 trading density compared to Indore which is at Rs. 600, 
their occupancy cost is much lower. That yes, there is a lot of effort to be put 
into it’s already established, I would say as a great destination. But we have to 
put in a lot more effort into bringing in great F&B options and driving other 
marketing activities, etc. to drive the right profile of the customer there. Rent is 
averaging as I mentioned earlier, at this mall at about Rs. 79 per sq. ft., all the 
other malls are averaging at about Rs.150 per sq. ft. or even higher. So, for 
our model, what we have spent in acquisition and the incremental cost of 
construction at Rs. 750 crores, we are already at an EBITDA of about Rs.85-
Rs.86 crores for the year, it is 11% yield. And we are quite confident it will take 
maybe it will take another two quarters for our strategy to play out and for 
consumption to start growing here.  
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. And in terms of monthly rental rate that you are charging and I agree it’s 
lower than some of these other malls but, if I were to look at from so eventually 
when I look at a retailer they tend to have their cost structures in place and how 
much do they intend to share with you in terms of CAM and rental rate. And, 
what would you believe is the ideal number for these and for example for Indore 
it works out to be 20% odd sort of number. Palladium I can understand it’s a 
destination of course people will be willing to pay more than 20%, 25% Just to 
be able to have presence there. But generally speaking, whenever you are 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
evaluating what sort of number do you tend to bake in into your estimates to 
understand whether the mall would find take or not? 
Varun Parwal: 
Hi Prem, Varun this side. So, the question on Indore, one thing that does not 
come out when you look at a retail mall is the tenant mix that you have with 
each center. So, Indore, for example has today lower anchor area than what 
you would see even in Kurla or Pune or Bangalore and that has been a very 
conscious strategy, driving more in line centers and creating more space for 
F&B and family entertainment centers, which actually drives a stickier profile 
of the grade A consumers that we are targeting. And because the anchor area 
is lower in area in Indore, cost of occupancy can actually be higher than what 
you may see for established centers like a Phoenix MarketCity in Bangalore or 
Pune or Chennai which are at about 13% - 14% rent to consumption.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Agrawal from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Agrawal: 
My first question is, we talked about tier one malls. So just for your expansion 
in tier one metro cities, we have so far taken the greenfield route for 
constructing new malls, but for given the land availability issue, would you be 
open to or have you considered exploring the brownfield or acquiring existing 
malls and turning them around. And would your valuation expectations be very 
different when you are acquiring a brownfield mall, so, that’s my first question. 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Yes, generally we look at greenfield developments, resulting in a stabilized 
yield. Let’s say in the third year or fourth year of operation, we look at trying to 
be closer to 18%, 19% kind of yield on cost. So that’s where we find the real 
value for us. Buying operational malls - the opportunities are very, very few 
because there aren’t too many great malls that meet our specs for us to 
acquire. We are always open to acquiring brownfield assets. With brownfield 
assets also our experience with let’s say Lucknow has been fantastic when we 
acquired it at a great price, and we were able to take it to completion in a very 
short span of time and make the mall operational. So, we are open to 
brownfield and greenfield is clearly what we do. Operating malls, as I 
mentioned, there aren’t too many assets that we can look to buy, the ones 
which were available for sale have already been purchased by several of the 
funds, as you know the REITs. And the returns are very, very low. So that’s 
really not our principal strategy. 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Mohit Agrawal: 
Okay, understood that’s clear. And secondly, on the commercial bid, you gave 
timelines on the completion. So, between Bangalore, Millennium Towers and 
Chennai, in the next six months we have almost roughly about 1.5 to 2 million 
square feet of space coming up. What is the leasing pipeline looking like in 
these assets? 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
So, this is about 1.6 million square feet. We have started soft leasing at Asia 
Towers Bangalore, and we have there has been a lot of interest we have seen, 
despite North Bangalore being a slightly soft market we have seen a lot of 
inquiries and interest in this asset. We will see great traction as we get our OC 
in place in the coming months. At Pune Millennium Towers and Chennai, we 
have not yet started leasing, but we have started inviting potential leads and 
again, I would say there’s a reasonably good inbound interest from a lot of 
tenants in both these markets. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As that was the last question. On behalf of The Phoenix Mills 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
