CRISIL Limited 
Corporate Identity Number: L67120MH1987PLC042363 
Registered Office: CRISIL House, Central Avenue, Hiranandani Business Park, Powai, Mumbai - 400076.  Phone: +91 22 3342 3000  |  Fax: +91 22 3342 3001 
www.crisil.com 
 April 24, 2024 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001 
Dear Sirs, 
Sub.: Analyst Call Transcript 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosing herewith transcripts of the Analyst Call held on Friday, 
April 
19, 
2024. 
The 
transcripts 
are 
also 
available 
on 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://www.crisil.com/en/home/investors/analyst-hub.html. 
Kindly take this communication on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For CRISIL Limited 
Minal Bhosale 
Company Secretary 
ACS 12999 
MINAL 
AMIT 
BHOSALE
Digitally signed 
by MINAL AMIT 
BHOSALE 
Date: 
2024.04.24 
16:55:14 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
“CRISIL Limited 
 
Analyst Conference Call” 
April 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Amish Mehta  
 
 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer – CRISIL Limited 
 
Mr. Sanjay Chakravarti 
 
President and Chief Financial Officer – CRISIL Limited 
 
 
Mr. Gurpreet Chhatwal 
 
Managing Director – CRISIL Ratings Limited 
 
 
Mr. Ashish Vora 
 
President and Business Head – CRISIL Market Intelligence and 
Analytics 
 
 
Mr. Duncan Mccredie 
 
President and Head – CRISIL Global Benchmarking Analytics 
 
 
Mr. Jan Larsen  
 
President and Head – CRISIL Global Research and Risk 
Solutions 
 
 
Mr. Subodh Rai  
 
President, Risk and Compliance – CRISIL Limited 
 

 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and a warm welcome to CRISIL's Analyst Call 2024. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Before we start, as a standard 
disclaimer from CRISIL, we would like to state that certain forward-looking statements 
during our interaction today are based on the current understanding of the company 
profile and market conditions. These are subject to change based on changing policies 
of company and macro environment. 
 
The company does not undertake to update the forward-looking statements or other 
information contained in the presentation, whether as a result of new information, future 
events, or otherwise. As a policy company refrains from giving specific and quantitative 
guidance on its future performance. Further, in the interest of fair disclosures to 
investors, operational details relating to specific business segments, customer 
contracts will not be possible to be disclosed. 
 
I would now like to introduce you to the speakers of the call today. Amish Mehta, 
Managing Director and CEO, CRISIL Ltd. Sanjay Chakravarti, President and CFO, 
CRISIL Ltd. Gurpreet Chhatwal, Managing Director, CRISIL Ratings Ltd. Ashish Vora, 
President and Business Head, CRISIL Market Intelligence and Analytics. Duncan 
McCredie, President and Head, CRISIL Global Benchmarking Analytics. 
 
Jan Larsen, President and Head, CRISIL Global Research and Risk Solutions. Subodh 
Rai, President, Risk and Compliance. Let me now hand over the call to Mr. Amish Mehta 
to commence the proceedings. Over to you, sir.  
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to each one of you. 
Trust you are all doing well. I am pleased to share that during 2023 and in the first 
quarter of 2024, we demonstrated resilience and created significant impact through our 
work and sustainability efforts for our stakeholders in line with our strategy and the 
mission, in line with our strategy of making markets function better. The trinity of 
integrity, insight and impact give us a winning edge in the market. We operate in 12 
countries and CRISIL's family is now a 4,600 strong plus employee base. 
 
We recently set up a delivery center in Bogota, Colombia for our North American clients, 
which has augmented our global delivery model. People are our biggest and most 
important IP, and we take pride in our people-first culture, where diversity, equity and 
inclusion form the bedrock as underscored by our global workforce, comprising 39% 
women and 40 nationalities. We continue to invest in talent to make us future ready and 
encourage our colleagues to think entrepreneurial. 

 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Our focused efforts have led us to multiple recognitions in various forums. CRISIL has 
been certified as a great place to work for the fourth year in a row and named among 
the 100 best companies for women in India. We are recognized as a bronze category 
employer by the India Workplace Equality Index. 
 
In a testimony to our innovation, we were named in the top 50 of the Chartis' 
RiskTech100® for 2024 and won in the model validation category for the second 
consecutive year.  
Let me now share our perspective on the macro economy. The global economy 
remained resilient in calendar year 2023, and only a mild moderation is expected in 
2024, according to the latest outlook by S&P Global in March.  
 
A soft landing is the base case for the global economy in calendar year 2024, with 3.2% 
GDP growth compared with 3.4% in calendar year 2023. Geopolitics, including a spate 
of elections in 64 countries, pose downside risks to the outlook. Given this context, we 
believe that following will be the key trends in 2024. 
 
We see the global banks turning cautious with delayed discretionary spending while 
they continue to focus on operational efficiencies, regulatory compliance, and business 
transformation. Increased volatility due to macro uncertainties translates to a greater 
need for enhanced value and actionable insights from our benchmarking solutions. We 
see continued traction in the private capital market. 
 
We are seeing active dialogue around the possibility of leveraging Gen AI across 
industries, and we continue to explore ways in which we can enhance our client 
offerings and internal workflows through the use of Gen AI.  
Coming to the domestic environment, the momentum in India's GDP growth continues 
to be good, underscoring the country's growth potential. India's growth has been 
investment-driven, largely with private consumption trailing overall GDP. 
 
Healthy private consumption is vital for balanced and sustainable growth will remain 
monitorable. CRISIL expects India's GDP to grow at 6.8%, making it once again the 
fastest-growing large economy in fiscal 2025. Corporate bond issuances grew 9% on 
year in the quarter, ended 31st March 2024, versus 28% for full year 2023. 
 
Bank credit growth was 16.5% driven by demand from retail and services sectors, large 
corporate credit growth was tepid at 6.6%. Overall, the medium-term growth prospects 
for India are expected to be healthy, thanks to strengthened corporate balance sheets, 
a robust banking system, government's capex focus, and broad basing of private 
investments.  
Our businesses displayed strong growth in 2023, and momentum continued in the first 
quarter amid market uncertainties. Thanks to our differentiated positioning, global talent 
pool, and our portfolio of IP-led services, we continued to add new clients across our 
businesses and recorded increase in our already strong net promoter score from last 

 
Page 4 of 22 
year. CRISIL ratings consolidated its market leadership position with healthy revenue 
growth during the quarter, given the investor preference for best-in-class ratings. Our 
Global Analytical Center continues to strengthen its support to S&P Global in newer 
areas. 
 
The research, analytics, and solutions segments saw traction in credit, risk, data and 
analytics, and consulting offerings for MIA. Our global businesses saw the impact of 
slowdown in discretionary spending by global financial institutions. The GRRS business 
witnessed momentum in lending solutions and regulatory support, and the business 
added new logos during the quarter. 
 
The GBA continued – the benchmarking business continued to strengthen client 
engagement through new benchmarking solutions. We remain committed to delivering 
value to all our stakeholders for investments in digital technology, digital capabilities, 
talent, and new solutions. And our franchise activities continued well during the quarter. 
 
We hosted the flagship India Outlook Seminar 2024 and released the India Outlook 
Report. Our businesses released thought-leading insights and reports and hosted 
webinars on pertinent topics across sectors. Our CRISIL Foundation celebrated 10 
years in 2023, and our Global Analytical Center celebrated 20 years of partnership with 
S&P Global Ratings. 
 
Our foundation continues to drive impactful work and meaningful, positive social and 
environmental change through many engagements and initiatives, especially towards 
women empowerment and environment conservation. Our colleagues will share a lot 
more detail around the individual businesses, and I'm handing over to Sanjay to walk 
you through the financial performance in detail. We'll be happy to take questions once 
we share our story. 
 
Over to you, Sanjay.  
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Thank you, Amish. I'm on slide 12, where we have the financial performance of 2023 
and first quarter of 2024. Let me start with the financial results of 2023. 
 
Revenue growth for 2023 has been robust at 13.4%, with both our business segments 
registering growth, double-digit growth, in fact, and all our businesses in both the 
segments registering growth in the year 2023. With expenses growing at a lesser pace, 
roughly around 10% for the year, 2023 saw PBT growing by almost 17% and PAT 
growing at more or less the same rate at 16.7%. When we come to the first quarter of 
2024, the quarter did see revenue growth momentum continuing in the rating segment. 
However, it was offset by slower performance in one of our global businesses in the 
research analytics and solutions segment. 
 
The quarter grew by 3.2% in spite of coming off a strong base of Q1 2023, when 
revenue had actually grown by 20.2% last year in the first quarter of 2023. While PBT 
was flattish for the quarter as compared to last year, when we look at PAT, PAT has 
de-grown by 5.5%, and that is essentially because of increase in the tax rates after the 

 
Page 5 of 22 
1st quarter last year in one of the ex-India jurisdictions. That is a summary of the 
financials of 2023 and the first quarter of 2024. 
 
Even as we go into the Q&A at a later point of time during this call, questions from all 
of you will be more than welcome. I now hand over to Gurpreet for the ratings section. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thank you, Sanjay. I will take you through the segmental performance for ratings for 
Q1 2024 as well as CY 2023. On this slide, I think we are seeing the two main drivers 
of the revenue pools for the rating agencies in India. 
I think the first is the corporate bond market and the other is the bank credit crop. Let 
me talk about them. So, we are witnessing a growth of about 9% or we witnessed about 
9% in the first quarter of 2024. This was on a high base of last year. Last year, we did 
see a very strong growth in the corporate bond market in H1 2023, followed by a 
marginal decline in the second half of 2023 as the interest rates increased in the second 
half. 
The issuers and the capital market investors are awaiting a decisive turnaround in the 
interest rate outlook for the market to pick up in the coming year. Bank credit, on the 
other hand, clocked robust, about 6.3% growth by the end of Q1 2024, supported by 
growth in credit towards retail and service sectors. However, the growth in credit 
towards large corporates remained lacklustre with about 6.6% Y-o-Y growth by the end 
of the first quarter of 2024. The segments of bank credit that are of relevance to us grew 
well in last year as well as the first quarter are the services space, which is basically 
NBFC growth infrastructure and mid-corporates. 
The CRISIL Ratings estimates that the growth rate for bank credit and NBFC sector 
took about 14% and 15%-17% respectively in the financial year 2025. So we anticipate 
that the capital market issuances are likely to remain sluggish in the near-term due to 
the prevailing high interest rate conditions. We anticipate the capital market issuances 
will revive in the second half of the calendar 2024 with softening interest rates and 
gradual revival of private sector capex. 
So let's move to the next slide. We are on slide 15 now. On this slide, you see a 
segmental performance for 2023 as well as Q1 2024 for the rating segment. The 
domestic ratings revenue benefited from a strong bond market in H1 2023 as we talked 
about and continued growth in the mid-corporates in the year 2023. We saw good bank 
limit growth in our mid-market customers last year. In the first quarter 2024, we've seen 
roughly about 12% growth, which is largely coming from surveillance fee as well as new 
rating revenues from mid-corporates. 
We continued our focus on client engagement initiatives and strengthened our 
leadership leading position and the share of voice in the Indian media amongst the 
domestic rating agencies with our part leadership publications and webinars. Global 
analytical centers saw robust surveillance work delegation from S&P global rating 

 
Page 6 of 22 
services. Overall, the rating segment grew by about 8.4% on here in the quarter. Thank 
you. Over to you, Ashish. 
Ashish Vora: 
Thanks, Gurpreet. Good evening, everyone. I'm Ashish Vora and I lead the Market 
Intelligence and Analytics business at CRISIL. Between me and my colleagues, Duncan 
and Jan, we will walk you through the segment performance for Research, Analytics 
and Solutions. 
I am now on slide 17 of the presentation. As stated by Amish, we believe the India 
growth story remains positive. I will now talk about some of the underlying factors that 
are drivers for the Market Intelligence and Analytics business, such as loan growth, 
financialization of savings and capital formation. 
The asset quality of banks continues to improve due to lower slippages, lower write-offs 
backed by comfortable capitalization and improved efficiencies in recovery process. For 
instance, as you can see on the slide, the GNPAs have come down sharply from about 
5.9% in 2022 to about 2.9% in 2024 or in the current fiscal. Healthy bank balance sheets 
and low credit losses have enabled banks to plan strategies to gain or protect market 
share, lend more to infrastructure, to the SME segment, to farmers and for household 
asset creation. 
We at CRISIL are working very closely with banks across the entire loan life cycle, right 
from opportunity identification to origination, credit assessment and risk monitoring. Our 
research insights and data directly feed into the bank's internal workflow systems and 
the up skilling solutions provided by CRISIL 1Academy are training vertical, help ramp 
up core teams and improve efficiency and efficacy. 
Banks are also looking at digitization and automation as the way to drive growth and 
operational efficiency, leading to demand for CRISIL's integrated credit platform that 
connects data, creates data marts and automates the entire credit life cycle. Similarly, 
financialization of savings and steady increase in assets under management have been 
accompanied by a higher demand for innovative products from the investor community. 
This combination has led to demand for index-linked products, need for research 
insights that help deliver alpha and for reaching customers through a digital interface. 
This has sparked demand for our services around indices, valuations, benchmarking, 
risk management offered to be delivered via a digital platform. 
I will move on to slide 18 now and we will really talk here about the healthier corporate 
balance sheets and the higher capacity utilization that we are seeing in the corporate 
sector, which is conducive for incremental capex. Capital formation is another proximate 
growth driver. We expect capital investments to fire on both cylinders over the next few 
years as both infrastructure and industrial investments are set to increase. 
In the past four years, capex in the country was primarily driven by infrastructure 
expenditure, supported by the central and the state governments. Currently, we are 
seeing industrial sectors pick up pace with investments flowing towards both 

 
Page 7 of 22 
conventional and the emerging sectors. In parallel, infrastructure capex is maintaining 
its growth momentum. 
On the infrastructure side, we continue to build on our strong franchise, working with all 
the key stakeholders, the implementing or the nodal agencies, the infrastructure 
companies and the tenderers, as well as the investors. Within the industrial capex, 
healthy corporate balance sheets and decadal high utilization rates across most sectors 
are driving capital investments in traditional sectors. 
For example, the net EBITDA, for instance, the net debt to EBITDA was at 1.9x at the 
end of fiscal 23, down sharply from about 2.8x about three years back. And as you can 
see on the capacity utilization slide, capacity utilizations are trending upwards of 70-
odd percent down. On the other hand, policy interventions such as the PLI scheme are 
helping bring in large scale investments in emerging sectors, such as electronics and 
semiconductors, solar PV modules and EVs. 
We expect about INR1.82 lakh crores of PLI incentives to be paid across 14 sectors to 
generate revenues of close to INR30 lakh crores and capital spending of INR3.2 lakh 
crores for these particular initiatives. Emerging sectors are expected to account for 
about a fifth of the total industrial investments over the next four years. We are building 
data and analytics capabilities in these new sectors to be able to help both corporates 
as well as financial institutions make the right investment decisions in these growth 
areas. In fact, the theme of our flagship event, the India Outlook that Amish referred to 
at the beginning of the call that happened in March this year was the emerging sectors, 
the three E's, electronics, EVs and energy transition. 
The insights from the event covering India's current presence in the value chain, 
investment opportunities, global comparison and policy interventions were all well 
appreciated by the Senior Leaders across the industry. 
I will now hand over to Duncan to share the updates on the GBA business. 
Duncan McCredie: 
Thank you, Ashish. Hello, my name is Duncan McCredie. I joined the company in July 
last year and I lead the Global Benchmarking and Analytics business. So firstly, I want 
to thank you all for your time and to highlight what a pleasure it is to join CRISIL at this 
very exciting time for the company. To help contextualize the operating environment for 
our international businesses with slide 19 of the analyst presentation for background, I 
want to highlight that the revenue pools for global banks' CIB divisions has largely 
stagnated over the past year after a decline from 2021 to 2022. We do, however, 
anticipate a modest recovery in this area into 2024, but the regulatory environment and 
broader inflationary trends have put pressure on banks' profitability in 2022 and 2023. 
This has in turn increased the bank's focus on controlling discretionary spending. With 
that background, now referring to slide 20 of the analyst presentation, we have still 
managed to generate strong progress on the two key pillars of our strategy in the Global 
Benchmarking and Analytics division. We've increased our penetration with the global 

 
Page 8 of 22 
index banks through 2023, both in the existing offerings and the deployment of new 
initiatives. 
For example, Q2, one of our flagship new benchmarking offerings created from the 
combination of Coalition and Greenwich products, has gained material traction through 
2023, facilitated by the ongoing digitization of our end-to-end processes. We've also 
seen success in expanding our offerings into Tier 2 and commercial banks globally, 
which presents a material growth opportunity over time. These pillars have together 
allowed us to deliver double-digit revenue growth in 2023. 
These trends have continued into the first quarter of 2024 with strong momentum across 
both global index banks and regional players. Our digital transformation is now having 
a tangible impact on our ability to deliver our analytics through digital channels to our 
clients and increasing the pace of development of our new offerings. Overall, we've 
seen a strong performance in 2023, laying a foundation for continued growth. 
I will now hand over to Jan Larsen, who will take you through the highlights of the GRRS 
business. Over to you, Jan. 
Jan Larsen: 
Thanks, Duncan. Good afternoon. I am Jan Larsen. I head the Global Risk and 
Research Solutions business at CRISIL, which we often refer to as GRRS. I am on slide 
20 of the presentation. The global macroeconomic solution situation remained complex 
in 2023. 
World growth was higher than expected, and inflation, despite peaking, was above 
target for many central banks. The operating environment was characterized by the 
failure of a few regional banks in the US and the consolidation of a large European 
bank. The GRRS business witnessed robust performance in 2023 despite these 
headwinds. 
The risk and analytics business saw increased client engagement in areas such as 
regulatory compliance and reporting, targeted review of internal models, stress testing 
initiatives, and lending solutions, leading to wins with existing and new clients. 
Traditional sell-side research faced cost-cutting pressures amid headwinds driven by 
factors such as a challenging deal environment, regional banking crises, inflationary 
pressures, recessionary concerns, and ongoing budget pressure. But on the buy side, 
strong traction was seen in research and operations, accompanied by a resurgence in 
demand from traditional asset managers across asset classes. 
There was sustained demand for ESG integration and monitoring services. Overall, the 
business added 29 new logos in 2023. While we saw the impact of curtailed 
discretionary spending in the first quarter of 2024, to maximize revenue in the current 
year and to build a broader revenue base for the future, we have amplified our focus on 
getting into new buying centers and existing accounts. 
We have a disciplined program of outreach to key stakeholders in our current small to 
mid-sized accounts with early success stories in the first quarter. In the first quarter of 

 
Page 9 of 22 
the year, we also continued to see the momentum of new logo additions, including 
adding a large asset manager into our client portfolio. We also continue to focus on 
expanding our reach to Tier 2 and Tier 3 institutions through our partnership channels. 
We are using Gen AI, Traditional AI, and Machine Learning techniques to develop new 
offerings as well as to create efficiencies in the delivery of our core services. Overall, 
the Risk, Analytics, and Solutions segment demonstrated strong growth in 2023. In the 
first quarter of 2024, we saw some softness due to the impact of the slowdown in 
discretionary spending. 
Over to you, Subodh. 
Subodh Rai: 
Thanks, Jan, and good evening to everyone. We are on slide 26 now. In this slide, we 
have summarized the key risks we foresee for our businesses. Let me commence with 
the geopolitical and market environment. Last year, the effect of higher interest rates 
resulted in growth slowdown in major economies, with the notable exception of the US 
and India. As we head into 2024, major central banks across the world appear on the 
verge of loosening their monetary policies by varying degrees. 
However, geopolitical headwinds are becoming stronger due to the ongoing war 
between Israel and Hamas, which has also led to Red Sea crisis affecting one of the 
busiest transport corridors in the world. Escalating conflict between Iran and Israel has 
further heightened the regional tensions and raised the fear of Israel-Hamas conflict 
spiraling into much wider war. Continued war in Europe is also adding to the uncertainty. 
Additionally, this year has another geopolitical risk in the form of elections in more than 
60 countries, including India and US. The outcome of these elections has potential to 
impact global business sentiments. In such an uncertain economic environment, we are 
witnessing some of our clients turning more cautious and prolonging their decision-
making cycles. 
Now coming to cyber risk, the threat perception continues to remain very high as threat 
actors are becoming more sophisticated.  
As you are aware, a substantial portion of our earnings are denominated in foreign 
currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates tend to affect us both ways. 
While CRISIL has deployed an appropriate hedging strategy, any sharp volatility in the 
currency moments remain a key risk to our global businesses. Lastly, I will talk about 
the risk emanating from large-scale deployment of Gen AI across the globe. While AI, 
ML-driven solutions have been in use in the financial sector for a very long time, their 
applications were limited to specific tasks only. 
The rapid rise of Gen AI has expanded the scope of its application, and for the first time, 
several knowledge work categories, which are presently manual in nature, are 
potentially within its reach. While the pace of adoption among our clients is relatively 

 
Page 10 of 22 
slow, the nature of our flagship businesses is intellectual property-driven. We continue 
to monitor the space closely. 
On the positive side, Gen AI also presents potential business opportunities for CRISIL. 
Therefore, we are also working towards large-scale adoption of Gen AI within CRISIL 
to drive efficiency gains and explore new business opportunities. 
With this, we conclude our presentation. And now, I will hand it back to Amish. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thanks, Subodh. So, I think, you know, as you heard all of us speak clearly, you know, 
the geopolitical environment, what happened in the global banking environment last 
year, and the strong growth momentum in India, the resilience of the US economy, 
clearly demonstrates that the underlying business, based on the environment that we 
operate in, I think, remains resilient. There have been some challenges in terms of the 
decision-making of some of the global banking clients with what they are facing in terms 
of challenges. 
We have seen that in the slowdown of discretionary spends, which has had potential 
impact on our global businesses. But we see momentum in terms of the products and 
solutions, the offerings that we have, the dialogue that we have with our clients, and the 
wide spaces that we look at, the connects that we do with our key stakeholders. If you 
look at all the conversations, I think the underlying business continues to be robust, and 
we are excited about the growth strategy that we have looked at, put in place. 
So, with that, I'm happy to open up for questions-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We would now like to open the floor for questions. The first question is 
from the line of Harsh Shah from HSBC Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes, good evening, gentlemen. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a few questions on 
Q1 results, and then I have a couple of questions on an overall strategy basis. That Q1, 
you had a heavy quarter last year, and because of which this quarter was a bit benign. 
On top of that, is there any slowdown that is being witnessed in this quarter, which has 
also led to a little bit of comparatively sluggish numbers? And if yes, will that slowdown 
also persist in terms of numbers throughout the calendar year '24 also? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, I think, like I mentioned, Harsh, that in the global environment, we are seeing some 
slower decision-making and impact on discretionary spend by our global financial 
clients, which has had an impact during the quarter. And I think we will continue to see 
that play out for the next few months or depending on when the decision-making cycle 
turns around for discretionary spend. 
But to address that from our perspective, I think we have put a strategy in place to look 
at the white spaces, to reach out to stakeholders, identify areas of opportunity on the 
risk regulatory side, data analytics, sustainability, private markets, and create new 
offering and solutions, which we try to meet up with our existing stakeholders within the 
banks as well as the new stakeholders that we are looking at and new clients. So, there 

 
Page 11 of 22 
is a plan that we have put in place. So, I think those are some of the actions that we are 
putting in place to help address the challenge which might be there in the environment, 
given the impact on discretionary spend by some of our global clients. 
Moderator: 
The line for the current questioner seems to have dropped from the queue. So, we will 
move on to the next question. The next question is from the line of Nirali Gopani. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is on the research division. So, if we 
see last few quarters, the margins have been very volatile, ranging from 18% to 24%. 
And this quarter, it was around 16%. So, what should we consider as a steady-state 
margin when it comes to the research services? 
Amish Mehta: 
I think, Nirali, you should always look at the annual margin, not look at quarterly margins. 
So, from our perspective as an organization, our focus is to grow margins across all our 
businesses on a consistent basis. I think that is where we continue to focus. We 
continue to build our IP. We continue to build our domain solutions, working with our 
clients to create that impact. 
So, I would request you to look at the annual margin numbers and not look at the 
quarterly numbers because there would be various aspects which are sitting in quarterly 
numbers. I think it is always better to look at the annual margin profile. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Okay. And you have talked about this global uncertainty and we all know what is going 
on globally. So, given the situation, should we expect some growth in the research 
division in this calendar year or maybe next calendar year? Some outlook would be 
helpful. 
Amish Mehta: 
 
I think we do not give any forward-looking outlook, Nirali, as you are aware. 
Nirali Gopani: 
I do not want anything quantitatively. Any qualitatively, if you can talk about it, it would 
be helpful. 
Amish Mehta: 
I think it is very clear. Our endeavor is to grow as an organization across all our business 
segments in all geographies that we operate. I mean, we are very focused on driving 
growth, on accelerating growth and that is what we will be focused on. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from HSBC Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes, sorry. My line got dropped. I hope I am audible right now. 
Amish Mehta: 
Yes, Harsh. We can hear you. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. So, just to the previous participant's question, I was alluding to that also earlier 
that barring quarter-to-quarter, you always mentioned that we should look at the 

 
Page 12 of 22 
company on a yearly basis and also exhaust global slowdown. Do we have enough 
arsenal at our disposal that we can have a double-digit growth and also margin 
improvement on a full year basis? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, Harsh, I just mentioned some time back that we do not discuss forward-looking 
outlooks. So, I will not be able to comment on that. However, I mentioned that as an 
organization, our focus is to drive growth and continuously improve margins. So, that is 
something that we will continue to work as an organization. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And just as an organization, do we have a correlation of how a sector, let's say 
BFSI, IT spends are there versus how the discretionary spends of those financial 
institutions also have with CRISIL because few of the IT companies are saying that 
financial year 2025 for BFSI globally should be better for them than financial year 2024. 
Amish Mehta: 
So, the spend of global institutions on CRISIL as a percentage will be miniscule 
compared to what they would spend on the large IT companies. And if you look at the 
number of global institutions that I think we can potentially work with is pretty large. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. And the last question from mind is in terms of ESG rating license, where 
are we and at what stage we are? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, we have applied for the license as we have disclosed publicly and we are awaiting 
feedback from SEBI on the next steps. 
Harsh Shah: 
And is there a deadline for that before that date SEBI has to inform everybody? 
Amish Mehta: 
No, there is no deadline as we understand. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. That's it from myself. Thank you and all the very best for CY '24. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Yes. Thank you for this opportunity. Two questions. One is the merger with IHS Markit 
has been for some time. Now, in terms of opportunities, in terms of outsourcing, could 
you just help elaborate what is the opportunity as the journey yet started or there's not 
much there to look forward to? That's question number one. 
Amish Mehta: 
So, you are asking about the merger of IHS Markit with S&P Global, I'm assuming? 
Anuj Sharma: 
That's right. 
Amish Mehta: 
So, I think as you would be aware that there is a large footprint which IHS Markit and 
S&P Global have in India beyond CRISIL, right? And I think we continue to look for 
opportunities as CRISIL. So, we work very closely with the S&P Global Ratings. We 

 
Page 13 of 22 
have a captive which is the Global Analytical Center where we are working very closely 
with the S&P Global Ratings business. 
We are looking for opportunities to partner with different divisions of S&P Global and 
identify opportunities where we can partner based on the capabilities that we have. And 
that's something that we are wanting to grow in terms of business. So, that is something 
that we are continuously evaluating and working on. We have had some success in 
some of the businesses and I think that's something that we will continuously evaluate. 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. But would it be fair to say that a large portion of opportunity will flow down to 
the captive which is beyond CRISIL and has it started already flowing through or you 
believe that will be equally divided between the two entities? 
Amish Mehta: 
No. So, I am unable to comment on the strategy of IHS Markit. I can only comment 
about CRISIL. And our dialogue across the organization beyond S&P Global Ratings is 
to evaluate based on the capabilities that we have and see how we can leverage, how 
we can demonstrate value for the stakeholders and be able to leverage the value. 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. And my second question is, it's always been a competitive market. But what 
are the trends in pricing and yields in the Ratings segment? Just some thoughts into 
that segment? 
Management: 
Yes. I mean, Ratings has been a competitive market throughout. So, I guess it isn't very 
different. That's, I mean, I'm not sure what you are exactly asking for. 
Anuj Sharma: 
I'm trying to understand since the pricing was very competitive due to some stability and 
improvement in the size of market. Are we able to see some pricing power along with 
the competitors? 
Gurpreet Chatwal: 
So, okay. So, if the question is, yes, in a growing market, there is enough pie for 
everybody. So, I think what we've seen, we saw a couple of very difficult years after the 
IL&FS and the DHFL incidents. Incidentally, we didn't rate both of them. But I think that 
they were tough for the market. The last few years, we've seen growth in the industry 
across. So, that has kind of created enough opportunities for everybody. 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. But if I may push on, is it the benefit is slowing down to the yields and pricing 
or it is just volume as yet? 
Gurpreet Chatwal: 
I think it's difficult sometimes to strip that out because you work with existing customers. 
Obviously, there is an operating leverage there and there are new customers coming 
in. But I would say when the market grows, I think it helps both sides. 
Anuj Sharma: 
All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naysar Parikh from Native Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 14 of 22 
Naysar Parikh: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question. First was I want to understand for last year, 
could you help with the split in the Ratings segment between bonds, bank, and bonds 
directionally if you want to split? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
We don't give a segmental split, sub-segmental split of our businesses within a 
segment, Naysar. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
It's actually not also easy to do it. I mean, typically, you will have – I mean, some of it is 
issue-based pricing, some of it is pricing, which is bulk. So, people will shift between 
bond and capital market and sometimes – I mean, it is not easy for us to put that out. 
Ourselves as well. I mean, I'm not saying that from public domain, but internally also, if 
you divide it, it is – we can argue it's best in apportionment process, but usually, 
sometimes I'm not able to make that differentiation. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
If you're asking about GAC, Naysar, if you look at the 2023 annual report, you will see 
that GAC's related party transactions are separately listed, and that comes to roughly 
around 10%-odd of our total consolidated turnover of the company, that is available for 
you in our annual report. 
Naysar Parikh: 
No, no, that – Yes, that is that. No, that's fair. Okay. Second question was, in terms of 
the margins, and you spoke about, it a bit, but can you just give some more directional, 
sense, like, are we face there some kind of margin pressure that we are facing on the 
research side? And secondly, can you give split bit of the employees between how 
many are in India versus outside? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
We do not give a headcount split, Naysar, but about the bulk of our employees, 75% to 
80% of our employees are in India. We do not give a business-wide or segment-wide 
split. As far as margins are concerned, again, I think Amish alluded to this, that by one 
quarter on margins will not be reflective or in any way symptomatic of the underlying 
potential of the health of the business. 
 
If you look at the way we performed in '22, – the research segment had 21% on margins. 
We were at, again, a 21% margin in '23. The idea across all our businesses and our 
segments is to have revenue growth along with margin expansion. There will be cycles 
in between where we will see margins getting hit, and when I say hit, I mean the 
expansion of margins might see some level of slowdown, but as an organization, as a 
board, and as a management, we are very clear that every business that we run has 
clear potential of revenue growth and margin expansion. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. And last question is, do you calculate, track your market share in the bond ratings 
or something like that? Any way there is a way for you to track what is your market 
share, and do you disclose that? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
So, the bond market, I think there are external vendors like Prime Database who kind 
of put that out, so we do track from them. The numbers, as I said, will vary based on 
quarters and on the volume set up, but on an annual basis, we typically track between 

 
Page 15 of 22 
60% to 70% is what it will move, but please understand it's a – bond market is a dual-
rated market. The denominator isn’t 100. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. And bank ratings, there's no way to track? 
Management: 
Bank ratings, bonds, you can identify bond, each bond, there's an ISN, you can, I mean, 
external agencies can do it. Bank ratings is difficult because some of the larger players 
can have multiple rating agencies and may not be exclusive for every loan they take, 
so that's difficult to track. I mean, you can estimate, but it's difficult to track. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavin Pande from Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Good evening everyone. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
So, you're sounding a bit muffled. In case if you're using the speakerphone, may we 
request you use the handset mode, please? 
Bhavin Pande: 
I hope I am clear now. 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Pande: 
So, I was just wondering, in terms, -- as we have cited in the annual report, the growth 
in terms of companies that were issuing was around 6% and the overall growth in the 
market was around 24%, 25%.  
So, for us to forecast specifically for the Ratings business, what, in your opinion, would 
drive growth? Is it that more the number of issuers and the amount of issuance that 
they're doing would keep going simultaneously or it could be either of the two? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
So, your voice was muffled a bit. But if you're asking me, how does the growth in 
revenue correlate with the bond and the bank loan market. Yes, I think there are two or 
three levers here. One broadly will be the issuance volumes which are there in the 
market on the bond side, as well as the bank loans taken or additional limits taken by 
the corporates. That's one side. 
And obviously also the multiplication is what you get as yield from that customer. And 
obviously the third lever is you may have price arrangements with certain customers 
based on because some are very large, they're based on aggregate volumes and 
doesn't really correlate with whether you do bond or bank loan. I think that's the third 
aspect. 
 
And the fourth, which I would also say, there is a good amount of surveillance revenue 
we as rating agencies contract. So that is a good proportion of our revenue which is 
independent of what's happening today in the market. 

 
Page 16 of 22 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. But sir, what does specifically hinting at was in terms of number of players and 
the quantum of issuance, do you think is it that this -- what are the total quantum is it's 
driven by a few select players or do you think that over time it is changing and more 
number of players are also contributing to the quantum that is going up? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
That's right. So, I think it isn't usually unidirectional. We've seen years where there were 
a large number of players who come to the market and the more the number of players 
who come to the market I think usually bring incremental revenue. We've seen years 
where actually the number of players has dipped.  
Over the last 2 years, we've seen increase in the number of players who are tapping 
the bond market per se. And so that has helped on that side, but on the other side, on 
the bank loan side, we've seen some of the smaller players dropping out of the market 
too. 
 
So, the overall number of companies used to rate as rating agencies put together over 
the last 5, 6 years have decreased. They stabilized about a year or two back, but until 
about 2 years back we saw numbers declining there which is the smaller companies 
were dropping out of the ratings. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. That was really helpful. And secondly, on the interest rate cycle, of course, you 
denied giving any specific guidance, but just from a perspective that even in a worst 
case scenario, we start seeing a rate cut cycle maybe a couple of quarters from now, 
would you sort of be more optimistic about this specific segment or as you cited in the 
previous remark that you would want this business sort of to be independent of the 
market cycle? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
So, market cycle in financial industry we can't be, but let me give you a perspective. 
What we get paid for, what our revenues are linked to is aggregate borrowing in the 
economy. Now, if it happens to the bond side, you have the bond market as a proxy, 
but the company needs to borrow and the bond market isn't favorable, he'll go to the 
bank and borrow. So, it isn't the fact that the interest rate cycle comes down.  
If the aggregate borrowing in the economy increases, yes, it would be accretive. With 
typically what we track is with the interest rate cycle when it comes down, we tend to 
see that companies will start favoring the bond market more than the bank loan side, 
because the bond market actually factors in the declining interest rate faster. 
And so it does for the increased interest rates too, but because it moves faster, so we 
anticipate that to pick up and bond market is usually a little bit more lucrative than the 
bank loan. So overall, yes, if the interest rate cycle turns around, our sense is that's 
probably second half of the year, we would see more activity in the bond market. 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. Wonderful, sir. And just one last thing on the Research business one could -- at 
least my understanding of the commentary that was presented in the annual report was 
that the business is mostly based around the increased regulatory requirements that 
are in the financial institutions on the tech side of things.  

 
Page 17 of 22 
But also one could see the mode that CRISIL is higher in terms of the number of 
analysts it has and the think power it has. So when you look at this business, is it more 
that is it that the regulatory requirement that would of course keep going up over time 
would be more gripping for the business or is it that the think tank that the CRISIL has 
in terms of the sectoral coverage it has will also contribute to the growth? 
Amish Mehta: 
So there are three parts to the research analytics and solutions segment out here. One 
is the domestic non-ratings research Market Intelligence and Analytics business that 
we have, where we cover the entire economy to sectors, to corporate coverage in terms 
of research solutions, consulting where we work on funds and fixed income. We support 
the asset management industry. 
So, there's a large coverage which happens. This is largely India which is a non-ratings 
business. The second part is the global benchmarking which Duncan spoke about 
where we have benchmarking for corporate investment banks, global investment 
banks, for commercial banks largely in the US and other parts of Asia and now looking 
at Europe. 
 
And the third part is working on the investment management firms where we have the 
offering of voice of customer. So, I think there are different offerings, and this is a 
combination of Coalition Greenwich that's the business where we work, and this is again 
another IP business that we have. 
The third part of the business is where we do the Global Research and Risk Solutions 
where Jan Larsen is heading that business and he spoke about it, where we do work 
across research for global buy side, sell side firms. We do work on the credit lending 
side. We do work on the risk and regulatory side which you are referring to where we 
support global clients on risk and regulatory. 
 
And we also support global clients on data analytics, sustainability, on change 
transformation, digital transformation. So, I think there are a set of solutions that we 
work on for our clients. And depending on the need from a risk and regulatory lens. If 
there are larger regulations coming in for global institutions it augurs well from our 
perspective because then the clients would need help for solutions and for analysts to 
come and help them. 
Whereas if the environment becomes benign and the regulations go down, so the 
demand for those services will go down. But for the other parts of the business that you 
are talking about, those parts of business will continue to grow, but they will then 
become largely discretionary. And I think that's where clients make calls and then look 
at tech spending. 
So, if clients are able to defer a decision for a quarter or two in a tough time, they would 
make that decision. So, I think that's the nature of the business that depending on what 
part of the solutions and business you are dealing with, the stakeholder you're dealing 
with, you will have that impact. 

 
Page 18 of 22 
Bhavin Pande: 
Okay. That was really helpful. Thank you so much, sir and good luck for the year ahead. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Bang from Aegon Life. Please 
go ahead. 
Varun Bang: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the GAC side. So, we've talked 
about some of the tailwinds in the GAC segments and I think there we are also 
expanding scope of services. So, would you say the value addition would be much 
higher in some of the newer opportunities vis-a-vis what we have been doing over the 
past many years? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, I think the nature of the work remains analytical. I think we are expanding on 
different streams of the businesses, different areas of the workflow if you were to look 
at across the different businesses that we are talking to. Within ratings itself, we have 
expanded towards different workflows, supporting the ratings business in different 
areas. 
 
The nature of the work remains analytical across this team or support on the technology 
support side. And these are the large teams that we are working on for the ratings 
division. 
Varun Bang: 
And, I mean, is there a way to know, I mean, how do we track this segment? How do 
we know if CRISIL is able to add more value, because we don't know the billing rate 
there? 
Amish Mehta: 
So here, Varun, we work on a cost-plus mark-up model which is benchmarked for the 
nature of the work that we do. Because as this is being exported so you have transfer 
pricing requirements. We have other governance requirements. So, I think this is 
something we have been working. And this is, as I said, we've done 20 years of 
partnership for GAC with S&P Global. 
 
So, if you want to ask me how we measure the fact that you have a global client like 
S&P Global with whom we have done 20 years of partnership, has grown from strength 
to strength. We have expanded across the workflows in terms of support after starting 
small. So now we support all the geographies. We support all their products from an 
analytical support perspective across on the data support side, technology support side.  
I think that, to me is the measure of success that how we have expanded across the 
different businesses that the S&P Global ratings have. So when they were entering into 
sustainability, finance, we are supporting them on that business. 
 
So I think every new business that they would enter, question is whether we are able to 
support them or no, depending on the need. I think, of course, depending on the 
regulatory requirements because these are regulated businesses. Please understand 
that ratings globally is a regulated business and there is a definition of what work can 

 
Page 19 of 22 
be outsourced, what cannot be outsourced. So, I think our endeavor is to maximize 
what can be outsourced and see, make sure that we deliver value to our clients. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay, got it. And one question on the rating side. So which are the top three sectors for 
us in the rating business? And what would be the revenue split between large corporate 
and MSME ballpark numbers if you can share? 
Amish Mehta: 
So MSME is a very small, anyway, the MSME doesn't come in ratings at all now. So, 
SME grading, if you are asking for, I think we don't classify that it's a part of the Market 
Intelligence and Analytics segment. So what sits within ratings is what we do as ratings. 
Varun Bang: 
Predominantly it is large corporate? 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
Large and mid-corporate. So, I mean, difficult to put the sector, it depends on which 
borrows, but I think the larger ones are the financial services, non-banks, banks. Infra 
has picked up over the last few years and manufacturing is a large segment, so I mean, 
it's difficult to classify. 
Amish Mehta: 
I mean, if you look at the number of companies we rate, I would say across segments 
from large conglomerates to across different segments. I think that would give you a 
perspective. 
Varun Bang: 
Okay, got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from YES Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes, hi. Good evening and thank you for giving the opportunity. My first question is on 
the GBA business. So can we comment on sustainability of growth witnessed in GBA 
business despite the challenging macro?  
And how is the business pipeline? See, I'm trying to check whether there was any 
lagged positive impact of any business one in the preceding quarter and hence Q1 
looked pretty good for us. So, if you can just give us color, whether we can sustain the 
kind of growth momentum we saw in fourth quarter? 
Duncan McCredie: 
So, the first quarter actually was pretty robust for us. We've had some the momentum 
that we saw in 2023 really has continued and the dynamic we see in our business isn't 
necessarily directly correlated to that discretionary spend trend because we can see 
some of our clients when they come under a bit more stress, they need our analytics to 
help them with their strategy to drive out of it. So the business actually has been pretty 
robust through quarter one. The business is a little bit more seasonal. And we see we 
tend to see more revenue into the back of the year, but we've we have seen a good 
quarter. 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
Rajiv, I think one of the questions you asked was, is there, if I understood it correctly, is 
there any spill over from '23 on to the first quarter of '24 driving growth? The answer is 

 
Page 20 of 22 
no. Nothing of that sort has happened. What we are also progressively trying to do is 
reduce the cyclicality in one part of the GBA business. And even as we go forward, we 
will see that cyclicality coming down. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And would it be possible to call out the service lines in GR and RS business, 
which have seen the impact of slowdown in discretionary spending? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
No, I'm afraid not. Rajiv, we don't give, as I said, we don't give a sub-segmental or 
service line breakdown. But to answer your question, and I think Amish also pointed 
this out earlier, as had Jan in his slides when he was speaking, is that, look, looking at 
one quarter to see how a business is doing or to consider that that is reflective of the 
whole year will not be correct. 
 
We have seen muted performance in that business. But I think we should look at the 
full year's performance to be able to fully understand because then the business goes 
through all its cycles of revenue and expense. And that is what will bring out the true 
potential in that business. 
 
I think it should also suffice to say that, and again, Jan alluded to it when he was talking 
about in his slide, while we are seeing some level of headwind, we are also seeing 
opportunity. And those are the opportunities, the white spaces that we have, that we 
are going after. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And wouldn't it be safe to assume that our wallet share or competitive position remains 
intact in the GR and RS segment and that there was no role of we ceding market 
position in the revenue block, right? 
Sanjay Chakravarti: 
No, our position, we still hold good. There have been certain external macro factors that 
have played a part. Our position holds good. In fact, our client stickiness continues the 
way it always has been. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
And just last question on margins, if you can just call out the levers to protect margins, 
if we were to witness an extended period of spending slowdown, what will be the levers 
that you will use to drive and protect margins? 
Amish Mehta: 
So a couple of things. One is, some of our businesses are IP businesses, where they 
have operating leverage. Some of our businesses are services businesses, where we 
look at what we are investing for new solutions, what we are investing on our 
capabilities. And there we then look for bench utilization, we look for productivity, we 
look for technology. So, there are multiple things that we will work on to try and keep 
working to improve margins, in addition to, of course, driving pricing and some of the 
other things that we will work on. 
 
And in some cases, and if you look at our past trend, you will see that there are times 
when you have to invest ahead of time, right, you are building capabilities for the future. 
Even if you don't have business in a particular quarter, if you're going to continue to 
invest for a couple of quarters, you will continue to invest in capabilities. And that's 

 
Page 21 of 22 
where your margins might see a lower number. But the moment the revenues come in, 
the margins start correcting. 
 
So, I think the endeavor is to make sure that we are focused on our utilization, focused 
on our building our capabilities for the future, focused on leveraging technology. Okay, 
and I think these are areas where we would continue to invest while driving revenue 
growth and making sure that we are doing what is right from driving productivity and 
efficiency. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Yes, Thank you for answering all my questions and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyanka Goel from Trident Capital. 
Please go ahead. Priyanka, your line is unmuted. You can proceed with your question. 
Satya Trivedi: 
Hi, thank you so much for taking my call. This is Satya Trivedi filling in for Priyanka. My 
question is slightly higher level. There is a lot of discussion around the sovereign credit 
rating of India and the need of the hour is to upgrade that rating to something which is 
more reflective of the economic reality of the country today. Now, in that context, the 
fact it's one of the, so one of the ways it is being discussed that this gap can be 
addressed or this dependency on West-based credit agencies can be reduced is to give 
more prominence to the home-grown credit agencies. And if they, if the home-grown 
credit agencies they start doing sovereign ratings, then there is almost some level of 
fairness that can be brought into the system. 
 
From a competitive positioning perspective, the fact that you are owned by S&P Global, 
and do you see this, I'm curious to hear your views on the sovereign rating issue. I'm 
curious to hear your views on how you are positioned then vis-a-vis home-grown credit 
rating agencies who can actually start doing sovereign ratings while you cannot 
because you're obviously owned by S&P Global. 
Gurpreet Chhatwal: 
I don't think it's possible for us to comment on the sovereign ratings. I think we've been 
set up as a domestic rating agency. The idea was to fulfil the need in the domestic credit 
universe to provide benchmarking. 
 
So, 1988 we set up when there was practically way less differentiation on credit and 
everybody used to get the same interest rate. I think we've made a difference. And India 
is one of the most successful domestic credit rating, has one of the most vibrant 
domestic credit rating agencies in the world. 
 
So, I think that's where we are. At this juncture, it's very difficult to talk about where the 
demand would come from, because ultimately when you set up a business, it is you 
have to look at demand, supply, etc. I think the point of time, I think it's not, it won't be 
possible for us to comment on that question. 
Satya Trivedi: 
Okay. My view would be that it would be a competitive impediment if a couple of the 
home-grown ratings agencies start doing sovereign ratings. Then we will find ourselves 

 
Page 22 of 22 
at a slightly disadvantaged positions because then these home-grown agencies would 
sort of gain more credence, gain more prominence. 
 
Is that something, and I don't expect you to answer this question to me in the public 
forum, but I'm curious if this is something that is on your radar, if this is something that 
you discuss internally, domestically, if this is something that you would discuss with 
your parents. 
Amish Mehta: 
So, ma'am, I think as a rating agency, as an organization we look at everything which 
happens within the space, whether it happens here or outside, and we will continue to 
monitor. I think that is something that as an organization, we would look at the entire 
landscape. 
Satya Trivedi: 
Okay. Fine. Thank you very much. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Hello. Good evening, everyone. Not sure if this was asked earlier. I'm sorry if it's getting 
repeated, but on the Research side, I just particularly wanted to know, has there been 
any impact of some of the large M&A deals that have happened in the sector in the past 
year and that leading to some vendor consolidation, and whether that's had, let's say, 
some sort of a one-off impact for us? 
Amish Mehta: 
So, I think we did speak around the impact from a global slowdown from a discretionary 
spend of global financial institutions. And I think the volatility last year, given some of 
the transactions which happened from an M&A perspective in the global banking 
industry, plus what happened in the U.S. in the global banking industry. So, I think all 
put together, there has been an impact in the industry on discretionary spends, and that 
has had some impact on our financials for the quarter. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got that. Amish, just to capture overall broader trends better, is it possible to give some 
sense, I mean, right now or maybe later in the future around some components of the 
research business around different scope of work or verticals or geographies, 
whichever way kind of you would want us to look at, that would be very helpful. 
Amish Mehta: 
Okay, we'll take that feedback. Abhijeet. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Thank you so much. Have a good day. 
Amish Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you, sir. That concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining 
us. You may now disconnect. 
