KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
Web : www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
May 31, 2024  
 
 
 
 
 
    KISL/CS/SE/47/2024-25 
 
The Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited  
General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544149 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: KRYSTAL 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Results Earnings Call Q4 FY24 - Transcript  
 
In continuation to our letters dated May 22,2024 and May 28, 2024, we would like to inform 
that the transcript of the Conference Call held on Tuesday, May 28, 2024, for the Audited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024, has 
been made available on the Company’s website at Krystal-Integrated-Services_Q4-FY24-
Transcript_final-1.pdf (krystal-group.com). 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Krystal Integrated Services Limited 
(Previously known as Krystal Integrated Services Private Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Stuti Maru  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership Number: A45257 
 
 
Stuti 
Kishore 
Maru
Digitally signed by Stuti Kishore Maru 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=8009, 
pseudonym=zhZQ6hXVGto8suPbOBFHaH
yHohrzaZzr, 
2.5.4.20=2b5bb3ff3181d555bf7cb3dbdbe
9c8b0727829999de6b5acc4441c89f21c42
88, postalCode=400014, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=33787e9e05dd17adb5c94c
08f992834b518b1055fd88642d14f039893
1e456a8, cn=Stuti Kishore Maru 
Date: 2024.05.31 13:20:46 +05'30'

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
 
     Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road, Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
    Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
Krystal Integrated Services Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Conference Call 
May 28, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY24 Conference 
Call of Krystal Integrated Services Limited. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the 
beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. The 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on the touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Dighe - Chief Executive Officer 
and Whole-Time Director of Krystal Integrated Services Limited for opening 
remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Thank you so much. Good afternoon everyone. I am very happy to do this call, 
which is our first call post our full year results of 31st March 2024. So I would 
like to begin by expressing my gratitude to all for taking the time out to join 
us today. And we on the call also have with us Mr. Barun Dey – who is our 
Chief Financial Officer and the team of Adfactors who are our Investor 
Relations team. It gives me immense pleasure to address you all today for the 
first time after having become public listed company as we stand on the cusp 
of a spectacular growth journey. Since this is our maiden earnings conference 
call, I would like to share a brief overview of our company and some recent 
developments too before we get into the business and financial performance. 
So just to give you a background, I am sure there are people who have read 
the documents, but I take this opportunity. Our journey began in the year 
2000. In 2000, predominantly we started our services with a single security 
services as our single product offering in the Mumbai market. If you all 
remember, this is the time when real estate was up coming here and security 
services were on demand and the promoter started this. We started off 
services to real estate sites and so on and so forth. And then, we just kept on 
progressing. Then the airports came up, the real estate came up, the BKC 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
came up and we from a single security services company, we became a full-
fledged integrated facilities management company. 
Over the subsequent years, we built a strong team of skilled workforce and a 
robust clientele and we were very happy to say that last year we had almost 
100% customer retention. We over the period of time expanded into various 
domains, but predominantly these domains were integrated facility 
management, encompassing housekeeping, sanitization, gardening, MEP 
services, waste management, pest control, etc. We kept on moving ahead 
with our security services and private security and manned guarding, we have 
kept focus independently on that as well. 
The third service that we are offering is our Staffing Solutions and Payroll 
Management. So these are payroll management and HR services that we are 
offering to some of our customers on a national level. Catering services is also 
one of our service offerings wherein we have a central kitchen and through 
which we manage corporate cafeterias and so on and so forth. So today 
through these range of services, we cater to almost all the major industries, 
whether it is pharma, manufacturing, manufacturing the entire range, 
airports, railway stations, metro infrastructure, metro Rail, Public 
administration, retail, BFSI and these are the segments. So name the industry 
and we are present with our services there. It could be either a standalone 
service or it could be a bundling of multiple service. It is very important for all 
of you to know the diverse nature of our customers, the diverse nature of our 
services. These two are exceptionally well thought out and also a great risk 
mitigation because the customer base is very diverse. So we get we are not 
subjected to only an IT or a mall or a retail. It is entirely spread out. 
I can proudly say that Krystal’s brand value is backed by the most valuable 
asset, which is our 41,000 plus onsite people. They are actually our brand 
ambassadors and over 369 customers we have today Pan India footprint in a 
true sense, with 30 branches and we service more than 2,487 locations all 
across the country. I would also want to bring to your notice, very unique 
competency that we have, we have been extremely good in rolling out large 
projects, whether they are standalone or multi-locational. So we have our 
customers which are spread out all across the single state and we manage, 
for example, district hospitals for Tamil Nadu, we manage all 98 districts, we 
manage more than 120 hospitals. So these are all large trade services, large 
trade geographies where we are now very competent to offer our services. 
Also going forward, the year gone by has been very eventful. We have crossed 
several key milestones and many initiatives have come to fruition. 
One of the most important milestones is our IPO listing process. Actually, the 
milestone started from filing our DRHP then RHP and then going to listing and 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
having a successful IPO which was subscribed to over 13 times. Krystal, 
through this listing, we raised Rs. 300 crores, about 125 was OFS and 175 was 
our fresh issue. Our objects are also very simple of the utilization of these 175 
because our business also has a simplicity about it. There is nothing complex. 
So it is a business which is very easy to understand. And out of 175 also, we 
had the objects which were very clear, some small repayment of borrowings, 
funding towards working capital requirement, CAPEX and towards new 
machinery and general corporate purposes. So it is heartening to say that we 
have received overwhelming support from our investors also and of course, 
analysts which play a very important role in this entire process and we are 
proud to be on these prestigious stock exchanges of BSE and NSE. These 
platforms will give us more exposure to the financial markets and set the 
stage for future growth. 
In terms of business development, ours it is a cyclical business. Business 
development activity goes on every day, month-on-month, year-on-year. So 
whatever we are, we have been working on say, maybe last in the last 3 years, 
4 years, 5 years continues with us or new things come up from new business 
development initiatives. Our revenue split is also very good with 70 and 30, 
70 with government and 30 with corporate. Even this year, we have achieved 
100% renewal. We have in the corporate side almost 17% of our customers in 
who give us 80% of our revenue, they are all with us since last 15 years, 18 
years like HDFC Bank, Phoenix Mills, Mumbai Airport, Hinduja Hospital, DMart 
and they have renewed even this year. And all those renewals are there for 
you to view on the sites. Some of our recent contracts were Rainbow Schools, 
Indian Oil, SK Hospitals and the three to four very critical ones were the Jipmer 
Hospital that we acquired in Pondicherry. Also, in our foray into temple 
tourism, the Mahakal Temple that we have services that we got and we have 
already made our inroads into the Ayodhya through our First Orchid Hotel, 
we are providing security services there. 
So our focus on business development is very clear. We are very aggressive in 
our business development. The idea this year and going forward also is to get 
good quality business where we can better our margin profile. We have 
excellent in-house team in terms of training, service delivery, recruitment, all 
this is going to be very useful to bring in efficiency in our services because we 
believe firmly in a services company, if we are going to be efficient in 
delivering services, we are going to add to our margins and our revenues. The 
ultimate aim is to give value, to build value to our valuable stakeholders and 
we are very vigilant in those terms and we are always very conscious. And in 
all the strategies that we make on business acquisition, the prime most thing 
on our mind is how we can do better and better in terms of whether it is our 
topline or EBITDA or our PAT margins and at the end of the day.  

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
So I am just nearing to summarize this opening speech. Overall, our aim is to 
be a partner of choice in the integrated facility management or staffing and 
payroll management or security or catering in the domain. We want to be 
good partners, we want to be a partner, we want to forge partnerships with 
our customers where customers are confident that we will make life 
convenient for them, and now that we have gone to the market. The prime 
most thing, as I told you, is to ensure that our stakeholders are, their interest 
at all times are kept in focus and we will work towards adding value to them. 
With this now, I would like to hand over to Mr. Barun Dey - our CFO, and he 
will just quickly take you through our financials. 
Barun Dey: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Now, first I will narrate our fourth quarter Q4 
Financial Year 24 performance. We reported Rs. 292.2 Cr in revenue during 
quarter 4 financial year 24 with 52% year-on-year rise. The growth was 
primarily driven by several new client additions. Our EBITDA excluding the 
other income for the quarter stands at Rs. 18.8 Cr while EBITDA margin is 6.4% 
higher by 149 bps. A change in the mix of contracts undertaken this quarter 
helped to improve the margin. Our PAT during the quarter is Rs. 15.7 Cr as 
against Rs. 9.2 Cr in the fourth quarter financial year 23. PAT margin stood at 
5.4%. EPS for the quarter is 13.58. 
Coming to the full year financial year 24 numbers, our revenue for this fiscal 
year crossed Rs. 1,000 crores mark for the first time coming in Rs. 1,026.8 Cr 
in revenue during financial year 24 at 45.1% year-on-year rise. 
The growth was driven by addition of new clients as well as more sites across 
India. Our EBITDA excluding other income for the year stands at Rs. 68.7 Cr, 
while EBITDA margin is 6.7%, a marginal decline of 35 bps. Higher raw material 
expenses incurred for two projects had a bearing on the margin. We are 
making strategic initiatives to improve operational efficiency such as 
investments in technology, robotics to curtail cost. Our PAT during this year is 
Rs. 49 Cr as against Rs. 33.8 Cr in financial year 23. PAT margin stood at 4.8%. 
EPS for this period is 42.3. The board has recommended dividend of Rs. 1.50 
paisa per equity share that is 15% of the face value of Rs. 10 each for the 
financial year 24, subject to shareholder’s approval. This is all from my side. 
We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Shriram, who is an investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Shriram: 
I just have one question. What is the proportion of non-government revenue 
for your IFM and staffing segment? 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Our revenue split, as I told is almost 70:30 and 70 has been government and 
30 has been corporate. So if you say that our non-government will be 30% of 
1,026 which is around Rs. 307.8 crores. And again, I think you had another 
question that what is the profile in staffing services, right and payroll services, 
in this almost 30% would come from staffing and payroll. With that profile, if 
you see earlier also while we went to the market, the profile of the 
configuration of staffing services, IFMS, security and catering has not changed 
more. Only in December while we disclosed that result, we added a little more 
business on our staffing side because one of our customers which is MP 
Electrical Board gave us more business. So it was organic growth. So you may 
say for in all purposes between 30% and 32% would be from the corporate 
side, specifically to the staffing and payroll. 
Shriram: 
So for both staffing and IFM, the corporate would be 30% and the government 
would be 70, right? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes, overall. 
Shriram: 
Overall, but if I were to break it up, what would be for each of those 
segments? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes. So broadly it will fall into that government category and corporate 
category. 
Shriram: 
And sir, the initial opening remarks, you mentioned that you started out as a 
Security Service Operator and then migrated to IFM business. So what was 
the thought process behind this shift of business from security to IFM, just 
trying to understand like is it more lucrative than security or what was the 
trajectory? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Now, actually, Mr. Shriram, this is a very good question, which nobody has 
asked me now, because the thought process was the fundamental for us to 
reach here. And I will explain those thought process, what happened in the 
year 2000 also, in a flashback, if you go Security Service was just transitioning 
from a watchman era to a Security Service. There were watchmen earlier and 
then there were more uniform security, much more training happened, 
grooming happened, there was a little more structure which happened in the 
security services training. And while we were guarding and providing Security 
Service to predominantly infra site, when these infrastructures actually came 
in and became buildings and commercial complex and offices, there was a big 
requirement to maintain them. And how to maintain that facility in again a 
structured way with some kind of SOP, some kind of process, some kind of 
monitoring mechanism was a big question mark because our USP through the 
security services was that we were able to source people, we were able to 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
groom them in a way, we were supposed to train them in a way. For us, it was 
only a different kind of training because sourcing we were already good at, so 
it was a different type of soft skills that we had to give them and it was a 
different kind of uniform, we had to get them through a different kind of 
training and we also evolved through this entire process. It is easy the way 
that I am explaining, but for us also it was an evolution, but the thought 
process that if you are able to source people right at the right time in the right 
quantity from the right sector, we are able to train them very fast properly 
and deploy them and maintain the absenteeism level. Then, it was just a soft 
skill that we had to train them in a different way and when all these 
infrastructure was coming up and developing Pan India, these services were 
going to be very essential because at the end of the day, these were very 
valuable assets of the developers or the owners. So in that way that was the 
main thought process that it gave us scalability, it added a service to our 
bouquet at that time which was a single service. And I think that decision at 
that time has brought us here to the listing and even this call. So I am happy 
that you asked me this question. 
Shriram: 
But going further, do you think security services can become a large 
proportion of your business? I am not asking now maybe 5 years down the 
line, do you see that or IFM would continue to be the mainstay for the core 
service for your company? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
We have independent focus on all our sectors, but even if you see the F&S 
study report and they have also said that security services has grown by about 
7%-7.5% from FY21 to FY23. And it is supposed to grow by more than 12% to 
13% from FY23 to FY28. So security services, the market is also huge and it is 
a growing market. I am very happy that as an organization we have an 
independent focus, we have an independent team handling the security 
services. So coming back to your question, in all these four services, our focus 
is going to remain constant. It is going to be independent and it has 
independent strategies. So that we continue to grow as the sector grows, the 
demand is going to just grow. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Milan Wadkar from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Milan Wadkar: 
My question is pertaining to the existing projects and the existing relationship 
we have. So are these all the existing projects profitable, earning decent 
margin or there are some loss making projects where we need to exit them 
and try to add up the new high margin projects? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
All the projects, whether it is government or corporate, we have a certain 
process where we go and acquire business and there are 3-4 departments 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
which are involved in that. And I just want to touch upon the process of 
business acquisition, so that I am able to answer your question in a very nice 
way. And as I was saying it is a continuous process, so whether it is corporate 
or government business, there is a basic evaluation happens even before the 
proposal has been sent, even at the time of the survey and when we send this 
proposal, there is a lot of working that happens before. There is the service 
delivery team which comes into picture. Whether, what is the geography of 
the site where we have to deploy, what are the dynamics in that state that 
geography, the service delivery team has to be very sure in terms of their 
costing, then the Supply Chain Logistics Department comes into play. So 
whether there are machines, materials, then what are the dynamics, finance 
accounts, the taxation angles, so on and so forth and at the end of the day, 
the training and recruitment. So it is a consolidated effort. It is not a decision 
of one single person to go ahead and acquire a business in any pressure. So 
therefore, these are all thought out business and therefore fortunately, while 
I am doing this call, we have no business here, which is a loss making business 
which we have to do away with and we have to replace with another. So it is 
very clear that our acquisition is very thought out and strategic, so therefore, 
we avoid landing in a situation which you just explain. 
Milan Wadkar: 
So I will just add a question to this on the same line that in case we are looking 
to improve our margins, so what is the strategy we would like to go ahead, 
which we have not done in the past? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
And over the period of time, we realize the importance of enhancing margin 
as a prudent business house and more so now that we have listed, margins 
are of paramount importance. There are two elements to increase service 
efficiency. The processes that we have here is to deliver a service, how to 
make it more and more efficient, so that our service delivery costs are 
rationalized or are lesser. But the very important thing is if we are able to 
deploy trained people from the day one at the site, 2-3 things happen here. 
One is the trained personnel is able to understand the training methodology 
and he is able to implement it very fast at the customer side wherein you get 
a result very fast. And second thing is the profiling when we are recruiting. 
When we are recruiting, say 100 people, if we are able to profile them very 
nicely in the services that they are going to be deployed, for example, if you 
are in your office today also sitting, somebody will get you tea, coffee, 
somebody will be guarding, somebody will be cleaning, now if those profiles 
don't match, then there is a lot of clash while delivering service and mostly it 
adds to your cost of service delivery. So we are taking these three precautions 
that we are sourcing the right people. We are ensuring that they are well 
trained and also we are trying to ensure efficiency in our processes so that in 
effect our service delivery margins are kept under a particular threshold level 
and they don't grow. The fourth and the most important thing is the attrition 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
percentage. Our attrition percentage is the best in the industry, the industry 
percentage is about 60. When we went to market, we were about 30.36 and 
as of last week it is 17%. It says volumes that we our people who we trained, 
they don't leave us and go, so therefore our service just gets better and better 
and over the period of time, you will definitely see its reflection in reduced 
service delivery cost and enhanced margins. 
Milan Wadkar: 
Sir, one last question, if I may add on to it. I see your business in two 
structures. One is the organized market, one is the unorganized market. So 
on the unorganized segment, I believe there will be a lot of bunch of people 
who would be trying to service this huge bouquet of opportunity available, so 
is there a possibility which is happening now that these unorganized bunch of 
people and there will be many, try to undercut your segment which is where 
there are limited players in the organized segment. 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Again, all three questions make a lot of sense. If I was answering this question 
in maybe 2010, then yes, that would have been perceived as a threat. But 
today, as we have grown and now and this decision we have taken in 2010 to 
acquire business, most with corporates and not to do business with any 
customers who shy away from compliance and that decision has really made 
a lot of difference today even in government. So it doesn't matter because 
there is pre-communication and so many criteria. But even in corporate if you 
see our business acquisition is with our prospects or clients for whom 
paramount importance is compliance, whether it is all sort of compliance, 
they would like to deal with companies which are fully compliant and also if 
you are considering the overall governance in our country which has become 
very stringent, the corporate and the kind of sector that we are doing business 
with, they shy away with companies which are not organized because there 
are certain risks that come along with them. So it is actually very good 
scenario for us that the segment, the market that is our target audience need 
well governed and compliance partners or vendors. That is also one of the 
reasons that we went ahead and got ourselves listed because now with the 
activity that is coming up in the manufacturing, the Make in India and all that, 
there are so many foreign companies doing JVs, coming here, they would like 
to deal with the company which is listed which gives them a huge amount of 
comfort level in terms of compliance. And we are very bullish that our listing 
also will add tremendous value to the acquisition of business that we are 
doing on the corporate side, so not at all, we are not going to be worried on 
that particular thing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Narendra from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Narendra: 
So my first question is that I heard your interview and you were mentioning 
that you are planning to grow 30% for the next 2-3 years, right? So what would 
be the levers to that growth and what would be the risk towards that of not 
achieving that 30% growth rate? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
It is basically India growth story which is there. I firmly believe that we are in 
the right country, in the right sector and in the right time. All three are in favor 
of us because so many things are happening in our country which is going to 
fuel our growth. One is the Make in India where SEZs are coming, 
manufacturing units are getting set up. Now, to have the Make in India 
actually work wonderfully, there is a huge supply chain mechanism, which is 
your railways, airports, and roadways. You see kilometers and kilometers of 
roads which are built, there is an infrastructure which is going to come there, 
which is going to need companies like us to manage facilities. The fast trains 
like Vande Bharat, the other multiple, they are demanding additional railway 
stations, if existing railway stations, then additional platforms, we already are 
qualified, we are managing the Chennai railway station for now many years, 
now more than 8 years. So our qualification is there. The second thing is 
revamping and redevelopment of current railway station wherein the 
ministry wants to give a railway passenger the same experience as an 
economic airline passenger. So when that is their focus and it is there, there 
is a budget which is allocated by this. And thanks to our pre-qualification that 
is a sector where we are expecting our growth. Airports also, there are A 
category, B category. Airports, air terminals are getting developed, revamped, 
we have already qualified there. We have been working with the airports for 
almost last 12-13 years. Even currently, we are offering our services, so these 
three areas where the growth is going to come. The other couple of areas 
which are also important, the manufacturing units which are coming, our 
growth is we are expecting growth coming from there. The supply chain and 
logistics wherein warehousing, warehouse management and other supply 
chain requirements are going to need staffing, payroll management and hard 
and soft services both. After that, the healthcare and the education which we 
are there for many years, additional hospitals which are coming, the 
governments initiative to outsource services in schools and hospitals, private 
schools, private hospitals, your new malls coming in, new infrastructure 
happening, the metro railway networks, which is happening. Also, the solid 
waste, we have always been there in the solid waste management as well. So 
the waste is a very important issue that is nationally there. So we are also 
working with various municipal corporations to leverage our competency 
there and forging ahead in this waste management also. So multiple services, 
Narendra that we are going to lead and there are multiple avenues where we 
are going to acquire business. So as per the F&S study also while we went and 
filed our RHP we had the largest service booking offering. So if you say the 
number of services that we can push standalone or integrate and the number 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
of sectors that we are present in with the experience that we have and the 
number of sectors that is going to offer opportunity. I am not being very 
aggressive, but there is a huge opportunity Narendra for companies like us, 
for a decade and more. The only risk to which would prevent getting into and 
taking all these opportunities, your timely recruitment of people and timely 
training of people and deployment because all our services are offered 
through people, man, machine and material. So machine and material is 
definitely you can get them at the right time at the right place, but what about 
the people? So we have two very brilliant people heading these two verticals, 
we have also having independent focus on training and recruitment. We have 
two decorated army veterans who head the training and recruitment. So we 
are very conscious, mindful how we recruit people, how we do the right 
profiling and with what speed, in what geography we recruit and also we have 
very good plan on our training. We have a Krystal Integrated Training 
Academy which is there one at Vashi. We are going to replicate that in the 
geographies where we are aspiring to have business. So recruiting in right 
time, training properly, grooming properly and deploying with a lot of speed, 
we are already taking care of that risk in these three things. So I think 
holistically I have answered your question. 
Narendra: 
And regarding the margins, I understand in the long run that it is only going 
to improve, but as you said that you are trying to enter into new segments 
like waste management and all that, so would there be some kind of short-
term pressure on the margins or are we comfortable at the 7.5%-8% of 
margins? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
So we will continue to grow our margins also in a similar zone. I don't see any 
particular domain or business adding pressures on our margin because all the 
sides that I explained on the call, we are trying to very methodically ramp up 
our service delivery capabilities. So in fact, it will be a blessing itself like we 
are expecting to acquire business which have a good margin profile and on 
this side, we are having our methodology and strategy to develop a better, 
more efficient, effective service delivery model. So net-net, if you see, I am 
very optimistic while talking to you right now that we will continue to 
maintain our margin profile similarly as we grow. 
Narendra: 
Just one last question, accounting side. So why the tax rate so fluctuating, is 
there something going on or I just want to understand what is happening 
there? 
Barun Dey: 
The tax rate what you are referring is due to our 80JJAA benefits. So that is 
the reason why you see our tax components are fluctuating year-on-year. 
Narendra: 
 So that benefit will continue ahead also, right? 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Barun Dey: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Yogya 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, I have one question on the training center that we have. So we have only 
one training center, Pan India. So don't you think is on the lower side given 
the presence you have Pan India side, so how do you think on that? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
So I was expecting someone to ask me this question because this training is 
very close to my heart and I will just take this opportunity to tell you what we 
did and we have like industrial corridor, new industrial corridor focus 
especially in the Telangana and the Tamil Nadu region, in Tukkuguda also, we 
have our Industrial office which is there. And we knew that if we want to have 
a good training mechanism nationally, then we need to have, like I just 
explained on a previous call, good training facilities in the geographies that 
we are aspiring. So very happy to tell you that last month, we signed up an 
agreement with ITI at Tukkuguda MIDC Industrial Technical Institute and it is 
a brilliant partnership that we have done there wherein we will train the ITI 
students in batches at our Tukkuguda office in improving soft skills, interview 
skills and so on and so forth, CPR, firefighting and all that. So we are getting 
people students to train also and we are getting facilities to train also. So it 
solves our national issue of training. We are going to replicate this model 
wherein we get students to train also, we make them employable, we give 
them choice to work with us or anywhere else. And at the same time, with 
the colleges, schools and all those things which have grounds and classrooms, 
we also have their tie up wherein we train their students and we get their 
facilities to use as a training facility so that solves this training. That doesn't 
solve. That is our strategy of training on the national basis. Because yes, only 
one Academy actually will never ever suffice the way that we are going and 
therefore this is our national plan. So whether it is up north, whether down 
South, now we already have this tie-ups done, up north is going to be similar, 
on the West also we are doing it and on the east side also, but the model is 
very similar, Chirag bhai. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, I was trying to get a crux of it, so why ITI student would be joining us for 
IFS segment or the staffing segment, would we be earning lower wages 
compared to what he would potentially earn after completing the ITI course 
that we are providing with? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Again, good questions are coming. I am happy because we are IFMS company, 
the Integrated Facility Management Services. So janitorial or guard or pantry 
services is just a part of it, but as we acquire large quantum of customers for 
take a example, manufacturing unit, suppose we acquire a manufacturing 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
unit, the requirement there from IFMS company is very different. It is DG 
segment and it is HVAC maintenance, it is mechanical, electrical, plumbing. 
These are exactly the traits that are brought in ITI and this is exactly where 
the services that we are offering. Now again, that is a manufacturing unit, but 
suppose, wherever you and me are sitting in the office today, there could be 
a centralized AC, there could be electrical maintenance happening, there 
could be digital, any which way you require trained people, whether it is an 
electrician or a plumber or any other technician. So because we are IFMS, we 
get benefit from the kind of services that we offer which is really not restricted 
only to a housekeeping or somebody who shampoos a carpet or a pest 
control. Our range of service is so large that we can leverage it when we go 
and acquire large quantum of business. And there we are going to need 
people who have passed and got certified from ITI only. 
Chirag Jain: 
So we are trying to be advanced urban city type of business model where we 
provide similar type of service to corporate? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
No, we are not at all like urban clap or urban city. Our contracts are, we are 
integrated facility management services wherein these are a part of our 
overall service. For example, let me explain you, see you have 5000 square 
feet office, you will need machine, you will need material, you will need 
somebody to clean it, you will need somebody to report. So it is a consolidated 
service. That is the beauty of IFMS. So it is integrated facility management 
service. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, I was trying to point out that ITI center student passes out, join us as my 
engineer, so he would be fixing machines or plumbing something or that? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes, he would be deployed with us for a complete year of the contract with 
the customer. 
Chirag Jain: 
So that is what urban company does on an individual contract basis. So you 
are signing up on it yearly basis. So that is what I was trying to point out on. 
So second question was on the segmental EBITDA margins, so could you give 
a break up of that, which segment earns how much margins? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
At this moment, we will not be able to share that kind of data. 
Chirag Jain: 
So the next question was on the deposit. Do we need to keep some bank 
guarantee with the government customer that we tie up with? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes. The government tender conditions has again bank guarantee for your 
deposits. 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Chirag Jain: 
So how much that amount would be? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
It depends between the tender to tender, anywhere between 2% and 5% of 
the tender value. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Rajat Vohra from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajat Vohra: 
Sir, I basically had a couple of questions. One is, I have seen your presentation 
and I could understand that your mix towards staffing has increased over the 
last 4-5 financial years and your IFMS overall revenues contribution is coming 
down, but the thing is it is not reflecting on the operating margins for the last 
three financial years, your operating margin has been in the range of around 
6.7 to 6.9. So can you explain if you are venturing more or your revenues are 
increasing from the staffing in a significant way, shouldn't the operating 
margins be increasing somewhere we are, either we are cutting down on the 
margins to get more contracts, is it what I should derive it from this? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
No, but I understand your point. So yes, payroll and staffing business has 
increased and our integrated facility management, it has increased because 
we have got organic growth happening there. Our margin profile as I see it 
will continue to grow in the similar zone. At times, you will see our margin 
taking a slight dip like maybe some basis points because when we are, we also 
have 70% government fees that we have. Our revenue come 70% 
government, 30% corporates. There are times to have to build our pre-
qualification criteria. We may need to acquire a certain business which 
actually gives us a huge leverage in the next financial year or year after that. 
And there, it is a very conscious management and strategic decision that we 
may go ahead and acquire it at a bid lesser margin. But over the period of 
time, our pre-qualifications build extremely well. So in these situations only it 
could take a little bit dip, but otherwise our zone and the range of margin 
profile is going to continue in the same way. 
Rajat Vohra: 
Another question is on the receivable days with regards to your government 
projects, what are the receivable days over there as well as receivables for 
corporates? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Again, receivable days, generally also if you have both government and 
corporate they are about 70 to 75 days. 
Rajat Vohra: 
And when it comes to your peers, even though it is not pure Apple to Apple 
comparison, the receivable days on the listed, other names are quite less and 
has come down to around 30 to 40 days. Do you see your receivable days 
coming down to that level over the next 2-3 years? 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Our receivable days will definitely improve over the period of time and 
because that is going to be the entire endeavor, we have our credit control, 
which is very stringent. So we will only better the receivable days over the 
period of time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anant Mundra from 
Mytemple Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anant Mundra: 
Sir, just wanted to understand that given that majority of our business is 
coming from government contracts, which is generally an L1 kind of a 
business, so just wanted to understand like what over here gives us an edge 
over the others because what I understand is tomorrow anyone can come and 
bid lower than us and win the contract. So just wanted to understand what 
gives us an edge over the others in the government contract segment? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
See, we are very focused on what contracts that, what tenders we bid. So if 
you see on a daily basis, there are thousands of tenders which are there 
available online. And so it doesn't mean that you go ahead and bid as many 
tenders. We have a dedicated tender division which analyzes every tender. 
There is a research which happens. There are very focused segments that we 
will bid for tender which are predominantly healthcare, education and maybe 
sanitization. And now, if you zoom into a certain domain then there is a 
research in terms of budgetary allocations by the central or state Government 
etc., it is not as simple as it seems. It is a very complex process and once there 
is a tender bidding committee which is there, so nobody can just go ahead 
and submit a bid and also it is very important what is the pre-qualifications 
which are required whether it is a CRISIL rating which is mandatory, certain 
amount of turnover, certain years of existence, certain type of contracts. So 
the conditions are also very stringent. Once the tender committee, bidding 
committee has already analyzed and researched that, only then we would 
take the step ahead and go and submit that bid. So it is a very complex process 
and therefore we are very mindful and conscious as to what tenders that we 
are bidding. And yes, this is all online now and we have to submit, upload all 
documents, the evaluation happens online and the results are disclosed 
online. And yes, it is L1 criteria and over the period of time we are into this 
business for the last 24 years. So it is also your competency, experience and 
so on and so forth, which in this scenario also enables you to participate and 
become general. 
Anant Mundra: 
So just a follow up, generally, how long are these contracts for and how does 
the renewal happen, like is there a rebidding that is done or the existing 
contractor gets the right to renew it? How does it work? 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Very logical question, Anant. This is typically 3+1 year contract, 3-year plus 1 
year renewable and after the renewal period then there is a rebidding for 
that. 
Anant Mundra: 
So absolutely fresh rebidding? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes. 
Anant Mundra: 
So even if you match the lowest offer, there is no, like, right of refusal or 
something that? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
No, it has to go through the entire process of rebidding. 
Anant Mundra: 
And typically sir, what is the renewal rate in the government segment? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Almost 65% to 70% because we have already been there. We already worked 
there. We already know the entire set of activities. We have studied the entire 
thing. So the chance is that we will bid it again in a rebate is very superior. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Shetty from Nuvama 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
So my question is how much of our contract is up for renewal this year in 
terms of revenue and what kind of a new contract visibility you have for FY25 
and if any for FY26? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes, as I said we are going to continue our growth by 25% to 30% year after 
year. So in that context, if you see the 70% contribution, so that government 
side will keep on having that contribution. In terms of which are exactly 
because this is a cyclical process which exactly are contracts which are getting 
over because they will not get over exactly at the financial year end, they are 
going to be throughout the year. There are going to be some getting over 
some rebidding and that process is going to go on. But overall, let me give you 
the confidence that even the corporate and the government side. Totally, we 
will continue our growth at about 25% to 30%. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
And what kind of profitability you are seeing during these 2-3 years? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Nikhil, we will continue to maintain the same zone. The endeavor is to better 
it definitely and next year we are making all our strategies, our plan to 
increase our service efficiency, our SEZ plant, the manufacturing units, our 
foray into acquiring new good businesses. I am sure it will lead to enhancing 
the marginal increase. But to keep it simple, we will continue all the growth 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
points in the similar zone and the endeavor is to make it better and better 
only. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
And then secondly, like we have witnessed the sharp increase in the staffing 
revenue compared to the 23. So can you give us a sense what are the factors 
behind this growth and what kind of a revenue growth you foresee from this 
particular segment because we have seen almost 30 odd client addition also 
took place during the last one year in this segment, so if you can give us some 
sense? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Nikhil, good question. We had acquired a good staffing business of our MP 
Electricity Board and over the period of time they added more units which 
they wanted staffing and payroll. So under that contract only our business 
grew organically and that quantum is the reflection in the kind of numbers of 
our staffing payroll increase. So it is the organic growth of an existing 
customer which has increased our staffing and payroll management 
proportion in the overall business. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
And just to get a sense, we generate roughly 70% of our revenue from two 
states, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu and in Tamil Nadu, I think DME is the 
largest, if I am not wrong. So what are our plans to reduce the dependence 
on these two states going forward? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
In fact DME also because it comes in the healthcare sector, you see a 
consolidation, but actually DME is, similar to DME also there are contracts 
which are coming in the other states. So generally what type of the 
governments also explicitly successful contracts being serviced in one state 
they tried to replicate, so anyway we started that activity 3-4 years back and 
if you say we have fairly spread our presence and footprint. So there is our 
first is Tamil Nadu, second is Maharashtra, third is MP, fourth is Delhi and then 
Haryana, so we have already present here. Now, we are also very actively 
moving in the northern state. So Delhi, we will see good progress coming in 
on the northern side in the Delhi government. Also MP, we will make 
progress. In Gujarat government, in Gujarat, we are very hopeful that we will 
expand our government businesses in Gujarat. So to answer your questions, 
we are already since last 5 years having our business plan to geographically 
spread and not being concentrated only in two states. I think going forward 
in the next 2-3 years, you will witness that this strategy has actually 
transformed into us being even government wise Pan India footprint 
company. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
Lastly, if you can help us to understand the project selection criteria because 
I believe it is very critical for your business? 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Sanjay Dighe: 
What selection? 
Nikhil Shetty: 
Project selection criteria. 
Sanjay Dighe: 
So this is I think the third question, but all questions are good. Projects like, 
we don't go ahead and acquire business randomly whether it is corporate or 
government. We have a business acquisition process. In the government 
business, because the ticket size is larger, the process is robust there, we have 
a independent tender division led by independent people who are specialized 
in this. There is research on budgetary allocations during various budgets in 
terms of what sectors, in what cities, what states. We also are very mindful of 
operating in government tender into three to four domains which is 
education, healthcare, sanitization and public infra which impact directly the 
citizens and have fully funded. They are fully budgeted fully funded projects 
and also we ensure that we go ahead and meet with projects where the 
criteria are pretty stringent and these are projects which are not very easy for 
anybody to track because we have mastered this, working in this project. They 
also land up giving us a better margin profile. Also come to the corporate, 
there is a committee on, even before sending a proposal to a corporate, every 
proposal, let me take a step back and say our corporate business acquisition 
is divided into three parts. One is retail, one is key accounts and one is mega 
accounts. Anything which is 10 lakh and less billing for months is retail. Every 
day, some business comes. 10 lakh to 50 lakh three account per month billing 
I am talking about and 50 lakhs and above is major accounts per month billing. 
So we have 3 distinct teams which cater to this market segments. We ensure 
that we don't lose, we are focused on even corporate sales acquisition of all 
time because the customer, a prospective client who give you Rs. 1 crore of 
business per month will need a different kind of approach, different 
treatment than a prospective customer is going to give you Rs. 10 lakh per 
month. So we are mindful about this process and then therefore you see going 
forward in the next 3-5 years, all this strategy and meticulous planning is going 
to result in giving more numbers in terms of revenue, in terms of our margins 
and margin profile will be better. So at the end of the day, our stakeholders 
are tremendously going to draw value from what planning is happening today 
in our office in terms of business acquisition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanika from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanika: 
Just one question. So like we have been seeing a consistent growth in your 
topline on a sequential basis, so can we expect this momentum to continue 
in quarter 1 as well? 

KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES LIMITED 
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS KRYSTAL INTEGRATED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED) 
 
 
 
      
Registered Office.: Krystal House, 15A/17, Shivaji Fort CHS, Duncan Causeway Road Mumbai -400 022, 
Maharashtra (India) Tel: +9122 4353 1234, +9122 2403 0220/21.  
 
           Web: www.krystal-group.com CIN - U74920MH2000PLC129827. 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Yes, absolutely. Our business, our company, we endeavor to keep the 
momentum and we will keep on going the way that we have and there is so 
much to do there in the market. So we are absolutely optimistic that we will 
continue to grow in similar way. 
Sanika: 
So what kind of number are we looking at in quarter 1 on a sequential basis? 
Sanjay Dighe: 
We cannot specifically share the number, but we are saying that we will grow 
by 25% to 30% every year. So we are into a cyclical business. So how that 
business translate into Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 will be quarter results will tell us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Dighe - Chief Executive Officer and 
Whole-Time Director of Krystal Integrated Services Limited for closing 
comments. 
Sanjay Dighe: 
Thank you so much for moderating this conference. I thank everybody who 
was on this call and who made all the efforts to answer the questions and very 
good quality questions have come in from most of it, but Nuvama also had 
questions which are very logical and I am grateful to the Nuvama team for 
coming to the floor and asking me these questions. So I thank the entire, all 
the people, analysts, all the team here who asked me question. At the same 
time, my entire team at Krystal for their untiring efforts, hard work and 
dedication which drives the company forward through our various market 
conditions, I also take this opportunity to thank my 41,000 people who are 
deployed at all my customer sites. It is because of them that we are able to 
reach here and in fact do this call. So they may not be listening, but I take it 
as my duty and responsibility to thank each and every 40,000 people and their 
families who have trusted and opted to work for Krystal, hats off to them on 
a Pan India basis. I also thank all of you in participating on this call and 
Adfactors for being here and guiding us. Thank you so much everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Krystal Integrated Services Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
