 
 
 
May 27, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 538567 
 
Through: BSE Listing Centre  
 
 
     
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Scrip symbol: GULFOILLUB 
 
Through: NEAPS 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub.: Transcript for Q4 FY-24 Earnings Conference Call 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations   
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the Q4 FY-24 Earnings Conference Call conducted 
on May 22, 2024. 
This information will also be hosted on the Company’s website, at the web link: 
https://india.gulfoilltd.com/investors/financials/transcript-conference-calls   
 
 
For Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
 
Shweta Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
Digitally signed by SHWETA VIKAS GUPTA
DN: C=IN, S=Maharashtra, Phone=
ed33b83aad800d8159ba1e9702f34163c5918a0a971b5394dacb4910fb65bf4a, PostalCode=400069, 
STREET=A 102 MOONLIGHT SHOPPING CENTER ANDHERI KURLA ROAD NEAR VISHAL HALL 
ANDHERI EAST, OID.2.5.4.65=ea0f7f8a503275558df8f58593f75cff, SERIALNUMBER=
c3ad986eb64d3d7726d0ae4a38e13b2537f336784035be2579e3d03e71e71d45, O=Personal, CN=SHWETA 
VIKAS GUPTA
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2024.05.27 14:29:11+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 12.1.4
SHWETA VIKAS 
GUPTA

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited 
Q4 & FY ‘24 Results Conference Call” 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
  
     
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI CHAWLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GULF OIL LUBRICANTS 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GANGWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GULF OIL LUBRICANTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SABRI HAZARIKA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY '24 Results Conference Call 
of Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limted, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Sabri Hazarika from Emkay Global Financial 
Services. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sabri Hazarika: 
Yes. Thanks, Srijala and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial 
Services, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY '24 post-earnings conference call of Gulf Oil 
Lubricants India Limited. We have with us the top management of the company; Mr. Ravi 
Chawla, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Manish Kumar Gangwal, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
So without any further delay, I would now ask the management for the opening remarks, and 
then we'll move over to the question and answer round. Over to you, sir. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Thank you, Sabri. Good day to everybody. Thank you for joining us on the Q4 call. We are 
very happy to share with you that this has been a record-breaking quarter for us in terms of our 
results and our achievements. It's definitely an excellent quarter. We've maintained our growth 
momentum and this is the third quarter in a row where we've crossed our EBITDA of INR 100 
crore. In fact, INR115 crore is the highest EBITDA for the company ever so a strong quarter 
end as March is expected to be with all our programs and our initiatives going on so really 
happy about that. 
 
To add here, obviously, that our EBITDA margin sequentially went up 13.5%, tracking 
towards the higher band, which we talk about 12% to 14%, definitely margin management 
efforts, increased focus on cost and focus on premium products helped us to get us there so 
these were the highlights. 
 
The growth has been majorly driven by a lot of double-digit volume growth in infra and B2B,  
as in the press release which we have released. Overall, of course, our B2C sale also showed 
very good growth in the quarter and good uptick in the motorcycle oils, commercial vehicle 
oils and agri segment, which is really beginning to show good demand. 
As you have seen in other industries also, rural demand is picking up, and we have seen that 
also happening in March and then continuing. If you look at the annual performance, we have 
seen our EBITDA crossing the INR 400 crore mark, reaching INR 419 crore, growth of 22% 
definitely a good sign for us. 
 
We've also seen a lot of good gain in market share overall in the year with our Bazaar segment 
growing led by Agri and new generation Commercial Vehicle oils. Happy to also share there 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 3 of 14 
 
are Car Stops and Bike Stops, which is a key initiative for us, have also experienced strong 
double-digit volume growth in terms of secondary sales. And overall, our distribution focus in 
retail segment has paid off we've grown double digit in that, both in rural and urban areas. 
 
So overall, annually, and in the quarter, I would say, a very satisfying year. In terms of 
volumes, we have closed the year with 2x the market growth and in the quarter also happy to 
share we have achieved 37,000 kl in core lubes and we also have the highest in AdBlue this 
year where we did 37,000 kl in AdBlue. While the growth overall is 3% in the quarter because 
factory fill as we've been sharing has dropped by double digits which is more due to the 
production for OEMs 
 
Without factory fill our 2x market growth has been 7% in the quarter and in the year, also, we 
are close to that 6.5%. I would say, the 2x to 3x mantra which we have in terms of market 
growth, we have maintained. So a good quarter again, once again led by a lot of investments in 
the brand, continued push in terms of all our businesses, B2B, B2C. We are also doing a lot of 
digitization and other efforts. 
 
I'll now hand over to Manish to take you through some of the other details, which he can 
highlight. Over to you, Manish. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everyone. Yes, as Ravi highlighted, it's been a very good 
quarter for us, all-around performance. And of course, our profit after tax on the back of a 
solid EBITDA has risen by 37% to INR 85 crore and also for the full year, the profit after tax 
is INR 308 crore, which is again 33% growth nearly on a full year basis as well. Overall, very 
good year and quarter from PAT perspective. 
 
At the same time, our margin management, as Ravi was highlighting, has been robust, we have 
improved our gross margins by nearly 3.5% over the year and sequentially, we see a slight dip 
because the crude was volatile during Q4 and we have seen nearly a 1.6% drop on the gross 
margin level sequentially, but we have been able to deliver the same EBITDA almost 13.5% 
for the quarter in spite of the slight dip in the gross margin. 
 
Having said that, we have always been focusing on margin management, all the actions are 
already being taken to continue to be robust on the margin management side. We have just 
now announced the price increase in our retail segment and also in certain B2B segments 
already we are taking the prices up. 
 
So that is on the margin management, a very robust cash generation from operations, INR 348 
crore of cash during the financial year generated out of operations versus INR 273 crore last 
year so very healthy cash generation continues with effective working capital management and 
overall delivery by EBITDA. 
 
Based on this cash flow generation and the profitability, the Board has been very happy to 
announce higher payout and the final dividend of 1,000%, which is INR 20 per share. You will 
all recall that we have just in February paid an interim dividend of INR 16 per share so with 
that, the overall dividend for the year is INR 36, which is 1,800% on a face value of INR 2. So 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 4 of 14 
 
overall, I think the journey on returning good cash to shareholders continues with a higher 
payout this year. With that we will be happy to take questions from the participants. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Probal Sen from ICICI Securities. 
Probal Sen: 
Sir, just first question was regarding the margin environment. Now if we really go back a little 
bit and look at the kind of margins we earned over FY '16 through to FY '21, just wanted to 
understand, sir, that in that current input price environment and with the kind of pricing we are 
seeing across our portfolio, what would it actually take for us to go back to that environment, if 
at all feasible? Is it -- what I'm trying to get at is, is the margin improvement to that extent even 
feasible? Or we should look at a more steady state gradual margin growth over what we have 
achieved in terms of EBITDA margin, that was my first question? 
Manish Gangwal: 
So yes, I think Mr. Probal, I understand where you are coming from. We have been delivering 
16% EBITDA margins in the period you mentioned, roughly 16% to even sometimes 17% and 
we have explained in the call earlier also and for the benefit of everyone on this call, you see, 
the input cost increased during the post COVID period significantly. 
And for that, we had to take a series of price increases and our realizations went up. While the 
per litre margin, we have been able to recover fully what we were in the period which we are 
mentioning 5 years ago, the percentage looks lower because you are dividing the numerator 
and denominator by the same amount so if you take on per litre basis, actually for the core 
lubes, we have already recovered those margins, and we are in the similar band. 
 
Secondly, overall for the company as a whole, the margin slightly looks lower because our 
AdBlue volumes have picked up significantly, which we all understand is a slightly lower 
margin product. This is a blended margin as compared to earlier when we used to have mostly 
95% plus to 98% was only core lubes. In spite of that, we have been able to deliver this kind of 
margin in the 12% to 14% guided band. We actually dipped to 11% in one of the quarters just 
before, but we have been able to recover from there significantly, and now we are tracking 
nearly 13.5%. 
 
Of course, always there is a premiumization which Ravi talked about, and there are product 
mix and there are continuous improvements. And there will be a sort of, I would say, 
leveraging effect, operating leverage will also keep coming in, which will help us to move 
back to the 14%, 16% band, but that we will have to really take it as a future target. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood, sir. And the second question, of course, was about the volume growth. Now I 
think Ravi also talked about the fact that volume growth even in this year, if we take out the 
factory sale portion, it's probably at about 6% to 7%, but on an overall basis, there, sir, is it fair 
to assume that for the next couple of years, given that factory filling will remain in a fairly 
large portion or at least a material portion of our business, that low- to mid-single-digit growth 
is what we should be working in on an overall basis, that's more realistic to assume? 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Manish Gangwal: 
Basically, factory fill is only 10% of our volumes. It's not a very significant portion but if that 
10% dips is by nearly 20%- 25%, you have an overall impact of 2%- 2.5% on the total volume. 
Probal Sen: 
Understood. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Our trajectory, our guidance has been to grow 2-3x the market growth, which we have done in 
the last years as well, and we continue to aim that. If the market, let's say, get some tailwind, 
and market grows at 4%, we will definitely aim at a double-digit growth. And if the market is 
at 2% to 3%, then high single digits that's what we are currently aiming at. 
Probal Sen: 
Right. The third question was, sir, with respect to and this obviously gets asked to our 
company as well as others in this case. In terms of EVs on the ground, what are our activities 
right now? Any update you can share with us? And also if you can kindly share whatever 
revenue we did from the Battery segment for this year if feasible? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. So on EV, Mr. Sen, let me mention that the EV fluids business is a very small business, 
not even a half a percent of the volume but we are with about 10 OEMs now, looking another 
5-6 so that's going to be continuing EV fluids journey. As we are investing in the charger 
business in Tirex and we've also got ElectreeFi, a software company, we are looking to grow 
that part with our EV business. 
 
In the Battery business, we will be at about INR 80 crore and we are looking at toll 
manufacturing local product and looking to grow that business quite aggressively going 
forward because a lot of touch points are coming in and that continues to be part of our Gulf 
Pride brand extension. I think we are hoping that also grows double digit, and it will. This is 
where we are with both these businesses. 
 
And just to add to your other point on what Manish was trying to explain. For us, our mix is 
B2B and B2C. We, as a company, are focused on various segments so in order to maintain the 
margin and be competitive, we want to grow all the segments that we are focusing on or 
example, OEM industrial, where we have great opportunity. OEMs, we are pretty strong we 
believe in the private sector, we are amongst the leaders. That is why our margin band is what 
it is because we have to compete and grow so that's probably what I want to answer. 
Probal Sen: 
I was just saying just from a next 12-month perspective for FY '25, sir, any specific strategic 
moves that we should be aware of or we should be keeping track of in terms of our company? 
Obviously, you've laid out a broad strategic vision in any case for the next few years in terms 
of how you want to grow, but just for the immediate twelve months, anything specific we 
should be looking at, any OEM tie up, any specific segment growth that we should be looking 
at? Just wanted to get more of a sense in terms of how to build a more granular growth for FY 
'25 in particular? Any color you can throw would be useful. 
Ravi Chawla: 
I think our core strategy is to get that 2x to 3x growth. Within certain segments, we see the 
opportunity to be greater, we have some market segments where our market share is about 8%, 
9%, like in motorcycle, commercial vehicles there are opportunities, but there are certain 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 6 of 14 
 
segments where our market share is below 5%, like passenger car, in the case of industrial, so 
these are the segments where we believe we can grow much faster than the 2x to 3x. 
So I would say that's one call out. The other is premiumize and offer value products. There are 
lot of digital efforts happening in the company, which will also fructify in terms of both 
customer value creation and benefits, these are the 3 themes I would call out. 
 
The fourth, of course, very important, which has now become our sixth strategy, is a focus on 
EV so both with OEMs for EV fluids, we're also looking at the charger business through Tirex 
and that's going to be another focus where we mentioned in the press release that there's been a 
good closing for them. So next year, we are pretty charged up terms of the DC chargers so we 
will be looking at a good growth. These are the 4, 5 new call outs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Spark PMS. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Two to three questions from my end. For the financial year, out of the approximate INR 33 
billion sales, could you give us some sense of B2B, B2C sales or industrial and auto, what has 
been the sales mix and what have been the growth rates? And within Auto, if you could help us 
understand -- you mentioned there are certain segments where market share is low. So how is 
CV, passenger, 2-wheeler sales mix been for us and Industrial segment, how is the end user’s 
industries for us? And what are we trying to focus on? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. So just to take up a few segments to share with you. Our B2C, what we call, is basically 
the channel Bazaar business, we have set of distributors and we also sell to the franchisee 
workshops, that is roughly about 60% of our sales which we call, B2C, which is more route to 
market. So obviously, they sell different products. 
 
The 40% is our B2B, which also has automotive grades, it basically talks about selling to the 
OEM factory fill, like a B2B sale. Then we talk about direct industries and smaller industries. 
Of course, we have distributor networks, that we call as B2B, then we have one segment called 
infrastructure mining, which is only catering to construction companies, which is roughly 8%, 
9% of our volume. We have other segments like exports and marine, et cetera, which we cater 
to.  We have 55%, 60% is B2C, roughly if you see the quarter-wise thing. 
 
And then within the segments, if you look at commercial vehicle oils where we are amongst 
the top players, we have a very good share in certain geographies, we have very good share 
with certain OEMs. We see a lot of potential in some of the OEMs and some of the 
geographies where we may be less than our 8%, 9%, 10%. 
There's an opportunity in each segment, but to call out 2- 3 segments very clearly, one is the 
Passenger Car motor oils where we don't have too many OEM tie-ups, but we have a lot of 
scope because our brand is strong and we want to really grow in that. If we are growing 0.5% 
market share overall or little more than that, we would like to grow at least double of that in 
Passenger Car. 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Passenger Car is one call-out segment. In industrial, there are certain pockets where our share 
is low, so we can grow on that. And I would say, these are the 2 call outs and within certain 
segments, like tractor, some geographies, will do less. I think across the board, we have scope 
to grow in these segments. Overall, that's what our sort of outlook is. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Sure, sure. And if I understand this correctly, you said around 40% is B2B. So the industrial 
would fall across that. And is it fair to say that it's growing faster as of now, given the thrust on 
manufacturing... 
Ravi Chawla: 
You're right. That is giving us very good growth, because also we have got good products  
Prakash Kapadia: 
And that should grow in the near term and that should continue to grow slightly faster than the 
other B2C business, right, in the near term? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Definitely. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Okay. And lastly, what is the kind of capex we have done on the EV charging segment until 
now? 
Manish Gangwal: 
In December quarter, we acquired a company, the name is Tirex Transmission OEM for 
making DC fast chargers right from 30-kilowatt to 240-kilowatt charges. And that, INR 103 
crore of investment we had put in that quarter in that company to get 51% share, and we have a 
majority on the Board as well so that company deals in the fast charger base space, and they 
have a series of customers and OEMs, bus OEMs and CPOs who are buying their products. 
They have already installed more than 800 fast chargers across India and running successfully, 
that's one investment we have done. 
 
In addition, in earlier years, we have done two more investments, one in a software-as-a-
service company called ElectreeFi and another one was in a slow AC slow charger company, 
which is a U.K.-based company, which is a very advanced technology-based AC slow charger 
company. There we have some 7.5% stake. So overall, I think from Gulf India balance sheet, 
we are putting nearly INR 150 crore in these three investments so far in the EV segment. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Understood. And that over a period of time, we seem pretty optimistic about potential. And I 
think in the opening remarks, you mentioned around INR 80 crore was the EV fluid plus EV 
charging revenue, right? Or that was just EV fluids? 
Ravi Chawla: 
No, INR 80 crore was battery business. EV fluids is a very small part. The volume is also low. 
We have 10 OEMs.  EV fluids is quite small. Of course, in the case of DC chargers, Tirex 
currently has about 8%- 10% market share. Based on how big the market can grow in DC 
chargers, we'll be looking at obviously keeping our market share and trying to obviously 
optimize that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Tiwari from Phillip Capital. 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Just a few clarificatory questions from my end, sir. So in this quarter, our gross margins on a 
sequential basis is on the lower side. So in the previous quarter, we did about 42.5%, this 
quarter it's about 41%, but we have maintained EBITDA. So is it right to understand that in 
this quarter, there were fewer promotional and BTL activities and probably we are reaping 
some benefits out of the activities which we undertook in the previous quarter? So that would 
be one. 
And related to that, if you could help us understand the ad and the BTL sort of promotional 
expenditures as a percentage of top line, if you could help us understand that first, and then I'll 
ask the rest later. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes,you're right. Sequentially, the gross margins are lower by nearly 1.5% and around 50 basis 
points is the lower A&P. Last quarter, we mentioned that we had a slightly higher A&P in the 
previous quarter so around 50 basis points from there, and rest is from the overall other costs 
and all. In spite of the slight sequential dip in the gross margins because the raw material costs 
and tracking crude, the base oil, were at a slightly elevated level we have been able to deliver 
13.5% EBITDA margin. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Secondly, sir, on the pricing front, can you help us understand a broad -- basically a broad 
level is fine in terms of like where our headline prices are for lubricants right now and for 
AdBlue? And what kind of increase that we have taken in this quarter that you mentioned 
earlier in the call that you've taken the increase. So where the prices are? And then what kind 
of percentage increase we would have taken -- a broader understanding will just be fine, sir? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Overall, on the realization side and just to mention on the margin side also that in this quarter, 
the AdBlue has been sequentially higher.  So last year, December quarter, the AdBlue volume 
was around 31,000 kl and this quarter was 37,000 kl, so in spite of a higher AdBlue 
contribution, our margins are maintained or the dip is only 1.6%. 
So you can understand that there is an improvement in the overall core lubricant side in terms 
of that. And at the same time, whenever the cost goes up in the retail segment, we are in a 
position to pass it on to the end customer/consumer in case we have to take certain adjustments 
to the scheme or price increases. We have just recently taken a price increase in the retail 
segment and in B2B segment, it is a matter of negotiations and approaching each customer and 
convincing them. OEM is a good part of our business there are price variation clauses, which 
help to maintain our margins. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
So sir, I was just trying to understand a broad percentage increase that we would have taken. 
And is this the first increase that we have taken in this year? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, have not taken any price increases in the retail segment in the last 12- 15 months, this is 
after a gap of almost twelve months that this price increase is coming. Percentage will be 
difficult to tell because it is different across different product categories, depending on the 
markets and competition. 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Fair enough. And sir, lastly, if you could just help break down the sales in terms of -- like sales 
mix in terms of motorcycle oils and PCMO and CVO, sort of slightly detailed mix would be 
helpful, sir? 
Manish Gangwal: 
In this quarter, it was mostly the same as the December quarter in terms of overall percentages. 
Around 38%- 39% in terms of diesel engine oil, nearly 20% in terms of personal mobility and 
industrials are also around 20%, and the rest is gear oils, greases and others. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Sorry, personal mobility, you said is about 20%? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes. Yes. 
Nitin Tiwari: 
Which includes both motorcycle and car oils? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arkopratim Pal from Sanjay Agarwal Broking. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Congratulations on achieving a significant result. I would like to know that what is your 
corresponding volume growth rate in terms of the product volume growth rate? And 
additionally, is there any price increase or decrease that can impact your volume growth? 
Manish Gangwal: 
We have already mentioned our volume growth for the quarter and for the full year. Excluding 
factory fill, our volume growth is 7% nearly for the quarter and for the full year nearly 6%. 
 
And second question is basically that whether the price increases impact your volume. Is that 
the right question or right way to understand your question? 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Yes. 
Manish Gangwal: 
So this is a semi-essential product. So of course, it has to be used after a second interval where 
people have to change oil in their vehicle and industries have to use it. But obviously, if there 
is a significant price increase, then there is maybe a tendency to shift towards lower value 
products in some categories. But typically, it's not a very price-elastic sort of product category. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Just to add here, you see, if you look at a particular brand and a product which has a certain 
technical specification, the product laddering for us works in strength of our brand, our 
distribution so once we have that, I guess, we are clear about our price positioning. Yes, if you 
do take your prices up above that positioning, then you might lose customers and similarly, if 
you are very aggressive, you want customers, you've got to go so we have I think Gulf has a 
certain place in the market with the brand strength, and we are #2 in terms of our brand in most 
of the categories, #2, #3 in some, and based on that, our positioning of price is what it is today. 
 
And I guess we don't want to really change our pricing to just get market share. We'd rather do 
it with distribution, good products and grow as the customers are accepting us more and trying 
our products. As Manish mentioned, this is a semi-essential product. If you just price it too 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 10 of 14 
 
low, it's not that tomorrow customers would come and buy it because this is a planned 
purchase also. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Okay, I understand. My second question is what is your expectation for the present...My 
question is what is your expectation for the present demand scenario? And what is your 
strategy for further growth? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. So as we've been saying, the industry is growing at about 3% and – we've been saying all 
through last many, many years, more than a decade, we have been growing 2x to 3x at the 
industry. Our expectation is always to look at growing ahead of the industry and as we look at 
India today with a strong GDP growth, significant manufacturing impetus, vehicle penetration 
levels, both automotive industry, manufacturing industry, infrastructure impetus, definitely 
robust domestic demand will continue for lubricants. There's a growing middle class. We will 
continue to see the market growing in spite of EV coming and Gulf would like to grow 2x to 
3x the market growth rate. Our expectation and our performance has been in line with that. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
One last question I would like to ask, is there any chance in raw material prices, if that may 
affect your operational or profit margin? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Our key inputs are linked to crude oil in a certain way with a time lag of 1 to 2 months so 
depending on the movement of the crude, the input costs can slightly vary and we have to then 
keep looking at the margin management as a focus area, and that's what we have been doing. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
So that would partially impact your operating profit margin if the crude oil prices go high, 
right? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, that's a significant input in the entire raw material cost for us. It's not the direct crude we 
use. We use the derivative base oil, which is linked to crude. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Solanki from ICICI Securities. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So basically an accounting question. So what will 
be your full year lubricant revenue and AdBlue revenue? And have you made a significant 
gross margin on Battery segment? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Our Battery segment currently is EBITDA neutral if that was the question. We couldn't hear 
you properly for the first question. 
Hardik Solanki: 
Yes. So what is the full year revenue from the lubricant and AdBlue, if you can just give a 
breakup of it? 
Manish Gangwal: 
We only share the volume breakup, which we have already done. We do not share the revenue 
breakup. We have already mentioned that the full year battery revenue was around INR 80 
crore. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Dantewadia from Dante Equities. 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers. Do you have any volume growth guidance for the 
next financial year? 
Ravi Chawla: 
I think, Yash, as we've been mentioning, markets growth expectation is about 3%. It could be 
slightly higher. We've always been focusing on 2x to 3x the volume of the industry growth and 
of course, the value growth, we have products, which would cater to the higher-value segment 
also, we look at a slightly higher value growth. I think this has been our definite outlook in 
terms of continued kind of performance also. We definitely look at that kind of band in terms 
of our growth. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
What is our margin on the Automotive segment if you could share that number? 
Manish Gangwal: 
So you're talking of gross margins at the Automotive segment versus Industry segment? 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yes, Gross margins. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Overall, Automotive segment margins are higher versus Industrial, but there are categories 
within Automotive, there is diesel engine oil, there is passenger car oil, there is motorcycle, 
each one has a different margin trajectory, gross margin trajectory. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Approximately, if you could net the whole Automotive segment, what would the gross margins 
be? 
Manish Gangwal: 
It will be very difficult to share because then there are lot of ATL, BTL activities which are 
needed to push the automotive products, whereas B2B, or industrial products are more direct. 
There are selling costs associated with that also so difficult to quantify. But overall, as a 
trajectory, automotive product has a slightly higher margin at gross level than the Industrial. 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Also, if you could just briefly tell me what raw material pricing affects your operating margins 
the most if there is anything that I can track in for catching the gross margins of the company 
overall, what raw material effects the margins the most? 
Manish Gangwal: 
aAs I mentioned in the previous question that base oil, which is our key raw material is linked 
to crude,there are global base oil indices, which can be tracked by all of you  which are 
publicly available data sometimes. Base oil is the key raw material which is linked to crude 
with a time lag of 1 to 2 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Fialoke from RatnaTraya Capital. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Sir, on the opening remarks, I missed the number, 
the core volume is 37 kl? 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes, 37,000 kl. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Right. Understood. And for the year, is it correct that probably on an estimated basis, the A&P 
spend would be around INR 125 crore. Is that right? 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Manish Gangwal: 
It is roughly 3%- 3.5% of the revenue. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Understood. Got it. If I may squeeze in then, this might be sort of a repetitive sort of a 
question, but on the volume side, the reported number is more closer to like a 3%-ish volume 
growth. And I understand there is an impact of factory fill. Could you maybe talk about this a 
little bit more from the factory fill perspective? Is it the 2-wheeler side that is feeling the stress 
or the 4-wheeler because some parts of the markets are putting out good production numbers, 
which should correlate well to our factory fill because 3% on an overall basis is on the lower 
side. Is that true? Is that what would be a good estimate from your end also? Just a little bit 
more color on the volume growth, that's all. 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes. So that's a very good question. I think we also mentioned that roughly total 10% of our 
volume is coming from factory fill and this is largely from Commercial Vehicle segment. We 
do not have any major factory fill in the Motorcycle or Car segment, which is obviously doing 
very well, we have seen that growth in Motorcycle, 2-wheeler is really 13% for the year in 
terms of Vehicle and Car is also almost near the double digit but Commercial Vehicle in the 
last two quarters has been slightly lower in terms of production, Commercial Vehicle OEMs 
and that's where we started getting some hit in terms of our overall volume growth. 
 
But excluding that, as we mentioned that for Q4, our volume growth is nearly 7% in the core 
lubricant, which is clearly 2x the market. Because OEM work production, we do not have any 
control, if they produce less, we have to sell less. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Right. That makes sense. And in the base March '23 quarters, was factory fill was also around 
10%? So was it around 3%, 3.5% sales? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Yes, it hovers around that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Arora from B&K Securities. 
Varun Arora: 
Sir, I just want 2 clarifications. First on PV market share. So we are holding 5% market share. 
Is that correct? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Around. It's slightly less. 4% to 5%, yes. 
Varun Arora: 
Okay. And the next one is on the -- so you're saying that after 15 months later, you have taken 
the price hike. So how much on that? I mean, in the percentage terms? 
Manish Gangwal: 
We mentioned that it is depending on category to category so depending on the competitive 
actions and overall market scenario and our input cost, where it has gone up in which product 
category more, we try to then take the price increases. Overall, in the range of around 2%, but 
varying between categories. 
Varun Arora: 
Okay. Fine, sir. Sir, just now on data center. Sir, anything Gulf Oil actually doing something 
on that -- on the data center. So anything we are developing any products for the data center 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 13 of 14 
 
since after maybe 2 to 3 years or maybe 4 to 5 years, this will be the humongous opportunity 
for the company?  
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes, the data center is definitely a buzz word we are seeing all around. We are looking at that 
segment, but it is an evolving segment. Definitely, that is an area which we want to look at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arya Patel from Emkay Global. 
Arya Patel: 
First of all, congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, I just had a question regarding what is 
the capex number for the FY '24? And are we planning any further capex in EV going ahead? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Our usual capex in the core lubricant business is roughly INR 20 crore, - INR 25 crore, which 
we have been guiding about. And last year also, we have spent nearly similar amount and we'll 
continue to do that in the current year as well. This is towards augmenting some of the filling 
capacity and storage capacity around on the lubricant parts. 
 
And in terms of EVs, we keep evaluating at the space, it's a very nascent space and evolving 
space so we keep exploring opportunities in the EV side where based on our strength of brand 
and distribution, how we can play a bigger role because while we know that the lubricants and 
ICE market, ICE vehicles are going to continue to grow, but there will be a certain percentage 
in certain categories, which will be converting to EV at least to some percentage and that's why 
we closely keep watch at the EV space and we keep exploring the opportunities there. 
Whatever we have done already is towards the charger manufacturing, AC chargers, slow AC 
charger, fast DC charger, software company, we have already done 3 investments, but we keep 
looking at this space. 
Arya Patel: 
Thank you. And one more question. Sir, can you guide us on the base oil trends currently? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Base oil follows crude. As we have mentioned in earlier questions that it went up to above $90 
recently and then now has come back to around $83- $84, which is a good sign. As long as the 
crude is in the range of below $90 or around $90 to $92 also, we see stability and unless the 
geopolitical situation turns really ugly, we believe that the crude will be in this range, and that 
should augur well for the stability of the margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Misha who is an individual investor. 
Misha: 
Sir, just 2 questions. So there is a steep increase in the other expenses on a 4-year basis that's 
approximately 18.5% to 19%. Could you help with some reasons around that, sir? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Large part of it is coming from obviously the A&P, which has been higher, which is the 
advertisement and promotions and also, since our volumes, including AdBlue, has gone up, 
freight has also gone up so these two contribute a large part of it. 
Misha: 
And sir, you mentioned in your press release that your export has picked up really well in this 
particular quarter. So what is the total percentage of export on your core volumes if we may 
get that? 

 
 
 
Gulf Oil Lubricants India Limited
 
 
May 22, 2024 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Manish Gangwal: 
We usually have around 5% to 6% in terms of export. In this quarter was slightly higher 
because some of the OEMs for which we export has been good. Overall, it is in the range of 
around 5%, 6% of our core lubricants. 
Misha: 
Understood. And the last one, sir, on the balance sheet, we see if we exclude the cash and cash 
equivalents, there is a slight deterioration in the net working capital that we have. So could you 
throw some light on how has been the working capital performance over the year? 
Manish Gangwal: 
Working capital has been quite stable. Overall, we continue to track in the range of around 105 
days of gross working capital, 105 to 110 days, which has been our sort of band in the past 
trend. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management of Gulf Oil for closing comments. 
Ravi Chawla: 
Yes. Thank you so much. Just to close off on the outlook, of course, we thank everybody for 
being on the call. As you see, the demand conditions are quite strong, given the economic GDP 
growth, the kind of thrust in terms of the manufacturing sector, infrastructure, it also will pick 
up now post elections, I think we are seeing strong growth potential for the industry. 
 
We also already detailed in this call that segments which are doing well for us and potential for 
us to grow in segments we are having lower market share. The brand we have is quite strong 
so both increasing distribution and increasing our customer base is the endeavour. We have 
always said 2x to 3x the market growth, which for us is a strategic focus. We are committed to 
outperform the industry growth rate. We also want to look at value growth, which is above 
that. Effective margin management, profitability and maximizing returns to shareholders has 
always been our mantra and in the outlook, of course, as Manish has also mentioned, we are 
looking at EV space, not only to grow our charger business, but to look at maybe some other 
investments. 
 
We are going to focus on growing ahead of the market in the strong product segments, like 
diesel engine oil motorcycle and even higher aggressive growth in segments where we have 
less than 5% to mention few like industrial and passenger cars. Series of new products have 
been launched and now definitely, we're seeing these being accepted by consumers. 
 
Our brand investments continue. As we mentioned, we have invested, we have a lot of brand 
investments into sports, into brand ambassadors like Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Hardik Pandya, 
Smriti Mandhana. Globally, we are doing Williams Racing with Formula 1 and of course, 
Chennai Super Kings. Our activities, both above the line, below the line have given us great 
results. I think this is the outlook that we continue and having had a quarter which has done 
really well, really happy to share that with all of you and hope we get your support going 
forward. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Service that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
