 
 
 
           
 
 
                                                                                                                                                          Redefining Business 
                                                                                                                                                                                     Services 
 
Updater Services Limited (earlier Updater Services Pvt Ltd)  
                                1st Floor, No.42, Gandhi Mandapam Road, Kotturpuram, Chennai - 600085 
+91 44 2446 3234 I 0333 I sales@uds.in I facility@uds.in I www.uds.in I 
CIN L74140TN2003PLC051955 
 
 
Our Values: happy people I clear purpose I better everyday I do good I balance all 
 
Date: 25/05/2024 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call held on 21st May,2024 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 13th May 2024, please find enclosed the transcripts of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on 21st May,2024. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Updater Services Limited 
 
 
 
Sandhya Saravanan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To: 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543996 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400051 
 
NSE Code: UDS 
SANDHYA
Digitally signed by SANDHYA 
Date: 2024.05.25 16:11:21 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Updater Services Limited 
Q4 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2024 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 21st, 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
• MR. RAGHUNANDANA TANGIRALA -- PROMOTER, MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHAIRMAN -- UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED 
• MR. AMITABH JAIPURIA -- NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR -- UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED 
• MS. RADHA RAMANUJAN -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED 
• MR. SNEHASHISH BHATTACHARJEE -- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF DENAVE, 
ELEVATED CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER BSS GROUP (UDS) -- UPDATER SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Updater Services Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghunandana, Tangirala, Promoter, Chairman and MD. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, thank you Manjula. Good afternoon to all of you, warm welcome to everybody present on 
this call. I have with me; Amitabh Jaipuria, Non-Executive Director, Radha Ramanujan, CFO, 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee, CEO of Denave, who is now also elevated as the CEO of the entire 
BSS Group of UDS. He will start taking ownership from 1st of June. So congratulations, 
Snehashish. Happy to have you as the CEO of the BSS Group. 
I hope all of you have got the investor deck by now and for those who have not got it, you could 
view them on the stock exchange or the company website. To give you a brief in a nutshell, UDS 
operates in the B2B space, offering a spectrum of business services which are broadly classified 
within our group as IFM segment and the BSS segment. When we say BSS, it is Business 
Support Services. 
Over the years, UDS standalone entity has evolved into an integrated business services platform 
which has been present in pan-India, servicing customers across industries and business lines. 
Also, you would all know acquisition of strong companies in BSS segment has taken the group 
globally and also made us more profitable. 
We are led by a well-qualified experienced management team, with a robust experience in all 
the sectors we operate and that's how we have demonstrated the ability to manage and grow our 
operations across segments. 
First, let me give you a brief on the BSS segment. In the BSS segment, we have witnessed a 
strong revenue growth of 32% over last year. Revenue stood at about INR802 crores. This is 
primarily attributed to strong growth we are witnessing in the sales enablement business. We're 
also growing the digital and field marketing segments in the BSS segment. 
 
This segment grew in spite of setbacks in employee background verification, one of the business 
services because of a freeze in IT hiring or slowdown in IT hiring. We are seeing improved 
traction this year in the IT hiring, though it won't be like what it was a couple of years back, but 
we are seeing traction. We have also moved from IT-focused companies. 
 
I'm talking just about the employee background verification. We've also moved from IT-focused 
to other sectors like banking and manufacturing. Another business in our BSS segment, which 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
is the airport ground handling business, we have picked up traction. We would be operating in 
22 airports from this quarter. So out of the 22, 16 are already operating about six will start getting 
operated anytime this month and next month. 
 
Beyond ground handling, we're also picking up other related airport and aviation services. We've 
also started an aviation training school, though for captive and also for people outside. This 
should definitely start profitabily contributing from the next two, three quarters. We've also got 
in these 22 airports, the marquee airport, which we expect actually the business to go much more 
than what we planned. These are airports like Ayodhya, Tirupati, and Pune which is already 
operational last one year. We see this segment to grow in the coming years. 
 
During Q4 full year, the BSS segment contributed 34% and 33% to revenues respectively. 
Within BSS segment, we offer a diverse range of services tailored to meet the evolving needs of 
our customers across various industries. This also helps us to increase our wallet share within 
the existing clients, while improving our margins on a consolidated level as business in BSS 
segment are highly margin accretive. 
 
As of 31st March 24, we have about 1,026 customers in BSS segment across key marquee 
clients, across segments like IT, BFSI, Manufacturing, ITES, Telecom and Aviation. Way 
forward for the BSS segment, we have plans to grow this more aggressive in terms of inorganic 
growth. That would mean acquisition in the BSS space. This is what our strategy when we did 
the prospectus or when we went for the listing. 
So, this would happen this year and the next year or going forward in this space because BSS 
will see a better value addition and better margin. We also plan to grow the BSS segment 
organically at around 18%, 20% and also further improving our margins. Our ability to 
successfully acquire and seamlessly integrate margin accretive business what will be a stepping 
stone for us and what separates us from our peers. 
All businesses in BSS segment have been through acquisition, which has successfully turned 
into a profitable business. BSS market is expected to expand at a pace of about 15% per annum 
inthe next three or four years, reaching a size of about INR15,000-odd crores. From this the 
biggest pie would be attributable to sales enablement, employee background verification and 
audit and assurance. All these BSS segment businesses are asset light and capital efficient in 
nature and in which we are already market leaders, we should grow faster than the industry. 
Now, moving to IFM segment, during Q4-24, our IFM segment contributed a significant 
contribution to our revenues, comprising approximately 66% of our total revenues and 67% for 
full year ended FY24. Within the IFM segment, we offer a comprehensive range of services 
catering to diverse clients, which includes soft and hard services. When we say hard services, it 
is the backend engineering services. Soft services include like housekeeping, cleaning, 
horticulture, pest control, and support services. We also do a large portion of our IFM business 
in the manufacturing segment, so we also have a warehouse management piece within that 
segment. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
At UDS, we continue to have a high focus on margins and capital efficiency. Given this 
backdrop, we have witnessed a growth of about 9% in IFM revenues, which stood about 
INR1,665 crores. This is due to us rationalizing our low-margin contract business. Wherever 
necessary, we have exited businesses that are not viable and concentrating now more on better-
margin businesses or higher-margin businesses. 
 
As of March 24, in the IFM segment, we have about 1,500 customers. Again, like I said, we 
have customer marquee names, so the Fortune 100, Fortune 500 names in manufacturing, in 
banking, in aviation, in healthcare, in hospitality, IT. Also, like earlier I said and this is what 
we've continued if you take a 5-year window we have a 95% customer retention rate. 
 
Going forward, we see the industry  front we continue to witness a shift of preference towards a 
fully integrated facilities management company with higher demand for solution-based 
offerings. We have always focused on offering a bouquet of services with higher technical 
capabilities which has separated us from our peers. Our quality and passion to provide quick 
turnaround solutions keeps us growing. 
 
We expect to continue to gain market share while maintaining a high focus on hard services 
which are engineering services which are better-margin and margin-accretive and also they are 
specialized in nature. As you all would know companies are increasingly outsourcing and 
outsourcing fully managed services and also outsourcing a complete integrated solution. So we 
will continue to capitalize on this and we'll continue to grow. 
 
The outsourced size of the IFM market is currently around INR40,000 crores. It includes both 
organized and the un-organized players and is expected to grow to about 80,000 crores by FY28 
which is roughly about 17% CAGR. The outsourced split is also going to go to increase. Going 
forward we are quite confident that our growth in numbers will stabilize at 3x of GDP growth. 
 
To summarize, there are particularly five levers of growth which we will clearly see, which are 
we want to retain, strengthen and grow our customer base, emphasizing our deepening 
relationship with customers through long-term renewable contracts, creating a stable revenue 
model. A strong brand and quality services enable customer retention and cross selling. Number 
two, we want to grow market share in the key segments expanding in key segments like 
commercial, real estate, industrial, manufacturing, and more like infrastructure projects like we 
already handle in the IFM about seven airports. 
 
We would like to do this on the side of large infrastructure projects. We also would introduce 
new products basically more on our technology where we will have a more technology-enabled 
service offering. We will continue to improve our operating margin by two ways. One is our 
operational efficiencies and two is the scale and the blend and mix of businesses, businesses in 
the sense within IFM the businesses and also we'll continue to be cross-sell between IFM and 
BSS. 
Like I said earlier we'll pursue the inorganic growth in the BSS space. We have raised money 
for inorganic growth and we will be doing it over the next two, three, four quarters. I'm happy 
to share that we've got a great place to work certification, highlighting our ability not just to hire, 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
but also to foster strong, dedication towards employee satisfaction. Apart from this, one of our 
group companies in the BSS space, Denave has been recognized as India's top 100 best 
workplaces for women.  
I think, I think that I'm done and I would hand it over to Radha Ramanujan who is our CFO to 
give you details on the Q4 and full year 24. So over to you, Radha. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Thanks, Raghu. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll first share the highlights of Q4 FY24 and then I 
will talk through the full year financials. I think all of you must have seen the deck which has 
been loaded as well. The total revenue from operations grew by 10% year-on-year to 6,326 
million. IFM segment grew by 8% year-on-year to 4,272 million and BSS segment revenue grew 
by 24% year-on-year to 2,174 million in Q4 of FY24. The revenue split between IFM and BSS 
is at 66% for IFM and 34% for BSS compared to 69% and 31% same time last year. 
 
The share of BSS is continuously growing in the overall revenue. EBITDA grew by 6% to 411 
million whereas if you see our presentation we have also given the adjusted EBITDA. The 
adjusted EBITDA degrew by 23% year-on-year to 383 million. The adjusted EBITDA is 
primarily excluding the one-off expenses like fair value changes and liabilities that are payable 
or paid to the promoters during the year on account of acquisitions. The amortization related 
expenses that also pertains to the acquisition and the ESOP cost. 
 
The adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 6%. Adjusted PAT was flat and it was 217 million. 
Whereas reported PAT witnessed a growth of 150% year-on-year and stood at 242 million. The 
cash PAT is at 336 million. During Q4 FY24, we added 18 logos in the IFM segment and 17 in 
the BSS segment.  
Now coming to the FY24 financials, the total revenue from operations grew by 16% year-on-
year to 24,561 million. The EBITDA grew by 41% to 1,459 million. Whereas the adjusted 
EBITDA grew by 12% year-on-year to 1,666 million. 
 
And the adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 6.8%. Just to give you the break-up between the 
reported and adjusted EBITDA, in FY24, the ESOP cost is 101 million. The fair value change 
in liability payable and paid to promoters of the acquired subsidiary is 106 million. Denave is in 
the final stage of becoming fully owned. We have already provided for the acquisition cost. It's 
just a regulatory activity now going on and then we will complete the promoter share acquisition. 
 
And by FY27, Athena also would become 100% subsidiary of the company. During this year 
also there is a 16.5% buyback of promoter share for which provision has been made. Hence, the 
effect of fair value expenses going ahead will keep decreasing as we keep increasing our 
ownership in the subsidiary companies. As mentioned earlier if we take a hit on fair value it 
means the business is outperforming our expectation and that is the reason we have o pay out 
more.   
But it's a good sign to have it because that money will come back as a future benefit for us. If 
the business continues to perform, it's a future benefit ,  and by FY27 Athena would also become 
100% subsidiary and we will not have the adjustment on account of fair value or amortization 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
going forward. On the adjusted level, the EBITDA margin has come down by 0.2%. This also 
primarily due to the last quarter impact. 
We have taken a few large-value project business in IFM and new business in BSS and once we 
stabilize the operation, this will start giving benefit in the subsequent quarters. Adjusted PAT 
grew by 9% year-on-year to 925 million whereas reported PAT grew by 91% year-on-year to 
663 million. And the cash  PAT grew by 21% year-on-year to 1,409 million. Our adjusted ROCE 
stands at 24%. We are a net cash company and the net debt-to-equity stood at negative 0.39x as 
of 31st March 2024.  
During the financial year, we added 78 new logos in IFM segment. New logos, I mean the new 
customers. And 51 logos in the BSS segment. The total headcount at the year-end stood at 51,876 
for IFM segment. And it was 13,356 for BSS segment. You may also observe a little bit of 
inconsistency in the reported revenue in our presentation versus the P&L which is published. 
That is primarily on account of removing the interest income from other income. 
As you may be aware, for Ind-AS purpose, even the interest income gets reported as other 
income, as a part of operating income. Since we have been removing the interest income from 
the operating EBITDA earlier,  to maintain consistency even in this quarter and this financial 
yearfor the investor deck, we have removed it. But going ahead, we will report or we will make 
a presentation in line with the published P&L ie.,  audited P&L.  
 
And we will only have the reported PAT and all other line items aligned with the published P&L. 
With this, I will open the floor for question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Balaji from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Balaji: 
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. My first question would be, could you give the 
FY’24 revenue numbers for Athena and Denave? And also, it would be helpful if we can have 
the segmental EBITDA, which is the EBITDA for both the segments, which is IFM and BSS, 
for FY’24. That would be my first set of housekeeping questions. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay, I will just read out the FY’24 top line. You wanted Denave and Athena. 
Balaji: 
That's right. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay, just one second. Denave has reported a turnover of INR 4,550 million and Athena's 
turnover is 1,488 million. 
Balaji: 
You said 4,650 for Denave. If I got you right? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
4,550 million. 
Balaji: 
4,550 million. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
1,489 Athena. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Balaji: 
Okay. So if I follow up on that, I can see that despite the revenue growth being quite healthy at 
around 25% for Denave, the absolute EBITDA has come up from 336 million to 294 million. 
So that is a reasonable, almost 270 basis points EBITDA margin contraction. So could you please 
throw some light on what exactly happened and going forward, how should be the EBITDA 
margin for Denave? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay. With respect to EBITDA margin, you're only specifically asking Denave or Denave and 
Athena together? 
Balaji: 
So more specifically on Denave, because Athena, I can see it is almost steady, as in based on the 
numbers you just mentioned. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes. Denave, we had a little bit of a dip in the margin in the last quarter. Since Snehashish is on 
the call, if he can brief the business situation, I will also help on the financial numbers… 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: Sure, Radha. Thank you for pulling me in. So a quick update on the Q4 drop that we see there. 
There are primarily two factors here. One, over the last two quarters, we had an increase in our 
overall revenue from some of our telecom customers, where the margins are lower. And 
therefore, we have a significant jump in top line, but we've had a not equivalent increase in the 
bottom line, number one. 
But these projects, when we execute them, they also come with their related costs, which in the 
first one quarter, two quarters, sit on the payroll at a higher percentage versus going forward 
they stabilize. That is the first primary reason. The second primary reason also is during this 
particular period, because a good chunk of our customers are also from the technology industry. 
And at that point of time, there were certain inconsistencies in their plans, basis the cost 
optimization drives that were happening. There were temporary impacts that we also faced in 
the Q4 quarter four, which in Q1, we should be able to take care of, as it should be better in Q1. 
I hope that answers your question. 
Balaji: 
Got it. So, is it fair to say that, you know, in FY’25, we will go back somewhere closer to the 
margin levels we had in FY’23? 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: That is the plan, yes. 
Balaji: 
Got it. And, you know, my second question again to Radha was on the segmental breakup for 
EBITDA between IFM and BSS. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay. We haven't shared it in the deck, the segmental breakup BSS is about close to 100 million. 
You want for the Q4 or for the year? 
Balaji: 
Full year will be more useful. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay. The BSS segment has about 365 million and the IFM segment is around 440 million. And 
we have an elimination of around 130 million, which effectively goes into the IFM segment. So, 
INR36 crores on BSS and INR30 crores on IFM. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Balaji: 
INR36 crores on BSS and? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
INR30 crores on IFM. 
Balaji: 
Now, this is for which period because I can, this is adjusted EBITDA or reported EBITDA? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
This is reported PAT. 
Balaji: 
Okay. And how were these numbers last year? Because I do have a number from INR77 crores 
for BSS for FY23. So, is that INR77 crores apples-to-apples with this INR36 crores for BSS? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
BSS last year was around INR53 crores. The apple-to-apple comparison is INR53 crores versus 
INR36 crores. Like we mentioned in the previous three quarterly calls, we also had some setback 
in the background verification business in Q1, Q2. That has resulted in some amount of margin 
erosion in the business, which has been picking up now. 
Balaji: 
Okay. Got it. And my next set of questions would be on this BSS segment, if I may. So, you 
have classified, something which used to be under sales enabled and services revenue under 
other BSS revenue. So, what is the rationale behind that? And I can also see that your 3Q PPT 
mentions 1,700 plus customers for BSS, while this time around you called out 1,026. So, any 
reclassification there? That will be helpful. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes, what we mentioned is any customer who is contributing to less than INR5 lakhs as a 
revenue, we have eliminated. And we also eliminated customers who have been there like one-
off projects and then exiting. So, that's why we have made it only continuing customers and 
customers who are making significant impact. 
Balaji: 
Got it. And what about the other BSS revenue, which you called out? As in earlier, sales 
enablement services used to be some 23%-24% of your revenue. Now, there's a little around 
10.5%-11%. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
See, the sales enablement in Denave, we are also tracking the revenue in multiple segments like 
marketing services -- digital marketing services, business analytical services, pure sales 
enablement services like that. So the rest also will be part of -- if you put it in the overall context, 
the 19% which is missing in the chart is actually end of the game is driving towards sales 
enablement. 
Balaji: 
Okay, got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhvani from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Dhvani:  
I just wanted to understand one thing. In the stand-alone business that you report, the margins 
have come off from 2.4% to 1.7%. I believe this pertains to the IFM segment mainly. If you can 
explain a little bit about the margins in IFM and how we should look at them going forward. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
See, in IFM also, earlier like Raghu mentioned, during the year, we had margin eroding contracts 
and we have taken a conscious call to come out of those business. We had the people first 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
continued for some time while we exited the business. While saying so, we also got into the 
high-value projects. 
 
We are getting more and more project business now. We are in the initial stage of setting up the 
project business. And once we stabilize, even that will come back as a higher throughput with a 
stable margin. So, we have a bit of a setback in margin in Q3 and little extending into Q4. But 
we will even out by Q2 of FY'25. 
Dhvani:  
So, this would be the last quarter for exiting these businesses. Now, going forward for the next 
two quarters, it will just be due to ramp up of these new projects. Is that understanding correct? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
It takes a couple of quarters to settle down. And then, hopefully, by the second quarter, it will 
start… 
Dhvani:  
Understood. And in terms of the BSS business, quarter-on-quarter, there have been some 
declines. While you all mentioned that Denave does well in the quarter, given that the revenues 
are sitting because you all have some new telecom customers. So what is leading to the decline 
quarter-on-quarter? We believe Matrix had bottomed out in the last quarter. So if you can give 
some comment? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Matrix profitability  compared to the Q1 and Q2. The Q3, Q4 profitability has improved better. 
Dhvani:  
I am referring to the revenues, not the profitability. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
The revenue is dropping. Probably, Snehashish, if you can throw some highlight on BSS revenue 
dropping . 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: Yes. Like I said, along with our increase in the low margin business in the Q4, we had some 
market impacts from the technology sector because of the cost cuts that were happening there, 
which is why our Q4, there was a muted growth in terms of revenue. I hope that answers your 
query. 
Dhvani:  
Yes. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
It is not substantially dropped also. There is a minor drop. If you see Q1, Q2, Q3, the revenues 
have been going up. Only in Q4, there is a drop in one particular company in the BSS segment. 
The rest of the companies have held on to their revenues. 
Dhvani:  
Understood. Also, could you explain the reason for the change in accounting policy for 
depreciation? Why exactly has there been a change from written down value to SLM? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
As a company, all our subsidiaries, all of us are using a straight-line method. We started investing 
in airport ground handling assets last year. So, immediately when the assets came in, in UDS   
went with the WDV method. 
 
But considering the assets have got a longer useful life and also the revenues, the asset also earns 
fixed revenues further by way of  lease rental. So in line with the useful life of the asset  and also 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
the principle which all our subsidiaries followed, UDS has also moved into straight-line method 
of depreciation. 
Dhvani:  
Understood. And just one last question. If you can just give the quantification of ground handling 
for this quarter. Did we break even in the quarter? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
In the last quarter, we didn't break even because we had to do certain annual adjustments of 
rectification entries and other things. But however, basis the traction in Q1 '25, we should break 
even. 
Dhvani:  
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Kulkarni from BMSPL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. So a couple of questions on both the verticals. 
So starting with BSS, could you explain what the company's vision is with this vertical and what 
was the thought process behind making acquisitions to grow this vertical? And how the vertical 
is any different from any other BPO business and what type of ROCEs can we generate from 
this vertical? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Raghu, shall I continue or would you want to take it up? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: I will add if required. Just give the rationale why BSS and why the space and the value and 
margin that we see in the BSS. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay. So, BSS primarily consists of  Matrix, Avon, Global, Denave and Athena. These are the 
five subsidiaries which we call it as a business support services. What we do in business support 
service is the sales enablement services which primarily comes from Denave and Athena. Audit 
assurance, employee background verification services which comes from our Matrix Group 
company.  
The mail room management, niche logistic solution and now they are attending to the warehouse 
management as well, this comes from Avon. And airport ground handling system which is 
through our subsidiary Global. We do the baggage, cargo handling, passenger movement and 
everything. And the reason why we focus on BSS as a strategy to acquire is because, they add 
offerings that are definitely complementary and supplementary to the current existing portfolio.  
So like we have engineering service, staffing service and the integrated facility management and 
mail room management also combined together. We have engineering service, production 
support service, staffing service and we add the to them  complemenatry service like  employee 
background, field management. So the business support service primarily is aimed at 
complementing our existing IFM services. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: If I can add here, our strategy of this inorganic growth and acquisition in the BSS space is to be 
margin accretive. IFM happens to be single digit margins and BSS is a double digit margin. That 
was the strategy of this inorganic growth in the BSS space. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
And to add to that in the BSS space, what we do is we have been market leaders in both Athena 
and in Denave. That is also what I would contribute like that strategy to why to get into that 
space. They do very specialized BPO services if you want to call that. 
 
That's the reason we wanted to get into this space. And also in the future, we would add our 
acquisitions or any new acquisition within this space which would complement our existing 
businesses. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
And it's also a strategy to capture higher revenue. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
And on the ROCE part, if you can just tell me what kind of ROCE does the vertical generate for 
the company? I mean only for that vertical. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay, I have the overall company ROCE reported is 18.3%, I can work for individual companies 
return on capital. Except for global, every other company is very light on capital expenditure. In 
fact, almost nil except for few technological developments which they do. I will share that ROCE 
by segment separately. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: If you want me to give you a very approximate number, it will not be very different between 
BSS and IFM. Barring global alone which comes under BSS, so we think overall company 
ROCE was 25% or 24%, I don't remember. It should be around that range. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
The reported number is 18.3%. And if I exclude global assets from this, the ROCE will move to 
24%. So yes, BSS and IFM has to be in the similar range. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Understood. And secondly on the IFM business, does the IFM business have any residential real 
estate exposure? Is the company offering its IFM services in the growing real estate market in 
India right now? Because we can stand to benefit a lot if that is the case. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, I see that. That's a good question. We have not been majorly into the residential segment. 
We have always focused on B2B. I mean residential also you could call it B2B now because 
they are into large housing and all. We would definitely endeavour to do that. We will work 
towards it where the project size is bigger. But we don't want to go into the low end or mid end 
residential sector IFM. So this is something which we have on our cards. 
Aniket Kulkarni: 
Okay, understood. Okay, thank you for answering my questions and best of luck for the coming 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Roshni Galani from ICICI Prudential. Please 
go ahead. 
Roshni Galani: 
Hi, thanks for taking my questions. So with respect to the fair value changes number in this 
quarter has been negative. There has been a reversal in the fair value changes liability. So what 
would be the key reasons for the same? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes, during the quarter there was an adjustment which we made to initial projection. We thought 
the businesses will exceed. So we kept providing in the first three quarters and the business did 
what was expected. There was no surprise on overachieving the numbers. Like we said in the 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
last quarter even in Denave, there was a little bit of drop in the profitability. So we have reversed 
the provisioning for that. 
Roshni Galani: 
The provisioning reversal is because of Denave or Athena? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
It's primarily for Denave. 
Roshni Galani: 
Okay. And going forward, how are we expecting Denave's performance to be? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes, you had a reassurance from Snehashish. So yes, Q1 will settle down and Q2 onwards the 
BSS segment will normalize. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Roshni, in the BSS segment including Denave, we expect to grow between 15% to 18% the 
current year. However, the first quarter in Denave alone could be flattened like the last quarter 
or a little improvement. Because of the investment done, they will start kicking in from second 
quarter. So overall, we will expect between 15% to 18% in all the BSS segment companies 
together. 
Roshni Galani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naitik Mohata from Sequent Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Good afternoon, sir and thank you for the opportunity. My first question would be what would 
be our ESOP guidance for FY'25? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Currently We have ESOP pool which can be allocated to the employees. The board is discussing 
on that. Probably by the next quarter board meeting we will decide on how and what is the 
quantum and then we will share it with you. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Just for clarity, would it be somewhere around this year's number or it would be significantly 
different from this one? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Radha, I think what he is asking is the provisions you made for ESOP last year, this year and 
next year. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
It may not as much as this year. We expect it to be half of the current year provision. However, 
we cannot call it out in case if it is required because we do have ESOP pools available. So if I 
have to share the numbers, it was INR5 crores in the prior to previous year. However, it could 
be around INR5 crores-INR6 crores next year. It was INR10 crores last year. We may get into 
INR5 crores-INR6 crores but again it is all subject to the board discussion. 
Naitik Mohata: 
My second question would be regarding the employee cost. For the current quarter our employee 
cost is almost 80% of our top line. Which is slightly higher from our average of around 66%-
67%. So what would be the reason for that? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
See the way we explained earlier also, we are investing, we are starting the project based 
business. And also in Denave we have reclassified expenses ,  started a new business where the 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
employees are slightly more. As we stabilize the business and as we get on to that, this employee 
cost will remain the same but productivity will improve. 
 
If you see overall also as a company we have not increased the employee count between the year 
beginning to year end. But the productivity per employee has substantially gone up. The overall 
employee cost as a percentage to top line also come down by 0.2%. It was 8.28 and it has come 
to 8.01. So we have reduced the cost by 0.2%. While last quarter because of slight dent in the 
top line, the absolute percentage looks higher. But if you see the productivity per employee in 
the last quarter, it is above the annual average. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Okay ma'am. So can it be expected for these new businesses, the one in Denave as well to start 
contributing meaningfully to the top line from Q1? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
We mentioned it will start from Q2. 
Naitik Mohata: 
Okay. Alright. Thank you, ma'am. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Jethwa from KSA Shares and Securities 
Private limited. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Good afternoon and thank you for the good set of numbers which you have put. My couple of 
questions are there. First is related to the segmental revenue in the audit report. In the BSS 
segment on FY'24 revenues and FY'23 revenues, there is a significant dip in the profit before 
tax. Could you please add some color on that ma'am? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
You are talking about BSS segment? 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Yes. BSS segment ma'am. Segmental revenue. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Okay. Once the segmental revenue has slightly come down, there is no significant dip in the 
segmental revenue per se. There is a dip in the segmental profitability. For example, the 
segmental revenue has grown by 18%. So where do you find the significant dip in segmental 
revenue? 
Manoj Jethwa: 
No. I am not talking about the segmental revenue in segment results. There is a profit before tax. 
As compared to March 2023, it was 659 million which has been reduced to 488 million. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes. In the profit, we had two issues. One, in our matrix business, the profitable business, there 
was a setback. The employee background verification business which used to be a high margin 
business, there was a low volume in that business. So we had drop in profitability in that 
business. And in Denave, we had drop in profitability in the last quarter. 
 
These two contributed to the overall drop in the BSA segment profit. And there is a slight 
increase in the loss of Global because we have been setting up all new airports. During last year, 
we have commissioned close to 16 airports operational. The initial set up cost, it also added 
slightly to the operating loss of that company compared to last year. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Okay. Fair enough. And my second question would be about the fair value changes in liability 
payable to promoters of acquired subsidiaries. Is there the target of the subsidiary company has 
not been achieved? So that's why there is a dip in the payment which we have to make it? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
The voice is breaking in between. 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Madam, my query is regarding the fair value changes in liabilities payable to promoters of 
acquired subsidiaries. You see the negative figure of 47 million. So just need to understand 
whether the subsidiary companies have missed the milestones for that. Any milestones for the 
payment relating to the payment which was supposed to be made? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
See, like I explained earlier to Roshni, that is we have provided in the books for a higher 
achievement. Last year we had to pay substantially. If you see, we w have paid INR9 crores 
more on account of overachievement of the number compared to what was set in the FVC. 
 
So this year also anticipating that the verticals will overachieve, we had done provision. But 
Athena's numbers have been almost flat. And we had a small dip in Denave compared to what 
we estimated. So that has resulted in reversal of the FVC provision. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: To answer that question, sir, I'll tell you, we had expected them to over perform, but they've 
done exactly what was the as per the planned. So what we have provided, that INR4.5 crores or 
INR5 crores, we have reversed it. 
Manoj Jethwa: 
Okay. That's fair enough. Thank you. That's all from my side, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. Mr. Rahil? 
Rahil Shah: 
Hi. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes, hi. Just one question for, as a whole, on a consolidated level. If you have any guidance or 
outlook in terms of supply and demand for this year, it would be really helpful? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Radha, can I take it? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes. Please, sir, go ahead. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: See, I would be constrained to give you exact real guidance, but I could tell you our business 
plan is, this years. That is the current year FY’25, we plan to do between 15% to 18% both top 
line and bottom line growth. I'm talking of reported PAT. Does that answer? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Rahil? 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes, thank you. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please, go 
ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Just wanted your thoughts on the project-based business in IFM. If you 
could just give this color, some color on what this business is about, what's the nature of the 
business. And you also mentioned some new business in Denave. So, if you could give some 
color on both, it will be helpful? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Should I take that, Radha? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Yes, you can. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. Sir, IFM business, I don't know, I think what Radha would have earlier mentioned is some 
project businesses in Denave, or in the BSS space, they would have exited or something. But in 
the IFM business, there is no project-based business we do. They're all either long-term contract 
or a medium-term contract business. That's what we do in the IFM space. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Raghu, what I meant is the recent one where we have spent more money like, I don't know 
whether I can quote the name, the two, three companies. There, it is a reimbursement model. We 
have spent money ahead and also the one which we inaugurated today, the IICS. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Right. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
It just got advanced in the last quarter, so we need to settle down and then ensure it gets 
reimbursed appropriately. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Right. So, they're basically upfront spending on the overall project. So, that is what could be 
called as project-based because that is something which is an annual recurring in nature. But the 
expense of some project could have been big in the last quarter. 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: If I may add to that, Raghu. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes. 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: From the BSS perspective, the project-based businesses that Radha is talking about is primarily 
at the Denave level where apart from the annuity contracts that we have for sales services, we 
also have marketing activation programs, we also have intelligent database services which are 
all project-based. 
 
So, there we acquire customers. There is more of a strategy to get a foot in the door with 
customers and then over a period of time, create stickiness through our other recurring 
businesses. So, Radha was referring to those project businesses. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Okay. Are the margins in this business lower than the average or higher than the average? 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: Are you referring to the project ones? 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Yes. 

Updater Services Limited 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: So, most of the project businesses are higher than average. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Okay. 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: Some of them significantly higher and some of them are averagely higher. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So, this reimbursement model which Radha mentioned was in the IFM business, is it? And not 
in the BSS? 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: So, in the BSS, we do have a staffing portion which is the telecom business. It's not really 
staffing. It's what we call field sales and marketing where we are focusing on activating the retail 
store sales. There, yes, the volume of the revenue is higher and the margin is lower. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
And on the IFM side? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
IFM side, it will be slightly higher. There could be a timing difference between booking expenses 
and claiming the reimbursement. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
So, in which kind of an industry does this kind of a contract come up typically? 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Currently, we are running one convention centre end-to-end. Similarly, there is one customer 
we also manage their guest house and everything. So, it's not just the facility management. We 
also supply items for them and then recover it subsequently. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Understood. Fair enough. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, thank you all of you present there and thank you for all your support. We will definitely try 
to do better than what we have done last year. Like, I can't give a guidance, but this is what we 
would plan to do is between a 15% to 18% growth both bottom and top line. So, thank you all 
of you. 
Radha Ramanujan: 
Thanks. Thanks, everyone. 
Snehashish Bhattacharjee: Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Updater Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
