• 
 
 
 
ZF Group 
 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
 
(Formerly known as WABCO INDIA Limited) 
 
Plot No.3 (SP), Third Main Road,  
Registered Office: Plot No.3 (SP), Third Main Road, 
Ambattur Industrial Estate,  
Ambattur Industrial Estate, Chennai - 600058. India 
Chennai - 600058. India  
CIN: L34103TN2004PLC054667 
Phone: +91 44 4224 2000 
  
Phone:  +91 44 42242000. Fax: +91 44 42242009 
Fax: +91 44 4224 2009 
www.zf.com  
www.zf.com 
 
Commercial Vehicle Solutions 
Department 
Finance  
From 
Muthulakshmi M 
Phone 
+91 044-4224 2000 
Email 
muthulakshmi.m@zf.com  
Date 
June 03, 2024 
ZF Group · ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited, Chennai 600058 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip code: 533023 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
Trading Symbol: ZFCVINDIA  
 
 
ISIN : INE342J01019 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Call for the fourth quarter & year ended March 31, 2024 
 
In continuation of our letters dated 16th May 2024 and 27th May 2024 pursuant to intimation and 
recording of investor’s call, we hereby inform that the transcript of the call has been uploaded on 
the website of the Company and the same can be accessed through the following link: 
 
https://www.zf.com/mobile/en/company/investor_relations/zf_cv_india_investor_relations/zf_cv_india_ir.html#shareholderinvestormeeting_acc_656449_0  
 
Request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
  
Yours sincerely, 
ZF Group 
 
 
 
 
Muthulakshmi M  
Company Secretary 
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited 
(Formerly known as WABCO INDIA Limited)  
 
 
MANOHARAN 
MUTHULAKSHMI
Digitally signed by 
MANOHARAN MUTHULAKSHMI 
Date: 2024.06.03 19:02:41 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India 
Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P KANIAPPAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR –  
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MS. SWETA AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MS. M. MUTHULAKSHMI - COMPANY SECRETARY –  
ZF COMMERCIAL VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ - BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems 
India Limited Q4 and FY24 earnings conference call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities 
India Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj from Batlivala & Karani Securities 
India Securities Private Limited.  
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today and welcome to ZF Commercial 
Vehicle Control Systems India Limited call to brief you on the quarterly earnings. Today, the 
fourth quarter earnings and annual results for FY 2023-2024 will be presented by the 
management team of ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited. Your host today 
from ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited are Mr. P Kaniappan, Managing 
Director, Ms. Sweta Agarwal, CFO and Ms. M. Muthulakshmi, Company Secretary. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. P Kaniappan who will provide further insights into the 
results.  
Over to you, sir. 
P Kaniappan: 
Thank you, Mr. Jayaraj. Good afternoon to all of you! I warmly welcome you all to ZF 
Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited’s fourth-quarter results and full-year 
performance for FY 2023-24. 
Certain forward-looking statements that we'll make today are based on management's good faith 
expectations and beliefs concerning future developments. As you know, actual results may differ 
materially from these expectations as a result of many factors.  
ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited’s results for the quarter ending  
March 31, 2024, and the annual performance for FY 2023-24 were published on May 24, 2024. 
They are available on the website www.zf.com under the ZF CV India investor relations section. 
We hope that you have had an opportunity to go through them. 
A transcript & recorded audio of this call will also be made available on the website www.zf.com 
under the ZF CV India investor relations section. 
 I am happy to talk to you today as we give you an update about the business of the company. 
First, I will start with industry and economic updates.  
I would like to start by talking about a few key macroeconomic aspects relevant to our industry. 
The Indian economy is growing at a robust pace with an average annual growth of 8 percent 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
during the last three years. India continues to be the fastest-growing major economy in the world, 
supported by an upturn in the investment cycle and a revival in manufacturing. 
As per the second advance estimates (SAE), released by RBI, real gross domestic product (GDP) 
expanded at 7.6 percent in FY 2023-24 and 8.4 percent in Q3 FY 2023 -24, with strong 
investment activity and a lower drag from net external demand. 
Looking ahead, the monsoon is expected to be normal, which should support agricultural 
activity. Manufacturing is expected to maintain its momentum on the back of sustained 
profitability. Services activity is likely to grow above the pre-pandemic trend. 
Headwinds from geopolitical tensions, volatility in international financial markets, geoeconomic 
fragmentation, rising Red Sea disruptions, and extreme weather events, however, pose risks to 
the outlook.  
Taking all these factors into consideration, real GDP growth for 2024-25 is projected at 7.0 
percent and CPI inflation for 2024-25 is projected at 4.5 percent. The growth prospects of the 
Indian economy in 2024-25 looks bright. 
 
Indian commercial vehicle industry: fuelled by government investment in infrastructure, stable 
fuel prices, and a strong industrial sector (IIP growth of 5.8%), CV vehicle production (>6T) 
experienced a growth of 6.5% in FY 23-24. However, in Q4 FY 2023 -24, there was a degrowth 
since OEMs probably focused on inventory reduction measures. 
 
Now I would like to share some insights on the specific initiatives undertaken by the company 
during FY 2023- 24  
 
OE Sales: 
In Q4, the production of CVs (>6T) de-grew by 7.2% due to the inventory reduction measures 
by OEMs, and our company grew by 0.8%, outperforming the market by 8%. In FY 2023 -24, 
against 6.5% growth in OE vehicle production (>6T)) the company recorded OE sales growth 
of 16% thus outperforming the market by 9.5%.  
This was due to the following key growth drivers: -  
• 
Launch of pneumatic and hydraulic Electronic Stability Control for buses complying 
with new regulations  
• 
Increase in Tractor–trailer combination to 17% from 8% (the year before) and growing 
adoption of Lift axle control systems in the trailer segment. 
• 
Increased adoption of High-force actuators in heavy-duty trucks and Advanced Air 
processing units in the bus segment. 
 
In the next few years, electric bus production is expected to increase rapidly. The company is 
well prepared to meet these increasing demands with its portfolio of e-mobility technologies 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
including e-compressor (e-comp), Electronic Braking Systems (EBS), Electronic Stability 
Control (ESC), and Electronically Controlled Air Suspension (ECAS) among others.  
The Government is expected to mandate the Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) 
(Advanced Emergency Braking System, Lane Departure Warning System) regulation in the next 
few years. The company is working with OEMs and co-creating advanced Safety and ADAS 
roadmaps to meet future customer and regulatory requirements.  
Aftermarket: 
Our aftermarket sales grew at 4.5% in Q4 and 11.5% in FY23-24. The drop in Q4 is attributed 
to lower activity in mining and the slowdown in government-funded projects.  
The growth in the Aftermarket segment is driven by: 
• 
Launch of new products including Door Control Systems (11 variants)  
• 
Improved penetration of digital solutions  
• 
Increase in ~2500 connected vehicles in Q4 and 58,500 vehicles in FY 23-
24 Total connected vehicles ~170,300 
• 
Trailer Pulse for the trailer segment (650+ trailers of leading hazardous 
cargo carrier fleets connected) 
• 
Growing sales in the STU segment. 
• 
Increase in the sale of Automatic Slack Adjusters and Clutch master cylinder  
• 
Use of data analytics to identify and address the white spots of top 10 products. 
 
Export of goods: The company had registered a degrowth in exports of Goods in FY 2023-24 at 
2.3% and a degrowth of 15.5% in Q4 of FY 23-24. This degrowth is due to a sales drop in Q4 
caused by inventory reductions and delays in sea shipments as lead time increased from 6 weeks 
to 8/9 weeks. However, the future looks positive due to increasing order books and the new 
projects in the pipeline. Mainly, clutch compressor assembly and actual assembly for new 
customers. 
 
Export of services: Export of services grew at 14.1% in Q4 and 30.5% at full year FY23-24 due 
to increasing engineering activity from India to Global.  
Footprint expansion: The company inaugurated its 6th manufacturing plant in India on February 
14, 2024, at Oragadam near Chennai. The inauguration took place in the presence of 
distinguished guests including Dr. TRB. Rajaa, Honourable Minister for Industries, Government 
of Tamil Nadu and Professor Dr. Peter Laier, member of the Board of Management's setup 
group. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Spanning over 7,000 square meters, the plant will operate as a hub for manufacturing and 
assembling electric mobility and advanced mobility technologies for light, medium and heavy-
duty commercial vehicles. This plant underscores our commitment to sustainability by operating 
with 100% renewable energy from day one. The facility has a solar power plant capable of 
generating up to 450-kilowatt peak power supplemented by further solar and wind energy 
through long-term contracts. Additionally, the plant incorporates rainwater collection and reuse 
systems aiming to achieve water neutrality by 2025. The plant is operated by around 80% of 
women employees.  
 
ZF CV Control Systems Manufacturing India Pvt. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
company, commenced its commercial production in March 2023. The WoS recorded sales of 
34.8 Crores and PAT of 1.7 crores. This entity is eligible for a lower tax rate of 15% and actions 
are being taken to ramp up production at this entity, at the new site. 
 
CSR Outreach: The company’s CSR efforts are guided by ZF Group's ‘Acting Now’ principles, 
focusing on four pillars: improving road safety, enhancing the quality of life in neighbouring 
communities, promoting environmental sustainability, and supporting skill upgradation.  
 
During the year, the company took up the following CSR initiatives.  
Road safety 
• 
Provided braking system, overhauling and testing equipment at 20 Regional 
Workshops and Driver Training Institutes under the State Transport Undertaking (STU) in 
Chennai, Lucknow, and Jamshedpur. 
• 
Worked with the local authorities and installed/upgraded 9 solar-based traffic signals 
and  20 blinkers in the Avadi Traffic Zone 
 Skill Upgradation  
• 
Set up a Skill lab (Mechanical) at Govt Polytechnic, Pantnagar. 
• 
Set up computer lab, advanced fitter and welding lab, soldering labs at Govt 
Polytechnic and Govt ITI in Barabanki, Lucknow.  
Community Development 
• 
Upgradation of primary health centres across multiple locations in proximity of our 
plants to support them with the necessary medical infrastructure and critical medical equipment.  
• 
Installed 365 solar streetlights, in communities near Lucknow, Jamshedpur, and 
Chennai. 
• 
Supported 5,000 cyclone-affected families in collaboration with local authorities 
during the Michuang Cyclone 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Sustainability 
• 
Restored a 650 square meter pond in Mappedu 
• 
Replanted 5,400 trees with proper watering systems, post-cyclone 
Awards and recognitions:  
During the financial year, ZF Commercial Vehicle Control Systems India Limited won the 
following customer awards in FY 2023-24 
• 
“Sustainability Excellence Award” from TATA Motors 
• 
Special award for “Partnership and collaboration” from VE Commercial Vehicles 
• 
“Best Technology Partner Award” from Mahindra Truck and Bus  
• 
“Green Channel Supplier” recognition from Ashok Leyland Ltd.    
• 
“MyTVS Partnership Excellence award” for Aftermarket support from Key Mobility 
Ambattur plant won the Responsible Manufacturer Award Gold Category from Kaizen Institute 
in recognition of our ESG performance. The Ambattur plant was also awarded the Platinum 
Award for overall EHS, environment, health, safety practices at the CII National EHS 
Competition. The Mahindra World City plant was awarded the Going Global commendation 
from CII for its export performance.  
Our employees continued to demonstrate high levels of engagement and participated in various 
external total employee involvement competitions, winning numerous awards across several 
categories in the last fiscal year. I'm happy to share that in Q4 FY'23-'24, our teams won a total 
of nine national awards in the various competitions organized by the CII, ACMA and QCFI, and 
many more awards at regional levels. 
BRSR: The company will be publishing its first ever integrated annual report along with the 3rd 
BRSR report for the year. We are happy to state that in some key parameters like utilization of 
energy from renewable sources, wastewater generation, water consumption and waste 
generation, the company showed significant year-on-year improvement.  
Now moving on to our financial performance for the quarter. For your ready reference, the 
results were made public at 4.47 PM on 24th May 2024. I hope you have had a chance to go 
through that.  
As stated, commercial vehicle production (>6T) de-grew by 7.2% over the same quarter in the 
previous year. However, CV production registered a growth of 6.5% for the full year 2023-24, 
over 2022-23. I would like to state that the company outperformed by 8% in this quarter and 
9.5% in the full year 2023-24. 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Our sales thus to OEMs in this quarter is 474.3 crores which is 0.8% higher than the prior 
corresponding quarter. We also closed the year with sales to OEMs at INR 1853.8 crores, which 
is 16% higher than the previous year. 
Our aftermarket sales were up 4.7% over the same quarter in the previous year amounting to 130 
crores; and Year-on-year, our aftermarket grew by 11.5% to 478.5 crores. 
Our engineering and other services continue to provide very strong value to our customers in the 
group. The growth in service income is very healthy at 14.1% in the corresponding quarter and 
30.5% YoY. 
Though the market is facing some headwinds in the near term, our fundamentals remain strong. 
Overall, we have achieved a profit before tax of Rs.136.2 crores in this quarter and Rs.546.4 
crores for the FY 2023-24. Our FY 2023-24 PBT is 16% of product sales. Our EBITDA for this 
quarter is 19.4% and for FY 2023-24 is at 19.4%.  
Thank you. We welcome your questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Annamalai Jayaraj from Batlivala & Karani Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Yes, I have a few questions. One is, now we have started supplying electronic stability control 
for buses. So, in that, will our import content be high because of low volumes or we have already 
localized to a greater extent? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes, Jayaraj, the current situation is about 800 ESCs per month in the normal times is being 
consumed. This volume is actually quite low for localizing the full system. But what we have 
done is anticipating this evolution of regulation of ESC. We have already localized the ECU, 
Electronic Control Unit, with an Indian supply chain. The other products, we will localize 
progressively. So, we expect the regulation to cover more buses. Already, there has been an 
indication from September 2025, more buses will be covered for ESC. We also expect that 
subsequently the truck segment also will adopt ESC. So, we are calibrating our localization plan 
in line with the volume. But as such, even before the regulation came in, we are ready with the 
ECU which is from a local supply chain. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
For trucks, the date is not yet announced? 
P Kaniappan: 
The truck date is not announced. What we expect after the election, there may be some 
announcement related to new regulations in which we believe ESC and this autonomous 
emergency braking also may be covered. Because the CMER committee and others have actually 
reviewed all the readiness of those technologies. So, in our view, it should come soon.  So that 
the industry is getting ready for this regulation to be introduced over a period of next few years. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Then on the export front, I think currently most of our export is to the WABCO. Any update on 
whether any export opportunities to the ZF group? 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
P Kaniappan: 
Actually, our export is in some about four important product lines. Of course, the main thing is 
the compressor. A compressor we have originally started supplying it to one of the global OEMs, 
Volvo. Then we are extending it to new customers. This is going to increase to a level of INR 
215 crores in 2023. We expect this to continuously increase almost double in the matter of 2025 
because of new projects which will get implemented this year in the second half. 
 
That is one. Same case, we are supplying actuators and SDA is an actuator and there is a brake 
chamber. Again, here we expect steady growth. As you see in 2023, we did about INR 400 crores 
in this product line. We expect this to increase to about INT 450 this year and next year. In every 
area, we are working on many new projects to drive the growth. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Any update on our PLI scheme, sir? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes, PLI, the listed entity is an approved PLI site, a PLI business, a champion. We need to invest 
on certain commitments to secure that. In order to meet that commitment, we need to invest 
about another INR 120 crores before March 2025. We are working on many projects. We are 
trying to comply with that subject to customers giving nomination, etc., for some of the advanced 
technologies. We are working on that. 
 
Right now, I am not in a position to commit whether we will be able to complete or not because 
the timeline is also quite critical. On a specific EV program, we are expecting certain 
nominations from customers as a commitment to start the investment. In the future calls, we will 
update. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
On the domestic EV side, what is the outlook for the current year? 
P Kaniappan: 
Current year, if you look at the calendar year, we expect our projection is about minus 3% versus 
last year a very good production. We expect after the election because in the last 2 to 3 months 
the demand was subdued somewhat for various reasons. Of course, one is related to the poll-
related impact largely in the mining and certain projects which got delayed because of the 
funding, etc that is what we understand.  
As a result of that, parallelly the customers decided to do some cost correction. All that leads to 
a reduction in this quarter of about 1.2%. This quarter also we expected it to be quite weak 
because of the election, but surprisingly it is not as bad. We expect this quarter to be about minus 
5%.  
The full year we see about minus 3%, but if things improve in the second, it could be maybe flat 
from the vehicle production level, but our own plan is to outperform at least to a level of about 
10%. So that is our outlook in the OE business. Exports it will be back. We do not see a negative 
in exports in this year. We expect growth roughly in the range of about 15% to 20%. We expect 
growth in exports. In the aftermarket also we are expecting a lower double-digit type of growth. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Okay. I will come back to the queue. Operator can announce it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
I have one more question. So, what is our current content per vehicle for a commercial vehicle 
today and how much can go up for the next say 3 years or 5 years, broadly? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes, current content, Jayaraj is in the range of about INR 45,000 as a total combining all that 
including trailers and everything put together. The next 2 to 3 years, if you look in India the 
advanced technologies are yet to fully get adopted. ESC itself the bus segment we are talking 
about 5000 to 6000 numbers against the 40,000 buses being produced. 
Again, this also relates to the EV adoption. As and when the more EVs are getting adopted, it 
comes with EBS, decompressor and electronic stability control as well. So, the adoption is still 
very early stage. We believe this electric bus production will slowly increase. Today, it's in the 
range of 3,700 or 3,800 that's the type of number last year, but we also see there's a lot of focus 
from the government through the pm e-bus seva and other initiatives, to drive this growth.  
Number two, ESC has to be adopted to the trucks. We believe this will happen in the next 2 to 
3 years. Also, the ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System), a part of that is called 
autonomous emergency braking and the lane departure warning type of regulation, we expect 
that to come in the next 2 years, 3 years. So, if all these things happen then we expect content 
per vehicle to at least double. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Thanks. A couple of questions. One is, am I right that you said earlier in the call that you expect 
fiscal year 25 commercial vehicle market to be flattish? 
P Kaniappan: 
No I just talk about calendar year of 2024 I expect that to be flattish. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, basically just trying to understand on one side so much of optimism with respect to capex 
cycle, infrastructure creation, government spending and on back of that already we are through 
a year of flat number and looking forward to another year of flattish outlook. So, on background 
of such macro-optimism, two flat years for commercial vehicle. So, as an experienced company 
catering to this industry if you can highlight your thoughts with that reports? 
P Kaniappan: 
Can you say the last sentence I couldn’t hear? 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Just trying to understand from your experience where so much of macro-positivity capex cycle 
revival two consecutive years of EVs being flat. So, your views on that sir? 
P Kaniappan: 
So, actually, if you see last year, 2023, the industry grew. You take the current the FY. Financial 
year also, I said 6.5% last year we grew. This year, of course, my reference of flat is for the 
calendar year. But even if you look at the financial year, FY’24-FY’25, it could be, may be in 
the positive, but you also must be seeing some outlook from some of the OEMs or the SIAM 
president's national level. 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
He talks about single-digit growth, high single-digit growth for a financial year. So, we also have 
a similar view, because this year, January, February, March, whatever happened, it's an 
aberration. We never faced a Q4 financial year. It was negative in the recent years. But that does 
lead to largely, maybe the election-related topic of some of the investments in the mining and 
construction area. 
 
So, next year, after the election, we see the market to start, pumping up. So, FY’24-FY’25 should 
be a positive zone, maybe in the single-digit level. So, also it's a cycle. In case this industry is 
cyclic, last few years, it has been growing continuously. So, it is 6.5 this year, next year, if it is 
around that, you can still feel that it's okay. 
Vasudev Banerjee: 
Sure. And second thing that I just wanted to understand, like, what is the update on the exports-
dedicated facility, how's the ramp-up pipeline, what's the advancement with regards to that, 
along with the ZF portfolio integration with the WABCO portfolio as of now? 
P Kaniappan: 
So, exports, today we do exports in broadly four areas. One area we have been quite, you know, 
building a strong position is in export of compressors from India. Compressors from India, we 
started with one global customer, then we added the second customer around 2022. Now, we are 
adding third customer, all big five global commercial OEMs, so that third customer we are 
adding this year. 
And, again, the portfolio of the products also becoming stronger and indicating that the high-
value products we are producing, like such compressors in India. So, this, from a level of INR 
250 crores last year, we expect this to go to INR 500 crores in a matter of next two to three years. 
We have a clear pipeline, these are all based on specific orders and with a clear execution plan. 
The second product line we deliver is to various customers, basically the actuators and break 
chambers, which are essentially developed in India for global markets. 
And thus we are gaining an increasing position. What we started with one assembly line, now 
we are almost having four lines, and in this quarter we are moving to the fifth line. So, this also, 
we see a growth in the volumes as we move forward. From about INR 400 crores here, we expect 
the volume to increase to INR 450 Crores next year. This is the second product line. 
 
The third product line is for BMW, we supply, because car industry is supplying and air supply 
units. Again, from INR 250 crores, we expect that to grow to INR 300 crores. So, all areas we 
are only looking at growth. And the fourth, of course, is the valves and other assemblies we do. 
So, that’s not a very significant number, but then, again, we only see a growth there, because the 
way we drive our growth is largely because of our competitive positioning globally. 
With this price point, we are expanding our market position in other parts of the world, capex is 
expanding. Further, we are now looking at a few products in our Oragadam site, maybe in a 
future meeting I will share. So, this is something that earlier we were buying from a supplier, 
now we are able to localize within the group at the Oragadam site. 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Once we start, we’re reaching a certain level of maturity to the domestic customer, we will also 
look at that too, for example. Also our Mahindra City plant has a bottleneck in terms of space 
and other things. So, with the new site, we are also expanding further opportunities in this site. 
So, I'm sure that bottleneck also is removed. Overall, we are seeing it's only a positive story 
going forward. And again, what I believe the challenge that we had in this quarter is somewhat 
an aberration, driven by certain global events, like the Red Sea has increased. So, it is the 
integration of the web portal. 
 
What we are currently doing is most of the ZF portfolio has been moved to ZF-CVCS entity. 
The advanced leveraging system is something that both WABCO and ZF are doing, but it's 
combined and it has been decided to be in the listed company part. That's what I said, if 
regulation comes fully in the next few years, there's a potential to double the value per week. 
 
Again, when it's fully matured. It will take a few years, but the direction is very clear and the 
technologies are already more or less proven for India and few customers are ready. One 
customer is already released, launched it for certain applications, but then it's putting a safety 
regulation product. It will be driven by regulation. So, we expect some announcement in the next 
at least month or so. Thank you. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, sir. And that's very informative. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukherjee from Bajaj. Please go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Yes. Hi. So, firstly, one clarification. You said the total domestic OE sales for the quarter is INR 
474.3 crores. 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Am I right in this number? 
P Kaniappan: 
You are right. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Can you just break it up with the ABS and non-ABS sales? 
P Kaniappan: 
See, basically, we are supplying as a total system. If you see a value per weight of 45,000, 
whatever I said, you can take about one-fourth as the ABS part. The rest is non-ABS part. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
One-fourth. Okay. Secondly, on exports, the number is INR 249.7 crores for this quarter, which 
is almost, I think, 15% - 16% decline when I see Y-o-Y. But there is an improvement quarter-
on-quarter from 3Q to 4Q. I believe there is an improvement of almost close to 20%. I missed 
your outlook on exports if you can just repeat the outlook for FY '25. How do you see it? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes, I see at least 15% growth based on the order inflow that is there with us. Yes, it takes about 
15% growth. 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Okay. So, 15% growth on exports, you said low double-digit growth in aftermarket and in the 
domestic OE sales, outperformance of 10%. So, let us say if the industry remains flat, it will 
grow by 10%. That is the assumption? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes, please. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
And this will be entirely driven by the increase in content per vehicle because the underlying 
volumes remains flat. 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes. Actually, just to give you, so India is still in a very basic level of technology adoption in 
our space. Except ABS, nothing much has happened. But if you see, there are many more 
pipeline of technologies which has to come. One is the EBS, EBS for the electric vehicles. But 
electronic stability control is a technology which today only in the bus segment, government has 
mandated, but even though about 40,000 buses are produced somehow the applicability as by 
different interpretation has been reduced to only 5,000 or 6,000 numbers per year. 
 
But this will change because this is an excellent technology which actually will significantly 
reduce the rollover accidents and it's a proven thing. Then you look at EBS Electronic Braking 
System. Okay, Electronic Stability Control also is required when the mandate comes for 
Autonomous Emergency Braking, which is essentially, again, many parts of the world it is 
already mandated. 
 
We expect that to be also announced soon here, with probably 1 or 2 years’ time frame for 
implementation. Again a big impact on the vehicle can happen when it comes. The third is the 
Electronic Braking System, which is essentially an efficiency, a better efficiency on the braking. 
 
It improves about 5%-8% improvement in the efficiency of the vehicle itself. So, all that has to 
be adopted. It's still in the, I would say, very basic level of adoption of technologies. We hope, 
in this direction things will move fast because the industry is more and more moving in the 
global level. If you see the increased axle load and all those things, calls for much more 
technology, much more technology-oriented approach to handle the road safety issue. So, I 
understand the industry is realizing it. It's a matter of time it will start coming to India. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Sir, on the electronic stability control, I think two quarters back on quarter two earnings call, 
you mentioned that I think the adoption is somewhere around 40%, 50%in the buses. What is it 
right now and when do you expect this number to go up and reach, let's say, 80%, 90 percent? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes. So, what is really happening is slowly they're excluding, the OEMs are trying to exclude in 
certain applications. For example, if the buses are produced inside the company, then they 
implement. If the body building happens elsewhere, they try to avoid, etc. Okay. So, that is 
happening. Today, I would say about 8,800 buses per month are fitted with this against typically 
about 4,000, maybe around 3,500 or 4,000 buses being produced. 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
So, you can say about 20%, 25%. It has come down. But next, from September onwards, there 
is another - September 25, there is a mandate which insists adoption to more applications. Maybe 
if you want some detail, I can also share. What is happening is there are 4 types in the buses. 
 
Type 1 is buses for urban, semi-urban, city buses. So, here by design, by mandate, yes, it's not 
applicable because these buses are supposed to travel in the city at low speed. Then you have 
intercity buses. This is called type 2. The type 3 is coach buses for long distance with passenger 
comfort. 
 
So, type four is special purpose vehicles, school bus, sleeper coaches, tourists, double-decker, 
etcetera. So, initially, there were also - there was a, understanding that even school bus may not 
have, but later this is included, that is still not fully adopted. So, there are adopted in multiple 
levels it is. 
 
But then, we expect from September 25, all the buses, whether fully built or buses built - now 
bodybuilders are excluded because in the buses, the chassis goes out, neither the OEMs take 
accountability nor the bodybuilders. But from September 2025, it has been mandated that 
whether it is built in the OEM's position, a place or in the bodybuilders, it has to, it has to have 
that AESC, etcetera. So, we expect this progressively, this will increase. Maybe when that 
happens, maybe about 80% of the applicable models because excluding the city buses and others, 
the rest will more and more have that ESC. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
And what would be, sir, the content value? Let us say these 800 buses per month are being fitted 
with the Electronic Stability Control. For you, what would be the content that is going into these 
buses? 
P Kaniappan: 
The delta content, you may take probably in the range of INR 30,000. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
That is the delta? 
P Kaniappan: 
Yes. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
And for the other drivers, like you mentioned, e-compressors to be one, then there is Electronic 
Braking System, then there is ADAS, collision mitigation. Can you just highlight what would 
be the approximate content for you, the delta content that would flow to you?  
P Kaniappan: 
Yes. So, the electric compressor, if you look at it, it is maybe anywhere between, I would say, 
roughly around INR 85,000-INR 100,000. So, any electric bus that is fitted, that generally, 
mostly in India goes with our e-compressor.  
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Sorry, sir. I missed the last part. Can you just repeat, please? 
P Kaniappan: 
See, normally in the buses, there are two approaches. Electronic braking system with ESC is 
one. Largely, most of the electric buses are going with that platform, that program. It has an 
electronic braking system. In that, electronic stability control also, it is included together. 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
I said ESC itself is roughly in the range of INR 30,000 approx. and EBS will also in the same 
range. And there are cases, specifically, only ESC, EBS alone, if you want to do. Again, the 
content is close to INR 50,000. So, because there, when you combine, you are able to eliminate 
certain aspects of the electronic.  
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
And whatever you are supplying right now to the electric buses, is it only ESC or EBS with 
ESC? 
P Kaniappan: 
Electric buses, see, there are two things. Electric buses, they are going for EBS electronic braking 
because it is very efficient braking. In electric buses, you need to diligently use the power. So, 
efficiency is very critical. So, most of them are adopting electronic braking system. 
 
That is number one. I also said, today, the buses are mandated to have electronic stability control. 
So, the, it is combined. So, most of the electric buses, I would say 90% of the electric buses now 
in India will have both EBS and ESC, electronic braking system and electronic stability control. 
So, 10% of the buses, they do not use the electronic braking system. 
 
They use the EBS-based braking system. They are, because they are concerned about the cost, 
so they have chosen to be like that. But otherwise, 90% of the electric buses in India are with 
EBS and ESC. \ 
P Kaniappan: 
Actually, last year, India produced only 3,700 electric buses. Then, it is 300 on average per 
month, because electric bus production will, in our view, pick up after the election, etc. There is 
a, when there is an increasing trend, still our numbers are very low. So, about 300 electric, 
electric buses are produced roughly on an average every month. Then, out of 800, out of the 500 
is only electronic stability control alone. That is due to the mandate. 
Sabyasachi Mukherjee: 
Got it. Okay, that's all from my side. Thank you for the explanation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing remarks. 
P Kaniappan: 
Thank you for joining the call and, of course, I'm sure it will help you to get the clarification that 
you wanted. Thank you very much. Thank you for joining. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
