 
 
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
1231, 3rd Floor, Solitaire Corporate Park, 167, Guru Hargovind Marg, Chakala, Andheri (East),  
Mumbai 400 093 I Tel.: +91 22 66919477/78 I CIN: L01110RJ2006PLC047173 I  
Web: www.bajajconsumercare.com 
Registered Office: Old Station Road, Sevashram Chouraha, Udaipur- 313 001, Rajasthan  
Tel.: +91 0294-2561631, 2561632 
                                       
 
           
 
 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
 
DCS-CRD 
BSE Limited 
First Floor, New Trade Wing 
Rotunda Building,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 023 
 
Stock Code: 533229 
Listing Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, ‘G’ Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051 
 
Stock Code: BAJAJCON 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Conference Call transcripts (Scrip Code: NSE: BAJAJCON BSE: 533229) 
 
Please find attached a copy of the Conference Call transcripts in respect of Bajaj 
Consumer Care Limited dated May 9, 2024. 
 
The same may please be taken on record and disseminated to all. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vivek Mishra 
Head-Legal & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A21901 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
bajqj coNsUMER CARE 
VIVEK 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by 
VIVEK MISHRA 
Date: 2024.05.15 
11:12:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Results Conference Call” 
May 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIDEEP NANDI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – BAJAJ 
CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MR. DILIP KUMAR MALOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MR. RICHARD D'SOUZA – ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – BAJAJ CONSUMER CARE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NILESH PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
bajaj CONSUMER CARE 
bajaj CONSUMER CARE 
ll1c1c1 Securities 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Bajaj Consumer Care Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh 
Patil. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Thanks, Neha. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 and FY24 Results 
Conference Call of Bajaj Consumer Care Limited. We have with us Mr. Jaideep Nandi, 
Managing Director; Mr. Dilip Kumar Maloo, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Richard Dsouza, 
AVP, Finance. Now I hand over the call to the management team for their initial comments on 
quarterly and full year performance, and then we will open the floor for a question-and-answer 
session. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thanks, Nilesh. Good morning, and thank you all for participating in this Q4 Earnings Call. So 
let me take you through the performance of the company for the quarter and 12 months ended 
31st March 2024 before we open the floor for questions. So, the consolidated sales for the 
company for FY24 stood at INR 968 crores with a 2% value growth and 6.6% volume growth. 
The 2-year full year CAGR is 5.7% on a consolidated basis. 
 
The company delivered consolidated quarterly sales of INR 234.2 crores, 4.9% lower than the 
high base of last year corresponding quarter. The 2-year CAGR for the quarter was plus 4.4%. 
The gross margin for FY24 on standalone basis stood at 54.3%, an expansion of 91 basis points, 
while for the quarter, the gross margin grew 62 basis points to 54.7%. FY24 EBITDA stood at 
INR 162.6 crores, which is 11% growth over last year, while margins stood at 17.1%, an increase 
of 151 basis points over the same period last year. For FY24, PAT stood at INR 158.8 crores, 
which is a growth of 13.6% over the same period last year. 
 
In the business in general trade, the coconut and Amla portfolio continued their growth 
momentum across geographies, with growth growing in double digits in general trade. 
Distributor stock correction was undertaken in Q4 to ease investments from channel partners. 
This is a one-time activity, which will be implemented now for better execution in the market.  
Loyalty programs, which were started got scaled up to 11,000 outlets in Q4, contributing to 51% 
sales in urban. Program outlets delivered 20% delta growth over nonprogram outlets in retail. 
 
We started a pilot to use geotagging and fencing technology in the urban outlets in Q4. This has 
already started showing signs of better execution in retail. This initiative will be extended to 
across the country in phases. Rural saw a lower decline as compared to the previous 3 quarters 
and now outperformed urban for the first time in FY24. 
 
Focus effort, again, in GT on penetrating packs 45 ml ADHO, led to 2x increase in distribution 
for this pack. This will be a big driver for both distribution and penetration across the country in 
the coming year. We have also engaged with a partner to enhance the quality of coverage in rural 
in key states of UP and Bihar, identified high-potential villages with less than 5,000 population, 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
and restructured our coverage to service these markets better as well as optimize our cost to 
service.  
The organized trade business continued to deliver strong performance in Q4, achieving a revenue 
of INR 226.2 crores. Share of overall business has doubled from 12% in FY21 to 24% in FY24. 
 
Modern trade business grew by 22% in FY24 with the portfolio expansion, especially through 
the CNO and new launches driving the growth. ADHO continued to grow in market share across 
all key accounts. Collaboration with Reliance Retail with print ads and out-of-home activations 
increased our market presence. Specific products launched, such as 300ml CNO in Reliance and 
DMart saw good traction, promoter-led activations for AD serum, Almond Drop serum, and 
Almond Drop Shampoo in Reliance helped scale up the entire Almond drop range of hair and 
skincare products. 
 
E-commerce registered a growth of 26% for the quarter and 27% for the full year FY24, 
supported by expansion into new platforms like Myntra and quick commerce platforms, Blinkit, 
Swiggy, Instasmart and Zepto. ADHO continued its strong performance, led by growth across 
all pack sizes due to the scale-up of quick commerce and grocery platforms. Coconut portfolio 
and Almond drop hair and skin care range saw substantial growth and gained market share across 
platforms. 
 
The canteen and institution channels, especially the central police canteen registered a growth 
of 18% in FY24. International business delivered a strong growth of 24% in FY24, with Middle 
East and Africa registering a growth of 11%, driven by a revival in wholesale and Modern Trade 
Channels in the UAE. Saudi Arabia increased its presence in key modern trade accounts such as 
Lulu and Nesto. Top line in Nepal doubled in Q4 FY24 with both ADHO and CNO sales 
stabilizing at a higher trajectory. Rest of World exports achieved a 22% growth in FY24, new 
markets such as Japan, Trinidad and Tobago are being serviced for the first time, while focused 
markets like Malaysia, UK and USA continue to perform well. 
 
Bangladesh, which has been a focus market for the company reported a revenue growth of 68% 
in FY24. The transition to own distribution that is over and above what we have done the year 
before with the transition into our own manufacturing was smoothly completed. The transition 
of own distribution was completed in January '24 with all necessary infrastructure such as 
warehouses, logistics, and sales teams in place, 2 new products, 100% pure glycerin as well as 
100% pure Olive, which was launched specifically for the Bangladesh market so saw good initial 
consumer traction, and we are planning to add more new launches in the coming years. 
 
In India, at a brand level, ADHO grew by 0.9% in volume terms, driven by large pack sales in 
urban markets in FY24. During Q4, we modified key elements of the marketing mix in small 
and medium packs to counter the sluggishness in rural markets, we should see the impact of 
these interventions in FY25. We continue to fortify the brand with strong media across TV, 
digital, print, and on-ground activation as well as increased investment in visibility across these 
channels. These measures helped us improve our market share sequentially in Q4 by 25 basis 
points. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
In Q4 FY24, our digital marketing initiatives for Almond Drop reached 5.2 crore customers 
through programmatic advertising, influencer marketing, and community engagement. We'll 
continue to drive rural market penetration through LUPs in ADHO along with regional 
marketing initiatives. While, strategic intervention started in Q4, we'll continue to improve 
distribution in FY25. Digital market components to reposition ADHO for new edge customers 
and premiumization through new variants which are being planned, will also drive future growth 
for the brand.  
Almond Drop Serum and Skin care range registered a strong growth of 22% in Q4 and 16% in 
FY24, supported by the scale-up of shampoo, conditioner and lotion. Bajaj Almond Drop 
Summer lotion was launched in March to cater to the seasonal needs and preferences of 
consumers. Shampoo and lotion were both supported with sampling in digital media across 
modern trade and e-commerce platforms. We continue to deliver strongly on our portfolio 
diversification. Contribution of products other than ADHO has increased from 5% in FY1 to 
17% in FY24. New products contributed to 15% of the overall sales in FY24.  
Bajaj 100% pure coconut oil is scaling up well with its market share and distribution, expanding 
steadily across markets and all channels. Market share in pure coconut oil improved by 65 basis 
points during the year, specially in traditional stronger markets of the North as well as in our 
focus market of the West. 
 
Overall distribution increased by more than 1.5 lakh outlets and overall weighted distribution 
improved by 270 basis points on a MAT basis. In Q4, both TVC and OTT media campaigns 
were implemented for Maharashtra for coconut. The share of voice in the coconut category for 
Maharashtra had reached 34%. In addition, we partnered with key modern trade outlets and 
launched exclusive in-store offers and out-of-home media campaigns, which saw a good 
response.  
 
We continue to expand our presence in Amla oil, Bajaj Sarso Alma has scaled up well during 
the year, especially in rural markets and the performance has been in line with expectations. We 
also partnered with key e-commerce chains to launch an exclusive multipack for Bajaj Brahmi 
Alma.  
The Bajaj ethnic range has been expanded with the national launch of Bajaj Gulab Jal, which 
was completed in Q4. The response is promising across markets. Hyperlocal BTL activities to 
promote Bajaj 100% pure Henna is being test marketed in UP and saw good traction. We'll scale 
up the model in other parts of the country in FY25. The product has also done well in key modern 
trade outlets with a double-digit market share in select chains.   
Advertising and promotion spends for the quarter amounted to INR 40.2 crores, which is 17.4% 
of our sales. For FY24, A&P spending stood at INR160 crores, which is 16.8% of sales. We are 
strongly committed to investing in ADHO and new brands with an increased focus on digital 
media to better align with changing preferences of customers. 
 
The prices of LLP has been range bound with, on one hand, witnessing correction because of 
lower crude prices, while on the other hand, prices fluctuating due to volatility in the Middle 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
East. Prices for refined mustard oil remained flat or weak, reflecting a balanced global demand 
and supply equilibrium in seedable oils and a positive outlook for India's production. The prices 
of Copra has been hardening and we are taking corrective price actions in May to protect our 
margins. Multiple cost-saving initiatives in both raw and packing materials through a 
combination of optimization of specs, alternate vendor development, and development of 
alternative packing materials helped reduce our cost by a saving of INR 6 crore in the year. 
 
Smart manufacturing and automation initiatives have improved productivity by 8% in Guwahati 
and 34% in our Paonta Sahib plants. Water conservation initiatives along with reuse of water 
schemes, etc has resulted in reduction in water intensity by 28% in Guwahati and 50% in Paonta. 
Energy optimization efficiency improvements led to a reduction of specific energy consumption 
by 19% in Guwahati. Machine automation and efficiency improvement initiatives have reduced 
laminate wastage by 14% in Guwahati and 35% in Paonta. 
In HR, focus has been to upgrade and retain talent and create a robust employee pipeline, close 
to 8,000 learning hours were locked in by 89% of our employees during the year. We are certified 
as a great place to work for the sixth year in a row with a consistent increase in score over the 
last six years, and this year the score being at 86%. 
 
We believe that the structural tailwinds in the FMCG sector due to rising disposable income, 
and per capita income, rapid urbanisation, growing consumer aspiration, and primarization will 
continue. Always point to a multi year growth opportunity in beauty and personal care. To 
leverage this opportunity as a part of our next phase of growth strategy, we have shortlisted 
relevant FMCG categories over and above what we have already discussed for an immediate to 
medium-term play. 
 
This has been done through a robust attractive and right to prioritization framework. We looked 
at 130 categories. And after that, we have finalized the three categories that we would like to 
invest in. While our diversification journey has started well, we plan to further increase the 
contribution of our new products and traditional range, as I said, as a part of our Phase two 
strategy to increase it to 40% in the next 5 years, leveraging the brand equity in specific 
categories, just to again reiterate, such as Bajaj brands in hair oils, traditional Indian beauty 
categories in ethnic range and scaling of the almond drop equity in Hair and Skin range as well 
as diversifying into the new type of categories just mentioned. 
 
In addition to activating the new product funnel, we have also formulated now the M&A 
guardrails to identify target, apt-target companies for inorganic opportunity, which we have now 
started actively pursuing. We are also investing behind building strong execution capabilities in 
general trade to transition to a multi-brand, multi-category organization, and improved retailer 
and customer engagement. 
 
We have engaged a leading consultant recently to refresh our current go-to-market strategy, 
including optimization, optimizing town-level sales models, sales and planning processes, and 
automation. We have already initiated the diagnostic work, and we'll start the test piloting in two 
key states from the beginning of Q3 before rolling it out to the rest of the country. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
We also plan to continue investments and continue the growth momentum in the under-indexed 
international market. The journey started in FY22 has already started showing traction with good 
growth in the last two years. The ambition is to increase the salience from the current 5% in 
FY24 to 20% over the next five years. Several growth levers would be employed to drive this, 
and strengthening local operations, investment in select geographies, launching localized 
products and exploring opportunities for organic growth. 
 
We remain optimistic for FY25 due to these various factors, including an above-normal 
monsoon, favourable macroeconomic conditions, including clear green shoot in rural demand. 
While we continue to diversify and premiumise our portfolio along with better on-ground 
execution of strategic initiatives. So with this, I end my opening remarks and open the session 
for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. First is in the slide, you talked 
about the rural trend is slowing the decline. So if you can just give some perspective, how has 
the trend played out over the last 3 quarters? And what do you expect in coming quarters from 
the rural segment? That's one. Second is on GT, we talked about the inventory provision. So if 
you can just provide more color in terms of the reason behind that. And the primary sales trend. 
So how has that been? And how does it compare versus the secondary sales trend in GT? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Okay. So just before I answer your question, there has been no inventory provision. It's just that 
the secondary sales has been much higher in this quarter. About INR 12 crores higher in this 
quarter over primary sales, because there was some accumulation of inventory we saw in 
primary. So overall in the year, there has been a correction of about INR 13 crores, INR 14 
crores, of which about INR12 crores was taken in Q4 itself. So that we start the year with a much 
lower distributor stock. So that is basically what has been done. There has been no provisioning 
of any inventory. So this is... 
Viraj: 
Sorry, I meant by inventory correction, what is why? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So the correction is there because we wanted to ensure that our secondary sales remain higher 
than primary. So that earlier in the year that we have started with higher distributor stocks goes 
down substantially. So that is something what we wanted. And in this quarter, we did a majority 
of the correction. We continue to do the corrections throughout the year, but this quarter has 
seen the bulk of the correction. So that's where the secondary was higher by about INR12 crores 
for the year over last year. So this is our timing. So this is as far as that part is concerned. But to 
answer your question, back. So rural, if you look at this quarter, clearly, we saw that our 
performance in rural was far superior than urban. 
 
This is the first quarter quite a long time where we will do better than urban. And we clearly see 
the green shoots in terms of demand coming in from what we talk of our northern states, where 
typically rural is always under pressure, has been under pressure last 2, 3 quarters. Clearly, green 
shoots coming up there. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
Other thing obviously is also our own intervention that we have done specifically for the rural, 
whether be it in terms of execution, we have been in terms of working with our this is to look at 
the villages just spoke of it in my opening remarks. Looking at some of these villages, especially, 
we have started the pilot looking at what is the best cost to serve as villages below 5,000 
concerned. 
 
So there quite a bit of improvement has already happened. And we see that clearly scalable 
across the various states. We have also done some interventions, which most of it will be this 
year in terms of the LUPs, specially in ADHO. Obviously, the other packs and also the other 
products will also supplement, but in ADHO some intervention. 
 
I don't want to talk of it right now because we see that is happening in Q2, not so much in Q1, 
but in Q2, large intervention, in terms of LUP will come up. So we'll talk as it come end of Q1 
versus Q2 some there. So that intervention will basically address a lot of the gaps that we are 
seeing. One of the big gaps that we had was that one of our LLPs was clearly getting in terms of 
price proposition was not becoming attractive price to ML proposition was not effective. 
 
So we have done a lot of cost reductions whereby the pack itself, the gross margin doesn't go 
up, but for the value the cost of material does not go up. So we have done some corrections. 
We'll talk of it much later when actually we come up get the product out for let say end of Q1 
or early Q2 but as far as the proposition, the customer has become extremely attractive. So a lot 
of work was going on for the last six, nine months. Now it has actually been fructified It will 
come up in the next two, three months. 
 
So we are very, very confident that the rural economy is coming back and that some of our rural, 
both execution as well as marketing interventions that you have got, I think we should be in a 
very good position in FY25.  
Viraj: 
And the primary sales trend in GT? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes. So primary sales trend in GT is something that you are getting the picture because that's 
where this quarter if you look at, CAGR as I just told you, CAGR we have had a positive CAGR. 
But overall in this particular quarter over the last year, there has been a decline. But that we see 
is more temporary. Rural was better, urban was lower, but both had a decline. Rural had a very 
slight decline. Urban had a decline. If we look at the CAGR for rural, it is actually positive. 
Viraj: 
Okay. And the traditional new products, right, the coconut oil…? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anushka Chitnis from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anushka Chitnis: 
My questions are actually related to the buyback, which has been announced. In that being there's 
about INR 166.5 crores of buyback. So what is the rationale and thought process behind that? 
And also, how will that be funded because your balance sheet has around INR 23 crores of cash 
as of now? And also, I would like to know if there is any participation of the promoter entity in 
this? That's all. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So first and foremost, obviously, I mean even if you include tax, etc, we are talking of about 
INR 200 crores of outflow. INR 166 crores, that's tax and other financial costs to the agencies. 
It comes to about INR 200 crore. So we are sitting on INR 620 crore of cash. So that in itself is 
not the same. It's just one-third of the cash that we have.  
It's 20% of our reserves and surplus. So this is just that amount. So in terms of cash coverage, 
we'll be funding it from our own balance sheet itself. And as far as the rationale is concerned, I 
think the rationale for buyback is pretty clear. We are looking at adding value to the shareholders. 
The ROE itself goes up as the capital goes down. 
So that is clear two advantage. And I think that is clear. And given the fact that the promoter 
will not participate, it clearly shows that there's a clear confidence that this business is now 
poised to grow. I think market conditions are also becoming, macroeconomic conditions are now 
becoming positive. I think midterm -- short term is already showing green shoots. We see mid 
to long term even better.  
And I think all the levers that we have started pushing, obviously all of them have gestation 
period and all of them are showing green shoots, whether it be international, whether it be your, 
let's say the newer channels, whether it be your new products, all of them are showing and I 
think we are at the right stage to exploit that. 
And this also leaves us enough cash for us to look at the M&A opportunities, etc. I mean, we 
can obviously leverage ourselves for M&A, but I think there's enough opportunity even beyond 
that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav from Living Root Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Nirav: 
I just wanted to know, sir, the other expenses on a consolidated level has increased, whereas the 
ad spend has decreased as a percentage of revenue. So what is the exact reason behind this? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So ad spend, if you look at, I've been talking about this. If you look at FY23 
Nirav: 
So my question is that why has the other expenses increased whereas the ad spend has reduced. 
So is there any other cost component that we are missing? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So two very small things. One is a very small one of the expenses on IT enablement that I am 
talking about. So that spends that we did. So one is a very small impact of that. A little larger 
impact of other expenses is what we have done as a strategic move is that we are now moving 
all our ISRs with their own distributor payroll. Some of them -- we have rationalized some of it, 
but we are now moving them into our own third party. Most of the large quite a few organizations 
have that.  
And we have seen a drastic reduction in terms of manpower attrition. Earlier, we used to have 
attritions when they were at the distributor payroll of about 40%. That has gone down to about 
12-odd percent. So most of the costs in terms are that. And at the consolidated level, if you look 
at the cost, there is an investment that has happened in Bajaj, Bangladesh. So that's where which 
is what we have done in terms of setting up operations, which should get normalized. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Nirav: 
Okay. So in rural market, what kind of products do you see as a potential revenue driver for the 
company? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So I think all the oils that you'll see have been going pretty well as far as the rural markets are 
concerned. So ADHO, specifically, we have taken a lot of intervention, especially in the rural 
packs, which is right from sachets to the LUPs and some of the mid-packs and we'll see all of 
that.  
I mean, we'll get into each intervention and detail at the SKU level in future presentations, in 
future of these calls, because a lot of these interventions are on the way, etc and I don't want to 
talk of it right away, but you can see already some of the results coming in. So rural ADHO is 
there. 
Obviously, Coconut and Amla, both of them have their own thing. Amla, in fact, rural markets 
did well for us. The LUPs did well. I think there is an opportunity for the large packs also to do 
well in rural, in specific geographies, let's say, the larger markets of Punjab, Rajasthan, etc. So 
that we see clearly being exploited.  
And Coconut is an opportunity anyway, we are seeing happening. And Coconut, the rapid scale-
up that we have seen, it's a function of both. In fact, in all areas. So that's the good part. In the 
first year, most of the scale-up had happened mainly in modern trade, e-commerce and urban 
markets. We are now seeing the penetration happening in rural markets. So I think one of our 
growth strategies is that the depressed base that we have in rural comes back strongly. We have 
taken initiatives more to counter this, but now with the tailwinds coming in rural, I think we 
should be able to expect better. 
Nirav: 
International percentage of contribution to 20%. So sir, which markets do we see as a key 
potential growth drivers? And what kind of products are we trying to push in such markets? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So again, it's our traditional markets where we clearly see, because those are also rural heavy 
markets, whether it be Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, etc.  
Nirav: 
Sir, I asked about the international market? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
International markets. So international markets at this moment, clearly, there are two focus 
geographies, two large focus geographies, which is Bangladesh, where we are scaling up, 
continuous scaling up has happened, and growth has started happening. We are still far more or 
less under-leveraged than, let's say, what the market our fair share of market we think. So clearly 
there is a large opportunity there. It will take some time, but the growth trajectory and the 
milestones that we have set up, I think we are doing pretty well.  
Middle East is other opportunity that we have, which we have been focusing on scaling up and 
that growth scale up clearly we see. Other markets like Nepal, etc, I mean, just more base 
correction. So we have come to a good base and that is something South Asia, and Southeast 
Asia will remain. Rest of the world, we are expanding our market penetration. The number of 
countries we would want to go to, we have already expanded far more. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
And one or two countries, we feel that even as an export model, we can diverge quite a bit just 
through some marketing interventions and there we will be spending. Basically, what we have 
to look at is as a company, we are just today even 5% international. I mean, we have been talking 
of this for the last four years that we would not want to start international.  
We start getting our basics in India, right? Already having done that, now we invested in 
international two years back. It's scaling up well. I think this journey is exciting. So on one side, 
we are looking at extending our portfolio beyond Almond Drops. On the other side, we are 
looking at increasing our international business. 
Nirav: 
So sir, Bangladesh and Middle East on a combined basis, how much contribution is it to the 
international business? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
As of today? 
Nirav: 
Yes. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
It is about 65% or so. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sir, this is an extension of the previous question, participant question only. We have a very 
aggressive target of five years on international moving our contribution from 5%. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I think Tejash has dropped out. I can't hear him. 
Moderator: 
Due to no response from the current participant. Our next question is from the line of Reshma 
Mehta from Green Edge Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Resham Mehta: 
Presentation basically talks about repositioning of ADHO and the premiumization. So if you can 
just elaborate on whether the repositioning has been done. What exactly is the repositioning? 
And also, how have we premiumized this brand and what percentage of revenue for ADHO 
comes from the premium portfolio? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So we are doing it in two phases. At this moment, we are looking at repositioning ADHO with 
not too many parameters changing so repositioning more for the new age customers. So 
revamping the brand. The second part of the portfolio, which is the most significant part of the 
change as far as the brand is concerned, is looking at putting in variants for the product. So 
obviously, ADHO in its own shape continues to be a very strong driver for hair fall, nourishment 
and so on and so forth. But we see that there is an opportunity to have a variant of ADHO, which 
will be at a little bit of a premium. 
 
And addressing more needs than just pure hair fall. So that is something the work is already on 
the same. We have already a pilot plan in terms of where we want to do. We are working with 
the agency, and this is something that we will be looking at by the end of the year or early next 
year, maybe three to four quarters where we'll be looking at launches of this. At this point, I 
don't not like to share the contributions that we expect the. We'll talk of it as we launch. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Reshma Mehta: 
Okay. So just to understand this, basically, the work is underway, and we have just started on 
this journey of premiumizing ADHO and the repositioning of the brand. Is that understanding 
correct? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So the first part, work has already started, and it will be -- you will see the impact of it by this 
year itself. The other one, I think the concept, etc, in terms of where we want to go and want to 
do all that is more or less over. The formulations are being worked on, and I think it will be 
about three to four quarters by the time we would end up launch. 
Reshma Mehta: 
All right. The second question is the margin profile of the company. So on a medium-term basis, 
where do you see the margin profile of the company settling in? So currently, we are at around 
16%, 17%. Do we see that at around 20%? Is that doable possible considering the targets that 
we have for expanding international revenues and growing the non-ADHO portfolio? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So we continue to remain exactly what we have been stating for the last, let's say, six calls, which 
is basically we would like to remain at the 16% to 18% because our targets of reaching those 
numbers that we have stated both for the range beyond ADHO as well as the international 
market. We very, very clearly want to drive growth as far as this organization is concerned. We 
are obviously not talked too much on in terms of inorganic growth because we have not yet seen 
anything on that in the company for the last decade, but that is something also we are actively 
pursuing. So given that 16% to 18% is what we would keep it inbound between that for the next 
few years, and then we'll see whether how that number moves forward. 
Reshma Mehta: 
Got it. On a related question. So the non-ADHO portfolio, which contributes to around 17% of 
revenues. Is that margin accretive? Or is that still loss making? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
No, it is obviously a margin accretive. Only thing is some of the brands like digital brands, etc, 
is already coming to EBITDA positive, and we are trying to rationalize that. That some of it, we 
might fast track, we might just slow down, we will also balance our EBITDA. I mean, that is 
where it is, but all of them are, a decent gross margin and most of them is EBITDA accretive. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Tejas is back, you can give him the opportunity. I don't know whether he is midway in the 
question. 
Moderator: 
Sure. I'll promote the Tejash now. The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from 
Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. Sir, just wanted to know if we approach the growth stencil from NPDs versus the core 
portfolio? How should we think about growth splitting in the sense how at what rate do you 
believe core can continuously or sustainably grow from here? And how the NPD you have shared 
your vision for FY29. But let's say, if we have to front-load the vision for the next two years, 
how do you think that both the portfolios behave from here on? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So while I think one of our biggest interventions of the organization that is happening at 
multilevel is basically on ADH. While we are talking about all the others and all the investments 
will keep on happening on the like a lot of work is happening as far as innovation is concerned 
in the newer products in terms of marketing, a lot of work is getting done. But a multi-faceted 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
multi-functional role, including sales in terms of marketing, in terms of R&D as well as in 
sourcing, etc most of the work, a lot of work of it is happening as far as ADHO is concerned. So 
ADHO at this moment is now getting basically worked on if you ask me at absolute SKU level. 
Different SKUs, different strategies that are coming out, which would want to implement. 
 
Maybe we are a little late in that, maybe we are six to eight quarters in terms of what we wanted 
to do, but I think that momentum has already started. The results are not there to be seen. But I 
mean, we should be able to see the results in the next two, three quarters, I think that will be 
feasible in terms of interventions that are.  So a lot of focus will happen in ADHO. ADHO is 
being planned at least at a CAGR of mid-single digit. 
Maybe next year, we would want to do a little more, but at least at a mid-single-digit CAGR is 
ADHO at and in terms of we have gone down at this moment. I mean a lot of the gap that has 
happened is also due to execution gaps, which is what we are trying to address both internally 
in the organization, reorganizing our team, there has been change in a bit of leadership as well 
in terms of handling pure GT sales, but also we are taking help from three agencies at this 
moment. I spoke of it in my presentation. 
We are looking at both geotagging, geofencing and to ensuring better execution. We are looking 
at tying up with a consultant, looking at our entire go to ramping our entire go-to-market strategy. 
On the other side, we are also looking at how fast to market can be resolved and looking at where 
we are and what we should ideally be doing by these three agencies. Work has started, most of 
it, unfortunately, has started only in Q4, a little bit started in December, the other two just in Q4. 
So obviously, there's result will be different. So a lot of the investments will happen in ADHO, 
while on the other side, those things. So to answer your question, next two, three years, CAGR 
for ADHO mid-single digits overall looking at a higher number for the overall company. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. Sir, and the 16% margin that you just spoke about, and we also spoke about the investments 
that we are making to three agencies and all. So all this cost is kind of built in new guided for 
16% base margin? Or you believe that there can be his investment can kind of disrupt that in the 
initial phase? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So one of the things that we decided was all the interventions that are happening in ADHO need 
to ensure that the gross margins remain protected because some of the solutions were much 
easier. The work that has happened in terms of the entire design of the packaging material in 
terms of products, etc. So some of the things that you will see will talk of it next quarter where 
a lot of LUPs, while the proposition of consumer will improve drastically. Surprisingly, the gross 
margin will not get impacted. And we'll explain as to why it is not getting impacted. We'll 
actually talk of that. 
 
So those kind of interventions, a lot of work went on in the back end in terms of R&D, in terms 
of packaging team in terms of packaging part of the R&D as well as product. So not too much 
of changes happening to the product, let me just clarify that. But these are the works that has 
been happening at the back end, now they are fructifying into results. So we should see that. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
So in terms margins, we are very, very clear. These are the guardrails we want to operate as the 
margins. And that's why we have not taken an even more ambitious target. We could have looked 
at a little more, but we have said this is something that we will be able to bite and that's what we 
have taken. Unfortunately, last one and a half years, the markets have also not been very 
interesting. Those are now looking brighter. So we think that we're in a good position to take 
that on. 
Tejash Shah: 
Perfect. And sir, last one on buyback. You shared your rationale there. I just missed would 
promoter be participating in this buyback? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
No. So that was one of the things that we mentioned that this is to create investor value and given 
the confidence of the promoter, obviously the promoter is not participating in this buyback. 
Tejash Shah: 
Fantastic sir. That’s all from my side and sir all the best to you and team for FY25. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes. Thank you for this opportunity. My question relates to amla category where you earlier 
said that you will you had reduced the penetration in that because of excess competition. So how 
is the situation now? Are the things improving in that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So if you look at interesting category externally nothing has changed. In fact, the conditions 
remain equally competitive because that seems to be an easy growth area. Margins typically 
amongst all hair oils is the lowest in that. So and that category has been growing because there 
have been some shift to the lower cost products.  
So what we have done is more internal than external. The last initial part of the year we had 
decided we will not participate in the alma category. And rather let's look at how we can look at 
cost optimization. So there were four initiatives that were taken both in terms of the plastic usage 
that we had in terms of the caps that we are putting in, the raw material entire reformulation of 
the raw material and some bit of rationalization of the packaging in terms of if you can put in 
inflation so be it. So all that has actually resulted in about 8% to 9% improvement in gross 
margin as far as amla is concerned.  
Still, it is much lower than ADHO, but at least now it is a profitable brand. So we feel that there 
is clearly an opportunity. We will not exploit it too much because the gross margins are still not 
great but there is clearly an opportunity where we feel that we can do with a good positive 
EBITDA not a great positive, but a positive EBITDA will continue. Some of the categories some 
of the, let's say, markets and packs we would not participate because it's not going to be EBITDA 
positive. So we will remain outside. There are opportunities now with we should be able to… 
Sunil Jain: 
Yes, okay. Great. Thank you.  
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushik Poddar from KB Capital Markets 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Now that you are saying that your stocks at your stockiest level have come down. What is the 
kind of growth we can see for the next 2 years, 3 years? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
We feel that a double-digit growth next year is easily doable. So and that is something that we 
want to target. In fact, last year also we thought that we would be able to hit a 8%, 9% and the 
trajectory was good, but last two quarters, we did suffer. But now we are already seeing the 
traction. We are already seeing some of the initiatives come into play, we see that a double-digit 
growth for FY25. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And in terms of volume? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
In terms of volume we should be a little higher than that because with the non-ADHO portfolio 
going up, with coconut going up, etc volume might be a little higher. This year also as you can 
see, we are a 6.6% volume growth over a 2% value growth in the year. So it was a little higher. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay, And obviously and another thing this time for the fourth quarter the employee cost has 
gone up by INR 5 crores compared to the last time. Is there any reason for that? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
No. I think these are all in terms of your I mean, lower vacancies and so on and so forth. So in 
terms of an average overall if you look at, obviously, the percentage is a little higher because the 
sales is a little subdued, but in terms of overall, there is no structural changes that we have done  
in terms of people.  
I mean at times, you will have lower vacancies for more people now. No structural changes 
done. No major manpower addition maybe here or there one or two. In fact, next year, maybe 
we might rationalize some more people because of some of the initiatives that we are adding. 
But no structural interventions happening or no structural interventions to majorly look at 
manpower costs going up. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
And you have also spoken about employing some consultants, etc. So will that be substantial as 
to affect your margin? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Not really. I mean all the consultants put together would not impact our margins by over maybe 
0.5% or less than that. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. So that 16% to 18% that you have spoken will be maintained? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Yes, still remain. 
Kaushik Poddar: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I thought we finished Tejash. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes, sir just one follow up, sir. Sir, on dividend policy with the buyback being announced this 
year, how should we think about dividend policy from next year? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So dividend policy has been earlier also stated that it will be 40% to 60% unless there is some 
exceptional items of either M&A activity or some major capex infusion or in terms of a buyback 
etc. So given the fact that we are going for a buyback of a ticket size of INR 166 crore. So 
obviously, there will be no further dividend. I mean this is one of the companies which has 
already given a dividend as well as. 40% to 60% remains as a policy that's not changing. 
Tejash Shah: 
This buyback we should think as a part of FY24 to shareholders or FY25 will go back to 
normalized that range of 50% to 60%? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
This is clearly FY24. This is FY24. 
Tejash Shah: 
Okay. That’s all from my side. Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stockbroking. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So my question here, I don't know whether you have answered this or not that if I look on an 
annualized basis your A&P spend as a percentage of sales has been gone down. And that is the 
main contribution for your EBITDA margin expansion. Now your near to medium-term 
guidance of 16% to 18%, how do we see that going ahead? That most of the FMCG companies 
have been increasing their A&P spend.  
Some of the large players have increased their A&P spend. And whereas you have declined, 
how do you see going forward on A&P spend and whether that would be the lever for margin 
protection? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So see we have maintained that our spends will be closer to 17%, 18% and that kind of a range 
which is what we are going to maintain. If you look at last year we had called out quite a few 
times that in FY23, in the first quarter there was a large investments. We have taken two products 
coco onion and soap if you remember, we have spent INR 10 crore each, more than INR 10 crore 
in each of them.  
So that was the spend and maybe we have spend it a little ahead of the curve and that is something 
that we have rationalized in the same. So this is something we have discussed quite a few times 
just to remind. So that was really not the case. I mean 16% to 18% is what we'll be keeping it. 
So we are not reducing our investments as far as advertising is concerned. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Got it. And second on the growth prospect that apart from like rural recovery what you 
have already highlighted right now, how confident you are would be like is it like a double-digit 
growth what you have been highlighting. It is mainly given the scenario, what it is right now or 
what percentage of elements you have built in in terms of rural recovery for that double-digit 
growth? 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So I don't think we talk of specifically about rural recovery as far as the plan is concerned, it is 
more because of the initiatives that we are taking at the product level, at the pack level 
intervention. Some of them have a rural component to it. So that's how our buildup has happened.  
So ADHO pack level, a lot of interventions at state levels and that translates into a mid-single-
digit kind of growth, maybe a little higher than mid-single digit and some of the other products 
clearly already traction is there. We continue to invest, doing more of the same money putting 
it across larger markets. Some of the extensions now we are looking at some of the Almond 
Drop skin care range that we are talking about maybe getting into GT. So those are the 
interventions that build up to this double-digit growth rate. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And sir, last question from my end. What would be the reach for non-ADHO portfolio in 
general trade channel? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
What is that, sorry, come again? 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
What would we be our reach for non-ADHO portfolio in general trade channel? And what's the 
plan going ahead? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So, you don't have reach specifically for a range of products, you reach an individual product. 
So some of the products like coconut, etc has already gone to about 50% of ADHO, and we think 
it can even, it has gone much faster in terms of distribution, both in terms of GT as well as retail 
we have improved, and we think it can go even further. Some of the other products also, Amla, 
etc, also had a good reach. So overall, if you think if you were to add all of them up, maybe we'll 
look at a number of 60, 65, but may not be the best way to look at numbers. 
 
Individual product wise, we have a reach target. And I think we are doing some of them, 
obviously, a little below that, some of them much above. So it's a good mix that we are seeing 
as far as reach is concerned. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And sir, if I may, like what would be the direct reach for ADHO and total direct-indirect 
lease reach ADHO? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Indirect remains at about INR 43 lakhs, which is the number that we keep seeing. That has not 
changed too much. It has improved marginally. As far as ADHO is concerned, we are still 
through if you look at the van as well as the entire brand sales, the rural network as well as urban, 
we reach about INR 8.5 lakh. So INR 8.5 lakh is overall company, ADHO is a little lower 
because there are some non-ADHO. This is roughly the number. We are talking about all the 
other numbers that I talked about in perspective of that. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Thank you and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Yes, Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a question on your comment about the shoots that 
you're seeing in the rural market. Could you elaborate on the drivers that you are observing, 
which make you so confident about the recoveries? That would be very helpful. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
I think see, as I said, I mean, both in terms of our own rural, if you ask me from our point of 
view, we see two things. One is obviously the kind of depressed market situation where the 
inflation have eased a bit, and we see there is some bit of traction coming up. While earlier it 
was more of a bad news coming up everywhere, now we are seeing States which are really 
starting to recover. So we see that this growth momentum I mean all the indicators, 
Macroeconomic indicators point out that this will only become better as time goes right on 
monsoon are expected to be above normal, etc. 
 
So clearly, the other thing, as I said, we have been working on because rural is a large part of 
our portfolio. We had no other choice but to invest in initiatives in rural whether the market 
improves or not. So a lot of those initiatives are now fructifying and given the fact that rural is 
also coming back, we see a great advantage as far as rural is concerned. So rural for us is more 
an internal work done as well as the external environment, which we see. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Got it. Thank you and rest of my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of S K Debnath from SK Debnath. Please go 
ahead. 
S K Debnath: 
Thank you for the opportunity. There has been a very good year as it looks from the volume and 
but I find that e-commerce has grown from 7% to 8% but doesn't seem to be very interesting. 
What is your expectation or target for the next year? And what measures are you taking for 
achievement of this? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
The e-commerce, if you look at all about in 3 years back three three and half years back was just 
about 0.5% of our business. Now it has gone up to I mean, it is closing on INR 100 crores. I 
mean, obviously, not yet INR 100 crores, but looking at that. So I think quarter after quarter, if 
you look at e-commerce has been doing very well. I mean May and our focus is mainly obviously 
the B2C channel, which is the bulk of our e-commerce growth. In fact, this year, in fact, the best 
part of this year is we have had a growth of about 27%, of which the B2C part has grown by 
52%. The B2B, if you remember you had a Jiomart which actually closed down. So that was 
there in the base has gone down. 
 
In spite of that, the company has done well. And obviously, the focus is only B2C. So we have 
not only expanded the product portfolio in the B2C, but we have also expanded the number of 
retailers that we operate with. Earlier, we were not very strong in Quick com has come in we 
were not very strong in Nykaa, Myntra has come in and is continue very strong in Flipkart, both 
national and grocery as well. 
 
So I think as far as e-commerce is concerned, it has been a pretty growing star as far as our 
business is concerned, and we think that this is the growth momentum that will continue because 
e-commerce has been firing in all platforms and qualitatively performing quantitatively is 
obviously is important, but qualitatively, product range, number of retailers that we operate it in 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
terms of portfolio that we operate and of activations we do there in terms of performance 
marketing. So yes, overall, I would think it is a very strong performance. But yes, I take your 
point and we'll keep investing in e-commerce and take it further. But if you ask me, we are 
already at one of the we have already from 0.5% to today close to about 8% 9%. We are already 
at a benchmark with the best in. I mean, businesses which are our kind, not e-commerce. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question is from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj: 
Just 2 questions. For the traditional new products the coconut oil, Amla range, ethnic. Can you 
give us the breakup within these segments, how large would each of these be and the growth 
trends we have seen in, say, FY24 in each of them? So that is one. And second is you talked 
about by 2029 aspiration is to achieve 20% sales in international. So if you can just probably 
talk more detail about how you're approaching the journey be like. So will it be led by existing 
ADHO or it will be more driven by the other product base? And what kind of a revenue scale 
would that be when you say 20% now? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So let me answer the last question first. I would not like to talk of the specific revenue because 
that I mean, I don't want to back-calculate the numbers. But yes, you can understand that if you 
have a growth aspiration, which is touching double digit or crossing double digit actually, if you 
ask me. CAGR for the next few years, you can back calculate extrapolate as to 20% of that 
would be more. 
 
So I'll answer the international part first before I go to the coconut and amla part. So 
international, very clearly, as you see, if you were to benchmark against any of our competitors, 
we are clearly under-indexed, even at 20%, will remain under-indexed compared to most of 
them. 
I think there, the investments happened 20 years back, and they have been fructifying over the 
next 5, 6 years, they have fructified, and they have reached today. And we see the journey that 
we started 2 years is exactly in that direction. We are late, but we are not out. And clearly, we 
are so under-indexed while 20% from 5% looks a large number. It's actually not really a large 
aspirate to be at. But we want to keep ourselves on ground. So the investments that we are 
making in these two  specific countries, we also have another country in mind I don't want to 
talk of it today. 
 
And as well as looking at actively looking at some of the acquisition opportunities. We are also 
clear while the advantages of being a late mover is also that you have hindsight advantage of 
seeing where the others have gone, where they have succeeded where they have failed. So we 
clearly know of the Continents that we will not look at either as our own greenfield or as 
opportunities inorganic. 
But some of the other countries clearly have opportunities, and we would like to exploit that as 
well as invest in our own. So one of the things that we have done is invested already invested in 
our own facilities in terms of our own people, in terms of distribution network, etc and some of 
the results are slowly starting to trickle in, and I think that will just open more floodgates. We 
already started the other thing that we have decided to very clearly is the products have to be for 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
that particular market. It cannot be copied ADHO is the only product we should carry on as it is. 
And will any other product, we will see the treatment to that market or look at some of the 
markets. So for example, Middle East, we are looking at a large range of product not a large 
product, a range of products, which will be tailored made only for UAE, a lot of innovation work 
happened. We worked with the UAE team, we worked with local consultant. We did consumer 
study in UAE for that. So some product range will be coming up in UAE specific, which has 
nothing to do with the India range at all, so a separate range. 
 
Made in India not made in India, I mean I said constructed in India in terms of R&D, etc but 
completely catering to the needs of the Gulf markets. So these kind of interventions will happen 
Bangladesh, we launched 2 products, minor products, but launched being successful to the two 
products have had nothing to do with India.  
 
So this kind of work will happen as well as we'll take some hybrid products from India as well. 
obviously, the product. It will have to be tailor-made the particular country's requirements those 
works are going on. So these kinds of launches will keep happening. So we clearly see the 20% 
number is not a large aspirational number, It's a good number, It's a challenging number, but 
clearly a doable number. Coming back to your coconut, amla portfolios, etc. I think in terms of 
growth, all of them, as I said, we have clearly have a clarity in terms of numbers that we want 
to push. Some of them are showing much better traction than what we had expected. 
 
Some of them we have tactically pulled down a bit because of the gross margin issue that we 
talked about and as we have improved in our gross margin, we'll again tactically see. So it will 
both a mix of strategic and tactical move for the next five years as far as the other portfolio are 
concerned beyond ADHO.  
Viraj: 
Just to follow up, if can you give firm size of each of these category products in the new product, 
which we talked about, say coconut oil, amla range? And second is on the international. So 
would acquisitions be a major milestone to achieve the 20% target? Or you think organically, 
we have enough avenues to us to reach the 20% sales mix. So if it's organic, what milestones 
will be tracking internally to achieve it? 
Jaideep Nandi: 
So first part, Coconut obviously, is a much larger market than Amla, the two categories that you 
mentioned. So hence, we'll also treat the two separately clear opportunities exist in both well 
exploited as we see both strategically and tactically. As far as international is concerned, clearly, 
most of our plans that we have drawn up is organically planned out. But yes, we are keeping an 
opportunity as far as international is concerned. 
 
But the international acquisition, clearly, at least in my mind, I'm very very, clear that the 
guardrails has to be far more stringent than we have for our domestic acquisition. So domestic 
acquisitions is, I think the parameters are a little less volatile as far as international exposures 
are concerned, we need to be aware of the country's macroeconomic conditions in terms of their 
volatility of their currency and so on and so forth. 
 
So, keeping all these factors, the restrictions and guardrails in international acquisitions remain 
very high. Also in the kind of categories we want to get into. We don't want to be an investor. 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 

       
Bajaj Consumer Care Limited 
 
 
May 09, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
We want to get into categories where we can add value in the organization. So, with those 
guardrails, what fits in is what we would want to. So both in terms of acquisition as well as 
organic will be the thing, but it will be a little over-indexed on organic. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Jaideep Nandi: 
Thank you, everyone. So as you saw, it was a difficult year. We had some good successes. In 
fact, most of the initiatives that we have been pushing are on the right track, so whether it be the 
new products that we wanted to get into whether it be the modern trade e-commerce, the new 
channels that we wanted to push further, whether it be in the international markets that we want 
to push forward. 
 
So now is the time to basically recover our core I think a lot of work in the last six months have 
been working specifically exclusively to work on core, which is basically both GT as well as in 
terms of ADHO. We have given you a glimpse of what work we are doing in terms of general 
trade, in terms of engaging with consultants working with us as well as in terms of Almond 
Drops, what we are looking at in terms of different pack wise or how you want to get into LUPs 
where we want to take up. 
 
The larger packs have been already doing well. So it's more the LUPs and the mid-packs and 
interventions. Actually, if you ask nearly happening and going to happen in actually nearly all 
of the SKUs rather than large packs. So I think we feel very confident that most of our green 
shoots are already showing results now that we also see that the external market is becoming a 
little more favorable. We see that FY25 should be a good year for us. So with that, I end this 
comment and thank you for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies in the English 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking / recording/transcribing  
 
bajaj coNsuMrn cAnE 
