SPp 
Cngineering | Life 
Date: 31st May, 2024 
National Stock Exchange 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
Mumbai-400001 
NSE Scrip Code: SPMLINFRA) 
BSE Scrip Code: 500402) 
Sub: 
 Transcript of Earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 315t March, 2024 
Dear Sir(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 
30 
read with Schedule 
III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference 
Call organized by the Company on 31st May, 2024 post declaration of audited financial results for the 
quarter and year ended 31st March 2024. 
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking you, 
For SPML Infra Limited 
Swati 
DR 
Dite: 20240605 
Agarwal 55 o5 
Swati Agarwal 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
SPML INFRA LIMITED 
22, Camac Street, Block-A, 
3rd Floor, 
Kolkata- 700 016 
Ph: +91 33 4009 1200 
| Fax: 
+91 33 4009 1303 
E-mail: info@spml.co.in 
| Website: www.spml.co.in 
CIN: L40106DL1981PLCO12228 
150 9001:2015 
Regd. Office: F-27/2, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-Il New Delhi-110020 

sp \( L 
Engineerncy 
A 
SPML Infra Ltd. — 31”1\4{1)1, 2024 
SPML 
Engineering 
§ 
Life 
SPML Infra Limited 
Q4 & FY ‘24 Results Conference Call 
May 31, 2024 
Management Representatives: 
Mr. Manoj Digga — Director Commercials & Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Malay Kanti Chakraborti — Executive Vice President 
Page 
1 0f 18 

SFP\(L 
Moderator: 
Pranay Premkumar: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SPML Infra Limited’s Q4 and FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the *, then 0 
on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranay Premkumar from Adfactors PR, Investor 
Relations team. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Good evening, everyone. From the senior management we have with us, Mr. Manoj Digga - 
Director Commercial and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Malay Kanti Chakraborti - Executive 
Vice President. 
Before we begin the conference call, 
| would like to mention that some of the statements 
made during the course of today's call may be forward-looking in nature, including those 
related to the future financial and operating performances, benefits and synergies of the 
company strategies, future opportunities and growth of the market of the companies 
services. 
Further, 
| would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's conference may 
involve risks and uncertainties. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Manoj Digga. 
Thank you. Good evening and thank you all of you for joining the Q4 and FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of SPML Infra Limited. 
| am Manoj Digga 
- Director Commercial and CFO of 
the company and along with s the Vice President, Mr. Malay Kanti Chakraborti. 
Before we start the start discussing on the financials, let me give you a brief overview of the 
company and industry trend, emerging business opportunities, etc. As regards, the company 
was established in 1981. SPML Infra is a leading publicly listed infrastructure development 
company that has managed and implemented over 650 project across India on an EPC, PPP 
and BOOT basis primarily in water supply and distribution, water treatment and transmission, 
wastewater handling treatment and recycling, solid waste management, power transmission 
and distribution and civil infrastructure development. SPML Infra Limited was among the 
world's top 50 private water and waste water management companies as per Global Water 
Intelligence, London. 
With regards to the water sector, the infrastructure sector continues to be a key driver of the 
economic development in India, with substantial government investments notably in road, 
railway and urban transportation projects, there is a significant focus on water supply and 
Wastewater management and treatment projects. As we all know, water, which is an integral 
Page 2 of 18 

SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
resource for all infra and economic development, has become scarce with almost half of 
India's population and industrial suffering. Over the last five years, the Government of India 
has launched various initiatives focused towards improving water supply coverage, such as 
the Jal Jeevan mission, AMRUT 2.0 and Wastewater Treatment and Reuse Project under the 
Namami Gange and other schemes having total outflow of approximately Rs. 10 lakh crore. 
There 
are 
other 
initiatives dedicated towards groundwater, 
recharge 
and 
resource 
augmentation with significant investment. These initiatives present great opportunities for 
SPML Infra Limited. We are the only water management company in India continuously 
working for the last 43 years. With our strong pre-qualification credentials, we are well 
positioned to participate in almost all the water project tenders and execute them with ease, 
driving revenue growth. We are also of the strong belief that India has a great opportunity to 
increase water supply infrastructure to diminish the massive gap between water supply and 
projected demand. As per the estimation, the total demand by 2030 will be around 1500 
billion cubic meter and supply will be only around 750 billion cubic meter. Factors like rapid 
urbanization, increased industrial growth, increased requirement by agriculture sector and 
adequate water supply situation would certainly trigger growth of the water sector. 
SPML 
Infra has 
a 
rich 
legacy 
of over four decades 
in water supply, 
infrastructure 
development, distribution and wastewater treatment projects. Considering our strength in 
this sector, we have the capability and expertise to become the leading player in the water 
sector. We also have 
a long standing relationship with central and state government 
agencies, Water Ministries, which is evident by our marquee clients which includes PHED, 
PGCIL, NTPC, Jal Jeevan Mission, Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewage Board, 
Gujarat Water Infrastructure Limited, Narmada Water Resources Supply, Delhi Jal Board, UP 
Jal Nigam, Bangalore Water Supply and Sewage Board and Namami Gange among others. We 
command a superior execution track record in the EPC sector till date. 
We have O&M experience of water supply system for more than 10 years, successfully 
executed individual drinking water supply and management project worth over Rs. 1,500 
crore, constructed up to 500 MLD water treatment plant, up to 200 MLD waste water 
treatment plants and over 10,000 kilometers of water pipeline projects. SPML Infra is the part 
of the single target water supply project being executed in India under the Saurashtra 
Narmada Avtaran lrrigation, SAUNI Yojana in Gujarat. 
In the last few years, the company has gone through financial stress due to volatile market 
conditions and delay in receiving arbitration award of approximately Rs. 1,000 crore and 
claim already filed of approximately Rs. 4,090 crore. We have addressed our debt concern by 
successfully restructuring 
it through 
the 
Indian 
Debt Restructuring Company, 
IDRCL 
constituted attorney of National Asset Reconstruction Company NARCL. Under the said 
restructuring, IDRCL has given the option to the company for the full payment either Rs. 700 
crore in eight years or Rs. 967 crore in 10 years without any interest. The majority of the 
Page 3 of 18 

Moderator: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
repayments are linked with the realization from arbitration award and claim, and there is a 
very minimum payment from the cash flow of the company. Out of the aforesaid repayment, 
the company has already repaid Rs. 224 crore, mainly from the realization from arbitration 
award under Vivad se Vishwas scheme. The total amount receivable under Vivad se Vishwas 
scheme is approximately Rs. 294 crore. Out of this, the company has already received Rs. 244 
crore and balance Rs. 50 crore will also be received shortly. 
Our focus is towards building a strong order book by bidding for selected large water supply, 
fully funded projects because of its faster execution. The company maintained the strategy 
for executing every project under the escrow mechanism to reduce strain on the working 
capital and for proper monitoring of funds. Going forward, we plan to improve profitability by 
bidding for selective high growth and better margin projects. The business opportunity 
available and the company's eligibility for the same are disproportionate to the size of the 
company at present. 
Now, come to the financials. We would now move towards our quarterly financial 
performance. We recorded revenue growth of 84% to Rs. 463 crore in Q4 financial year 24 as 
compared to Rs. 251 crore in Q3 financial year 24. Our EBITDA was recorded at Rs. 66 crore as 
compared to Rs. 5 crore in Q3 financial year 24. We recorded a strong growth in PAT this 
quarter to Rs. 17 crore in Q4 financial year 24 as compared to Rs. 1 crore in Q3 financial year 
24. 
Coming to our full year financial performance, we recorded revenue growth of 50% to Rs. 
1,318 crore in financial year 24 as compared to Rs. 878 crore in financial year 23. Our EBITDA 
was recorded at Rs. 78 crore compared to Rs. 5.5 crore in financial year 23. We recorded a 
strong growth in PAT in financial year 24 to Rs. 19.5 crore as compared to Rs. 2 crore in 
financial year 23. With the impact of the sanction of IDRCL, we reported a healthy balance 
sheet with a net worth of Rs. 509 crore, debt of Rs. 557 crore, current assets Rs. 885 crore, 
including cash and bank balance of Rs. 227 crore and current liability of Rs. 583 crore. During 
the current year, we have already reduced the debt by Rs. 223 crore and further expect it to 
reduce by Rs. 40 crore by sale of identified properties. With this, we conclude our opening 
remarks. Thank you for listening to us. We now open the floor for a question and answer 
session. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Dhruv Mukesh from Smart Sync Investment Advisory Services. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, in our presentation, we have guided that we can take orders worth Rs. 10,000 crore per 
year and generate annual revenues of Rs. 3,000 crore. So the first question is that is the 
normal length of our orders around three years and how do we recognize revenue and do 
Page 4 of 18 

SFP\(L 
Manoj Digga: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
Manoj Digga: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
Manoj Digga: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
collection for the same, like is it in a phased manner or post completion of the project we get 
the majority of their money? 
Basically, as 
| told you, we have completed our business debt resolution with the lender. At 
the moment, our focus will be highly on the selected boutique project which has a high 
profitability, high revenue and a shorter period of completion of the project and with a 
proper good market position and fully funded project. So we are not targeting Rs. 10,000 
crore of order book into any years. We have a target to select Rs. 2,000 to Rs. 4,000 crore 
order book in any particular year and want to have a focus on our bottom line instead of the 
topline. 
And sir, currently we are doing subcontracting projects due to the limitations with regards to 
the bank guarantees, but going forward, 
do we plan on taking the entire contracts 
considering the margins are much better in that case or how do we see that? 
In the business, it is 
a combination of all. Basically, as 
| told you, we will definitely like to take 
and execute the business, which is a high profit business by our own where we will expect a 
decent margin, easier execution, fully funded project. If there is any other project which is 
not meeting the criteria and if you are finding a good subcontractor, we can take that 
because we have the requisite PQ we can take that project and we can give the 
subcontracting business also. But at the moment our focus is to take the business in our own 
book and to develop the business, which is a high profitable business. 
And sir, we have currently received around Rs. 1,000 crore under Vivad se Vishwas scheme 
and we have filed claims worth around Rs. 4,000 crore. So what is the timeline regarding the 
type of claims and how do they get resorted and how much do we actually expect to receive 
from this particular claim? Like is there some 100% type of settlement? Or we get some 
haircut or how does this thing go? 
At the moment we have around Rs. 1,000 crore of arbitration award out of which Rs. 464 
crore is qualifying for Vivad Se Vishwas because in Vivad Se Vishwas only the PSU arbitration 
which has come into effect before January 2023 are eligible for Vivad se Vishwas. So in our 
case it is Rs. 464 crore. They have their set trend of settling the award under Vivad se Vishwas 
scheme like on the principal they are settling at 65% at which level the arbitration award is 
there, that is properly written in the Vivad se Vishwas scheme. In our Rs. 464 crore, we are 
expecting a recovery of Rs. 294 crore approximately out of which Rs. 244 crore we have 
already received and around Rs. 50 crore s at different stage. We are expecting the entire 
realization into current financial year. 
Sir, 50 you have told that out of the Rs. 1,000 crore, Rs. 464 crore qualify for Vivad se Vishwas 
scheme and the other Rs. 500 crore, have we received that or how will that process going 
forward? 
Page 5 of 18 

sPML 
Manoj Digga: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
That is the normal arbitration because the arbitration award is going through; there are few 
arbitration in a very advanced stage, like Supreme Court, etc. So throughout the year the 
things will keep on coming and there is a huge change in the arbitration and concealment act. 
So now the situation was not like earlier, where it took a long time. There is a set trend they 
have fixed for each dispute at each level. So we are expecting that the realization will be 
much faster now. 
And sir, just the last question from my side. Sir, what is our current order book, the timeline 
of execution of the same and what can be the EBITDA and PAT margins that we can expect 
going forward because pre-COVID, we were actually clocking around 10% EBITDA margins 
and only post 2020, our problems started increasing. So how should we look at that going 
forward? 
No. Here at the moment our order book is Rs. 1,300 crore and as regards, 
| can only say that 
the future looks better because of our pre-qualification, because of our resolution, because 
of our liquidity, because the election has also completed and now various projects will come. 
Around 10,00,000 crore of project is there which are going to be executed in 10 years, so 
roughly around 1,00,000 crore every year and then the future water schemes of the 
government have started coming. So we are expecting the next 10 years in the water sector, 
to be a boom sector. And since we are the basic player on the water sector, having 40 years 
of experience of water sector, having the pre-qualification in almost all the water project of 
any size, we feel that we will get much benefit. The numbers etc. are forward-looking, so 
| will 
not be able to elaborate. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bajrang Bafna from Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Sir, 
I have just started understanding the company. So if you could just take us through the 
broad contours of the restructuring scheme that we have gone through and pardon me, as 
per what we hear from some of the industry experts which talk about that once the 
restructuring is sort of done with the lenders, then normally you don't get the BG limits and 
all those things from the banking channel per se and couple of projects which comes 
especially from the government, they have a clear indication that the company which has 
gone in the restructuring and all, they will not be qualified even for the government tender, 
couple of government tenders. So if you just burst couple of these understanding or meets it 
will be really helpful? 
Part you are correct, part not, let me first brief about the restructuring. Basically our loan, the 
lenders and we decided to do the restructuring through the NARCL and they have transferred 
the account to NARCL. It is a bank’s created ARC and they have restructured our loan and it 
has been agreed that we have to pay, either Rs. 700 crore in 8 years, Rs. 967 crore in 10 
years. The aforesaid amount is without any interest. Now, we don't have to pay any interest. 
Page 6 of 18 

Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
And they have linked with the payment mainly from the arbitration and claim. So the total in 
10 years, it is Rs. 16 crore and in 8 years around Rs. 8 to Rs. 12 crore we have to pay from the 
cash flow. Rest, all they linked with the arbitration and award without any interest. They have 
taken 12.5% of the paid up capital as additional. Out of this Rs. 700 crore, as 
| explained you, 
Rs. 223 crore we have already paid, Rs. 40 crore we have identified from one of the property 
which are going to be sold this financial year. And the rest few of the additional funds we 
have already paid, roughly around Rs. 75 crore from the Vivad se Vishwas will be further 
available into the company, so around 50% of the sustainable debt visibility is very clear to us. 
That is about the restructuring. Regarding the project, you have to be solvent that is the one 
condition. So after the resolution we have the solvency. So there is no issue on taking up any 
project into that. The BG requirement we have the liquidity. For one year, there may be a 
difficulty on getting that BG limit from the NARCL, but after that we are free to take from the 
banks also, further we can go to the bank. At the moment we have roughly around FD of Rs. 
85 crore and with further Vivad se Vishwas money and our infusion, we have the visibility of 
roughly around Rs. 150 to Rs. 170 crore that will be utilized for the BG purpose for doing the 
business. 
So one year you said that you are going to face some difficulty in getting the BG limits? 
We are not, because as 
| told you, we have sufficient liquidity which is required for taking the 
business because getting the BG from the liquidity is not an issue. There are few tenders 
where BG is also not required. So there is a mix. So we will not face any problems getting 
business after the resolution. 
And you expect this, 50% you have already lined up for the sustainable debt part and 
remaining 50%, you assume that maybe in next 3-4 years you will be able to generate and 
you will be able to pay off that entirely? 
One of the major chunk is coming from one of our arbitration award, which s of Arunachal 
Pradesh. It is at the final hearing of the Supreme Court. So we are expecting a sizable chunk 
roughly around Rs. 190 crore from that arbitration award and that will meet majority of our 
requirement. 
What will be the total arbitration that you are still fighting except this Rs. 190 crore and all, 
what is the chunk that is available 
to you maybe in next couple of years which you expect that 
eventually you can get? 
Roughly around, if you see after Vivad se Vishwas, roughly around Rs. 600 crore of arbitration 
award where we won and arbitration award in our favor is in our hand out of which Rs. 190 
crore is of the Arunachal, which is at the highest level of Supreme Court, we have completed 
all the hearings, it is on the final hearing, rest are at various court level. And we have roughly 
around Rs. 4,090 crore of claims which is in the process of arbitration and we are expecting 
Page 7 of 18 

SFP\(L 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
some settlement from those claims or converting it into receipt going forward this year. So 
this award and claim together, we are very confident that we don't have any problem on 
payments of the sustainable debt. 
And sir, what will happen to this unsustainable part that is going through, any liability that 
can come in future except this 12.5% equity that you have given? 
Now, the sanction is very clear that on payment of the sustainable debt, the unsustainable 
debt, NCD will be extinguished. 
And any interest that you indicated somehow Rs. 12 crore you have to pay from cash flows 
every year? 
No, we don't have to pay any interest. 
| have told you that the total amount in next 8 years, 
| 
have to pay Rs. 12 crore from the cash flow out of which Rs. 4 crore we have already paid. So 
they have linked the entire payment with the arbitration. So our cash flow is free from any 
interest payment and free from any installment payment. 
Sir, have you gone through the HCC, what Hindustan Construction has done in terms of 
arbitration and the debt that have emerged from the company, they have formed  another 
company where they have divested and nothing is getting consolidated right now in their 
books. They have sold out 51% stake to someone where the debt has been transferred and 
the arbitration awards which they are expecting has also been transferred, so eventually that 
subsidiary or that associate will take care of all those past legacy issues and the business is 
going to run in a normal fashion. So my just humble request, if you can just check that out 
and if that can work out for our company, 
I think that will be great, you can say the clear 
road map for the growth plans, without putting too much concentration on this arbitration 
and all these things. So just a submission which 
| have understood from them and 
I found it 
really good for any infra company which is really reeling under a lot of past issues, so just a 
suggestion. 
Thank you. We will go through, but every company has its unique requirement and unique 
feature. 
| think our resolution is very balanced and since we have the visibility of 50%, there is 
no pressure on the repayment of the debt, but 
| will see and 
I will review the HCC 
restructuring. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Kothari from PI Square Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
| had some questions while 
| was going through the financial statement. One of the major 
expense that comes from the other expense part, when 
| read on the other expense part that 
Page 8 of 18 

SFP\(L 
Manoj Digga: 
Manoj Digga: 
Rishi Kothari: 
Manoj Digga: 
Rishi Kothari: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
was more into return of all trade receivables and any investments that we have made, So 
what exactly are we looking at in this other expense part? 
If you can see our financial statement, we have clearly indicated that other expenses of 
roughly around Rs. 180 crore consists of some write-off of the debtors, some write-off of the 
investment and loan and some impairment of the debtors by way of ECL. So this is the normal 
routine and basically we have deeply reviewed the entire books of accounts and when we 
found that there are certain debtors, etc., which will be recovered through the claim and 
arbitration, then that will be a separate contract, which we have written-off into the current 
financial year. So that is the reason why the other expenses have increased. If you remove 
that Rs. 180 crore, other expenses are at the same level. 
Are you saying this other expense part, which is clear that as to e are writing off the assets 
and trade receivables, so are we still expecting some written-off for 2-3 quarters in FY25-26 
that sort of a thing? 
No, as 
| told you, we have done the deep review of the entire assets and liability because as 
the accounts has been transferred from ours to NARCL, they have also done the deep driven 
review and we also done the deep review and whatever amount which 
is going to be 
recovered from the arbitration and claim, we have adjusted from our book, so that is over, 
that has gone from our book and when the arbitration will come that will come as a separate 
receipt and that time we will do the accounting accordingly. 
A follow up question on the NARCL part. So as you said, we are not being charged on the 
interest rate after restructuring of the loan, but we still see some finance cost in terms of the 
order of around Rs. 50 crore. What exactly is this finance cost that we are talking about here? 
No, what happened? In the last 2-3 years, we are making the payment 
to the banks and banks 
are adjusting, we are making the payment in the principal amount because as per the law, 
the bank should not charge the interest after 90 days of overdue etc. But few of the banks 
had adjusted from their interest amount, so when they transfer the account to NARCL, the 
figure was Rs. 1,657 crore and in our book it is around Rs. 1,612 crore or something. So the 
difference of that we have charged into the profit and loss account to make the balance in 
line with the lenders if they have assigned the loan to the NARCL. Going forward, there will 
not be any interest liability on the book. 
So this is just the balance entry that we wanted to clear on the books of account? 
Thatis correct. 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 9 of 18 

SFP\(L 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Manoj Digga: 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
Soright now we are having an order book of Rs. 1,300 crore, so what would be the execution 
timeline of it? And what is our order pipeline going forward like how many orders have we 
already bid for and the tender will come out and we will be able to win, so any color on how 
much orders 
we expect to win in FY25? 
There are 2 things one is the existing order book it is around Rs. 1,300 crore which we will 
majorly execute into this year and next year. So that is one because all are in the fag end, so 
we will complete that. As 
| told you, there is Rs. 10 lakh crore of business and every year 
there will be a business in the range of roughly around Rs. 1 lakh crore and the governmentis 
continuously announcing further scheme on the water sector because water is the thrust 
area at this moment. So we are expecting few more announcements going forward after 
relaxation. So there can be a business opportunity of Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 150,000 crore every 
year. As | told you we are a water player for last 43 years and we are qualifying into almost all 
tenders which is coming by the government at various levels. So our focus will be on a 
particular type of bulk water distribution business and we are expecting roughly around in a 
year, as 
| told you we will be very choosy on selecting the order which is boutique in nature, 
fully funded, with a high profit margin, with an easy and timely execution. So we are targeting 
roughly around Rs. 2,000 crore to Rs. 4,000 crore of order book every year and there is 
enough business opportunity. So we will not have much problem in acquiring that, but these 
are the target level against the business availability of roughly around Rs. 1 lakh crore. 
So, sir, the typical order that we say high margin that we are targeting, what kind of margins 
would that be? What kind of margins do we expect in the orders we want to bid for as well as 
what kind of competition will be faced, because if they will be niche, so what will be our USP 
and what is the competition that we can see, sir? 
Look, we are targeting the order from Rs. 700 crore and above where the competition will 
keep on reducing. So there will be 5-6 players not more than that number one. Number two 
our target business will be between 15% to 20% margin. But that is there one in the in the top 
level there will be less competition, there will be a sizable volume of business available and 
limited players are there and we are qualifying for all orders, so we will try to take the 
selected order of our requirement of our criteria in the range of 15% to 20%, that is our 
target level. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Smit Doshi from Wise Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
So 
I have 2, 3 questions first is with regards to O&M, so out of that Rs. 1,300 crore is there 
any portion which comes out from O&M? 
Very limited. 
Page 10 of 18 

SFP\(L 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
And what is the difference of margin profile between O&M and EPC in our business? 
In our business, we take the margin in the EPC business itself. The O&M is the requirement 
which we have to keep, but the main margin is in the EPC business. 
That 
| understand, but what s it in percentage terms let us say for example for Rs. 100 of EPC 
project, there s Rs. 10 of margin in EPC and for recurring O&M there would be a Rs. 15 or Rs. 
170f margin of that additional business, so that type of question 
| am asking, so can you 
clarify then that would be very helpful for us? 
It will be almost the same level like EPC business and O&M may always be the same level of 
20% to 25% margin. 15% to 25% margin you can take on the O&M. 
Soin our past history we have seen that general EBITDA margin of your business is around 8% 
t0 11% and here we are targeting of 15% to 20%, so what is the major difference that we are 
doing from this year onwards? 
There are 2-3 factors, one, you are seeing the EBITDA margin with the legacy of the project 
which as 
| told you will be completed in this financial year and next financial year. Next new 
business, what we are taking, we are very choosy and we will try to take only the boutique 
project. So there our target is 15% to 20%, so whatever the new business 
we will take, we will 
generate the EBITDA of 15%-20% that 
is our target because 
this is our internal target we have 
set up for taking the new project. 
So if you are willing to then can you please elaborate about the competition side for that 
boutique project? How many players are there in that type of profile or if you name 1 or 2 or 
few then we can compare and get better idea about all these things? 
If you see the L&T is there, Wabag is there, NCC is there, Megha is there, there are few player 
only, so if 
| take the business of say Rs. 600 crore and above, there are very limited player or 
competitor, so these 4-5 players will be the competitor. 
And with regards to one accounting entry that for if we pay in 8 years then the debt would be 
of Rs. 700 crore and if we pay in 10 years then that debt would be of Rs. 967 crore. So for that 
difference of Rs. 267 crore, we have done a deferred income provision. So is there any logic 
behind this because that is non-cash item and that would only inflate our networth, so there 
is no actual outflow or something it is just the option that we have opted for. So for that 
option we are recognizing the income, so 
| am not able to understand why we are doing this, 
but ifyou can put some color on that, that would be very helpful? 
Good question. Basically, if you see the IDRCL which is the NARCL attorney, they have done 
the restructuring and they have given us 2 options, Rs. 700 crore and Rs. 967 crore with our 
Page 11 of 18 

SmitDoshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
samarth Singh: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
Rs. 223 crore paid Rs. 75 crore in hand Rs. 40 crore identified assets there is a clear visibility 
and the Arunachal Supreme Court award, which is at the highest level. We have the clear 
visibility of making the payment of Rs. 700 crore in 8 years and there is no logic, basically 8 
years and 10 years there is a difference of Rs. 267 crore. Any shortfall, even if that happened 
for any say we can borrow and we can make the payment. So in all fairness, we will pay to 
NARCL in 7 years, but this Rs. 267 crore deferred income what we have created, we are not 
putting to the to the PL account or of the current financial year. We are not taking into the 
net worth into the current financial year. We are also dividing this into the next 8 years based 
on the certain percentage and which is clearly as per the Ind AS requirement as per Ind AS 
formula, when there is a certainty and when we have the 2 option you can book the deferred 
income and that can be split. 
| can book the entire deferred income into this year profitability 
also, but purposely as a conservative accountant, we have been deferring this deferred 
income for the next 8 years before that, we will make the payment to the NARCL. 
So as per your answer, what 
| understand is that is Ind AS permitting this type of transaction 
because it is completely non-cash transaction. It is like that we are prepaying the loan and not 
paying any interest for let us say for example if we are paying in 8 years and if e are paying 
in 10 years then there would be a loss of interest in case of NARCL if they will charge the 
interest, so that is the difference that we are getting as a benefit and we are marking that 
benefit which is not actually a cash outflow, which is not being paid by us and we are marking 
that income and that would inflate our balance sheet probably in net worth side and that will 
help in bidding better projects might be that is the vision that management is taking if | am 
not wrong can you please correct me on that side? 
No, this is not the correct situation. Number one, NARCL whether we take a Rs. 967 crore or 
Rs. 700 crore, they are not charging any interest. So irrespective whether 
| consider Rs. 967 
crore or Rs. 700 crore, NARCL 
is charging no interest from us as per the restructuring 
agreement. Number two, 
if that was the intention, 
I could have taken this the entire income 
into this current year and increased my net worth accordingly, but we have not because it is a 
conservative accounting, and it is as per the Ind AS requirement. Since the 8 years we will 
spread because of the certainty which will keep on coming on the payment of Rs. 700 crore, 
the formula has been derived as per the requirement of Ind AS to spread this into the 8 years 
and take the profitability and net worth into that year not now. So by doing this technically 
| 
am losing because if 
| increase this net worth now, my bidding capacity will further increase, 
but we are going with the law, which is permissible to spread this into the 8 years and those 
years will be incorporated into our net worth. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samarth Singh from TPF Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
At the end of the year what is our debt on the balance sheet? 
| think you mentioned Rs. 550 
crore, is that right? 
Page 12 of 18 

sPML 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
ManojDigga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
The total debt which is in our book which is reflecting as per the NPV value is Rs. 511 crore 
and this Rs. 267 crore is reflecting as a deferred income, so in the book if you see the debt it is 
Rs. 511 crore. 
So we have taken the NPV of the Rs. 7 crore and that comes out? 
This is again Ind AS requirement. 
Is there any other promoter debt only on the balance sheet or this is the only debt on the 
balance sheet as of now? 
Very limited amount with the promoter because at the time of our earlier lenders business, 
they have put some covenant of the promoter debt to be there because they have told us to 
infuse certain amount in the subordinate debt. So that debt is roughly around Rs. 35 crore is 
there in our book, rest is the NARCL loan. 
Totally Rs. 540 crore- Rs. 550 crore total debt as of 31st March and then you have made some 
payments post that as well, right? 
Right. 
How much did you say you given to? 
We have paid Rs. 223 crore, no after that we have paid Rs. 189 crore because Rs. 35 crore we 
have already paid into the last year and after that we have paid Rs. 189 crore and Rs. 40 crore 
further will be paid into this current year. 
And this Rs. 189 crore came from the cash on the balance sheet or from arbitration or award 
we received posts? 
If you see the last year we have received Rs. 201 crore from Vivad se Vishwas if you see our 
balance sheet, there is a Rs. 206 crore reflecting cash and bank balance that comprises of the 
Rs. 201 crore from the Vivad se Vishwas, so that money has gone for the payment to the 
lenders. 
And in total for this restructuring including the additional equity that was to be issued 
between NARCL and the promoters, what is the total additional shares that will be issued? 
We have given 75 lakh shares to NARCL that we have to give. We have given basically to the 
promoters, in the restructuring the total share we have given 1 crore share out of which 75 
lakh we have given to NARCL balance 
to the promoter and promoter group. 
This issuance has already happened as of 31 March? 
Page 13 of 18 

sPML 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
samarth Singh: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
Manoj Digga: 
Dhruv Mukesh: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
SPML Infra Ltd. — 31° May, 2024 
Issuance has already happened. 
And there were some additional warrants as well, right about Rs. 70 lakh warrants? 
Basically the promoter has infused further warrant of Rs. 50 crore by way of warrant out of 
which 25% we have paid balance we will pay into 18 months. 
And this has happened before the end of the year, right? Or it has happened after? 
This has happened along with the allotment to NARCL. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Mukesh from Smart Sync Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
We have faced difficulties in receiving money from this government leading to a struggling for 
arbitration payment claims, so how is the current scenario in terms of receivable cycles from 
the government? And how are we seeing the payment cycle? 
Good question. That is our target that unless there is a fully funded project, we are not going 
to take the business and in any case the liquidity in the various government has improved 
substantially and now forward when it is a fully funded project and when it is funded by the 
World Bank etc., then the control mechanism and the fund availability will never become the 
issue. So then it is like a term-loan when you send the bill, the bank disburse the same, the 
same way once the funded project will be there, we raise the RA bill, we will get the payment 
immediately. So that is our targeted and we will only select those project and if it is a fully 
funded project then there will not be any problem into the payment. In any case, the 
payment system has improved 
a lot because every PSED, etc, there is 
a thrust of the 
government for improvement of the water sector, so they have released the fund. Al the 
state, all the center has released the fund to their PSD, etc., so payment in any case has 
improved, but our target to take care of this, we have decided internally, that we will not take 
the project if it is not fully funded. 
1 just wanted to ask for some clarity that we have currently issued around 1 crore shares for 
this restructuring exercise and 70 lakh warrants to our promoters, right? And, sir we don't 
plan any further equity dilution as such going forward because the majority of our claims will 
be made through arbitration? 
The movement is not required because we have tied up Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 170 crore, so at 
the moment 
we don't require. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Kothari from PI Square Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Page 14 of 18 

Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
Smit Doshi: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
In terms of the business which we are into right now the kind of segment that we are 
currently focusing are the government projects, right f | am not wrong? 
This water is mainly government, no private are coming into the water, so all the water 
projects are the government projects. And in the water if you see there are 3 segments, one 
is the bulk water which is constituted from river to the reservoir, second is reservoir to every 
tap, third is from the tap to the sewerage and again to the river. Our target area will be the 
bulk which is the river to the reservoir. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Smit Doshi from Wise Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, 
| just want to ask with regards to that, we are seeing that Rs. 1 lakh to Rs. 1.5 lakh crore is 
the expenditure which government is doing yearly basis, but we are focusing on the boutique 
projects and large projects, so what is the exact targetable market for us out of that budget? 
1 can't tell you exactly, but if you see around 50% is on that category and 50% is the below 
category. So if it is a Rs. 1 lakh crore or Rs. 1,50,000 crore business roughly around Rs. 50,000 
crore to Rs. 75,000 crore business will be the business which we will target. In any case even 
if it is small and if it is profitable and fully funded, and is executed in a timely manner, we are 
not averse to take that project, we will take that project also. But our target because the 
competition level on the higher amount of project will be very limited, so that is our target 
area. But even if it is a very technical project where there are very limited player to execute 
because we have our expertise and technical team of last 43 years, so 
if those type of 
projects are coming and even if it is a lower value and it is giving the good margin and if it is a 
fully funded project and meeting our criteria to be executed in 2 to 3 years, we will be happy 
to take that project. 
And you have named few of your competitors and they are boasting their patent and 
technologies and like that thing, so for example, Wabag has 125 plus patents and their cost 
saving measures are good. So what type of the USP is we enjoying that make us a formidable 
player in the market? So that is the qualitative aspect that 
| want to understand from your 
side going ahead? 
Good question. If you see in 40 plus years there are only 2 companies we and L&T and more 
so we are only focused into water. We have developed our expertise our knowledge, our 
technology all into the water from the beginning and that is our USP. So, on the water we are 
having a very good expertise, technical knowledge and human resources which are the 
necessary requirements for execution of any project. Number 2, from the beginning we are 
very focused on technology. If you see we are one of the earlier companies who of our size 
who has used SAP HANA which are the highest version of the accounting and control 
software. We have Darwinbox, we have Range, we have all the technology, which is not only 
Page 15 of 18 

Moderator: 
Tej Patel: 
Manoj Digga: 
Tej Patel: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
reducing our manpower, improving our efficiency, but it also has the better control on the 
document, on the paper, on the process and on the flow of the business and on the flow of 
the project execution, 
so that 
is our second strength. Our third strength 
is our fund 
monitoring. Like if you see 
| am sure very limited company in the EPC front, they do all the 
project into Escrow mechanism like at the moment, all 12-13 active projects are maintained 
through the Escrow mechanism, means one project it is controlled all the funding in coming 
into that project. All the expenditure is going into that project and we maintain the Escrow 
arrangement in such a way that the contractors and supplier of that project don't require any 
L, they don't require any BG, they keep on supplying, they are taking the call on to the 
customer and then they there will not be any working capital requirement into that, that is 
our third USP. Fourth USP because of our credential, because our 50 years of playing role, our 
qualification is almost in every project, every area, every size of project, every size of O&M. 
Like if the government pays Rs. 1 lakh very limited company even if you go you barring L&T, 
even if you go to other companies there may not be that they will be qualified for 101 lakh 
crore or 1,50,000 crore in almost all. We are doing because we have the 43 years of track 
record. We have the execution track record we have set up the plan. Like in the river, if you 
see the Gujarat River linking that SAUNI 1, 2, 3 in all we are from the beginning because very 
limited players are there. So that PQ is our additional qualification which we are having, 
which is giving us the edge against various other competitors? In the type of project which we 
can bid, that gives us the advantage for choosing the boutique business, which we wil 
require to take for growth and for our future profitability. Fifth, since we don't have to pay 
any liability to the lenders for the repayments. We can afford to take the limited project, 
selected projects and we can afford to do the business with our terms and our credential and 
our profitability, otherwise they will be pressured for the payment of interest, payment for 
the repayment and then people use to take the project and then some diversion here and 
there. In our case itis not possible because we don't have any compulsion of that. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tej Patel from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Since you shared we have not been recognizing interest on our loan since November 2019 
and we haven't paid also an interest to our bank borrowings then what are those Rs. 50 odd 
crore cash outflows for the interest paid? Are those on the promoter or related party loans? 
If you see, even if you don't pay, if you are continuing with the bank, you have to pay the cut 
back that is the compulsion. If in the restructuring, if you do the last 2 years or 3 years, we are 
not paying, but we have to pay certain amount to the lenders as a cut back, so that amount 
goes as the repayment to the lender. 
So you mean you probably have to pay Rs. 50 odd crore every year till you repay those loans, 
right? 
Page 16 of 18 

sPML 
Manoj Digga: 
Tej Patel: 
Manoj Digga: 
Tej Patel: 
Manoj Digga: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
Not now. 
It was earlier. Now there is only sole banker, 
it is NARCL. NARCL has signed, 
executed the MRA where they have clearly said that you have to pay Rs. 700 crore and Rs. 
967 crore nothing else. And they have clearly told that it is linked with the arbitration. So 
| 
don't have to pay any interest. 
| don't have to pay any amount from the cash flow barring Rs. 
1 crore or Rs. 2 crore every year that s hardly matter. 
And sir, correct meif | am wrong you said from next year on the P&L we would see 0 interests 
on the existing loans on bank borrowing as well as the related party, right? 
No, there will be some not the interest, but there is a bank charges etc., for the LC charges 
which we have to pay and then second there will be some impact because it is as per the Ind 
AS requirement. When you do the NPV calculation of this like this Rs. 700 crore loan 
converted into Rs. 511 crore into the current financial year this will keep on adding up to the 
Rs. 700 crore in next 8 years. So there will be some amount of Ind AS adjustment which we 
have to take the charge into accounts every year as per the Ind AS calculations. 
Now, sir 
| get it. You said you have the ability to take in more orders probably you said Rs. 
2,000 odd crore orders you probably would have an inflow in next 2 years, but sir, given that 
you already have an existing Rs. 1,300 odd crore of order book and probably you say let us 
say you plan to take more orders, but then do we have enough like, how would we able to 
manage executing those projects then we would also have to take more loans, more short 
term loans. How would you be able to manage those cash flows bearing you have to pay 
NARCL approximately Rs. 8 crore to Rs. 9 crore every year, so 
| wanted more idea on how 
would you manage your cash flows vis-3-vis the project execution which you will undertake? 
There are 2 things, one we don't have to pay even Rs. 9 crore, we don't have to pay anything 
into from the cash flow, maybe Rs. 1 crore every year we have to pay from the cash flow to 
the NARCL. Number two, this is where we have the visibility of the liquidity of roughly around 
Rs. 150 crore to Rs. 170 crore by Vivad se Vishwas money, by infusion at the time of 
resolution with NARCL which we have brought as per the restructuring plan, the promoter 
additional infusion of Rs. 50 crore of warrant and the sale of some assets. So we will have the 
visibility of Rs. 150 crore to Rs.170 crore that visibility on the cash we have. Third we will do 
the business only on the Escrow mechanism. When we do the Escrow mechanism we do the 
tie up with the suppliers and the contractor, big contractors that the money will come from 
the customer and will be distributed automatically by the lenders to those suppliers and 
contractors. In that case we don't require the working capital requirement that will bring us 
together. We can take the business even Rs. 4,000 crore, Rs. 5,000 crore, but our internal 
target to take only boutique business where we have the margin of 15% to 20% and funded 
project easily executable reasonable time executable and fully detailed project report is 
completed. We will not go to the horse race of taking every project because we don't have 
that much requirement to have the cash flow or to the payment of the interest to the 
payment of the lenders etc., we don't have that requirement. 
Page 17 of 18 

SFP\(L 
Tej Patel: 
Manoj Digga: 
Tej Patel: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
Manoj Digga: 
Moderator: 
SPML Infia Ltd. — 31I°' May, 2024 
Sir, you said this Rs. 1,300 odd crore would be completed in the next 2 years, but can you put 
like how much in terms of percentage would be completed let us say in FY25 and then the 
rest would be in FY26? 
This we will tell you, but you can take 50:50 that is the only benchmark. 
And apart from this Rs. 1300 crore you are probably targeting an order inflow of Rs. 1,000 
crore to Rs. 1,500 odd crore, right? 
Definitely, we will target to Rs. 2,000 crore. That is our target. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question for 
today's conference call. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Digga for closing 
comments. 
Thank you. Thank you very much all of you. As a Director; commercial and CFO of SPML Infra, 
| want to express my sincere appreciation to you all for participating in today's earning call. 
Your 
active engagement and 
significant questions 
are invaluable 
to 
us driving 
our 
commitment 
to transparency and accountability. As 
| told you, we have implemented modern 
technology to our operation and project management. We are very focused approach to the 
stakeholders including employees, stakeholders and lenders and always embracing industries 
best practice, so that remain fully complied with. We thank you once again. If anybody have 
any specific query, any specific requirement you are always free to talk to me and we will try 
to give our explanation. Adfactors is our IR agency you can get in touch with Adfactors also 
whenever 
you require to get any further clarification. Thank you. 
On behalf of SPML Infra Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
Page 18 of 18 
