 
 
Date: May 24, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated May 17, 2024, regarding audio/video recording of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on May 17, 2024, at 06:00 P.M. (IST) on the performance of the audited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2024. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above investor and analyst call. 
 
The above disclosure is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.delhivery.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F 8765 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
MADHULIKA 
VIPIN 
RAWAT
Digitally signed by 
MADHULIKA VIPIN 
RAWAT 
Date: 2024.05.24 
15:23:10 +05'30'

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
“Delhivery Limited Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
May 17, 2024 
 
Management: MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
      MR. SANDEEP BARASIA, ED & CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
    MR. AMIT AGARWAL, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    MR. VIVEK PABARI, HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
    Moderator:    MR. BAIJU JOSHI, MACQUARIE CAPITAL 
 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
MODERATOR: 
Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Delhivery Limited, hosted by Macquarie. Before we start, Delhivery would like to point 
out that some of the statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and 
a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you 
earlier. Kindly note that this call is meant for investors and analysts only. If there are any 
representatives from the media, they are requested to drop off this call immediately. 
To discuss the results, I'm pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, MD and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Sandeep Barasia, ED and Chief Business Officer, Mr. Amit Agarwal, Chief 
Financial Officer, and Mr. Vivek Pabari, Head of Investor Relations. As a reminder, all 
participants' lines will be on listen only mode and participants can use the raise hand feature 
to ask any questions post the opening remarks.  I thank the management team for providing 
us the opportunity to host this call. I now invite Mr. Sahil Barua to take us through the key 
highlights of the quarter, post which we will open up for Q&A. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Sahil. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you, Baiju, and thank you to the Macquarie team for hosting us. To all of you who 
have joined, thank you for joining on this Friday evening as we go through our results for 
the quarter and the financial year. As always, I'll begin with a short presentation on our 
annual and quarterly results and then we'll open for questions. Before we begin, a short 
announcement from us. Mr. Sandeep Barasia has announced his decision to move on from 
Delhivery to pursue personal interests. On behalf of the employees, the Board of Directors 
and the shareholders of Delhivery, I'd like to place on record our gratitude to Mr. Barasia 
for his service as an Executive Director and Chief Business Officer of Delhivery for 9 
years. 
So, moving on, the broad highlight for the financial year is that we've announced EBITDA 
profitability for fiscal '24 at an aggregate level as compared to last year when we were 
integrating SpotOn, which was the year in which we had EBITDA losses. Moving on, in 
terms of key highlights, for fiscal '24. We've seen significant improvement in profitability 
through the financial year. Full year EBITDA profitability has been achieved. Fiscal '24 
EBITDA increased by Rs. 578 crores versus fiscal '23, from a loss of Rs. 452 crores in the 
previous financial year to a profit of Rs. 127 crores this year. PAT losses have also reduced 
significantly. We were PAT profitable, as you would remember, in Q3FY24 and compared 
to fiscal '23, PAT losses have reduced by 75% from PAT loss of Rs. 1,000 crores to PAT 
loss of nearly Rs. 250 crores. This is the first time we will also be talking about service 
level margins.  
Our Express Parcel business continues to show robust growth in key growth segments 
which are in the direct-to-consumer space, the SME space and heavy capability. We have 
achieved an overall service EBITDA of 18% for FY24, which is in line with our long-term 
projections for the margins of this business.  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
Our Part Truckload business, post the integration of SpotOn in fiscal '23 has registered 
significant growth in fiscal '24. We've delivered over 30% year-on-year growth with 
significant improvement in profitability and market share, despite Q4 generally being a 
somewhat muted quarter for the PTL industry at large.  
Our supply chain services business has remained broadly flat in revenue terms year-on-
year but has doubled service EBITDA profitability over fiscal '23. A number of our new 
customers who were expected to start in Q3 and scale through Q4 and beyond have done 
so. And we've had a strong end to the financial year and a strong Q4, which we hope will 
continue through the next financial year. 
Our Truckload business has grown 40% year-on-year with improvement in service 
EBITDA profitability. And in terms of net cash position, we've seen a sharp reduction in 
net working capital days from 38 to 31 days. 
In terms of quick statistics, we continue to be India's largest integrated logistics platform. 
We've delivered Rs. 8,142 crores of revenue in fiscal '24, which is a growth of 12.7% 
compared to fiscal '23 with an EBITDA profit of Rs. 127 crores and an adjusted EBITDA 
profit of Rs. 76 crores as opposed to an EBITDA loss of Rs. 452 crores and an adjusted 
EBITDA loss of Rs. 404 crores. This is our first year as a company where we are fully 
profitable at the EBITDA level. 
We delivered 740 million Express Parcels in our Express Parcel business in fiscal '24, 
which is a growth of nearly 12% year-on-year and 1.4 million metric tons of Part Truckload 
freight, which is a growth of nearly 30% year-on-year. 
In terms of numbers for Q4, we've delivered Rs. 2,076 crores of revenue from services, 
which is a growth of 11.6% year-on-year and a sequential decline from the peak quarter, 
Q3, of 5.4%. In terms of EBITDA margin, we've delivered Rs. 46 crores of EBITDA in 
Q4 and Rs. 21 crores of adjusted EBITDA which is a growth over the previous financial 
year and a decline sequentially. 
We delivered 176 million parcels in the Express Parcel business in Q4 fiscal '24 and 
384,000 metric tons of freight in the PTL business, which respectively represents a 12.8% 
decline in the Express Parcel business compared to the peak quarter and an 8.6% growth 
quarter-on-quarter in the PTL business. 
In terms of key operating metrics, our network remains largely stable as we've indicated 
before. Pincode reach continues to be high at 18,793 pin codes as of Q4. We continue to 
service over 220 countries through our partnership with FedEx. We have expanded the 
overall number of active customers who access multiple services of Delhivery with 33,278 
customers as of the end of Q4. 
In terms of infrastructure, consolidation of key gateways continues. Total infrastructure 
under management has reduced to 18.8 million square feet with 111 gateways, 29 
automated sort centers, 129 freight service centers, and we continue to operate about 4,400 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
last-mile delivery centers. In terms of overall performance for FY24, as I mentioned earlier, 
the graph on the left, revenue from services has increased by 13% compared to fiscal '23 
from Rs. 7,224 crores to Rs. 8,142 crores. The composition of the business remains broadly 
similar. Express Parcel continues to be the largest part of our business overall at 62% of 
revenue. The PTL business has grown significantly between fiscal’ 23 and fiscal ‘24 from 
16% of revenue to 19% of revenue and our other businesses continue to form about 20% 
of total revenues. 
Express Parcel revenues, which is the graph on the right, have grown by 12% year-on-year 
from Rs. 4,552 crores in fiscal '23 to Rs. 5,077 crores in fiscal '24, with a growth of 11% 
in shipment volumes from 663 million shipments in fiscal '23 to 740 million shipments in 
fiscal '24. 
PTL freight revenues have significantly grown year-on-year by 31% from Rs. 1,157 crores 
in fiscal '23 to Rs. 1,517 crores in fiscal '24 backed by similar growth in freight tonnage 
from 1.1 million metric tons of freight in fiscal '23 to 1.4 million metric tons of freight in 
fiscal '24. 
The Truckload business continues to show rapid growth. We've grown from Rs. 436 crores 
of Truckload freight revenues to Rs. 609 crores in fiscal '24. And the Supply Chain Services 
business that I mentioned remains broadly flat between fiscal ’23 and fiscal ’24 at about 
Rs. 780 crores of revenue. The Cross Border services revenue has declined as we continue 
to focus on ocean freight as opposed to air freight and have launched a new product less 
than container freight. 
In terms of Q4 performance, Express Parcel revenues have declined sequentially 16% from 
Q3 to Q4 from Rs. 1,448 crores to Rs. 1,217 crores. This has been driven by a decline in 
volumes as compared to the peak quarter, which is Q3 from 200 million consignments in 
Q3 to 176 million consignments in Q4. 
PTL freight revenues have grown 10% in the same period from Rs. 379 crores in Q3 to Rs. 
417 crores of revenue in Q4 driven by growth in PTL freight volumes from 354 million 
metric tons last year to 384,000 metric tons of freight. 
Truckload revenues have grown sequentially from Q3 to Q4 by 14% from Rs. 153 crores 
of revenue to Rs. 174 crores of revenue. Supply Chain services have seen an extremely 
strong Q4 as a number of new contracts, which went live in Q3 have begun to scale up and 
driven by a strong peak season for some of our core customers. Quarter-on-quarter revenue 
growth has been 36% from Rs. 173 crores of revenue in Q3 fiscal '24 to Rs. 234 crores of 
revenue in Q4. We've seen a sequential decline in the Cross Border services revenue, 
largely also driven by Chinese New Year in February. Revenues have declined from Rs. 
39 crores in Q3 fiscal '24 to Rs. 31 crores of revenue in Q4. 
In terms of adjusted EBITDA, overall adjusted EBITDA in the second half of the year has 
been positive at Rs. 113 crores and overall, for the year as well. As you can see in the graph 
on the extreme right, there's been an overall turnaround in adjusted EBITDA from an 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
adjusted EBITDA loss of Rs. 404 crores in fiscal '23, which was a negative 5.6% to Rs. 76 
crores in this financial year, which represents 1% of revenues. 
This is a breakup of the adjusted EBITDA over the last 2 years. As you can see, Q4 revenue 
from customers stands at Rs. 2,076 crores versus Rs. 2,194 crores of revenue in Q3, which 
was the peak quarter. Service EBITDA has come in at Rs. 238 crores or at 11.5% of 
revenue, which is a sequential decline versus Q3, but 50 basis points higher in the same 
quarter last year. Corporate overheads have remained broadly constant over the last 2 years 
at Rs. 217 crores, and corporate overheads as a percentage of revenue have declined from 
nearly 12% at the start of fiscal '23 to 10.5% at the end of Q4. And in terms of overall 
adjusted EBITDA, we stand at Rs. 21 crores of adjusted EBITDA for Q4, which represents 
1% of revenue. 
This is the first time we're presenting this slide, which is in terms of our overall service 
line-wise profitability. This breaks up the overall service EBITDA for the company into 4 
key service lines, which is Express Parcel or the core business, Part Truckload, Supply 
Chain services and our other businesses, which are smaller businesses that include 
Truckload and Cross Border. Express Parcel service EBITDA, as you can see, has 
remained robust throughout from Q1 to Q4 of fiscal '24, between 18.1% in Q1 to 17.6% in 
Q4. So despite a decline in volumes, we continue to see a robust service EBITDA for the 
core business. 
Total service EBITDA from the Express Parcel business has grown from Rs. 636 crores in 
fiscal '23 to Rs. 934 crores in fiscal '24, which represents 18.4% of revenue and is in line 
with our long-term targets for this business. The Part Truckload business has shown 
sequential improvement quarter-on-quarter for the last 8 quarters. As you would remember, 
we began our integration with SpotOn at the start of fiscal '23, at which point the Part 
Truckload business stood at a negative 42.8% service EBITDA margin. Q4 fiscal '24 
represents the first quarter of service EBITDA profitability for the Part Truckload business. 
So as volumes have grown, incremental margins in this business have remained in the range 
of 40% to 50%, and we generated Rs. 9 crores of service EBITDA in this business in Q4. 
We expect long-term margins in the Part Truckload service to mirror the Express Parcel 
business over time. 
The Supply Chain Services business has doubled service EBITDA between fiscal '23 and 
fiscal '24, driven both by commercial renegotiations and operational optimization of 
several of our facilities. We've grown from Rs. 25 crores of service EBITDA in fiscal '23 
at a 3.2% service EBITDA margin to Rs. 53 crores of service EBITDA in fiscal '24, which 
is close to 7% of revenues. 
In terms of corporate overheads, corporate overheads have remained broadly range bound 
in the last 2 financial years. Detailed breakup follows. In terms of overall wages, wage 
costs have remained constant between fiscal '23 and fiscal '24, tailing off a little by Q4 and 
have grown essentially from Rs. 450 crores in fiscal '23 to Rs. 462 crores in fiscal '24. 
We've invested a little more in marketing to drive awareness and recall of the Delhivery 
brand this year, with marketing expenses going from Rs. 22 crores in fiscal '23 to Rs. 35 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
crores in fiscal '24. Technology costs have remained constant between fiscal '23 and '24 at 
around Rs. 170 crores and G&A expenses have remained more or less constant between 
fiscal '23 and fiscal '24, growing by Rs. 7 crores from Rs. 185 crores to Rs. 192 crores. 
Essentially, this robust growth of margins in the Express Parcel business and a significant 
improvement in the Part Truckload business is what has driven improvement of about Rs. 
500 crores in the overall adjusted EBITDA for the company. 
Working capital position continues to improve year-on-year as well. As you can see, we 
are now closing fiscal '24 with a net working capital position of 31 days. Receivable days 
have declined consistently over the last 5 financial years and especially between '23 and 
'24 from 77 days to 66 days, and we expect to see further improvements to this financial 
year. Payable days have also declined from 39 to 35 with net working capital changing 
from 38 days to 31. 
So, it's a quick summary overall of quarterly and full year financial performance. As I 
mentioned, Q4 fiscal '24, Rs. 276 crores of revenue, Rs. 1,519 crores of freight handling 
and servicing costs. Employee benefit expenses have remained largely constant. There's 
been a reduction from Rs. 54 crores to Rs. 49 crores in share-based payments. Other 
operating expenses, finance costs have remained largely constant. Total expenses have 
declined from Rs. 2,290 crores to Rs. 2,257 crores leading finally to a loss after tax of Rs. 
69 crores and an EBITDA of positive Rs. 46 crores or 2.2% of revenue. For fiscal '24, 
we've closed at Rs. 8,142 crores of revenue and a net EBITDA of Rs. 127 crores or 1.6%. 
So overall, in summary, I think despite headwinds in Q4 facing the e-commerce industry 
as a whole and a generally slow environment for Part Truckload freight, I think post the 
peak quarter, we're satisfied with where the business stands. Service EBITDA profitability 
of the core business, the Express Parcel business remains at its long-term range. Part 
Truckload business continues to show significant improvement in profitability as volumes 
grow. The Supply Chain Services business has doubled profitability between fiscal '23 and 
'24. And our plan is to continue on this path for fiscal '25. So, with that, I'll pause, we are 
happy to take questions. 
MODERATOR:  
Thank you Sahil. We will now start with the Q&A. As a reminder please use the raise hand 
feature to ask any questions. We'll take the first question from Gaurav Rateria. 
GAURAV RATERIA:  
So my first question is with respect to the Express Parcel business on industry growth. 
When we started the year, the expectation at that time was that the industry could grow 
15% to 20%. We have ended the year with a volume growth of 11%-12%. So, I just want 
to understand that has the industry growth disappointed and hence, the overall growth 
turned out lower or is it also the issue of not every customer growing at the same pace? 
And hence, that is what is reflected based on our portfolio of customers. And how should 
one think about growth going forward from at least the next 12 to 18-month point of view? 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. I think it's a combination of multiple factors Gaurav. Some of these numbers are yet 
to come, and we'll see. There has been softness overall in online consumption in Q4 for 
sure. I think Q3 was a big peak and if you'll remember from my previous earnings call, I 
had pointed out that we do expect there to be certain volatility in volumes overall. So, I do 
think there's been softness in Q4 overall in online consumption. Going forward, we don't 
anticipate any reason to believe that the 15% to 20% sort of numbers that we put out in the 
past are at risk. When we speak to participants in the industry, I think the expectation is 
that this sort of growth rate will persist. There have been certain factors sort of in these last 
4 or 5 months also, which have affected online consumption. In our case, this is the period 
when we negotiate terms with a number of our key customers. And at this point, that's 
always a case when customers and us are sort of realigning priorities and realigning 
volumes. And I think some of that is reflected especially in the middle of that quarter. But 
I think we've concluded those satisfactorily. And towards the end of the quarter, I think we 
were sort of back to more or less business as usual. So, I don't think it's a persistent softness 
per se. There has been some softness overall. But I don't anticipate that this damages long-
term growth for e-commerce or our prospects in any way. 
 GAURAV RATERIA:  
Got it, Sahil. Second question is on margins. You said that we have already reached closer 
to what we have been calling out as a steady-state margin in Express Parcel. So where do 
we go from here? As a strategy, we want to keep our margins in line with what we have 
already achieved and incremental savings, which may still be there as the network has 
continued to surprise us positively in operating leverage and redeploy that back in the 
business in the form of further investment. So just your philosophy on how to think about 
margins. 
And last question, just a data point on what was the Capex number for this year? And how 
should one think about Capex going forward from FY '25 perspective? Thank you! 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. In terms of margins, Gaurav, I think if you look at it, the first step after the SpotOn 
integration for us was really to return the Express Parcel business to what its normative 
margins are. I've referred to this at several points in previous analyst calls that we expect 
the Express Parcel business to be in that 18% to 20% margin range. And that's also driven, 
of course, by philosophically, our view that as we start generating higher cost efficiencies, 
we will pass some of those back to customers. 
I think going forward, we'll see how that continues. We haven't seen any significant sort of 
pricing movements being necessary in the market so far, and we don't anticipate that there 
will be significant pricing movements at this point going forward. That said, I think I've 
mentioned this before, we are an input cost to our customers, and ultimately, online 
consumption in India can only grow if the cost of logistics is sort of managed carefully. I 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
think Kalyan has spoken about this in the past as well, saying logistics is one of the key 
impediments to the growth of e-commerce in India. As the largest player in this space, I 
think we have a responsibility, as we generate more and more efficiencies, to pass some of 
those benefits back to customers. And it's not just to our largest customers but equivalently, 
as we mentioned in the past, it is to also pass this to smaller direct-to-consumer brands, 
SMEs, various kinds of sellers in online commerce. So, I think let me put it this way. We're 
glad that we are at the 18% mark for the financial year. As you can see, the network has the 
ability to deliver higher margins, we have delivered 20.6% service EBITDA in Q3 as well. 
Now whether we will pass or how we will pass some of the cost efficiencies that we'll 
inevitably discover in fiscal '25, and that's going to be a customer-by-customer discussion 
overall. 
And if necessary, I mean, let me anticipate questions that will come further down. Should 
we feel the necessity to defend market share at any point in time? As you can see, we have 
the margins to do so. And that's a call that we will take with every customer and in every 
segment individually. 
In terms of Capex. Overall Capex intensity, as I mentioned, is expected to reduce with time. 
Our overall Capex for fiscal '24 stands, I think, at about Rs. 600 crores, which is close to 
7.4% of revenue. We expect this to decline in fiscal '25 to somewhere between 6.6% and 
6.9% of revenue overall. The only sort of major capital investment that we have planned for 
fiscal '25, as I mentioned before, is starting off our mega facility in Bangalore. 
GAURAV RATERIA:  
Thank you. 
MODERATOR:  
We'll take the next question from Vijit Jain. 
VIJIT JAIN:  
Sahil, my first question is just in the Express Parcel business, the yields in 4Q are up 6% 
Y-o-Y and they're also up versus the 1H levels, maybe about 2%-3%. Is that a function of 
what the customer mix was like in March '24 in this current quarter? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Vijit, we had discussed this before. Yield is a complex piece. It obviously has to do with 
mix shifts. Outside of that, obviously, the very pricing structure that we have with a variety 
of customers based on the volume that they give us, the yields are different. So that also 
had an impact overall. And we've also, over time, been growing our share in the market of 
heavier parcels where yields are naturally somewhat larger. And in some accounts, we've 
also had upward pricing revision in some key accounts where we believe it was necessary. 
And so that's one of the reasons why yield has gone up. Overall, small parcel average 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
weight has also increased from about 700 grams to 780 grams and heavy parcel average 
weights have increased from about 19.9 Kgs to about 21.4 Kgs. And so that's also driven a 
yield increase Y-o-Y. Let me put it this way, at an individual customer level, we don't 
anticipate violent yield changes through this financial year. What the specific yield in any 
given quarter will be will sort of depend on customer mix, distance, weights and so on. 
VIJIT JAIN:  
Sure, Sahil. Second question, in the quick commerce segment, I would just like to get your 
sense on how you can participate in that opportunity in the quick commerce opportunity 
that it is and I mean, I'm assuming that if at all, that would be in the non-Express Parcel 
verticals, right? And is there any sense of what the size of the opportunity is where you 
guys are concerned? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. I think quick commerce is interesting. We already do service the quick commerce 
industry. In fact, one of the largest players in the space is a customer in our Supply Chain 
Services business. Our role will really, as I see it, remain sort of similar to what we do right 
now, which is running sort of the deep reserve kind of warehouses, which are supplying 
the dark stores. We have also, in the past evaluated whether or not we would run dark store 
infrastructure and delivery infrastructure for players. But I do want to point out that I think 
while there's a lot of excitement about quick-commerce and justifiably so perhaps from a 
consumer value proposition standpoint, I think there's still a lot to be evaluated in terms of 
the overall model. I mentioned this in the past, will we be doing 15-minute or 10-minute 
delivery of groceries, it might be famous last words but I don't think so. But there are other 
categories where I think our services will be more relevant. And I also think there's a sub-
segment of quick commerce, which is yet to be evaluated. There's a long distance between 
15-minute delivery and same-day or next-day delivery. I think there will be a segment 
which will emerge for certain kinds of products, which will be sort of 2-hour to 4-hour kind 
of deliveries. We already perform this in all of the cities that we are present in. 
I also anticipate that certain categories within e-commerce which are more amenable to 
being in quick commerce, such as maybe structured categories like mobile phones as an 
example or certain kinds of appliances, I think the existing players, the large players in e-
commerce will eventually gear up. Flipkart and Amazon, both made public announcements 
to this effect that they will be expanding their operations for these categories, I think we'll 
have a role to play there in the overall supply chain. 
Vijit Jain:  
Great. Sahil, my last question. In the Supply Chain Services business, I think in your 
opening remarks, you mentioned that the new customers that got onboarded over 3Q, 4Q 
reflects the 4Q strength here. Two questions related to that. So, should we, going forward, 
expect some of the seasonality that has been typical in this to reduce and is 4Q the right 
revenue numbers to look at from a going-forward perspective here? 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
And lastly, related to it, thanks for breaking up the service level-wise service EBITDA 
margin from this quarter. My quick question is, do you expect all 3 verticals to remain 
somewhere above zero going forward? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
It is significantly above zero not somewhere. I mean the Express business is at 18%. 
VIJIT JAIN:  
Yes. I mean Supply Chain Services really, yes. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, absolutely. The Supply Chain Services business, I think profitability will improve 
going forward. In terms of seasonality, look, we have a couple of clients who obviously 
have highly seasonal businesses. And as I mentioned, that's partly why we've seen 
significant growth in Q4. I think we will see a pretty solid base in Q1 as well. That's said, 
we're diversifying the total set of customers that we work with. But to be perfectly honest, 
I think this is a business where when we go and sign a new customer, that customer spend 
could be anywhere from the smaller end Rs. 50 crores a year toward the upper end about 
Rs. 200 crores to Rs. 300 crores a year. So, as I mentioned before, this business starts taking 
a more or rather less choppy form once it gets passed sort of Rs. 2,000 - Rs. 2,500 crores 
in revenue size. That said, we will expect growth this year in the SCS business. We will 
expect improvement in profitability. Yes, it will remain materially above zero. And our 
aim, obviously, is to grow the 6.3% service EBITDA significantly through this year. 
And on PTL, just very clearly, I mean, we've given out 8 quarters of data. You can now 
see how the incremental margins in the PTL business play. Our ambition, obviously, is to 
keep growing volumes as we've done in this quarter. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Sachin Salgaonkar. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I have 3 questions. Let me ask them one by one. Sahil, can 
you help us quantify the impact? I presume it's basically Meesho, who is using Valmo for 
its in-source deliveries, and that's the reason why the impact is out there. And I think in 
one of the questions you did answer that this impact happened somewhere in the middle of 
the quarter. So, should we assume a full impact on shipments next quarter? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I think in terms of Meesho's growth of Valmo, I think over the last year they've grown it 
significantly. But at least from what we understand, it seems to have reached a stable-ish 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
state within their own sort of universe. I think they were also realigning their expectations 
with multiple logistics partners. And I think we've come now to an agreement. So far, I 
think we continue to have an excellent working relationship with Meesho. We are very 
satisfied with where we finally sort of agreed on plans for this financial year. And so far,  
with the start of this financial year at least, we are satisfied with where we are. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Okay. Second related question, I presume the way this entire contract with Meesho worked 
is given the fact that now Meesho is giving lower volumes, they do have to pay a bit of a 
penalty which, in a way, perhaps gets reflected into your EBITDA. Going ahead, I just 
want to understand as these contracts get renegotiated, should we have some impact on 
your EBITDA margin in the near term given the fact that the scale will now be different 
with the in-sourcing coming from Meesho? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sachin, I think you've seen that volumes have gone from 200 million consignments to 176 
million consignments and EBITDA margins have remained at 17.6%. I think one of the 
reasons why we've also decided to release segmental margins is to point out that the 
margins in the business are not particularly volatile to these swings in Parcel volumes. Of 
course, if we were doing 100 million consignments, life would be very different, but we're 
not. And we don't anticipate that, that will be the case. 
Also, I think it's worth bearing in mind that starting a logistics company is harder than sort 
of growing it beyond a point. And I think there are severe questions that various self-
logistics players, especially ones who are working on a relatively loose model, will have 
to face as they continue to grow, which is how do you build the physical infrastructure 
that's necessary. And then is it really as cost-efficient as you think it is. So, neither do I 
anticipate significant volatility coming any further from here from various players deciding 
to experiment with various logistics models in terms of volume nor do I anticipate it having 
a material impact on our EBITDA. 
The other reason, of course, which I should point out, and this is core, we've been talking 
about it for a while, this is precisely why we run an integrated network. The ability to run 
a Part Truckload network, the integrated network allows us to have lower costs even in the 
Express Parcel business, which is partly what allows us to deliver the margins that we do. 
I mean, if we were a parcel only player right now dependent on a single company who 
forms a large percentage of our volumes and is launching self-logistics and putting price 
pressure, sure, I mean, life would be pretty hard. But fortunately, for us, that's not the case. 
SACHIN SALGAONKAR:  
Got it. And my last question, clearly, you are #1 player in the 3PL space and your volumes 
got impacted. So, I presume some of your smaller competitors will have a much more 
pronounced impact with what Meesho has done. So, on the back of it, should we see some 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
material change in market shares in the industry in favor of you or perhaps in a scenario of 
further consolidation in the industry? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I am the wrong person to ask to comment on this because I mentioned this in the past, we 
are fairly certain that if you take the third-party players put together and our Express 
business, we are materially over 100% of the profit pool of this industry. Now the reality 
is in most normal markets, one would assume that this would be a significantly 
consolidating force but as I mentioned before, I think this depends on how much money 
private investors have and are willing to continue to put into companies which are monoline 
players dependent on single or 2 customers. So, I can't comment on that. I think 
consolidation would be good. I'm not sure what form it would take because in this particular 
situation, I firmly doubt how we would be the consolidator. So I'm not entirely sure where 
anyone goes from here, but I can speak for Delhivery, which is that we are happy with the 
volumes and the margins that we have. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Krupashankar. 
KRUPASHANKAR:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on the PTL business breaking even at service 
EBITDA level. So, questions on PTL predominantly. How are you finding the competitive 
intensity in this space? And given that you had deployed a significant portion of your 
capital towards expanding infrastructure and deploying workforce to boost volume, so are 
you seeing that we are growing well ahead of the industry, primarily on the back of these 
efforts? Or is it more of a pricing-led shift, which is visible and are you seeing any change 
with respect to your end customer mix with a higher MSME in the second half of FY '24? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes. I think, look, we've seen growth across all of our segments within PTL, more or less 
throughout the financial year. We have, of course, seen significant growth in our SME 
segment, but to be clear, we've also seen growth in our major accounts segment. We've 
also seen growth in the aggregator segment that works with us. So we are seeing growth at 
least across all of these. 
In terms of competitive intensity, I think competitive intensity remains what it is and what 
it has always been. I think the other listed players have declared the results, I'm sure you've 
seen them. I think in general, our approach has been very simple, and I've spoken about 
this before. Globally, in every single market Part Truckload has been large and 
consolidated. In India, this is not the case. I believe that over a period of time as the 
economy and logistics formalizes, India will be no different. And in that environment, I 
think it would be financially irresponsible for us to not build capacity to service this market. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
I don't believe that's in the best interest of our shareholders. And as long as we're able to 
do it while improving margins, which we have in the last 8 quarters sequentially, I think 
these investments are clearly paying off. 
Now why we are being chosen is not because we have a lower price. If you look at our 
yield, our yield is broadly in line with all other players in the market. We don't intend to 
charge a premium. That's not the core of Delhivery's philosophy in any case. It is to drive 
further efficiencies and then derive margins out of that and hopefully pass some of those 
benefits to customers. But I do want to be clear, it's also driven by the fact that we are a 
faster network. We are a more direct network as a mesh and our service reliability clearly 
stands up to scrutiny. So our growth is driven by a combination of high service quality, 
high reliability, high reach, a lower cost structure and our margins continue to improve. 
And I think that will remain the story. 
KRUPASHANKAR:  
Right. And with respect to profitability, I've noticed that the incremental gross margin on 
transportation was not given out this time around. But are they still higher than 50%? Or 
are you seeing that tapering off as well? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Well, we didn't give out the incremental margins this time because we have given you the 
actual margin, so you can actually simply calculate the delta and revenue and the delta and 
service EBITDA and do it yourself. 
KRUPASHANKAR:  
So, it was more on gross margins. That's why I was just wondering if that is on an upward 
trend. You have given us the service EBITDA. That's true. But it will also have other costs 
involved in that. That's why I'm just confirming that part. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Incremental margins continue to remain in the 40% to 50% range. 
KRUPASHANKAR:  
And second question would be on the Capex side of things. So, I noticed that there has 
been good amount of spends on your on vehicle addition in your entire breakup which you 
have shared. So next year, is it going to be more focused on the infrastructure addition and 
other aspects and less on vehicles or broadly the mix remain the same? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
In fact, I think infrastructure will come down, as we've mentioned, because the last 2 years 
have been atypical with both the SpotOn integration and the need to build high-quality 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
capacity and we had our Bombay mega facility going live. In terms of infrastructure, the 
only major addition that I foresee through the financial year will be the addition of the 
Bangalore mega facility that I've spoken about. Outside of which then we don't have any 
further mega facilities that at this point seem necessary. I think we have sufficient capacity 
across the network and we just allow the network to fill up. 
As I've mentioned in the past, we also continue to engineer ways to generate more capacity 
out of the existing facilities. So that's also partly why you're seeing a fairly rapid 
improvement in margins, especially in PTL. So I don't think infrastructure will necessarily 
be a very large expansion next year. It's not planned for. In terms of vehicles, I think it 
remains somewhat opportunistic. The vehicles are core, as I mentioned in the past, to our 
overall strategy. And we will continue to expand our tractor-trailer fleet through the year. 
That said, I mentioned this before, the incremental growth, I think, will start tapering off 
because ultimately, the fact of the matter is that there's a limit to how many hubs we can 
create also over the next financial year. So I think Vehicle Capex will remain broadly sort 
of in range, infrastructure Capex, I think, will come down. 
MODERATOR::  
We will take the next question from Sachin Dixit. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Congrats on turning profitable on EBITDA basis for the year. My first question was in line 
with the fact that we are seeing some marketing popping up, right? As you highlighted, 
like it has gone up. Obviously, it's a very small number. But this was the first time I saw 
that Delhivery was sponsoring RCB in IPL, and there were also some minor ads that 
popped up here and there. So, is it a strategic move where you are trying to sort of gain 
some B2C business and that's why you are showing up on TV and brand marketing? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
I think the aim of the marketing really is to drive more awareness and recall of the 
Delhivery brand. If you remember, one of the things that I had referred to in the past, in 
the last financial year, was expanding our sales presence and our feet-on-street presence 
across cities outside the major 3 or 4 cities where we were present. Now when we're 
sending a sales force out into smaller towns around the country, obviously, that has to be 
backed by a marketing effort. 
Think of it as sending the air force over the infantry, we do need to do that. And that's the 
role that the marketing campaign is really playing. It's creating awareness and recall for 
Delhivery as a brand. Outside of which we obviously continue to do the marketing that we 
do on our physical assets which is our trucks and our facilities and our riders. And we 
continue to invest a small amount of money, relatively speaking, on performance marketing 
and digital marketing for both the consumer side of the business and on the small business 
side. I don't anticipate any significant sort of breakout spend on marketing. We'll remain 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
sort of more or less range-bound overall. But yes, it is an attempt to increase overall 
awareness and recall of the Delhivery brand. 
SACHIN DIXIT:  
Second question is on Supply Chain Services basically. So, we finally saw that revenue in 
that segment popped up. And I think there is some seasonality where you see Q4 and Q1 
being the stronger ones, so do we expect this trend to continue on a Q-o-Q basis going 
forward? I mean Q1 obviously could be strong because of the seasonality, as I alluded. But 
on a Y-o-Y basis as well, do we see this strength to continue. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, we have a number of active conversations, which are on. The pipeline continues to 
remain strong. It, of course, depends a little bit on when exactly some of these things will 
become operational. Some of the conversations that we're having. For example, we have a 
conversation ongoing with the large auto player for the spare parts division. Now it depends 
on when exactly we go out and start this. We continue to see momentum even on the e-
commerce side, a number of direct-to-consumer brands are now utilizing our fulfillment 
services for an integrated prime-like offering. But that said, as I mentioned before, we 
expect to see growth this year in the Supply Chain Services business, exactly what path it 
will follow through the financial year. I think it's difficult to predict at exactly this moment. 
Our focus for the first 2 quarters at least will remain, and I do want to be clear about this, 
on continuing to improve the profitability of this business. We have a solid base of 
customers. We do Rs. 800 crores of supply chain services business with them. And I want 
to grow that 6.8% service EBITDA that we have in that business to its full potential. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Lavanya. Lavanya please go ahead. 
LAVANYA:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on EBITDA numbers for full year. So just one 
question from my side. So just like how you had mentioned the stable margins per Express 
Parcel of around 18% to 20%. Would you see the stable levels for Part Truckload and 
Supply Chain Services? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Part Truckload, is a similar sort of aggregation, disaggregation business as the Express 
Parcel business and subject to more or less the same forces. PTL is, philosophically, just 
bigger boxes and more moving together. It's not fundamentally different from Express 
Parcel. So, our view is that long-term margins in that business will be similar to the Express 
Parcel business. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
On Supply Chain services, Lavanya, it depends on every account, each account has a fairly 
different profitability profile. And that's because it depends on the mix of transportation, 
as an example, at the moment, we have e-commerce companies who work with us on 
supply chain services where we're doing parcel delivery for them. We have our big 
accounts on the B2B side, where we're doing both for part truck and full truck freight. And 
the overall margin for the account sort of is dependent on what our margin individually in 
warehousing and then in transportation is and what the mix of transportation is. The way 
we look at it, though, is that the IRR that we expect on all of the customers that we sign in 
the Supply Chain Services business will be north of 20%. 
LAVANYA:   
Okay. Got it. And also on the infrastructure part, you mentioned that we won't need a lot 
of infra side investments going ahead. So, the current investments of the current 
infrastructure, what's the view that until how much will that be able to serve the current 
capacity? How many circles, I mean, asset turns or utilization; however, you look at it. So, 
what's the view in terms of the next investment, when would it be required? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, it's a difficult question. I've referred to this in multiple earnings calls in the past. I 
don't think we anticipate any very significant increase in facility infrastructure other than, 
as I mentioned, the Bangalore mega facility, which also, by the way, I should have clarified 
earlier, will be a consolidation of the facilities that we have in Bangalore. Overall, I think 
we don't anticipate for at least the near term and even perhaps the early midterm any 
significant change or any sort of massive expansion in infrastructure. So we do have 
sufficient capacity. Now the reason why I'm not putting a numerical thing saying that we 
have 63% capacity utilization of the network or whatever is because we do continue to 
engineer processes and increase the capacity of the existing facilities we have. 
As I mentioned at our mega gateway at Tauru, our belief is that over the last few years, as 
we've improved processes, we've expanded the available capacity in that facility in the last 
3 years by anywhere from about 10% to 15%. So it's difficult to say exactly what our 
capacity utilization is. Suffice to say, we have sufficient capacity available to grow through 
fiscal '25. We will need to build our Bangalore mega facility. And there may be some 
smaller hubs that are planned here and there, but there's nothing major outside of this. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Anshul Agrawal. 
ANSHUL AGRAWAL:  
Sahil, would you be able to break up contributions from horizontal players or D2C players 
in our Express Parcel volumes? 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
SAHIL BARUA:   
No. 
ANSHUL AGRAWAL:  
Some range, at least? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
No. 
ANSHUL AGRAWAL:  
Okay. And while I understand we don't differentiate between customers, would inherently 
the margin profile of these 2 customer bases be different or slightly different? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
You're asking me the same question. So unfortunately, we do not disclose customer-level 
margins. 
ANSHUL AGRAWAL:  
Thanks a lot, Sahil 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Manish Gupta. Okay. Manish seems to have dropped off. 
We'll take the next question from Sriram. 
SRIRAM:   
Yes. First of all, thanks for providing service level wise profitability that really helps. So, 
I have 2 questions. Now with Rs. 1,500 crores in PTL, are we the #2 player in the PTL 
business behind Safexpress? 
My second question is on the margins of PTL, like with Rs. 1,500 crores, we are still in 
low single digits. And whereas the listed player is reporting double-digit margins with Rs. 
1,200 crores. So I just want to understand what is the difference? And if there is any form 
of discounting being offered in that segment versus your competition? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Sure. That's a good question. The simple answer on the second one, Sriram, is that our 
capacity utilization differs from the listed players. I mentioned this before, I think what you 
can also see and what is important to compare is the relative growth rates that we've all 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
seen. To the best of my knowledge, at least the results that have come out, the listed players 
in Q4 have been flat at best or actually have declined in size from Q3 to Q4, whereas we've 
grown volumes by 10%. 
I've discussed this in the past, I think India deserves a large PTL player. I think there will 
be multiple large PTL players over time. And if we are to bring down the overall logistics 
cost in the economy, companies like Delhivery are going to have to invest aggressively in 
building capacity. So our base network size is larger than others, which is why at the 
moment, our margins are below the margins that others are reporting. As the network 
continues to fill up, margins in the PTL business will continue to go up. If you look at our 
numbers for the last 8 quarters, you can see a fairly consistent trend. As volumes have 
increased our margins have improved. Incremental margins have remained in that 40% to 
50% range. And as capacity continues to get utilized, our margins will continue to go up. 
The important thing is as we continue to grow, we anticipate that the long-range 
profitability of our PTL business will at worst be equivalent to other players in this market 
and at best will be significantly better. So we will continue to grow. That's our priority. 
We've done 1.4 million metric tons of freight in this financial year, which is 30% over the 
previous year. We'd like to keep that kind of growth rate going forward from here. And we 
expect margins will continue to improve. 
But fundamentally, when you're comparing us to listed players who don't wish to expand 
capacity, I think you're comparing apples to oranges. In terms of size, are we the #2 player, 
I think so. Safexpress is certainly larger than us. And we are probably the second-largest 
player after them. But that said, in this market being #1 and #2 is meaningless. None of us 
is competing at the moment. Let's put it this way, with a large portion of the market being 
unorganized, all these #1, #2, #3 comparisons don't matter. We are all in this to grow versus 
the unorganized market and to keep gaining scale. 
 SHRIRAM:  
Yes. And my last one on the discounting part. Can you just elaborate? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes. Sorry, I thought I already addressed this earlier. No, we do not discount. We don't 
need to. So there's no discounting that we have done and our pricing is comparable to the 
market. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Abhishek Maheshwari. Abhishek please go ahead and 
ask your question. 
ABHISHEK:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
So firstly, what we gauge from your financial statements, the operating leverage has really 
started to kick in, now you are EBITDA positive and if sales continue to grow as they are, 
you will probably turn PAT positive next year. So just wanted to gauge your confidence 
level if the demand is growing linearly from the empirical data that you have or the talks 
you're having with your clients, are you feeling confident that this 14% to 15% kind of 
growth will continue sustainably for the next few years? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
On the spot, Abhishek, because while I certainly feel confident history has sort of been 
unkind when I've been confident in general. But look, I certainly think there's nothing that 
damages e-commerce growth over the mid- to long term. As you've seen, while share shifts 
may happen occasionally in a single quarter, over the long arc of time Delhivery’s position 
is very secure. So, I think we will either grow with the market at worst or we grow market 
share. So, I'm not too concerned on that front. 
On PTL, as you can see, we've had a quarter where while the industry has struggled, our 
value proposition to our customers has been sorted. I think there's no reason to believe we 
will not continue to grow. And whether it will be exactly linear or sort of more hockey 
stick over the next year or 2, we'll see. It also depends on our ability to put more sales teams 
on the ground, grow our sales and customer service capabilities, which we continue to do. 
So yes, I think the operating leverage plays out. I think volumes will continue to grow. I 
think we will continue to grow. What the exact trajectory will be quarter-on-quarter, I think 
is difficult for me to say. We're very happy where we are at the end of fiscal '24 despite a 
somewhat softish end, but I think I'm fairly confident that I'll be even happier in fiscal '25. 
ABHISHEK:  
I would like to emphasize on this because you see PAT is very, very sensitive right now. 
So, let's say, if you continue to grow your volumes by maybe say 12%-13%, at the same 
time, competitive intensity is also really shooting up, so do you think realizations are 
something that you can control, you have some pricing power or we are just following the 
market. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
That's a good question, and I'm glad you brought it up, I will bring this up. On the Express 
Parcel business, I mentioned this before, for the best of our knowledge across the Express 
Parcel business, if you don't count the captives, which are generally cost inefficient, fairly 
certain, we are more than 100% of the profit pool of the industry. Now if our competitors 
decide to commit harakiri, which is to lose even more money than they already do, I can't 
legislate for that. But that said, I don't anticipate pricing pressure at all. I mean if somebody 
decides that they want to make no money, then obviously, everybody in the industry is at 
risk, there's no doubt. But the question is how long can you continue to sustain that? My 
view is not very long. So, we don't have pricing pressure in that regard. And I should also 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
point out, if you look at our trajectory of yield, the important thing to see really is that while 
we have brought yield down, we have maintained service EBITDA margins in the range 
that we specified and we will continue to do that. And we have grown the overall service 
EBITDA for the business by 50% from fiscal '23 to fiscal '24. We've grown from about Rs. 
600 crores of service EBITDA in the Express Parcel business in '23 to Rs. 940 crores of 
service EBITDA in fiscal '24. So, what you're calling competitive intensity is competitive 
existence, they exist. But in that regard, I don't particularly feel like we are under any 
intense pressure. 
ABHISHEK:  
Understood. That was helpful. So, second question is regarding your new subsidiary 
Delhivery Robotics. So, from what we went through in the press release, it's about drone 
manufacturing and air freight transport. So, do you want to throw some light on your plans 
in this? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
It's very early. We have drone manufacturing capabilities, and we have the ability to 
support a variety of use cases, which include surveillance and delivery up to a certain 
payload. But that said, it's a capability at this point in time, and fortunately not a very 
expensive one for us to build. But I've mentioned this before, I think the commercial 
applications for drones at least in India, frankly, around the rest of the world as well, but at 
least let's stay focused on India, I don't think there are any particularly great commercial 
applications for drone delivery in India right now. I mean, T-shirts and pizzas are really 
not expensive enough for you to want to deliver by drone in India at this point. So, it's a 
capability. We've established this because we are required to establish this in order to 
continue our research into these areas. And if this becomes large, let's put it this way, we 
will be well positioned. And that's  about it. 
ABHISHEK:  
So, you do not have any significant plans in this subsidiaries so far? I ask this because this 
seems to be a long gestation project where you might have to expense a lot before you start 
seeing revenues. So just wanted to understand if it might impact your PAT generation 
capability, turning to PAT profitability in next 2, 3 years. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
It won't. I can assure you that it won't. I mean engineering students are producing drones 
these days. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Pulkit Patni. 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
PULKIT PATNI:  
As I look through your quarterly service line-wise profitability, which you've shared this 
time. For the first 3 quarters, I clearly see the impact of operating leverage where Express 
Parcel service EBITDA has increased. Any reason by this quarter despite volume being up, 
I think, slightly the service EBITDA has actually fallen for the Express Parcel business. 
And why it's important Sahil is just from an operating leverage perspective, as we look at 
volumes in the future, obviously, this is something that should help the margin line. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes, man. I assume you're referring to the delta between fourth quarter fiscal '23 versus 
fourth quarter fiscal '24 for the Express Parcel business. 
PULKIT PATNI:  
That's right. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Yes. The 18.6% versus 17.6% it's largely the impact among other things of the large 
Bombay sort of going live. So, it's a slightly less capacity utilized sorter than the one that 
we had in the past. 
PULKIT PATNI:  
Okay. And what is the status in the first quarter for the same? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
As volumes have gone up in the first quarter, capacity utilization has increased. But broadly 
speaking, like I mentioned, we expect that the service EBITDA in this business will remain 
sort of in this 18% to 20% kind of range. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Lokesh Maru. 
LOKESH MARU:  
Congratulations on excellent set of numbers in all the services this quarter again. Just on 
the Express Parcel segment, so like you mentioned that there has been some kind of a 
settlement under shape up, which has happened in Q4, right? So, now everything like larger 
volumes being in the base of FY '24, for FY '25, what kind of volume growth are you 
anticipating, in this new equilibrium kind of a situation? 
SAHIL BARUA:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
See, I think industry growth, at least as far as we've been able to gather from our clients as 
well and their appetite, remains in that 15% to 20% range. If anything, actually, to be 
honest, most of our clients do believe that this will be a pretty solid year for them overall. 
We're being conservative and assuming that 15% to 20% growth is kind of what we will 
see and that's what we've also planned our internal operations and capacities for. 
Obviously, if volume growth is higher, I'm very happy to be pleasantly surprised by this. 
So I think in the fourth quarter, we had some negotiations that we had to conclude. Those 
are concluded. And I think looking forward, no reason to particularly believe that the 15% 
to 20% number is sort of at threat. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Harshal Mehta. 
HARSHAL:  
Actually, given this good growth in the B2B segment, what kind of truck utilization we 
saw in Q4? 
SAHIL BARUA: 
Broadly across the trailer network, if I break it in half, I think truck utilization on the trailer 
network would have been in the range of about 65% or thereabouts. Broadly speaking, on 
the secondary line haul, we would have been closer to about 55% to 60% utilized on 
secondary line haul, which is not the tractor trailers, but the smaller trucks. So, I guess if 
your question is, is there further sort of improvement possible on cost or utilization, I think 
we still have some distance to go. 
HARSHAL:  
Like it will be visible next year? I mean utilization improvement. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
It should be. Unless, of course, the pattern of load changes vary dramatically. That is the 
only thing which can, for a short period of time, throw off the overall network capacity 
utilizations a little bit. To give you an example, let's say, we start generating a lot of load 
out of a location which is not a tractor-enabled hub at this point in time, that kind of overall 
network utilization. But as of now, I don't see any such wild swings. 
HARSHAL:  
And what kind of growth in the B2B segment are we projecting into FY '25? 
SAHIL BARUA:  

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
Look, we've grown 30% this year, right? I think the market is large. We have the 
opportunity to grow into this market. We have established a sales team in tier 1, tier 2, tier 
3 locations. We continue to sort of go into new industries that we weren't servicing in the 
past. So to give you an example, we didn't particularly service, for instance, the batteries 
industry or the chemicals industry in the past. These are industries that we're going into. 
We intend to go to FMCG in a larger way. These are all large buyers of PTL. So I think 
the growth outlook is pretty solid. 
HARSHAL:  
And can you bifurcate based on your customers as in SME corporates or retail? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
We don't do that. 
HARSHAL:  
Is it like corporate heavy currently? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Well, I don't know what heavy means. 
HARSHAL:  
And currently, your margin suggest that. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Margin suggest low-capacity utilization, which, as I mentioned, will continue to increase. 
MODERATOR::  
We'll take the next question from Vipin Gupta. 
VIPIN:  
Can you give us some guidance regarding 3 years for the top line and the bottom line? 
SAHIL BARUA:  
No, Vipin. As I mentioned, we expect e-commerce growth to be in that 15% to 20% range 
broadly. On PTL, as I've described, I think the market is large, we have the opportunity to 
grow. We've just grown 30% this year. Competitive intensity is generally not very high, I 
think you can build various cases. And in Supply Chain Services, I mentioned that the 
focus in the very near term, of course, is to continue to improve margins. But going 

Delhivery Ltd 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Call- Hosted by Macquarie 
May 17, 2024 
 
forward, it depends on how the pipeline converts. So, I don't necessarily want to put out a 
3 to 5 year sort of thing. And many things can happen in 3 to 5 years. 
MODERATOR::  
Thank you. We will take that as a last question. Request all the participants to take any 
further questions with the Investor Relations team. Before we end, on behalf of Macquarie, 
I would like to thank Delhivery for the opportunity to host this earnings call. Over to you, 
Sahil, for any closing remarks. 
SAHIL BARUA:  
Thank you, Baiju and the Macquarie team. Thank you for hosting us. Thank you to all of 
you who joined on this Friday evening. In summary, again, I think our main objective for 
fiscal '24, which was to stabilize the business after the integration and achieve EBITDA 
profitability has been achieved. We're happy to also share our service level wise results. 
And I mentioned the Express Parcel business is a good place. We are at our long-range 
margins. We'll see how these margins progress going forward. The PTL business continues 
to grow and improve margins. The Supply Chain Services businesses doubled profitability. 
So, I think we look forward to fiscal '25 with a lot of confidence and enthusiasm. So, we 
look forward to seeing you all in our Q1 call. Thank you. 
 
 
