 
 
                  
 
निवेशक सेवाएँ कक्ष                                                                                                                   
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL 
 
                  
 
 
कॉर्पोरेट कार्ाालर् : 254-260, अव्वै षण्मुगम सालै, रॉर्र्पेट्टा, चेन्नै – 600 014 
Corporate Office: 254-260, Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah, Chennai – 600 014 
फोि Phone: 044-2813 4484/4698, ई-मेल Email: ibinvestorrelations@indianbank.co.in 
हमें फॉलो करें Follow us on 
 
 
          Ref. No.: ISC/56/2024-25 
                                                                               Date:13.05.2024 
 
The Vice President 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra East, Mumbai-400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: INDIANB 
The Vice President 
BSE Ltd. 
25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code- 532814 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Post Earnings Concall / Meet  
 
 
In terms of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in 
continuation of our Letter No. ISC/40/2024-25 dated 01.05.2024 and Letter No. ISC/51/2024-25 
dated 06.05.2024 regarding Analysts / Investors Concall / Meet, we are enclosing a copy of 
Transcript of said post Earnings Concall/ Meet held by the Bank on 06.05.2024 on the Financial 
Results of the Bank for the Fourth Quarter and Financial Year ended on 31st March 2024. 
 
The Concall Transcript is also uploaded on Bank’s website and the same can be accessed 
through below link: 
 
https://www.indianbank.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Q4-FY-2024-Post-Result-Concall-Transcript.pdf  
 
 
This is for your information, record and dissemination please. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indian Bank 
 
 
 
 
AGM & Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl: A/a 
DINA NATH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by DINA NATH KUMAR 
DN: st=TAMIL NADU, 
serialNumber=f9e22b8c1b4cbe397ea154
974bb1f6e21a396ec0948def3bce4111484
c37a148, postalCode=600014, ou=CO 
INVESTOR SERVICES CELL, o=INDIAN 
BANK, c=IN, cn=DINA NATH KUMAR 
Date: 2024.05.13 20:44:12 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Indian Bank Q4 FY’24 Results  
Post Earnings Conference Call / Meet  
Held on 06.05.2024 
 
Transcript 
 
 
Management:  
 
 
Shri S L Jain  
MD & CEO  
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj  
Executive Director  
 
Shri Ashutosh Choudhury  
Executive Director 
 
Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh 
Executive Director 
 
Shri Brajesh Kumar singh 
Executive Director 
 
 
 
Moderator:  
 
Shri Anand Dama  
Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. 
 
 

Page 1 of 19 
 
Anand Dama (Host – Emkay Global): Welcome everyone to Indian Bank Results Con Call for 
Fourth Quarter 2024, hosted by Emkay Global. From Indian Bank management, we have MD 
& CEO, Shri S. L. Jain, and Executive Directors, Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Shri Ashutosh 
Choudhary, Shri Shiv Bajrang Singh and Shri Brajesh Kumar Singh. 
 
We would request the MD Sir to brief us with the key highlights of the results and strategic 
direction, particularly in terms of growth, margins and asset quality. Post that, we will take up 
the Q&A from the participants. 
 
Over to you, Sir. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So good evening. Warm welcome to all the analysts and investors 
in the post Result Conference Call of Indian Bank. Today, we declared our Q4 and FY '24 
Results. So, I will just touch about the brief on the financial performance. Our business has 
grown by 12% and Deposits have grown by 11% and credit has grown by 13%. In the deposit, 
CA has grown by 8%, the saving deposit has grown by 7% and Bank could maintain the 
domestic CASA Ratio above 42%. 
 
As far as credit is concerned, we have grown by 13%. Under the credit, the RAM credit has 
grown by 14% and as a  result, our RAM advance to total advance have improved from 61% to 
62%.Under the RAM, the Retail Credit has grown by 15% and under the retail, housing loan 
growth is 11% and our auto loan growth is around 49%. Personal loan growth is at 10%. 
 
In Agriculture, we have grown by 19% and this 19% growth is basically crop loan growth. In the 
crop loan, we are having around 78% of the crop loan as a gold loan, which is growing around 
27%. So other than the gold loan, balances are coming down. 
 
Investment credit has grown by 10%. Agri Allied by 62%. Here, major is SHG, which is growing 
around 37%. MSME has grown by 6%. But you see the standard MSME, it has grown by around 
10%. Corporate Credit has grown by 10%. So you see, quarter on quarter basis, we are growing 
in equal proportions in all sectors, whether Retail, Agri, MSME, and maintaining our RAM to 
total credit around 61% to 62%. This is the business side. 
 
As far as our profitability side is concerned, you see our financial year '24 Results as well as 
the quarter. So our Net Profit for FY '24 has grown by 53% and you see, PBT, Profit Before 
Tax, has grown by 85% and this growth is basically growth in NII, which has grown by 15% and 
non-interest income, too, has grown by 10%. 
 
Under the non interest income, basically, Trading Profit has grown by 127%, Fee based income 
has grown by 11%, PSLC commission has grown by 37%, and miscellaneous income has 
grown by 27%. So NII growth and non interest   growth is the main reason for our growth. 
 
In the expenditure side, what we have done, there is an increase in expenditure, mainly under 
the head salary, which has increased by 23%. What we have done here, because of the wage 
revision provision, there is an incremental provision on retirement benefits, we have provided 
for ex-gratia of pensioner for entire four or five years in the current quarters, and therefore, there 
is a slightly increase. 
 
Slight increase in overhead is because of our expenditure on digitization. So, this year, as a 
whole, Net Profit has grown by 53%. If you see quarter on quarter also, our Net Profit has grown 
by 55%. You see quarter on quarter, up to December also, we have grown by 52%-53%. Growth 
is happening in quarter on quarter basis in the Bank. 

Page 2 of 19 
 
So NII in the quarter has grown by again 9% and non interest income has grown by 13%. Here 
also, the non interest income growth is basically Trading Profit, Fee Income, Forex Income and 
PSLC commission. So, you see all our income streams are giving us a good profitability. 
 
And you see that here, PBT has grown by 111%. You see last year, we were carrying forward 
the losses of erstwhile Allahabad Bank. Now in this current year, entire amount is taxable, so 
the tax rate is coming around 26% or so, on a quarter on quarter basis, on a year on year basis. 
So, this is about our profitability. 
 
You see our Gross and Net NPA has come down. You see, we started our journey on 
amalgamation from 1st April 20, when the Gross NPA was 11.39%, First Year 9.85%, Second 
year 8.47%, third year 5.95%, and Fourth year, we are at 3.95%. So in the whole year, our 
Gross NPA has come down by 2%. 
 
Likewise, you see on a quarter on quarter basis, our Gross NPAs are coming around 50 bps, 
plus/minus, so as a result, in the whole year, it is around 2%. Likewise, our Net NPA is also 
coming down, we started our journey from 4.19%. 
 
Today, we are at 0.43%, our provision coverage ratio has improved to 95% to 96%. 
 
That is about our asset quality and one more thing is that you see our SMA number, SMA 
number has come down significantly, it is now around 0.48% and the slippage is Rs.1,200 crore, 
There was no slippage in  the corporate book. Rather, we have recovered in the corporate, and 
the slippage of Rs.1,200 crore is coming mainly from the MSME, Rs.600 crore, of around 
Rs.140 odd crores is from the restructuring, and around Rs.500 crore is from the Agri, that 
includes KCC and the other Agri and SHG and around Rs.100 crore is in Retail, mainly because 
of Housing and Education. So, Asset quality is under control. 
 
Now coming to the capital side, our Capital Adequacy is 16.44%. You see, from year on year, 
it was 16.49% to 16.44%. Around a 60 bps reduction is in Tier 2 because we have paid the 
subordinated bond because we are having good Capital Adequacy Ratio. If you see our Tier 1 
and CET, there is a growth. Of course, we have raised the capital by Rs.4,000 crore, having 
impact of 100 bps, but there is an impact of 57 bps because of the RBI guidelines. 
 
So, considering this, our increase in capital adequacy is more than this over 31st March, '23, 
and this shows that our generations are adequate to take care of our 12% or 13% credit growth, 
where we can protect our capital adequacy and grow and because of the QIP, our shareholding 
has come down from 79% to close to 74%. 
 
So that recovery, we told that we will be having a recovery of Rs.8,000 crore in the whole year, 
against Rs.8,000 crore, we have recovered Rs.8,800 crore, so Rs.800 crore more and our story 
of recovery more than the slippage is continuing. This year also, slippage of Rs.6,700 crore, 
recovery was Rs.8,800 crore. Last year also, the recovery was Rs.8,500 crore and slippage 
was around Rs.7,000 crore. So, you also see on a quarter on quarter basis, our recovery is  
more than our slippage. 
 
We have recovered around Rs.2,858 crore from the AUC book. What happens, whereas in the 
P&L, it is coming less amount than this amount because what happens when you sell to NARCL 
or other, you get a 15% cash and 85% in the shape of SR and all. So as per the guidelines, this 
provision which we are having on SR we are not reversing and as and when the money is 
collected for SR, we will credit in the P&L account, so this will be a profit for our future. 
 

Page 3 of 19 
 
Now, slightly, what provision we have made for standard asset because on the basis on the 
portfolios. As far as NARCL is concerned, so we have transferred around six account having 
book balance of Rs.3,000 crore. 4 bids are under process, and on the four accounts we have 
received the bid, and in the five account, it is under process. 
 
The COVID, as far as COVID restructuring is concerned, it is now outstanding, which we started 
from Rs.18,000 crore today, Rs.8,000 crore, which is 1.68% of the book, which was around a 
4.5% book and we are having around 27% provision there against. 
 
In FI side also, our market share is increasing both in PMJDY, JJBY, SBY, APY, and all and we 
are doing number of things under digitization. So I request my colleague, Mr. Bajaj, to briefly 
discuss about the digital journey and then we will open for Q&A. 
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director: Thank you, Sir. Good Evening, dear analysts 
and investors. As far as Indian Bank is concerned, digital transformation journey continues. Our 
transaction on the digital channels, now 89% as on Q4 for financial year '24, as against 85% in 
the corresponding quarter, financial year '23, 4% improvement and we have totally launched 78 
digital journeys out of which, 34 digital lending journeys and 19 other digital process portals 
were launched during the financial year 2024. 
 
Our total digital business increased more than 14x from Rs.5,640 crore to Rs.81,250 crore 
during the financial year '24 and we are planning during this financial year, 27 digital journeys, 
out of that, 10 digital journeys, we are planning  in the Q1 of 2024-25. Bank has been coming 
out with various digital initiatives and enablers like e-OTS, digital lending platform, tab banking, 
EBG, e-locker, middleware, APIs, branch server centralization, debt claim portals, settlement 
portal, document and record management system. 
 
Apart from that, we have created fintech partnership -- government and fintech partnership for 
the purpose of the CASA. We are providing various solutions to our government departments 
as well as the institution like SNS solution, API banking, and mobile app for apartments and 
societies, DBT platform, solution to Municipal Corporation, solution for religious institution, cess 
collection portal, e-governance solution, dynamic UPI QR code, web-based GPF solution. 
 
Apart from that, bank is having various key projects which are under implementation like Omni 
channel app which are going to come shortly on the retail as well as MSE and corporate bank, 
the customers on the internet banking as well as mobile banking, CMS and cloud migration on 
the private cloud as well as hybrid, data analytic models, CRM solution, CBDC we have already 
started. 
 
The GenAI, some of the use cases we have already started after tie up with RBI as well as our 
own team. Next-gen call center and four-way data center also banking starting because we'll 
have a DC, near DC, DR, near DR for zero loss data. Bank is committed in adding various digital 
journeys, products and processes and portal for ease of doing business and better customer 
experience. 
 
Thank you very much. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: And one point I forgot to tell you about the margin, we saw the 
margin but so at the beginning of the year, we said that our margin will be 3.41%, plus/minus 
10 bps to 15 bps. As against 3.41% domestic margin is 3.54% in the year as a whole and you 
see in the last quarter, it was 3.52% improved from 3.49%. So this is because of two or three 
reason, there is an increase in the yield on advances as well as yield on investment. 

Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Now, we are open for questions. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Thank you. Thank you for the highlights. So before we open up the 
floor for Q&A, I have one question which is like pertaining to the recent RBI guidelines, 
particularly where basically RBI has said that banks need to provide 5% as a standard asset 
provision on the project finance exposures. So first, like how much is our project finance 
exposure and what is your view on these guidelines? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Well, these are basically the draft guideline, first point and the draft 
guideline, they are asking comments, and we will also be sending our comments and in the 
guideline, what they have done is one is a construction phase and operations phase. 
 
In the construction phase, the provisioning requirement is high and when the DCCO is achieved, 
it will come down, and when the 20% payment will come, it will come down further. This is the 
crux of the guideline and when the DCCO has  increased, and if there is a default, then 7th June 
circular will be applicable. This is the crux of the guideline. The point is that impact on Indian 
Bank. First, I would like to tell you that over 60% to 63% is our RAM. We are not a corporate 
bank. Remaining 37% is our corporate book, right? And even you see if you grow 10%, 11%, 
so over Rs.18,000 crores, Rs.20,000 crores of a corporate book. So, all are not in projects. 
 
So very small amount will be on, from our perspective, will be under the project, under 
construction, very small amount. And the completion and 20%, of course, will be up 1% at the 
end of the day, as against 0.4% of the existing guideline. So of course, this, we will further 
examine here also, and even we will discuss in the IBA as well, what is the  impact on that. So 
it is too early to say about the impact and everything. But not a big impact, because we are not 
a corporate bank. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Sir, but I mean, can you just repeat, basically, what is the overall project 
finance exposure that we have on the book? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: That, I'll tell you, right? 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Sure. And Sir, do you believe that this 5% standard asset provisioning 
is too high a provision to ask for, just based on the construction phase, this could actually derail 
the entire project financing cycle and the Capex funding cycle that we are all talking about? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO : So this is a draft guidelines, We will submit our comments. We 
will submit our comments, right? And you see, for a construction project, you also give this loan 
over a period of two or three years. Suppose it is a road project, it takes two or three years. So 
slightly, slightly, you disburse. You don't disburse an entire amount on first day. So we will 
discuss, Sir. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Sure Sir, we will discuss. Now, we will open up the floor for Q&A. Any 
participant, if you have a question, you can use the raise hand option and ask a question. First 
question, we have from Mr.Ashok Ajmera. Mr.Ajmera, please unmute yourself. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Thank you for giving me the opportunity first. Good evening, Sir, Jain 
Sir, and the entire team. And congratulations for another good quarter and a year of the fantastic 
results by Indian Bank, where on all the parameters, the Bank has improved its performance. 
Having said that, Sir, I will take this point from Anand's point only, a little bit to have a little more 
clarity on this RBI circular, that your exposure to ports and road is Rs.8,696 crore, other infra is 

Page 5 of 19 
 
Rs.30,552 crores, and CRE is Rs.17,989 crores. So altogether, it is around, I think, Rs.60,000 
crore, Rs.65,000 crore of total exposure on  this. So roughly, how much is basically under 
implementation, which will come under the higher provision as per this circular, because this 
will be on existing as well as on incremental. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Entire exposure is not on project under implementation, right? We 
are having exposure in the shape of working capital also. We are, on an ongoing basis also, we 
are giving loans to them, right? So entire is not a project under implementation. This circular is 
basically project under implementation, right? So basically, even in the road projects also, we 
are in the business from so many years. So 20% money has already come. Then where is the 
question of this additional provisioning? 
 
So in case of a new project, which we might have given in last two or three years, that will have 
a major impact. Otherwise, the projects are already completed. And you see, projects are 
already completed and there is hardly any SMA. So projects are running that way good. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Okay, Sir. I mean, as the time passes 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: We will examine in detail  
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yes. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: We will examine in detail, and then we will come out with the 
numbers. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yes, Sir. Point well taken. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Because each and every project has to be assessed. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Yes, Sir. Sir, I have just a point of information. In note number 10, it 
says that you have formed a new subsidiary Indbank Global Support Services, which is on 9th 
of February, 2024. So, Sir, what is the idea behind forming this subsidiary? How much capital 
the Bank has invested? And what benefit the bank is expecting to draw from this subsidiary? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, we have started this operational subsidiary with a capital of 
Rs.10 crore. What this subsidiary will do, they will back office operations for us. You see the 
way the SBI has formed, the way the Bank of Baroda has, the BGSS. This company also will 
be doing a number of activities for us, for suppose a collection support, then the operations part, 
even check issuance, or even you can say, not as a checker, they will do a number of activities 
where we will save a huge cost and increase our TAT. So this company has started even the 
working from 1st of March. So first, we have put them on a collection, and also for giving us a 
lead for saving and current account opening and all. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: The existing staff only has gone to the subsidiary of the bank, or it 
has hired fresh people? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No. We have recruited the people from the market and the 
subsidiary is recruiting the people from the market, not from our bank. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: I think that must be the main idea to recruit the talent from outside 
and get the work done. 
 

Page 6 of 19 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Right. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Sir, my second point is, Sir, on the advances credit growth. Now, 
okay, we have been going in 12%, 13% range. But at this level now, when so much things are 
happening in the country, and even some of the bigger banks are also coming in the range of 
14%, 15%, 16%. Some smaller banks are still at 18%, 20%. Number one is that, why can't we 
-- I mean, can we not think of revising this target for the future at least to 14%, 15%, the way 
the things are happening? 
 
And secondly, on SME front, we are on record as 6% only growth. You are saying that if you 
take it on standard asset, then it is 10%. But still, are we not comfortable with the way the SME's 
workings are there or the credits going to the SMEs? That we cannot think of increasing our 
loan book to the SMEs, Sir? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay, Sir. You see our credit growth is 13%. You see our gross 
NPA has come down from 5.95% to 3.95%. So if our standard growth is 15%, which is nearly 
in line with the industry, 15%, 16% or so. The same story in -- but we are very cautious in MSME 
because you see our more NPAs are in MSME. Corporate, hardly there is any NPA with us. 
 
So slowly, slowly, we are growing. But we are growing digitally also because we have started 
two, three things. Based on the cash flow, we have started giving loan. The pre-approved 
business loan, we started. Based on the GST return, we started. Based on the cluster-based 
financing, we started. So security based lending, we have started. So, we are going in a very 
secure way there. Otherwise, our credit growth is 13% to 15%, Sir. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: All right, Sir. Sir, if you look at the external rating Slide 11 of 48, BB 
and below, in the corporate book, there is more than Rs.100 crore corporate book. There is an 
outstanding of Rs.11,275 crore. These are rated BB or below. And at the same time, a slight 
increase is also there from Rs.9,008 crore to Rs.11,275 crore at the end of '24 as compared to 
'23. 
 
So what kind of these corporates which are rated below BB and not the government or state 
government and still more than Rs.100 crore? How many such corporates are there? And what 
is the asset quality of these corporates against this credit, Sir? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Basically, what happens under this bracket, basically, three, four 
type of exposures are there. One is basically LRD exposures, where we are not getting rating, 
but the cash flow is being protected, first point. So because you see our LRD exposure has 
increased, you see, just prior to that, Rs.13,000 crore becomes Rs.17,000 crore, right? So 
Rs.4,000 crore, just you see slide number 10, and then you compare with slide number 11. So 
the one is an LRD exposure. 
 
Second kind of exposure here is basically here in the hospital or educational institutions and all, 
where we are having the cash flow. So these are two or three major areas where we are 
increasing our exposure where the cash flow is protected, Sir. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Good, Sir. My last, last question, Sir, on the investment in this round 
of discussion is on the investment book. Our AFS book, we were told, we had increased the 
duration, modified duration from 1.98 to 2.75 and we were of the view that -- I mean, the bank 
was of the view that with the interest rates a little bit softening up, we will make a little more 
profit on AFS and still the modified duration is 2.72 of the AFS book. So what are the views of 
our treasury going forward on -- what do you see like in the coming quarters? How much -- how 
do we make the profit from this book, Sir? 

Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay. So I am telling you, we have done a number of things in 
that, in the treasury side, Sir. First is our investment has grown by 14%. So Rs.1,88,000 crore 
to Rs.2,14,000 crore or Rs.26,000 crore of growth, right? This is the first point. So because we 
were knowing that the interest rate will come down, so we have made a huge investment at a 
good rate, even much higher than the current rate. 
 
And you see holding yield, you see our investment yield has increased. In fact, today, my 
holding yield for AFS book is 7.28% and the HTM book is 7.06%. Virtually, my yield on total 
investment portfolio is 7.17%. You see, my last year, my yield on investment was 6.80%, and 
today, it is 7.17%. So you see 37 bps higher on a Rs.2 lakh crore book, what kind of interest, 
more interest we will have in the next few years to come. And we have increased our duration. 
So first is that it will give us a better interest income in the time to come. And we also know that 
the interest rate will come down -- 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst : Sorry to interrupt you, Sir, but this yield on investment in one of the 
slide, I think, if quarter on quarter is 6.88% and here 6.80%. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So 6.88% is a quarter number, Sir. 6.88% is a quarter number. We 
have done a churning in the last quarter as well and as a result, what happens is new guideline 
-- we move to the new guidelines, right? So the new guidelines are different than the earlier 
guidelines because now you cannot have a yearly churning, which we used to do in the old 
guidelines, right? 
 
So what we have done, the 6.80%, in fact, holding yield is 7.17%, Sir. So this is because of 
churning and this will give a better interest income to us in the time to come. Besides this, if the 
market is favorable, which we think that after third quarter -- after second quarter, third and 
fourth quarter we will have good opportunities. So this will give us an income as well residual 
profit on the interest income. So that way we have built this book, Sir. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Okay, Sir. Thank you very much, Sir and all the very best. And I will 
come back again if time permits, Sir. Thank you. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you. Thank you, Sir. But you are clear, Sir, what is our 
thinking in that. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Next question, we will move on to Mona. Mona, please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Khetan, Analyst : Yes, Hi, Good evening, Sir. My first question is on the recovery from written-
off book. So this year, if I look at the full year, you recovered about Rs.1,900 crore. If I have to 
understand the mix of various recovery channels, OTS and CLT, et cetera, could you give some 
sense? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay, just I want to tell you two, three things in recovery basically. 
So one is a slide number 16, right that talks about the P&L. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Right. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: And slide number 29, which talks about the movement of NPA, 
right? 
 

Page 8 of 19 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Right. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So in slide number 29, you see the AUC recovery is Rs.2,858 
crore. So, around Rs.2,858 crore. I have booked up Rs.1,800 crore in P&L. So close to Rs.1,000 
crore is an amount, which is a SR or OCD, we will book an income as and when it will come. 
So this is an income for the next few years. 
 
Now, second point is the recovery. From where we are having recovery? So recovery, basically, 
we are having recovery from NCLT. You see the NCLT recovery in '23-'24 is Rs.1,817 crore, as 
against the last year recovery of Rs.1,029 crore. So the Rs.800 crore more recovery from the 
NCLT in '23-'24 as against '22-'23. 
 
The compromise recovery is Rs.1,505 crores. The sale to ARC is Rs.464 crore. Sale through 
SARFAESI is Rs.861 crore. And other case recovery is Rs.3,072 crore and upgradation is 
Rs.1,078 crore. All put together is Rs.8,798 crore. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Got it. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Here, you see, every quarter, we are recovering more than 
Rs.2,000 crore. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay, got it. Secondly, if I have to look at the employee expense, so 
does this also include the impact of pension provisions this quarter and how much would that 
be? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, what happens this quarter, our total staff expense is Rs.2,633 
crore, right? 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Right. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Of this Rs.1,015 crore is the employee benefits. Out of this 
Rs.1,015 crore, Rs.388 crore, this is one item, which is basically a provision we have made for 
ex-gratia payments to be made to the pensioner for next four or five years. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay. So -- got it. So if I have to understand the employee expense 
run rate going forward, what would that be next year from a quarterly perspective? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: What we think that, you see, the expenditures, salary is Rs.6,400 
crores, and employee benefit is Rs.2,800 crores. So put together, it's Rs.9,200 crores is our 
expenditure for the year '23-'24, right? Considering the current salary bill and the AS-15, this 
amount can be close to Rs.9,000 crores. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay, from a full year perspective. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO : Full year perspective. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay. And also, finally, on the outstanding standard provisions, how 
much would that be for us? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Outstanding standard asset provision, we are having close to 
Rs.7,900 some odd crore. 
 

Page 9 of 19 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay, and this includes restructured provisions as well? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO : This includes all provisions. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay, okay. And just finally, what would be the guidance on margins? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So you see, what we have told you that 3.41% will be the margin, 
we have ended with a 3.54%. Now we are seeing that we are in a very tight liquidity market, 
right? In a tight liquidity market, naturally, the interest rates are slightly higher. And even the 
CASA growth in line with the total deposit growth may not be there, though our endeavor will 
be to maintain our CASA more than 40%. So -- and some lag effect of the deposit will also be 
there going forward. In the current situation, as against 3.54%, our margin can be in the range 
of 3.4% to 3.5% with, of course, a 10 bps to 15 bps here and there. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Okay. So it may come down by 5 to 10 bps, let's say. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: But you see, last time also, we had given a guidance of 3.41%, 
and we ended with 3.54%. 
 
Mona Khetan, Analyst: Correct. Got it. Got it, Sir. Thank you so much. I will come back in the 
queue. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yes, thank you, Mona. Next question we will take from Nishant Shah. 
Nishant, please unmute yourself. 
 
Nishant Shah, Analyst: Hello. Hi, Sir. Congratulations on the good results. It's really 
remarkable. Sir, just coming back to this RBI project implement, like, project circular. So you 
mentioned in your opening remarks that it's probably a little too early for you to kind of give any 
comments. But just even if you can qualitatively answer, like thought process-wise, like the 
spread on some of these project loans will be 2%, 3%. So mathematically, how does it work out 
if you have to kind of provide 5% upfront in year one, two, three? 
 
It's like you almost operate at a negative ROA for like first two, three years. So is the current 
kind of format of this circular probably going to see light of day, or if you can just kind of give 
your thoughts around like how this changes, if   at all it changes? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: First, we have to further examine this circular. But the plain reading, 
the 5% margin, we are not having. This is correct because no bank is having a margin of 5%. 
But what the circular says that you have to build in 2% and then 3.5% and then the 5%. And by 
the time what will happen, some of the projects under construction will -- this year, will achieve 
and will convert into operational and the requirement of them will come. 
 
So, this is an ongoing process and after that some 20% will come, some provision will release, 
some provision will come. This is a cycle it will happen. So slowly, slowly, may be after and 
therefore, they have given a time also up to '27 to build up these provisions. 
 
But if you read straight 5%, it appears to be high side, but they have given a timeline. And then 
this is only a draft that we will submit our views also. 
 
Nishant Shah, Analyst: Correct, Sir. Sir, I understand about the back book, you will get time 
to kind of like build up provisions of the existing loans. But like, on a go-forward basis, 
incrementally, say, tomorrow, some large corporate comes to you for like setting up a port 

Page 10 of 19 
 
project or whatever else. Like, how do you, is there enough pricing power to go and tell an 
NTPC or an Adani or someone like that to say, hey, like, I'm going to charge you 5% more 
because I have to provide 5% more upfront. 
 
Like, because incrementally, you don't get that leeway, right, of spreading that provision over 
three years. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: It's very difficult to get 5% in the competitive environment. It is very 
difficult to get 5%. But some margin we can always load. The way you see, the way the RBI 
circular came for NBFCs and all. So some increase we have made in our NBFC pricing. And 
this will be a new normal. 
 
Nishant Shah, Analyst: Correct, Sir. Okay, fair enough. And even if you have a ballpark 
number, sometime during the call, if you can share about, like, what would be roughly the 
projects which are currently under implementation. That would be really helpful, Sir. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay. 
 
Nishant Shah, Analyst: Yes, thank you. That's it for me. Thank you so much, Sir. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yes. Thank you, Nishant. Next question, we will take from next 
question we will take from Mr. Ketan Athavale. Ketan, please unmute yourself. 
 
Ketan Athavale, Analyst: Hello, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know your 
credit cost outlook for FY '25 and FY '26. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So the credit cost, you see, has come down substantially. Our 
credit cost is basically 0.7% or so, right? Now the net NPA itself has come down to 0.43%, so 
it will come down further, Sir. You see, credit costs are continuously coming down. And we are 
hardly any SMA 1 and 2. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Ketan, are you done? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Am I clear, Sir? 
 
Ketan Athavale: Yes. Can you just provide some guidance? That would be very helpful. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: In terms of exact number? 
 
Ketan Athavale: Yeah, or a ballpark range will also do. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, you see, the 0.77% is a credit cost for the year, when my 
beginning net NPA was 0.9%. Now, my beginning net NPA is 0.43%. So naturally, it will come 
down. 
 
Ketan Athavale, Analyst: Okay. Thank you. That's it from me. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yeah. Thank you, Ketan. Next question, we'll take from Rakesh Kumar. 
Rakesh, please unmute yourself. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Hi. Thanks, Sir. So just firstly, Sir, on the liquidity front, what we're 
holding in the book. So we are continuously having investment deposit ratio on the NDTL close 

Page 11 of 19 
 
to around 29.5%, 30% kind of a number. So what is our thought process on that? Like, would 
we be able to use some of the liquidity in the next financial year? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Well, right, you see, the last year, you see, in absolute terms also, 
you see our deposit has grown by, say, Rs.67,000 crore. And our credit has grown by Rs.60,000 
crore. So around an incremental CD ratio of 90% in '23-'24. We are sitting at a CD ratio of 77%, 
78%, right? 
 
Going forward, we would like to plan in a similar way. As far as liquidity is concerned, we are 
having around Rs.44,000 crore of excess. SLR as on date also. So what happens, some of the 
money we will utilize for credit, since we will be getting more return under the credit? 
 
And one more point is that liquidity is available. Issue is that at what price you are taking. So, 
we don't want to be outlier in the price and take money, and then it will impact our NII and all. 
So, you see, we will be able to maintain our   margins, NII growth, and everything. 
 
So, we will be growing in a much planned way. But like to maintain our CASA 40%-plus. So, 
our average deposit cost will come down. And at the same time, on the credit side also, we want 
to grow retail, agri, MSME, corporate, equal proportions or so. So better yield and better margin. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: The HTM book that we have, would that all in the money? There 
would be some loss in the HTM book at the current yield? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, you see that I told you that my HTM yield is 7.06%. HTM is 
not required to make provisions and all. 7.06% we are having. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: No, I'm just thinking from the point of view that to what extent we can 
liquidate that SLR and use that into the CDR. So, from that perspective, I was trying to 
understand that what the position on the HTM book is. So, are we in the money or out of the 
money in the HTM book? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, no, no. HTM, we are having good AFS book as well. In the 
new guideline also, we created good AFS book and HFT book. Even in the HFT or FVTPL, our 
holding yield put together is basically 8.61%. So that good book, HFT and AFS, the opportunities 
are there. And if the need arises, we'll always square it up and use it for credit. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: And Sir LCR, currently, the LCR would be March end, Sir, LCR? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: LCR is around 130% to 133%. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Okay. And Sir, this quarter, we have a lower credit yield on a 
calculated basis on our quarterly average balances. So, any specific reason for that lower credit 
yield this quarter? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, but you see, our yield on advances have improved by 3 bps 
over the December quarter. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Okay. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: What happens, Sir, there are two play here. We are having 60% 
MCLR book and 30%-34% is the repo. The repo, there is no change. Of course, we have 
increased our MCLR. And as a result, our yield has improved slightly. And that MCLR also, one-

Page 12 of 19 
 
year MCLR will come for repricing after one year also. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: And Sir, have we reversed any excess provision on the loan sold to 
ARC close to around Rs.80 crore, Rs.85 crore this quarter? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, because whatever money we have received cash, we have 
reversed up to that amount only. But the money which we received in the shape of SR or as 
OCD over NCD, as and when the money will come, we'll reverse. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Actually, Sir, like, I was going through the -- this thing, your notes to 
accounts. So here, we have given in 18 that there is a total reversal of Rs.232 crore and Rs.149 
crore was the reversal as on December end. So the residual amount we would we would have 
received or reversed this quarter? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, this reversal is up to the extent of cash received. 
 
Rakesh Kumar, Analyst: Correct. Okay. So we have not credited the P&L this quarter to that 
extent? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, no, whatever money SR, SR as OCD and NCD we have 
received, it is basically as and when we will receive money. You see, this SR is guaranteed by 
the government, even in five years' period also. By the time NARC will sell the asset and will 
give money. So this money will come every year to us, rather every quarter to us, some money 
will come. And then we keep on reversing that part. 
 
Anand Dama: Thank you, Rakesh. We will have to move on. Next question, we'll take from 
Dixit Doshi, please unmute yourself. 
 
Dixit Doshi, Analyst: Yeah, can you hear me? Hello? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, Sir, please. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yeah, Dixit, we can hear you. 
 
Dixit Doshi, Analyst: Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. So couple -- one question and one 
clarification. So firstly, what kind of recovery target we have for next year? And how much is our 
return of pool as of today? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Two things, Sir. Written Off pool is around Rs.39,000 crore. So 
Rs.39,000 crore plus Rs.21,000 crore-Rs.22,000 crore, Rs.60,000 crore of NPA we are having 
virtually. Last time, we said that Rs.8,000 crore recovery and we end up with the Rs.8,800 crore. 
This time also we are planning between Rs.7,000 crore to Rs.8,000 crore of recovery. 
 
Dixit Doshi, Analyst: Okay. And so one question regarding the RBI guidelines on the project 
finance. So there was some section of the investors -- there were some confusion that whether 
this 5% provision is from the day one or if the DCCO extension will be availed, then only the 5% 
provision. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, no, 5% provision is till the DCCO is achieved, right, construction 
phase. And I'm telling you, suppose we have given a loan, say sanction of loan of Rs.100, first 
year we can disburse Rs.20, next year Rs.30, Rs.40, then next year remaining. So the provision 
will attract only on Rs.20, not on Rs.100. On the third year, it will, of course, attract the provision 
of Rs.100, and the fourth year, it will come back. 
 

Page 13 of 19 
 
Dixit Doshi, Analyst: Okay. Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yes. Thank you, Dixit. Next question, we'll take from Jai Mudra. Jai, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Yes. Hi, sir. Good evening. I have a couple of questions. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, good evening. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Sir, first is the corporate slippages are negative this quarter, right? So, 
is it fair to understand that there would be some slippages, but then you would have recovered 
slippages from the previous quarter, and hence, this quarter slippages are negative? I mean, 
why the fresh slippages are negative number? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: First time you are saying negative number, no? This is the recovery, 
Sir, because you are on one side only. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: No, so I wanted to check, Sir. So let's say there was some slippages, but 
you recovered during the same quarter. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, yes. Because we are doing on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay. So this is -- the slippages number that we show is after inter-
quarter recovery, right? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Here as a whole, naturally, your slippage will be less. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay, understood. So that is one. And second, Sir, if I see our recovery 
number, total cash recovery number, which is Rs.2,017 crores this quarter and Rs.2,509 crores 
previous quarter, that number has changed, Sir. I mean, from previous, I think it was some lower 
number. It has been revised upward, the third quarter number. Any specific reason or how does 
this work, sir, because the previous number have also revised upwards. The third quarter, cash 
recovery. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: I will come back. I'll come back to you. Same number, I think we 
have not changed. Why should we change? You see last presentation. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Yes, in the last presentation, this number is lower, the total cash 
recovery. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: You are talking about the December '23 quarter? 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Yes, Sir. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay, let me see the presentation of December '23. No, it is 
Rs.2,509 crores only, Sir. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay. So, what I read is Rs.2,340 crores, but anyway, so that is  
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No. Your own calculation, you might have done it Rs.2,340 crores 
is just above. 
 

Page 14 of 19 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Just below that Rs.2,509 crores, same number. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Right, right. Okay. Understood. Understood. And Sir, this quarter, could 
you give us. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Correction. Correction. Just a minute. It was 
Rs.2,340 crores, second is Rs.2,509 crores. Okay. Understood. But number is Rs.2,509 crores 
is final. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Right. Okay. Okay. Understood. As in this quarter, out of Rs.898 crores 
of cash recovery and upgrade, if you can bifurcate what is the cash recovery and what is the 
upgrade. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So major part is basically what happens by the time you reach to 
the fourth quarter now, so your -- virtually your cash recovery is more. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Right. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So major part is basically cash. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Sir, a small question on personal loan, right? So, we had started this 
business and the portfolio is very small. Still the quarter-on-quarter number has declined, the 
outstanding number has declined. So anything to read into, are you seeing any advents or is 
there a change in the strategy in the personal loan business? Because from Rs.8,600 crores, it 
has now fallen to Rs.8,500 crores on a Q-o-Q basis. It was growing at a rapid pace.  
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: What happens in personal loan, you get recovery also very fast 
because the quality of customer which we are lending, basically, those are existing customers, 
salaried customer, CIBIL score more than 730 or 750, majority are more than even 750 CIBIL 
score. So you get recovery also very fast. And period of loan is also very small. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay. and lastly, Sir, this pension that you said Rs.388 crores that we 
have provided on ex-gratia. This is the same thing, right, that we had provided last quarter some 
300 crores on the pension? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No. This is the first time we provided because a settlement was 
signed only in the last quarter. Not in December quarter. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay. So this is a new, new clause in the settlement. Is that new? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah. New clause that also we have fully provided. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Right. All right, Sir. All right, Sir. And if you have the loan mix by 
benchmark, Sir, EBLR, MCLR, etc. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, I'm telling you 60%, close to 60% is basically MCLR. And 
around 34% is basically repo. Rest is fixed or external benchmark, very small or base rate earlier 
on. 
 
 

Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: And Sir, if you had highlighted this thing that out of this new investment 
norms we have, we are in the money in the sense that there is some accretion to the reserves, 
CFS reserves and general reserve. If you can quantify, Sir, how much is the addition to CET 1 
or Tier 1 basis the new investment norm as of April 1st? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, that is basically what happens, you see the interest rate 10 
years G-sec on 1st April was I think 7.06% or so, today it is around 7.16% or 7.17%, so based 
on the movement of G-sec prices, this reserve also plus and minus will happen, and it will directly 
happen in the reserve side. 
 
Jai Mundra, Analyst: Okay. Yes Sir, thank you Sir. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Thank you Jai. Next question, we will take from Suraj Das, Suraj, 
please unmute yourself. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of 
numbers, a couple of questions. 
 
So, you have done really well on the corporate book this quarter in terms of growth. And if I see 
within that, probably the segments which have done well is the other infra, construction and 
commercial real estate, where more or less on a sequential basis, the growth has been 
something like 5% to 6%. So, just wanted to check, Sir, in terms of the other infra, what are the 
segments where probably this growth has come from, is it solar or is it anything other? And 
what is the general yield that you are charging here? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Other infra basically three, four major sector. The city gas, city gas 
is a new area where the construction is going on, the pipelines and all. Smart metering is another 
area where the new developments are taking. Data center is a new area where the 
developments are. Solar panel manufacturing and all. These are new areas, new and upcoming 
areas where we are giving loan and the margins here are slightly better. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: So, in terms of blended interest rate here, it would be 11%, 12% or higher? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, no, no, Sir 11%, 12 %, you will not get a good quality. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Okay. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: You will not get a good quality customer. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Okay. So it'll be very low. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Competition intensity is very much  
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Okay and in terms of the construction and commercial real estate, I mean 
here if you can also highlight your strategy and probably what is the blended interest rate here? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, what happens in commercial real estate also, there are huge 
opportunities? I am telling you that the way the E-commerce is happening in the country, there 
are the data repository requirements, and all have increased, everyday new data is created. So 
data center is a huge business opportunity for entrepreneur and for us to give LRD loan and all, 
right? 

Page 16 of 19 
 
 
In office space also we are giving, even malls and all. Now, again, full. So there are opportunities 
there also. And in each city, the warehouse is in all -- huge opportunity, because now all these 
e-commerce companies are delivering goods in one day, even in six hours, 10 hours. So in 
each city, there are warehouses. So huge opportunity is there in the LRDs. 
 
And the interest rate we are getting, because the cash flow is there. Cash flow is there, and the 
promoters are solid. So slightly better interest rate than the one-year MCLR or near to one-year 
MCLR. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Right. Understood, Sir. And Sir, I mean, barring LRD, what would be the 
general moratorium period during the construction for all these project loans? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, no, what we are not giving. We are not in the business of giving 
construction and then LRD. We are giving when the tenant is in place, money is coming. So you 
are assured that your cash flow is there. Then we are entering. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Okay. But for the other infra segment, I mean, generally there would be 
some construction phase, right, for this solar or data center? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: No, other infrastructure, all are very, very good companies. All are 
AA, AAA rated companies. And they have taken various districts in India, right? Various districts, 
so they are performing companies, good debt equity. So there we are giving. Quality of credit is 
that way better. And rating is also better, even AA, or near that. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Sure, Sir. Okay, understood. And Sir, one last question in terms of Slide 
29, more technical question in nature. If you can clear the difference between AUC recovery and 
the MOI recovery, I mean, what is the meaning of these two. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yeah. What happens, MOI is an interest recovery, right? So interest 
recovery will go straight away to interest income. And other than MOI, it will go to a reduction 
in outstanding. Or if it is a return of account, it will go straight to income account. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Okay, so this Rs.184 crore also goes to the interest income line item. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Rs.184 crore has gone to the interest. 
 
Suraj Das, Analyst: Okay. Understood, Sir. Thanks. Thanks so much, Sir. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yeah, thank you, Suraj. We will take next question from Sushil.                        
Mr Sushil Choksey, please unmute yourself. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Congratulations, Mr Jain, and management team of Indian Bank for 
excellent performance. Sir, in your tenure, if many more transformation have to happen or the 
transformation journey which you have started since you've joined, what are the things which 
you would like to see that has rolled out? And where you see a maximum benefit for Indian 
Bank's future. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, thank you, Mr Choksey, first your compliments. And I request 
Mr Bajaj to give that. I'll give you what is the impact on  the bank. 
 
 

Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Shri Mahesh Kumar Bajaj, Executive Director: So, in fact, when we go with these digital 
journeys, one side, we are improving our asset quality. Other side, the PAT is improved. So, 
during the last financial year, we did almost Rs.81,000 crore of business through this digital 
journey. And this year, we are again planning to cross more than Rs.1 lakh crore, which is 
monthly more than Rs.10,000 crore now run rate is there at present. 
 
So apart from that, one more major project which we have taken out, that is on the new mobile 
app, that is Omni channel, which we are going to start very shortly. It will be, again, a super-
app kind of thing, which is a similar experience on all channels of access, maybe a mobile app 
or internet banking. When a journey is started on one channel, it can be completed on another 
channel. So this will help us in reducing our operating costs and improving our asset quality. 
So, these are the one or two journeys with the projects which we have taken almost on the 
completion stage. 
 
Apart from that, various other on the infrastructure, we have done the, now I was telling in my 
presentation, we are coming up with the near-dear site also. And on the infrastructure also, 
most of the fixed assets on that, maybe a laptop, desktop, the ATM, all those things we have 
changed during the last financial year, last two years. And a lot of changes have been brought 
in on the infrastructure in the cyber-SOC also, on the security front also. Almost Rs.300 crores 
spend is there on the cyber-SOC. And almost on the transmission itself, we are spending every 
year Rs.500 crore to Rs.600 crore. And going forward, it's going to be, we have committed more 
than Rs.700 crores to Rs.800 crores for the next three or four years, Sir. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: So, Mr Choksey, I'll tell you that basically, what is bank? Bank is 
basically a talent, technology and a customer. On the talent side, how we are doing our 
business? First of all, the business itself, our large corporate branches takes care of about 76% 
of large corporate branch business. We are having 27 MCBs, which we have added. And five 
or seven more we are adding. So, this MCB is a business, Rs.25 crore to Rs.150 crore, where 
we are getting good margins. And the growth here is around 23%. But the LCB and MCB, you 
need good people who understand the credit, who can deliver. 
 
So, what we have done, we have given the training in-house and outside to our people. First, 
we have recruited people in recruited people in all categories, whether it is a scale 1, 2, 3, 4, 
because not only our people, outside people also. We have recruited people from the market 
also to manage over this LCB and MCB business. 
 
Now, third point is that other businesses, MSME business or retail business, there also, the 
knowledge, soft skills are required. So what we have done, we have given around 30,000 
people training in the last year, 30,000 people. And we are giving training all our branch head, 
all our MAPC head, all our RAPC head. And time to time, we are having their meetings also, so 
they have positivity, they have energy, they have understanding of the business. 
 
So that way, all these good engines are working. Likewise, even I'm telling you SHG is a good 
business for us. Even our MS, SHG, people are giving training to the other branch managers to 
have a SHG business in other part of the country, where the government is supporting even 
recovery of that. Our gold loan branches are giving training to the other branch managers to 
have a gold loan business, because this business we are doing from number of decades. 
 
So for all kind of training, support, soft skill, leadership development, all kind of training we are 
giving, all kind of recruitment we are doing, even at the top level, we are recruiting from the 
market. This is talent side, but then everybody is being trained based on their area of interest 

Page 18 of 19 
 
right? And on that area of interest, they are giving posting also based on their area of interest. 
Likewise, in technology also, we are doing a number of things. In a core side also, we have 
done. Even today, our core, the capacity utilization is close to 60%. And we have a feature 
where we can increase any time. Only you have to servers are all in place, and we have to give 
pay license fees, and then we increase this number. 
 
We have Middleware, we have started digital. The Omni-channel, we started. Digital lending, 
we started. CISO, we started. In the network side also, we have a number of things. All our 
branches are having 5 kbps through SD-WAN. Server centralization, we have done. DMS, we 
have done. Huge things we have done, and all is contributing to the growth of the bank, and it 
will continue to grow. And that's 78 journeys which we have done. I'm telling you, we are having 
Rs.80,000 crore of our business. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: And Sir, paucity of time, I'll ask you a question added to this. Led 
by your transformation journey of digital banking and Indian Bank shared service, where do you 
see your cost to income and number of products which you will be able to sell to your customers 
over a period of the next one or two years? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO : So you see, our cost to income ratio was 45%. It was 44% last 
year. And in the current year, it is around 45%, because of the huge employee cost this time 
we have put on account of this. So, we would like to bring back this cost income ratio below 
44% in the time to come. And that can happen only with your previous income and your better 
margins. So we are working on that. And you see, we are able to maintain 42% CASA. And 
what happened, even the liability side, also we have done segmentation. We have R&GR sale 
at various state capitals will open. Even resource acquisition center, we are planning to open 
around. So far, already opened around 75 centers. We want to slowly, slowly move to a 200 
center where the money is. So, wherever money is there, we are there. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: So, are you sensing large manufacturing business in Tamil Nadu 
and adjoining areas where Indian Bank has a large presence? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes. Indian Bank, we are having around 25% of balance sheet 
from Tamil Nadu now. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: No, no, are you sensing large manufacturing opportunities? 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, opportunities are there. Large is also there. Mid is also there. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Okay. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: That is why my mid corporate business has grown 23%. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Sir, I'll take further  
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Come again, please. 
 
Sushil Choksey, Analyst: Sir, I said because of paucity of time, I'll take further questions offline 
with you. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Okay, no problem, Sir. No problem at all. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Thank you. 

Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: You know we started over our subsidiary as well, right? 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Yes, thank you, Sushil. Yes, thank you, all the participants. Thank you, 
MD sir, for allowing us to host this call. 
 
Sir, do you have any closing remarks to make? And in case, basically, you have any data on 
the project financing stuff, which one of the participants asked, you can share the same. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: The project financing data, we have to see, actually. This is account 
by account, we have to see. So, it will take time, and then we're offline, I will tell you. But at the 
same time, we are  
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Anand, can I Sir, can I come in just for  
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, Mr Ajmera, no problem. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Sorry, Mr Ajmera, we have to close the call. Sorry for that. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Yes, Mr Ajmera, I can discuss with you, no problem, sir. 
 
Ashok Ajmera, Analyst: Okay. All right, Sir. 
 
Shri S. L. Jain, MD & CEO: Thank you, thank you, all analysts and investors for continuous 
interest in the bank and also guiding us. This all will go a long way for improvement in our 
business. Thank you. 
 
Anand Dama, Analyst: Thank you, Sir. Thank you, all participants. With that, we will end the 
call. Thank you, guys. Have a great evening.
 
