 
 
                                                                                                                                      
                          
 
Marico Information classification: Official 
May 13, 2024 
 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code: 531642 
       The Manager,  
       Listing Department,  
       The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
       Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
       Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
       Mumbai – 400051. 
       Scrip Symbol: MARICO 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
copy of transcript of the earnings conference call held on Monday, May 6, 2024 on the audited financial results 
and operations of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024, is enclosed. 
 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://marico.com/investorspdf/Marico_Limited_-_Q4FY24_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Marico Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay M A 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
  
 
 
Vinay 
Mandyam 
Anandam 
Pillai
Digitally signed by 
Vinay Mandyam 
Anandam Pillai 
Date: 2024.05.13 
21:04:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
 
 
 
Marico Limited  
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAUGATA GUPTA – MD & CEO, MARICO 
LIMITED 
MR. PAWAN AGRAWAL – CFO, MARICO LIMITED 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Marico Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
We have with us the Senior Management of Marico represented by Mr. Saugata Gupta – MD 
and CEO and Mr. Pawan Agrawal – CFO. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
Before we get started, I would like to remind you that the Q&A session is only for institutional 
Investors and Analysts and therefore if there is anybody else who is not an institutional 
investor or analyst but would like to ask questions, please directly reach out to Marico’s 
Investor Relations team. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saugata Gupta for his “Opening Comments.” Thank 
you and over to you sir.  
Saugata Gupta: 
Good evening to all those who have joined the call and hope all of you are doing well. 
With FY24 having come to a close, I would like to reflect on the operating environment during 
the year and the quarter gone by, after which I shall touch upon our performance and our 
strategic objectives going forward over the next 3 years. 
The FMCG sector has been fairly resilient amidst challenging circumstances during the year. 
Volume growth for the sector, on a normalized basis, has remained stable, even while 
grappling with volatile input prices, erratic climate events, subdued environment in the general 
trade channel and slower than anticipated recovery in rural demand. Similarly, in Q4 the 
operating environment remained largely consistent with preceding quarters. While urban 
growth slightly moderated, rural growth witnessed a visible uptick towards the end of the 
quarter. Premium segments maintained their lead over mass segments across FMCG 
categories. With improved macroeconomic indicators, enhanced government spending, a 
favorable monsoon forecast, moderate retail inflation and reduced volatility in commodity 
prices, the upcoming year holds promise for a gradual uptick in consumption sentiment across 
both urban and rural.  

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Moving to our performance in Q4, the domestic volume growth inched up sequentially, with 
steadying trends across a majority of our portfolio. Domestic volume growth was flattish after 
three quarters of decline, owing to incremental anniversarization of pricing drops taken in key 
portfolios last year. We expect domestic volume growth to trend up consistently from Q1 
FY25. We have continued to witness healthy offtakes with 75% of the business either gaining 
or maintaining market share and 100% sustaining or enhancing penetration.  
Delving further into the domestic business, we shall now touch upon the key trends in each of 
our categories. Parachute has seen steady recovery over the last three quarters amidst the 
resumption of loose to branded conversions as copra prices have inched up on the expected 
lines. This shift also reflected in the 50-bps gain in market share. We expect an improving 
trajectory in volumes driven by the favorable trend in copra prices. Gradual escalation in copra 
prices is a positive for the brand as it affords us the opportunity to strategically leverage the 
brand’s pricing power and the tremendous procurement system advantages we have versus 
other brands and thereby gain volume traction and market share. In response to the rise in 
copper prices so far, we have already implemented price hikes in select packs in April 
amounting to ~6% increase at a brand level. We could take another round of price hikes in case 
of any further rise in copra prices during the course of this year.  
Saffola oils also exhibited stability as trade sentiments eased, and both input and consumer 
pricing stabilized. With pricing decline abating early this year, revenue growth is expected to 
trend in the positive direction in this year. Offtakes for the brand have remained healthy and 
we expect the portfolio to gradually resume a steady growth trajectory. During the quarter, we 
initiated range advertising under the master brand “Saffola” by launching a powerful campaign 
on the importance of taking ‘Roz Ka Healthy Step’ through Saffola’s entire range of offerings 
comprising Edible Oils and Foods which emphasize the fact that healthy living is a lifelong 
journey and not just a temporary fad. We believe this is a first step towards leveraging the 
equity of the master brand which will enable far more efficient brand building investments 
going forward across the entire portfolio.  
Value added oils had an optically weak quarter on a high base while there has been sluggish 
demand and higher competitive intensity at the bottom of the pyramid segment. The 
performance largely reflected the subdued sentiment in mass BPC segments. Notably, our mid 
and premium segments of value-added hair oil have continued to fare better. While we had a 
challenging year in the bottom of the pyramid segment, we expect a more rational competitive 
environment going ahead given the significant bearing it has on profitability. We anticipate a 
gradual pickup in the franchise’s performance next year, driven by a strategic focus on 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
premiumization of the sales mix and augmented investment in brand building, which may be 
supplemented by an improving consumption sentiment in mass BPC categories and more 
innovation from our side.  
Foods had a healthy quarter with Organic Foods portfolio comprising Oats, Honey and Soya 
Chunks growing in double digits. We have closed the year at about 4x the scale of FY20. This 
is short of the revenue aspirations set earlier as we took a step back this year to reset a few 
fundamentals in order to be able to drive a consistent 20%+ CAGR in Foods over the medium 
term. This involved refinements in our supply chain and GTM strategy and strengthening the 
cost structure. We now believe we have the building blocks in place to double the scale of 
Food business by FY27 and drive consistent improvement in profitability as each of these 
organic components get critical mass. We have expanded gross margin of foods by about 800 
bps in FY24 through some of the aforesaid initiatives and expect this to further improve as we 
scale up. Within the Food’s portfolio, the Oats franchise maintains its category leadership with 
healthy growth in offtakes. Saffola Soya Chunks continues to scale well while Saffola Honey 
emerged as the fastest growing brand in terms of penetration within the category and continued 
to gain market share. True Elements and Plix have also sustained their accelerated growth 
momentum.  
Premium Personal Care has maintained its healthy growth trajectory, led by digital first 
portfolio clocking an exit ARR of around 450 crores. Beardo has scaled to about 3x since 
FY21 and achieved positive EBITDA this year. We will aim to move Beardo to double digit 
EBITDA margin in FY25. Just Herbs surpassed the 100 crores ARR milestone in FY24. While 
the traction in Plix’s personal care portfolio has been encouraging, both Plix and Just Herbs 
have been scaling with minimum cash burn. We now have a playbook and considerable in-
house capabilities to scale Digital-First brands profitably and aim not only to double the ARR 
of Digital -First brands by FY27 but to also achieve double-digit EBITDA margin in the 
portfolio. Taking the growth trajectory and business drivers into account, we believe both 
Beardo and Plix have the potential to reach 500 crores each in terms of turnover in the next 4 
to 5 years’ time.  
With the new businesses contributing to over 20% of the domestic revenues, our portfolio 
diversification objective has led to a marked shift in the revenue construction and reduction in 
commodity linkages of margin and revenue growth. We will sustain the aggression to drive 
20%+ CAGR in these portfolios and expect the composite share of Foods and Premium 
Personal Care including Digital-First to reach 25% by FY27 accompanied by a visible 
improvement in their profitability.  

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
During the quarter and the year alternate channels continue to gain salience while general trade 
has been subdued by profitability pressures as a consequence of muted growth and pricing 
corrections in mass categories. We have observed, that over the last few years while 
disproportionate focus and investment on premiumization and innovation by the sector coupled 
with the emergence of D2C has led to a quantum leap for alternate channels, the GT channel 
has been under pressure. However, we believe that the GT channel will remain a source of 
long-term competitive advantage for large, organized players and the primary channel of our 
mass or core categories to thrive in. While the price cycle turns positive, we have been taking 
initiatives to enhance the profitability of our general trade channel through stock reduction and 
selective credit extensions. 
Over the last couple of years, we have also implemented a sales framework that enables us to 
continue winning in the marketplace by strengthening our micro market focus and execution, 
bringing enhanced agility, and leveraging technology and analytics. We have successfully 
streamlined processes and ironed out teething issues faced during the restructuring of the 
operating model over the last 6 months and expect much more positive outcomes going ahead.  
Lastly, we also observed that the pace of expansion in our distribution reach had slowed down 
post the pandemic. Therefore, in this direction we have also rolled out a definitive plan to 
transform our direct reach over the next 3 years through the rollout of Project SETU. Project 
SETU lays a phased 3-year roadmap to expand our direct reach from 1 million outlets 
currently to 1.5 million outlets in FY27, taking the total to direct reach multiplier from 5.8x to 
4x, which would be one of the best in the sector. We have committed investments of INR 80 to 
100 crores by FY27 towards coverage and infrastructure enhancement and demand generation 
initiatives which will not come at an incremental cost to the company but will be funded by 
reallocation of resources through optimizing - spends in the wholesale channel and organized 
tradesavings from improving process efficiencies and reducing wastages in the supply chain 
and large-scale use of technology and analytics. 
Over the next 3 years we will deploy analytical capabilities to concurrently weigh the return on 
the investment and ensure Project SETU is cost neutral. In addition to improved direct reach 
and weighted distribution, especially in challenger brands other than the core, we expect 
Project SETU to drive market share gains across categories in urban and rural as well as to 
enhance assortment levels in urban stores, thereby enabling diversification and premiumization 
in the domestic business.  
We will continue to drive differential growth in our urban centric and premium portfolios and 
large packs through organized retail and e-commerce channels. Therefore, our focus will 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
deliver consistent and competitive growth through a much sharper and targeted portfolio-SKU 
strategy in each channel. Amidst the backdrop of improving macro indicators, we expect a 
gradual uptick in the growth of our core categories through these concerted efforts of reviving 
growth in the GT channel. Further with pricing headwinds behind, we expect domestic revenue 
growth to outpace volume growth from Q1FY25.  
Moving to International Business, we have rebounded to double digit constant currency growth 
in this quarter and expect to retain the momentum in FY25 and beyond. The Bangladesh 
business has recovered strongly on a sequential basis amidst the challenging environment on 
the back of its broad-based portfolio and robust fundamentals of the business. We expect the 
business to grow in double digits going ahead. 
In Vietnam we are seeing a slowdown in HPC demand, although the expanded portfolio which 
now comprises three distinct female personal care brands should enable us to hold strong in the 
meanwhile. Over the last couple of years, we are seeing a strong ramp up in our MENA 
through the expansion of hair oils portfolio in Egypt and the Gulf region as well as healthy 
traction in the hair care and healthcare portfolios in South Africa. This has accelerated the 
broad basing of our business reflecting in a reduced dependence on the leading market, 
Bangladesh. We expect the revenue share of Bangladesh, which was more than 50% in FY22, 
to reduce to about 40% by FY27. In addition to strengthening the growth prospects of the 
business, the ramp up of MENA and South Africa adds margin upside potential through scale 
benefits in the medium term.  
To sum up, Consolidated revenue growth has moved into positive territory in Q4, and we 
expect it to trend upwards during the course of FY25. We believe we have put in place 
building blocks to deliver double digit revenue growth through consistent outperformance vis-
à-vis category and market share gains in the domestic core portfolios, accelerated growth in 
foods and Premium Personal Care and double-digit constant currency growth in international 
business. We have delivered our highest ever operating margin in FY24 led by robust gross 
margin expansion, even while investment towards brand building, which was at 10% of sales 
remained a key thrust area. While key commodities are exhibiting upward bias, we are 
confident that we will be able to maneuver margins through pricing, driving more favorable 
mix, cost management and procurement gains to hold steady in the coming year.  
In the medium term, we expect operating margin to structurally inch up over the next few 
years with leverage benefits as well as premiumization of portfolios and diversification across 
both the India and international business. 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
With that I will now close my comments. Thank you for your patient listening and we will now 
take all your questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama.  
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on food’s vision, doubling in 3 years that would mean 25% CAGR and 
related question is taking direct reach from 1 million to 1.5 million through Project Setu, for 
both these do you need to do more M&A or is it based on the current portfolio largely?  
Saugata Gupta: 
As far as Project Setu is concerned, actually in certain states we are under indexed in 
distribution. We believe that post COVID, we haven’t had a significant increase in distribution 
and therefore, in a lot of places we want to move our reach from indirect to direct. The current 
core is good enough but you could see far more aggressive participations in some of our core 
categories, especially in value-added hair oils. Project Setu is specifically focused at certain 
states where we are under indexed and most of it is by two things- a lot of expansion in direct 
distribution including quality of direct distribution, especially in rural and a far more 
segmented approach in foods and premium personal care in urban. And we expect an outlay of 
80-100 crores over the next 3 years for Project SETU which will be funded internally from 
some of the savings and the reallocation of resources within the overall sales system as well as 
cost management across the organization. This is a big bet for us where we have put a 
dedicated team, including senior leadership, to drive this over the next few years.  
Abneesh Roy: 
One related question is on the India demand. Some companies have started talking about high 
single digit to double digit volume growth in some quarters of FY25 and some companies are 
also saying that going ahead rural will grow faster than urban. I think it will differ company to 
company. Wanted to understand for Marico on these two aspects, in terms of volume growth 
for the full year for the India business and in terms of rural versus urban, what will be your 
take for Marico?  
Saugata Gupta: 
We are definitely seeing some rural uptick especially during the end of the quarter while urban 
has moderated. The way we see it obviously as far as the core is concerned, definitely there 
will be far better rural growth. Also, the benefits of Project Setu will start kicking in the second 
half. Also we have a significant digital business that is growing which is essentially a little bit 
of urban. But as far as the core business is concerned, rural demand will be significantly 
showing improvement at least as we gradually move towards the second half of the year. As 
regards, we are, at this stage, in a position to perhaps say that we look forward to double-digit 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
revenue growth, although not the composition of volume and inflation as we will see how it 
pans out during the year.  
Abneesh Roy: 
My second and last question is on Bangladesh. So, you have come back to decent sales growth, 
and you are aiming for a double digit growth going ahead. So, wanted to understand how 
because we keep hearing that there is a currency issue there. There is overall some level of 
anti-India sentiments also. I don’t know if that does impact you. And overall economy also 
facing a lot of challenging times. So, in that context wanted to understand this acceleration in 
growth, is it coming because Parachute? has it taken price hike? and you do have a sizable 
Parachute business but in terms of volumes and market share if you could comment how are 
things shaping up there?  
Saugata Gupta: 
I think volatility in a post COVID world is here to stay and black swan events have to be 
integrated into any company’s risk management framework. In times of volatility, we always 
believe the strong get stronger and the weak get weaker, and it has been seen during COVID in 
India where organized players have gained share. In Bangladesh, we have a relatively strong 
position and we are extremely robust. The last quarter’s sales have been on the back of volume 
growth and market share gains. We have significantly reduced dependence on Parachute in that 
market through portfolios such as value-added hair oil, shampoo and baby care driving 
incremental growth. We have a much more broad-based business out there and therefore, given 
our distribution strength and brand strength, in spite of some of the issues in the country, we 
are seeing significant improvement in the on ground situation as far as our brands and our 
position is concerned. But having said that the Bangladesh situation is far better in terms of 
economic growth, and we believe the currency and economic situation will get better as things 
progress.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie.  
Avi Mehta: 
I just wanted to understand Project Setu a little better and clarify a point. Now in addition to 
this benefit that could come in terms of reach and hence to segment level growth rates, do you 
see it fair to see such a reduction in inventory lowering the impact of channels, down stocking 
or up stocking that is witnessed during periods of copra and vegetable oil price hikes?  
Saugata Gupta: 
The two things it does is, it radically improves the quality of distribution. Now what happens if 
you look at it as a core brand like Shanti Amla in the north and Parachute in the south and 
west, obviously, we will have a huge indirect reach based on pull effect. What happens is the 
moment you move from indirect reach and wholesale dependent reach, which also is a factor 
of a significant pull and only focuses on a limited amount of SKUs having significantly high 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
velocity, to drive direct reach, it increases your range, it increases your assortment, your 
control and it also leads to better rates because sometimes wholesale discounting and dumping 
leads to some kind of a rate instability. So, it gets far more controlled. Now direct reach also 
ensures that perhaps the cost of doing sales for entire rural will go down with our  technology 
driven live visibility of what is happening in the system. Also, as you know we don’t do 
sachets and therefore our portfolio mix is reasonably good in rural. Given the margin profile of 
the brands we sell, our breakeven as you drive rural distribution is fairly attractive. Now what 
had happened in reality was that post COVID in our focus on driving diversification, perhaps 
this had taken a backseat and therefore we didn’t make significant improvement in our direct 
distribution. We strongly believe that for mass consumption in the core categories, direct 
distribution especially rural will be a source of long-term competitive advantage as opposed to 
indirect distribution. In urban, especially in OT, you can buy distribution in some way. 
However, rural requires significant investment, infrastructure, even scale, operational 
efficiency, and huge investments in technology and this is what we intend to do. As you know 
that we also compete with a lot of small players who will never be able to do that kind of 
investment. And this is something we are now determined to do, and this will actually drive 
three or four things. It will drive range selling; it will drive far more weighted distribution. 
Now you know if you want to compete or challenge our ability to take on certain brands or 
when we are the challengers, it will be far better, especially in some parts of the country like 
north where we are slightly under indexed compared to south and the west. It will also lead to, 
far more of smoothening and lowering of sales dependency. We don’t have to depend on the 
indirect channel for some of our growth. 
Avi Mehta: 
But as I clearly understand, there is a lot more benefits in sales perspective and reach 
retrospective in terms of quality, that is what you are targeting. The second bit I just was your 
comments on pricing growth coming back in Parachute, vegetable oils, decline coming in the 
base, foods sector doing well, I just wanted to reconfirm that our expectations for FY25 are at 
double digit profit revenue and low teens profit growth remains or is there any update on it?  
Saugata Gupta: 
No, I think directionally it remains that way.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy from IIFL.  
Percy: 
Questions on a couple of the core categories. So, in VAHO there is still a sales decline. Just 
wanted to understand when will the pricing anniversaries and secondly even apart from the 
price reductions, I would guess that the volume is probably either marginally negative or just 
marginally positive, so what do we need for the volume growth in VAHO also to accelerate?  
And the same next question is for Saffola also, Saffola volume growth is not bad at I think 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
around 5% but there is a significant price cut which is going on. So, when will that sort of 
anniversaries on a YOY basis, it’s something that will help in the modeling exercise? 
Saugata Gupta: 
As far as Saffola is concerned, it will anniversarize in Q2 because the last price drop happened 
sometime at the end of Q1, it was initiated sometime in June-July. And our current estimate 
indicates low volatility in the immediate term as far as Saffola is concerned. As far as VAHO 
is concerned, there are two things. Yes, sometime during the next 2-3 months, the shrinkflation 
anniversarization will happen. Well, it’s not just pricing but it is a shrinkflation 
anniversarization because some of it was in our 10 and 20 packs because post inflation, we 
took down the ML-age. We are focusing on value growth and once that anniversarization 
happens, we get back into positive value growth territory. Secondly, there is competitive 
pressure at the bottom of pyramid. Without getting into exact details or breakup, one good 
thing is that since the last quarter, we are beginning to see volume growth and therefore better 
mix growth, driven by our performance in the non-bottom of pyramid segments, where we are 
also gaining some share, which should lead to the value growth happening. We also expect 
some rationality in competitive intensity at the bottom of pyramid because consistently pricing 
down doesn’t make money for anyone you know. 
Percy: 
Also wanted to understand on the digital brands, like in foods you have said that in 3 years you 
want to double the turnover. Any such targets for the digital brands? 
Saugata Gupta: 
Yes, it is 2x in 3 years for digital brands as well. Our endeavor will be that the diversification 
portfolio, which consists of Foods and Premium Personal Care grows at 20+% every year. So, 
that’s the aspiration. In digital we are very excited about the way Plix and Beardo are scaling 
up. I have reinforced this that we now have a reasonable playbook to ensure that we profitably 
scale up these businesses.  
Percy: 
And lastly on your overall consolidated margins, we are already sitting at very decent kind of 
margins versus history. So, over a 2-to-3-year period what kind of headroom do you see in the 
margins if at all?  
Pawan Agrawal: 
There are some structural levers in place which we will deploy as we go ahead and there could 
be some possibility of improvement of margins over the next 3 to 4 years. Some of the things 
that we can talk about is for example Foods, you would have seen that we have expanded the 
gross margin this year by 800 basis points. That itself has given a significant ramp up. And 
some of the initiatives that we had taken, was during the year and therefore full year benefit 
will flow through the year next year. Similarly, we are making big strides in margin 
improvement in digital business next year, also on the back of a significant enhancement this 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
year. Beardo has broken even, and we aim to move to double digit EBITDA next year. You 
would have also noticed that we have started the master brand campaign in Saffola which will 
help us optimize the A&P spends. And similarly, some rapid scale up in some of the 
international territories will build operating leverage and that will aid margins. Apart from that 
Saugata also spoke about premiumization. So, we will also try to drive a better mix. We do 
expect that the share of portfolio with higher margin profile will also increase, having a 
positive rub off on overall margins. So, with all of these levers in place, I believe that there is 
still an opportunity of margin improvement over the next 2 to 3 years. However, given the fact 
that we have inflationary pressures, we do not see any margin improvement happening next 
year. But of course, we will definitely strive for healthy profit delivery.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities.  
Manoj Menon: 
Before the questions I just want to have a clarification. So, did I hear correctly did you mention 
that the relative competitive intensity in VAHO is likely to get better? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
Hopefully, at the bottom of pyramid, as Saugata mentioned, because there is some irrationality 
with respect to the way it is happening at this point in time.  
Saugata Gupta: 
Yes, ust to clarify, that in any case, we will continue to focus in ramping up the slightly higher 
RPI end of the business.  
Pawan Agrawal: 
And also, just to add Manoj, in fact ex of BOP segment we have grown well. And in fact, we 
have also gained share in ex of BOP segment. So definitely we are doing a good job in the mid 
to premium segment. Because of hyper competition at the bottom of pyramid, is where we are 
facing stress.  
Manoj Menon: 
Pawan, BOP would mean only Shanti, or would you include other brands?  
Pawan Agrawal: 
Basically, it is Shanti Amla and Sarson.  
Manoj Menon: 
Secondly on the D2C I just want to double click on a couple of things actually. One, D2C 
brands are about 5% of the overall India revenue today. There is an opportunity to go online to 
offline etc. and even companies which have been predominantly online have created which 
means that company like Marico conceptually for the success proportion ratio in offline should 
be far higher. But could you just talk a little more in detail in each of these four brands, which 
and by when you actually see the higher opportunity from online to offline and is that one of 
the key considerations in the guidance of doubling of revenue in D2C? And another one just 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
the one last thing on the D2C part is, if you also talk about organizational changes if any, we 
did find one exchange announcement few months back of an EVP digital appointment as well. 
So those would be helpful. 
Saugata Gupta: 
I will just give you a more high level view on the movement to GT. As far as startup branch is 
concerned, food is far more easier to first get into GT. Because I believe that anything which is 
low AOV and moderate to low margin categories like food obviously needs to go to general 
trade or premium general trade quickly instead of being present only in digital model, 
nutraceuticals being an exception because nutraceuticals are high margin and high AOV. 
Accordingly, as far as brands like Beardo and Just Herbs are concerned, the focus should be to 
take some of the SKUs to GT. Just because I have money to throw, and I take big display units 
in the outlet doesn’t necessarily mean I will generating an offtake in GT. That might give you 
one-time sales, but it doesn’t necessarily give you long term repeat offtake. So, our approach 
has been methodical, and the first step would be to get into maybe premium cosmetic. which 
we have already done with Beardo and we have some contributions coming from GT, for Just 
Herbs its minimal. With Beardo we are already experimenting a little bit. And yes, there are 
two sources of competitive advantage. One is obviously the existing access to GT. But more 
importantly the fact that we now have scale in digital brands to enable sharing of resources 
costs best practices and the first party data, which we have not yet harvested. So it’s a 
composite thing and not just GT.  
Manoj Menon: 
And is it fair to say that you’ve already done the groundwork in terms of for example when I 
think about you have put ink on paper actually giving a guidance. Is it fair to say that you have 
actually identified which brands, geographies outlets SKUs, so you do have fair amount of 
clarity on the execution? Now obviously you have to just execute. So, is it fair to assume that 
way on D2C?  
Saugata Gupta: 
Again, as I said that we will do a lot of test and learn. Unlike Project Setu which is a very 
proven concept, to expand outlets; to expand distribution and it gives reach, as far as GT in 
D2C is concerned, it’s going to be a series of tests and learns. For example, sometimes it 
surprises you like a certain category, or a subcategory starts flying. I’ll give you an example of 
it. One of the D2C brands without naming; we are seeing huge traction on quick commerce 
now. We didn’t realize that we will have some, later we realized, it’s an emergency top up or 
an impulse and it can work. In Beardo we are checking out the salon channel. That’s an 
alternate channel and, hypothetically, we should also be open for looking at any inorganic 
opportunities in alternate channels tomorrow. So, we are doing a series of tests and learns. And 
therefore, to say that we have an extremely cookie cutter approach that this is going to happen 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
would be incorrect. le. One of our stated intents is that while we will continue to grow the core, 
over the next 3 to 5 years we will ensure that the diversification or decommoditization of the 
business keeps on happening rapidly. And in those areas, we will do some experiments. Now 
how much will be the percentage of GT, is very difficult to say but all I can say is that in food 
it will be far more accelerated than personal care. Because in personal care we believe that by 
just mere presence in OT and bringing it to modern trade itself is a huge opportunity. And as 
you know the other interesting thing is that even 2000 top cosmetic stores contribute a 
significant portion of beauty in this country.  
Manoj Menon: 
And one last thing if I may, I am not sure it’s relevant for a quarterly call, but you know it’s a 
platform to engage. I still get portfolio managers questions on if hair oil is a sunset category. I 
understand that this has been discussed many times in the past, particularly during down cycles 
in general for FMCG. And historically you have helped us with some quantitative information 
in terms of recruitment rates, lapse rates, performance of different segments of hair oil versus 
some other personal care segments particularly in the BOP etc. Could you just help us with 
some statistics to kind of continue to assume that it’s not a sunset category as it is perceived to 
be? 
Saugata Gupta: 
Manoj, it’s a 45 minutes presentation. I am happy to do it. All I can assure you is that trend of 
VAHO growth has largely trended BPC. In fact, its now been 20 years since I joined the 
organization and since then there was a note that the category is dying, even in 2004. 
Manoj Menon: 
I will probably connect with Pawan’s team separately.  
Saugata Gupta: 
Absolutely. Let me tell you another interesting thing, we are seeing good traction in 
international markets and some of the western markets too. I believe the more people damage 
their hair, the more people do a lot of treatment this practice will be relevant and come back. I 
look at the practice of this category just like yoga and having a turmeric latte. If you look at the 
today’s youngsters, they are far more proud of Indian music, Indian traditions than perhaps the 
earlier generations who were just looking up to west for everything.  
Pawan Agrawal: 
Also, if I may add Manoj, the three important consumer metrics that we keep track on which is 
the penetration, the frequency of usage and the consumption per usage. On all these three 
parameters we draw a lot of confidence looking at the numbers. There could be a little bit of 
lapses in the top SEC A section of the society but that’s not something which is a matter of 
concern. In fact, they are only moving to some better formats where also we are present. So 
purely on consumer metrics, we have a huge amount of comfort. And as Saugata mentioned, 
we can always have a much longer discussion in terms of to take you through as to what are 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
the broader trends in hair oiling. But purely from a consumer metric standpoint, we are 
absolutely comfortable.  
Saugata Gupta: 
The other thing I want to add, is that sometimes when the category growths are presented, 
when you add up the category growth of the organized players, in some of our categories what 
gets missed perhaps is the growth at the top end and the growth of the small brands or 
unbranded and especially during inflation. So, you have to add that as well. For example last 
year, we believe that people have moved to smaller brands because of inflation pressure, 
because of a lot of categories. Similarly at the top end people have moved to digital brands. 
Now they don’t get captured when you add all the volume growth of the large players and then 
you get a feeling that the category is slowing down.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark.  
Tejash Shah: 
Saugata, just wanted to understand the genesis of the project of distribution expansion because 
in recent past whoever has f gone down this path, has not resulted in numeric expansion at 
least in terms of sales expansion sales growth. So just wanted to know how should we think 
about that, this as a growth driver or this is a quality of distribution driver, or this is a margin 
driver going forward?  
Saugata Gupta: 
It’s both growth and quality of distribution driver. I perhaps would beg to disagree with your 
point because there are at least two or three players, peers in our sector who have significantly 
added distribution which has resulted in distribution led growth and contributed to some of the 
outperformance. If you see in volume growth or top line growth in the sector in the last 5 to 7 
years, two or three players that stand out will have all been through direct distribution increase.  
Tejash Shah: 
So today when we analyze our own data, numerically 16% of our distribution is total reach is 
actually direct. So, should we assume that a large part of our revenue is actually coming from 
direct or how should we think about over indexation of that number versus our current revenue 
base?  
Saugata Gupta: 
Usually your leader brands are dominant brands like a Parachute in the south and west and 
Shanti Amla or a Nihar in east. They can reach through indirect distribution channel because 
the indirect distribution channel likes to have a minimum amount of SKUs with tremendous 
high velocity. However, for challenger brands, newer categories in value added hair oil or 
some of the other categories which we want to develop for diversification of the portfolio, 
direct reach and retailing is far more important. Another thing is that ultimately general trade 
and the profitable sustenance of general trade is going to happen when you expand far more in 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
rural because there is a significant competition with OT in urban. For large scale 
manufacturers like us, we have categories with significant penetration in rural., Parachute for 
example still has a 12% to 13% gap between rural market share and urban market share. We 
have data to prove for brands like Parachute, Nihar, etc., if I don’t start driving distribution and 
direct reach the vulnerability to counterfeiting is extremely high as I have brand awareness but 
not brand availability. So, the combination of all that with the belief that our direct to indirect 
ratio of 5.5 is extremely high is why we are doing it. The average of indirect to direct ratio, of 
our peers is slightly lower because in the last 3 years we didn’t do that much in expanding 
distribution. we have taken tremendous strides in the last 2-3 years, in our cost management 
initiatives, driving analytics based spend models and therefore today we are very confident in 
terms of people effort, in terms of resources is available to proceed in a very focused sort of 
way. In fact, as we speak there is a dedicated team of seniors this one actually driving this 
initiative. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshen Thakkar from Fidelity.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. One was, just double clicking on your commentary 
around profit growth for next year. I think till last quarter we were calling out low teen growth. 
And while you’ve not called it out it did sound like you’re talking about low double-digit 
growth here. So just wanted to understand if the interpretation is correct and if so, is Project 
Setu or investments that you’re making there or elsewhere in the business causing this sort of 
lower and we’re all for good investments to be made. No problem over there. Just wanted to be 
clear on where the difference is coming from versus the previous commentary.  
Pawan Agrawal: 
So, there’s no difference Akshen. We definitely will strive for low teen profit growth but there 
are multiple moving parts at this point in time. For example, if you look at, we don’t know as 
to how inflation will pay out in key commodities or how will geopolitical scenario pan out 
which will have impact on crude prices and its derivatives and the corresponding impact on the 
pricing on portfolio. So, first of all for margin percentage, we are still saying that we will try 
and hold. Now depending on what is the kind of revenue growth, we definitely will deliver 
healthy profit growth. So low double digit is something definitely which we believe will 
definitely happen but will definitely strive for low teen growth as well. So, there is no change 
per se in terms of what we have said earlier.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
So, we should take it as a bound that you try to keep it within that range, and we should read it 
only as volatility in raw material and not that incremental investments in Project Setu or 
something else which is about…. 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Pawan Agrawal: 
Project SETU as Saugata has clarified is self-funded. So, there are multiple sources, we spend 
about 300 to 400 crores in various channel spends. And while Saugata said that we will spend 
about 80-100 crores, in the first year this investment could be about 20-25 crores. And taking 
out that 20-25 crores out of a spend of 300 to 400 crores is not something which is a very 
difficult task. There are a lot of inefficiencies which we can weed out and therefore we will 
reallocate the resources. So, this Project Setu will not have any impact on the profitability 
purpose.  
Saugata Gupta: 
Just to clarify that 80-100 Cr is over a 3-year period, it’s not 1 year.  
Akshen Thakkar: 
Secondly just wanted to leave you with a comment on really welcome the disclosures on gross 
margins for food and whatever the EBITDA margin targets for digital first brands etc. are. I 
think that just helps us understand margin drivers on your business a lot better from these 
levels. Otherwise, we come to think of 21% as historical peaks. But as I think you called out 
well that some of these drivers continue to help margins. Look forward to more disclosures 
around some of these businesses which are becoming less a part of your business. One very 
last housekeeping question from my side. On other income, there is a sharp dip this quarter. Is 
there anything one time that we should be thinking about in this quarter?  
Pawan Agrawal: 
Akshen I think it’s better to look at a full year number rather than Quarter 4 because of some 
one-time sitting in the base. So, at a consol full year level if we have to look at like-to-like, it 
has increased by about 10%. Specifically for the quarter of course, it has one off if you 
remember. base had a one-time gain on sale of land in one of our units which is approximately 
3 crores. And apart from that, also this quarter we have a lower investment income due to 
higher dividend payout. And additionally, there is a forex revaluation hit due to currency 
depreciation in Egypt and MENA. So, these are some of the one-off items in Quarter 4 which 
is distorting the picture. And therefore, it is better to look at the full year which is about like to 
like about 10%.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from Mihir Shah from Nomura.  
Mihir Shah: 
A quick question on VAHO. If you can again try and help us understand whether the 7% 
decline was largely because of high basic volumes or is there a price correction that was taken? 
I am sorry if I am asking again, I missed out on that part. Is it a price cut in VAHO that we 
have implemented or its largely volumes have contracted meaningfully? 
Saugata Gupta: 
I will just give you a construct. We have done relatively better in the mid and the premium 
segments. There has been a little bit impact in the bottom of pyramid which is a combination 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
of not price but shrinkflation and some volume impact. But the good thing is that since last 
quarter we have started doing much better and our focus will also be in that. If I had to do a cut 
between low RPI and high RPI, as the RPI moves our market share progressively reduces. 
Therefore, there is a huge market share pool which is sitting there. You will see during the year 
some more concerted action on our part to get that market share.  
Mihir Shah: 
Thank you for that clarification because I was just wondering if it’s pricing led then it’ll direct 
you for the remaining part of the FY25. 
Saugata Gupta: 
The shrinkflation anniversarization is also happening as we speak.  
Mihir Shah: 
One more question on margins actually. I am just trying to understand the waterfall on the 
margin because Saffola which was a low margin segment for you, Saffola edible oils was kind 
of in a very massive decline phase which is coming back to growth phase and hence it can 
ideally add on to the pressure. VAHO probably yes, there is some anniversarizing that is 
happening. But again, contribution will be lower. The positive swings will come from your 
new portfolio or the growth portfolio but add on to the project. So, if you have to hold on to the 
margin will it be at the cost of ad spends or there is sufficient room for that to get investments 
behind the growth brands can be run with the kind of margin swings that we are expected to 
see? 
Pawan Agrawal: 
So, as I explained earlier, margin swings will basically come from three-four things, one is as I 
said Foods. There has been a margin expansion in the current year and in the current year also 
these initiatives were identified during the year. So, there will be benefit for next year also. 
Plus, in digital business, we have moved significantly this year and there’s a plan to move to 
positive EBITDA in the next year. So that will all aid the overall margins. And similarly, if 
you look at VAHO performance, it has not been the best and if you are able to drive better 
VAHO and a better mix, it will also help improve the margin. Again, at the cost of repetition, I 
just want to clarify that SETU is not going to impact the profitability. It will be self-funded and 
as I mentioned that there are multiple resources. We will do a reallocation of resources. So that 
will not have any impact on profitability. Margin percentage guidance as I said, it is more 
about we will try to hold the margins, but we will be striving for healthy profit growth.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthik Chellappa from Indus Capital Advisors.  
Karthik Chellappa: 
I have two questions. First is on your direct distribution expansion of the additional 0.5 million 
outlets. Can you talk about predominantly which states will see this expansion?  

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
Saugata Gupta:  
No, we don’t want to get into details but as I said that in certain parts of the country, we have 
traditionally been weak, where our competition is perhaps relatively stronger. And which 
means that other than our top brand, the second or the third brand weighted distribution is 
weak because we don’t do direct distribution. So, obviously it’s not an all-India thing, we have 
selected certain things, we will go in a phased manner and it’s a 3-year effort. So, we will take 
couple of states. Then next 6 months we will take a couple of states. Right now we have started 
the test and learn. In fact within a state also sub-region and sub-cluster focused. And as a result 
we have also done our sales structure revamp just the way we have for the cluster kind of an 
approach, which is there in our sales system now, some of the other peer companies have also 
done it. So, it’s similar to winning in many Indias if you may.  
Karthik Chellappa: 
The second question is, as far as the gross margin expansion in foods is concerned of 800 basis 
points, what portion of this will be cyclical simply because of moderate inflation? And what 
portion do you think will actually be structural?  
Pawan Agrawal: 
Most of the expansion is actually more structural in nature. Let me give you a bit of a color on 
that. So, first of all we have improved the relative price index for some of our products in 
relation to the competition. That’s quite prominent. We have also moved to in-house 
manufacturing from 3P operations for one of our key product portfolios, which has helped 
improve the gross margin. Thirdly we have also reconfigured our supply chain footprint to 
move closer to the marketplace. That will optimize the supply chain and logistic cost. And 
also, now with honey and soya gaining scale, we are getting scale advantages in procurement. 
Yes, some part of it is also driven by gains in commodity but a large part of it were due to all 
the structural reasons that I spoke about.  
Karthik Chellappa: 
Just one housekeeping question. If I look at the others, under other expenses of 321 crores, I 
think this is the first time where in a particular quarter it has crossed 300 odd crores. What 
would be the key expense items which saw this rise? Anything specific to call out there? 
Pawan Agrawal:  
There will be some of the inorganic element of the acquisition that we have done, which is 
Plix. So, if you exclude that then your growth will be in line with the volume and revenue 
growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments.  
Pawan Agrawal: 
Thanks for listening in on the call. To conclude, the year has ended on a positive note with 
both the domestic and international business headed in the right direction. We expect an 

 
Marico Limited 
May 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Regd. Off: 7th Floor, Grande Palladium, 175, CST Road, Kalina, Santa Cruz (East), Mumbai – 400098. 
CIN: L15140MH1988PLC049208. Email: investor@marico.com 
 
Marico Information classification: Official
improving trend in domestic volumes through the substantial initiatives being taken to bolster 
growth in the core categories and sustained focus on diversification. We also expect to 
continue strong momentum in the international business while expanding the growth levers of 
the business. With pricing and currency headwinds largely in the base and commodities 
exhibiting an upward bias, the pricing cycle has turned positive. Owing to the above, we 
believe we have set the stage to deliver double digit revenue growth in FY25 and we aim to 
deliver healthy earnings growth in the coming year. If you have any further queries, please feel 
free to reach out to our IR team and they’ll be happy to address. Thank you and have a great 
evening.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Marico Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines.  
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
