                                                                                                                                                         
 
 
Ref. no. : Ethos/Secretarial/2024-25/18 
 
Dated: May 16, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code : 543532 
Trading symbol : ETHOSLTD 
  
ISIN
:
INE04TZ01018
 
Subject 
:
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of conference call
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
Greetings from Ethos. 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated May 6, 2024 intimating the schedule of the conference call for 
today i.e. Monday, May 13, 2024 at 4.30 p.m. 
 
In this regard, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call, held inter alia to 
discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
on March 31, 2024, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The same is also available on the website of 
the Company www.ethoswatches.com 
We would request you to please take the same in your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours truly  
For Ethos Limited  
                                                      
 
 
 
Anil Kumar  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership no. F8023 
 
Encl.: as above  
Anil 
Kumar
Digitally signed 
by Anil Kumar 
Date: 2024.05.16 
18:06:07 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Ethos Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 13, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges — BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and the Company website on 13th May 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV SABOO – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ETHOS LIMITED 
 
MR. MUNISH GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ETHOS LIMITED 
 
MR. MUKUL KHANNA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER -- 
ETHOS LIMITED 
 
MR. MANOJ SUBRAMANIAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR -
- ETHOS LIMITED 
 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 
 
 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
of Ethos Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date 
of this call. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involves risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Saboo, Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the Ethos Limited Quarter 4 and FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. I hope everyone had a chance to view our financial results and 
investor presentation recently posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. 
 
I am accompanied by our new CFO, Mr. Munish Gupta. He is a CA and an Executive MBA 
from IIM Ahmedabad with 20 years of expertise in construction, hotels, IT travel, start-ups, and 
FMCG. He spent most of his career with InterGlobe Group, establishing operations, 
implementing finance processes and making them stable and scalable. He excels in business 
strategy, operational challenges, performance bottlenecks and profitability goals. 
 
In addition, we have appointed a new Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Mukul Khanna, a 25-year 
business leader in consumer durables, telecom, and e-commerce. He excels in P&L 
management, business strategy, brand and revenue marketing, product management, sales and 
partnerships. He holds an MBA in marketing from NMIMS Mumbai and an M.Sc in chemistry 
from Punjab University, Chandigarh. He's also on this call with us. Additionally, we also have 
our Executive Director, Manoj Subramaniam on the call. On the call, we also have SGA, our 
Investor Relationship Advisor. 
 
Let me give you now an overview of our Quarter 4 and FY '24 performance. So Quarter 4 FY 
'24 versus quarter 4 FY '23. Revenue from operations is up by 21.7% to INR252.5 crores. 
EBITDA for the quarter grew by 45.1% Y-o-Y to INR44.4 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 
17%. PAT (Profit after tax) grew by 57.9% to INR21 crores. 
 
Now we're talking about FY '24. Revenue from operations is up by 26.7% to INR 999 crores 
from INR 788 crores in FY '23. Revenue growth is attributable to a surge in the high-end watch 
segment, enhanced sales of the preowned watch segment, and revenue commencement in the 
other luxury segment. Other income includes a fair value gain of INR 2.5 crores. 
EBITDA grew by 36% to INR175.3 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 17.1%. PAT grew by 
38.1% to INR83.3 crores. PAT margin for FY '24 stood at 8.1%. Inventory days as of March 31 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
stood at 161 days. Cash and bank balance stood at INR345.5 crores as on March 31, 2024. Billing 
from pre-owned CPO was INR66 crores in FY '24. 
 
Let me now give you some updates on the industry. Relationships between India and Switzerland 
have greatly strengthened recently with the signing of the EFTA agreement. India and the EFTA, 
a 4-nation European organization, including Switzerland into the landmark Trade and Economic 
Partnership Agreement to increase trade and investment between the two regions. In this context, 
India will gradually phase out custom tariffs under its trade agreement with the EFTA block. 
Custom Duty on Swiss watches is currently at 20% and 2% CESS on that. Under the EFTA 
agreement, duty on Swiss watches will be reduced to 0 in a 7-year period. This change is likely 
to start in the second half of this financial year with a 3% decrease in duty every year. This will 
improve Ethos' gross margins. More importantly, it will open doors for many more luxury brands 
to come in, for whom these rates were a deterrent to profitability and therefore, an Indian 
presence. 
 
We also expect availability and supply to India to increase. So we will witness a margin uptick 
and the advent of many large brands entering India and improved supply from existing brands 
as well. Let me now give you our focus in the upcoming years to come. Number one, increase 
in physical footprint. We started FY '24 with 54 stores in 20 cities, and we currently have 63 
stores in 24 cities. We added new cities such as Surat, Bhubaneshwar, Raipur, Mohali and 
Breitling boutiques at Pune. During this time, we also closed down 2 stores due to relocation. 
 
Further, we will soon be opening a new City Kochi, in June 2024. In FY '24, we spent INR38.3 
crores on the fit-out of new stores and restoration of existing ones. In FY '25, we intend to add 
approximately 20 boutiques. We intend to keep growing our physical network in the years to 
come. 
 
Secondly, improve our digital network. With the launch of the app and an upcoming overhaul 
of the website, we will focus on better user interaction, UI/UX, digital journey personalization 
and better service provided by our concierge with the help of technology. We will invest greatly 
in measuring each of these and move forward with maintaining the digital edge to provide the 
ultimate place for watch enthusiasts to research their watches and use data to provide relevant 
and unparalleled customer service. 
 
Thirdly, deploying AI. We have shortlisted 4 use cases of AI in the first year of deployment of 
AI, for which we now have a dedicated team, which go beyond simply chatbots and other basic 
AI tools. These projects require the training of LLMs and foundation models, which have started 
now. These models will be proprietary to us and will be deployed through our sales network and 
digital platforms in the next year to achieve, again, incredible customer service, through 
unparalleled presentations for customers, website research journey, visual searches and much 
more. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Fourthly, increasing strategic moat with exclusive brands. Exclusive brands provided a great 
moat and allow many advantages, including store rollout, higher margin and greater growth. 
Exclusive brands continue to do well, and we anticipate this trend will continue in the future. 
 
In FY '24, exclusive brands accounted for nearly 29% of our total sales from our portfolio of 51 
brands. Exclusive brands help generate higher revenue, and this also results in a high return on 
capital employed by businesses. We see tremendous opportunities as we continue to expand our 
broader digital network. We are constantly in talks and at advanced stages with several brands 
about adding them to our portfolio. 
 
Fifthly, large focus on setting the foundation for HR and greater professionalization. The need 
for the hour to achieve the 10-year goal of 10x revenue is to get great talent at every level. We 
will make investments into our training school for talent on the shop floor as well as investments 
into engagement of the HR to lower attrition. We will continue to invest into our design and tech 
teams as well, to enable the strengthening of the foundation for our long-term goals. 
 
Sixthly, brand enhancement and refresh. This year, we want to enhance the brand value of Ethos 
through a brand refresh and alignment to ensure it reflects the premiumization that we want to 
achieve. We will work with the best creative agencies in the country or the world to ensure all 
our brand touch points, from shopping bags to logos to smells in the stores, represent our 
ambition of the ultimate luxury and credible luxury destination. We want customers to choose 
Ethos before they choose the brand, and this will be a powerful shift once it is achieved 
whichwill allow us to achieve our lofty ambitions. 
 
Lastly, lifestyle preowned vertical and service department. With regard to the performance of 
the RIMOWA division. Our first store in Mumbai is doing quite well. As we said recently in all 
-- in our most recent results call, it has been profitable on a PAT basis since month 1. We see a 
lot of opportunities in this business. 
 
The lifestyle business, headed by Manoj Subramanian will sign up 2 more RIMOWA boutique 
that should be operational in the second half of the year or early next year. We will open our 
first boutique this year for luxury clocks at UB City in Bangalore, with a brand known as 
QlockTwo. We are now actively -- also now actively looking for our first flagship boutique for 
Messika in the country. We are discussing signing on more brands for this vertical. 
 
We have interest from large brands that spend over $700 million worldwide to enter India with 
us. Slowly and steadily, we will expand this vertical. Due to competitive reasons, I cannot yet 
announce these names, but they are extremely iconic brands. They want to enter the Indian 
market with us as the retail partner. The Lifestyle division will be a priority area for us. 
 
I am happy to share that the success of the state-of-the-art service centre in Delhi was extremely 
heartening. We now plan to open a second service centre in Bengaluru, which will be operational 
in the second quarter of this year, allowing us to expand our geographic footprint for service. 
We see tremendous opportunity in the service centre business. We shall grow steadily. However, 
we shall grow on this. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Pre-owned vertical:- We remain committed to growing this business and'll continue investing in 
it. We are working on removing the bottlenecks of service with manpower addition and training 
schools as well as regulatory hurdles which we are confident we can achieve. I hope this gives 
a sense of what we are going to be working on in the coming years. 
 
These earnings call now represent 2 years of earnings calls since we listed. We have given short-
term guidance till now to guide investors and increase stability. We will now focus on long-term 
strategies and long-term visions instead of just focusing on giving short-term guidance. For the 
upcoming years, we feel confident. And once the election phase is over, I'm sure there will be 
great success and we want to set this up as a foundation year for the next decade. 
 
Thank you, everyone. now with this, I open up the floor to question and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi Investment. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Sir, we are well in top line INR1,000 crores. First of all, congratulations to you and your team. 
Our net profit margin is around 8.33%. So any increased possibility in future, if yes, how much, 
this is my first question. 
Pranav Saboo: 
You have any other questions, just to list down all your question. 
Ravi Naredi: 
Yes. Second, as you mentioned you'll be 10 times in  10 years. So what strategy and how many 
stores we need? And how much more QIB you need because the QIB is always expensive. So 
want to know such thing. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Let me answer your first question in terms of profitability. I don't want to give a number of what 
we can and can't achieve. But our focus is to continue to grow our margins through operational 
leverage and through a brand mix change focusing on more exclusive brands, where discounts 
can be reduced, and the gross margin is much more. So yes, we believe that in the future profit 
margins can increase. 
 
Next question is regarding our 10-year vision in terms of how many boutiques we need. We will 
continue to grow the number of boutiques as and when the opportunity arises. We are -- all I can 
say at this point of time is that in the next year, we have 25 boutiques coming up. We have a 
clear runway up to 150 boutiques. Once we achieve that, we will once again relook at whether 
we require more capital, or we don't require more capital. 
 
However, whatever we do, we want to be very cognizant of the fact that we take return on 
invested capital extremely seriously as well as return on capital employed extremely seriously, 
and we will look towards that. We have seen a return on investment, and ROIC on our mature 
stores is already increasing. Almost all stores that have been opened are profitable and giving 
incremental returns on invested capital, which is how we want to focus going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Khush Gosrani from InCred Asset Management. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Khush Gosrani: 
I'm new to your company. So A, I wanted to understand how the pricing works with your 
exclusive brands? And B, if you could give some unit economics for your new stores ready for 
the breakeven, what is the payback period, etc.? That would be helpful. These are the first 
questions. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Sorry, what was the first question? Exclusive brand, what about... 
Khush Gosrani: 
How does the pricing work? How do you -- the pricing works with these exclusive brands that 
we have tied up 51 brands? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Right. The pricing is in our hand for -- the pricing is largely in our hands. Of course, we need a 
mutual agreement. But the all exclusive brands allow us to set the pricing in India as per what 
we seem fit. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Okay. Sure. And second question is on the unit economics of these exclusive stores. If you could 
highlight what the capex per store would be, what the payback period would be, and what the 
IRRs would be? 
Pranav Saboo: 
I didn't understand. What is an exclusive store? 
Khush Gosrani: 
Overall boutiques, sir, boutiques that you're opening. 
Munish Gupta: 
So in terms of the new boutique, it varies from boutique to boutique. For example, last year, we 
opened RIMOWA, and it's been profitable since the first year. In fact, the store was opened in 
October and it's profitable. 
 
For other boutique it varies, but all our boutiques are profitable, most of the boutiques are 
profitable from first year. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes. We have -- the way we look at it is that we try to touch 18% to 20% return on capital in the 
first year itself. That's how we target it. 
Khush Gosrani: 
Got it, sir. And last question, sir, how have your nonmetro city stores performed over the last 
year? 
Pranav Saboo: 
We're very happy with their performance. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Surge Capital. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Sir, firstly, a few months back, we have diluted our stake in Silvercity Brands in favour of our 
holding company KDDL. And I believe Silvercity -- what owns the rights to Favre Leuba, so I 
wanted to understand why this transfer? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Right. Any other question? 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Yes. Secondly, sir, if I look at our gross margins, so starting 2024, the forex has corrected 
substantially, plus typically, we get price correction from the brand in the first year from the start 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
of the year. So why have we not seen any improvement in gross margins in the quarter? And 
how should we look at it going forward? 
 
And lastly, on this import duty reduction. So you said that we expect a 3% reduction from H2, 
which will add to gross margins. So I think last quarter, there was this discussion with Mr. Saboo, 
that he said, in case of exclusive brands, we will keep the entire differential in case of reduction 
in customs. And in case of non-exclusive brand, it would be shared. So based on that, if you can 
guide to an extent like out of the 22%, that's the duty is going to reduce how much Ethos will be 
able to capture out of it. Those three questions. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Okay. Clear. Let's start with Favre Leuba. You see that, as I mentioned, 50 exclusive brands are 
currently required -- give us 30% of our business. I want to first start by saying what is Ethos, 
Ethos will focus upon India. Ethos' core competency is retail in India, right? Our long-term goal 
is to reach 50% of our brands coming where we have exclusivity and through strategic tie-up, 
right? So now if I -- if we are at 50 brands or  45 to 50 exclusive brands get us 30%, and we need 
to add another 20% right? 
 
We can either do it by adding another 25, 50 brands or we can say, let's take one brand and where 
we have a great see in the brand, where we have great influence in the brand, where we can 
design products specifically for us, do an extremely long-term contract as well as invest 
significantly in the beginning without the fear of changes in contract, etc. Then we can hit critical 
mass with one, and instead of investing into 45 or another 25 brands, we can do it by taking one 
brand to hit critical mass and achieve the next 20% with one brand. 
 
That has been the plan on why we said that look, we need one brand where we invest and control 
a stake, a significant stake, not a majority stake, necessarily. The rest of the money is going to 
come in from KDDL because KDDL is going to continue to do the manufacturing for the brand. 
The manufacturing know-how is over there. The retail part will come from us with the 30-odd 
percent that we have now in Favre Leuba will allow us to control the brand or influence the 
brand in terms of product, in terms of how they will be in India, their presence in India, etc., and 
grow the brand to become one of the greatest brands in India and make sure that we reach our 
goal of getting 50% of our business coming in through exclusive brands. That's the reason why 
the next phase of investment came in from KDDL, where they will do the manufacturing. Next, 
come to... 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Just a clarification over here. But we could have either ways transferred the manufacturing in 
terms of partnership with KDDL. I mean transferring the ownership back to a promoter group 
entity, don't you think... 
Pranav Saboo: 
KDDL shareholders weren't interested in that manner. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
No. But KDDL is a related party, right? So now if they own the brand... 
Pranav Saboo: 
They don't own the brand. They own on a certain percentage of the brand. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Yes, but they own 65% right now, which is more than what Ethos will own. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Okay, so? 
Ankush Agarwal: 
No. So doesn't it create a conflict because the deal was brought to Ethos, right, as a company. 
Ethos initiated the deal. They bought it and then... 
Pranav Saboo: 
Look, I don't believe that there is a conflict of interest. I think the Board -- both the boards have 
done -- have deliberated over this. The manufacturing will be the greatest investment that is 
going to be made. We wanted a manufacturing tie-up that is permanent in nature. The 
manufacturing of the factory, etc., setting up of the factory cannot be done by Ethos. We cannot 
outsource it. KDDL was not interested unless they own the brand as well, which is why it came 
in from there. Ethos is focused upon its core competency of retail in India. That's all I have to 
say at this matter. 
 
Let's move on from this. If you have more points, we can connect on it. Or if you have other 
suggestions, please let us know off-line. My next point to your thing was import duty margins. 
If we go towards 50% of our business Today is 30% (house brands), where we will capture the 
entire amount. If we go towards 50%, we will capture 22% of tax. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Why have we not seen improvement in gross margins in the current quarter given that the FX 
rate has corrected substantially in 2024? And we typically get a price correction based on FX 
rate in the start of the year. 
Munish Gupta: 
So in terms of forex, like we mentioned in the last call also, the CHF to INR at the start of the 
year was INR92. At in December '23, it was INR99, which was not seen historically. And again, 
now it's INR92. In terms of overall forex gain in Q4, we are positive by INR1.3 crores. And for 
the full year, the overall forex's, there is a loss of INR1 crore. As mentioned in the earlier call 
also that price increase was due from January onwards, and some of the brands have already 
increased our prices. From that point of view, it is fine. Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Smitesh Seth from Redean Securities. 
Smitesh Seth: 
Sir, out of the 25 boutiques, which are lined up for the next year to be opened, I mean, in FY 
'25, could you throw some light about in first half, how many of them are opening and a couple 
of them where we have signed it and some dates on the opening schedule? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Right. So as I mentioned, Kochi, which is our -- it's a 5,000 square feet boutique will open around 
the 1st of July. We already have another store in Pune that is already opened. We have 6 
boutiques which are lined up for opening in Mall of Asia, Bangalore. That's the landmark 
boutique mall coming up from the Phoenix Group. And that will open when that mall is ready 
to open. So it looks like it is going to be the second half of the financial year. We have 6 
boutiques over there because that is a landmark luxury mall that is coming up in –  

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Smitesh Seth:  
Has that been delayed, sir, this Mall of Asia, Bangalore? Has that been delayed? Not by us,     but 
by the mall operators themself? 
Pranav Saboo: 
The luxury floor is not yet opened. So the first floor is open, the second floor is open, but the 
ground floor (luxury floor) is delayed, which is why we want to open when it is fully thriving. 
So that's why there is a bit of a delay over there. So whenever there is a delay, it is usually a 
delay when the location hasn't been handed over to us. As another example, we should be starting 
in the next 60 days, Bangalore duty-free airport, that had a lot of compliance issues in terms of 
security passes, etc., which needed to be arranged and things kept changing, requirements kept 
changing over there, and that got us a little bit delayed. 
 
So the delay that we are facing is not so much because of internal management reasons, but 
external reasons where the locations aren't being handed over to us in time. But we have in -- 
we have also Dehradun launching in another 45 days. Kochi I, already mentioned to you. Our 
service centre should be quarter 2. Mangalore will open also before the second half. And our 
flagship boutique, City of Time, we hope to open around Diwali. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulations, Pranav, for a strong FY '24 and all the best for capitalizing on the big tailwind 
from EFTA agreement. I have four questions. What is the CHF rate at which the brands have 
revised their MRPs for CY '24? Number one. Number 2 is inventory, which has increased by 
about INR100 crores for the 10 stores that we opened during the year. This implies slightly 
higher inventory per store than the guided range. So your thoughts on that. The other 2 are 
bookkeeping questions. The employee expenses have increased this quarter. Is this in 
anticipation of the new stores that are expected to come up in the coming quarters? And last one 
is, what is the SSG for the quarter? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Let's start with the last one. SSG is 10% for the quarter., I forgot.Employee costs are rising 
because of we are preparing for -- number one, we are hiring ahead of time. Number two, is the 
fact that we are setting up even at the top management, first of all, more verticals which require 
upfront senior leadership to be hired, for example, for the Lifestyle division. For example, now 
in tech, we have greater hiring taking place to incorporate AI and for the app teams to come in. 
The results of this will be seen in the future, right? Because the app will not provide us revenue 
this year, but for the -- in the next year, it will be a game changer in my opinion. So for these 3 
reasons, new verticals, greater hiring at the tech and design level as well as advanced hiring for 
store rollouts because we've never rolled out as many stores in a single year that we did last year 
or in this year that is coming up. This is the reason why that is going up. 
Number two was your question on greater inventory. Again, we are signing on new brands as 
well, which are adding to the inventory right now. And that is going to be -- it will normalize in 
the years -- in the months to come because we bought the stock, but some of the stores are 
delayed. That's one of the reasons that, for example, our largest project, City of Time, it's taking 
a little bit more time, but we still signed on some more exclusive brands that will be inaugurated 
over here. That's why you see this, but you will see a normalization of this taking place. CHF to 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
INR, yes. Different brands have done it very differently. But the average price increase in the 
first quarter was roughly about 7% to 8%. Most brands are priced around the INR92 mark,  
Devanshu Bansal: 
So broadly at current levels, right? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Pranav, just a follow-up on this. I guess, December rates were like INR99, INR100, right? So 
any reason why the conversion rate was chosen to be lower? 
Pranav Saboo: 
First of all, again, it's about INR93 that it is, INR92 to INR93. Our exclusive brands are at about 
INR100. The reason is that everybody took a percentage increase, and INR98, INR99 was the 
last 15 days or the last 30 days of the month. So it was a more longer outlook to first get them 
to INR92, INR93, the non-exclusive brands. Exclusive brands are a little bit easier because we 
can move it up and down as we see it. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. I just have one follow-up. You indicated that SSG is 10% for the quarter. I noticed that 
your ASPs have actually -- not ASPs, but average realizations have gone up by about 20-odd 
percent. So any reason for this moderation in volume growth? Is it expected to pick up in coming 
quarters? Your thoughts on that, please? That is my last question. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Let me just talk about overall the numbers. You see the numbers vary largely when you look at 
-- if you remove the segment below INR1 lakh, which we're exiting out of, I just want to talk 
about overall the segment above INR1 lakh. FY '23, we sold 18,471 watches above INR1 lakh. 
In FY '24, we sold 22,000 watches, an increase of 19%. So we are looking at volume increase. 
One should look at the volume increase above the INR1 lakh mark and not overall as a number 
because, as I've mentioned in my previous calls, we are exiting the fashion category, the non-
Swiss category from Ethos watches, Ethos boutiques across India. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
This is very encouraging, Pranav. Just one feedback. If you could include this data in your PPT, 
then it would be very helpful for us to analyse that. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Sure, yes, I have this data ready because I know that this question will come up. That's why I 
have this ready. We'll try and incorporate it in the PPT. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Sonawala from Samaasa Capital. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My main question has been answered in terms of the 
previous participant. Just 2 clarifications. You spoke about in the initial remark, I'm not sure if 
you spoke about saying that you're going to introduce new store -- 2 new stores of RIMOWA or 
was that with relation with the QlockTwo in UB City and other Messika store? And my second 
question, second clarification was in terms of will the Bangalore Airport have the first -- is this 
our first airport store? 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Pranav Saboo: 
No. Our first airport store is in Delhi. And secondly, yes, that is correct, 2 more RIMOWA stores 
have been signed up in Emporio Mall in Delhi and Mall of Asia in Bangalore. It takes  6 to 7 
months of fit out period, but that is once they hand over the stores. 
 
So the other 2 locations have been identified. They have been signed, mall has agreed, brand has 
agreed. We just need the handover now from the mall because they are running stores. So the 
existing tenant has to -- in Emporio existing tenant has to move out. And in Bangalore, the mall 
has to be fully operational before we open. But it just shows that we are on an aggressive path 
to finding the best locations for RIMOWA rollouts. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Yes, understood. Just a follow-up, sir, just to understand what are our thought process in terms 
of airport stores? We see a few more coming, going ahead. And what kind of targets are we 
looking at for airport stores because I can see it's Delhi and Bangalore. So what -- are we looking 
at more airport stores. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Overall, I'm bullish on travel retail, and we are looking at opportunities in travel retail. And we 
have operated the Delhi Airport for a long time. Now we are entering the Bangalore Airport as 
well. And we will continue to operate in travel retail. And return on capital is quite similar to 
what we see in the company. In fact, perhaps even a little bit greater -- but again, I don't want to 
go into store specific numbers, etc., I think that, all I can say is that the company remains bullish 
on Travel Retail. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Onkar Ghugardare from Shree Investments  
Onkar Ghugardare: 
My first question is on the, in the PPT, you have mentioned that in Q4 '24, the online visitors 
have dropped at 50% and there has been a drop for FY '23 from FY '23 to FY '24 as -- can you 
just explain the significance of this. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes. I think the number one reason is that you see we've removed all the lower price point 
watches like Cassio, Fossil, Michael Kors, etc.. They are no longer on the website. So that 
removes a large chunk of the traffic because we don't want to focus on that. 
 
We want our focus to be on the higher price points. And on the core strength of Ethos, we will 
achieve the other smaller price points through distribution on online platforms and other 
retailers. However, we want to remove that on the Ethos website and focus on greater 
conversion. I'm happy to report that our business that is generated from it, is rising despite the 
drop in traffic, which is a strategic call, our business from the website has increased. Our 
profitability in that business has also increased. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
. I was asking, these watches are available on another platforms, right? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes. For us as well, we are signing on new brands that will be exclusively with us, but we will 
distribute them through online platforms and other retailers, which is the reason to set up RF 
Brands rather than do it entirely for store, where we want to focus on prices above INR1 lakh 
because it gives us better return on capital employed, and we want to make Ethos a premium 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
journey, Swiss watches, luxury watches, not fashion watches, which are made in China. I don't 
have anything against it. It's not a judgment call, but it's just not the same category and the 
category being separately. That's why. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
Okay. The second and third question is regarding -- the 150 stores that you want to achieve? So 
say like how many yours were targeting those stores? And third question is when you open a 
new store in a new city, like a couple of factors which goes into opening the new store, what is 
the thinking behind that, if you can briefly elaborate that? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Well we want to achieve 150 stores over the next 5, 6 years. But -- what goes into when we look 
at a store, when we are looking at a store is that, number one is, we like to see the amount of 
unaided traffic or unadvertised traffic that comes from the website to our city. Other markers of 
HNI behaviour, for example, number of Five Star hotels, the number of luxury car agencies in 
the city and data from our partners on what is their estimate of the business from the city on the 
basis of that we decide which format and where to go in the city. 
Onkar Ghugardare: 
In the last question, you mentioned targeting 10x revenue in 10 years. So roughly, I'm not telling 
you to give particular number, but that would be like INR10,000 crores. So it's of EBITDA 
margin, when can we achieve the other significant operating leverage? And what can be the 
margins going forward, not yearly basis, maybe directionally, you can? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Directionally upwards. That's all I want to say at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prerana Amana from PNA Capital. 
Prerana Amana: 
Congrats, sir, first of all, on a good set of numbers. I have 2 main questions. You guided for 20 
store openings this year. So are these all 20 stores going to be Ethos, or is it going to be mix of 
Ethos, RIMOWA and Messika? That's my question number one. Question number 2: Did you 
mention something along the lines of that H2 could be better, and were you highlighting 
something about elections? So, do you see any headwinds in terms of demand because of this 
entire election scenario? So those are my first 2 questions. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Thank you. Very good question. Yes, first of all, it is a mix of the 20 stores that are a mix of 
what we call mono-brand boutiques and multi-brand boutiques. Of course, the multi-brand 
boutiques will carry the Ethos name. Mono-brand boutiques will carry the names of the different 
brands, whether it is Breitling, whether it is Panerai, whether it is X, Y, Z or RIMOWA. It is a 
mixture of these, if not just Ethos or not only EBOs. It's a mixture of multi-brand and exclusive 
brand outlets. 
 
Next question is on the question of elections. Every time there are elections, the 2 months leading 
up to the election are a little bit subdued, and we see great numbers in the months after it. This 
is because of typically a couple of things. Number one is the Model Code of Conduct, which 
comes into play and restricts cash movement. We are allowed to sell watches in cash up to 
INR199,000 but the movement of cash above INR50,000 greatly restricts that sale. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
Secondly, we can't hold events because there are a lot of restrictions on what events are possible. 
The service of any beverage -- alcoholic beverages, etc.. Nothing is allowed. So event shows 
have slowed down during this period. However, it is always followed in the next few months 
with a great booming in it. That's why I said that the following 3 quarters might be better than 
the first quarter, but I must say April has gone well. We are doing well in May. And things are 
going to be exciting in the year ahead. 
Prerana Amana: 
Okay, sir. I just have another 2 more questions. I'm just going to squeeze in very quickly. One 
is regarding the volume growth. You mentioned that we have around 19% volume growth for 
the full year. And we have also seen that the average selling price has increased by 19%. So this 
ASP is on account of -- since we exited the under 1 lakh watches, is it because of that? That's 
my first question. 
 
And the second question you mentioned in the opening remarks is whether the 22% VAT we 
have on the taxes is going to be reduced over a 7-year period. And in H2, we will see at least a 
3% decrease in this. Did I hear this right? 
Pranav Saboo: 
The first question was with average selling prices. Yes, it's going -- the quantities should be 
looked at above INR1 lakh because they are exiting the price point below significantly below -- 
at least below INR50,000 we are exiting and every time the picture that if you look at only the 
numbers that are given in volumes without looking at understanding it, it seems as if volumes 
are dropping. Volumes are not dropping. Volumes are continuing to grow. We are just exiting 
the price point below INR1 lakh or below INR50,000. 
 
your next question was average, on duty reduction, duty reduction it requires 2 logistical steps 
that need to be taken. It is a matter of time in our opinion. We expect that the Swiss approval -- 
the Swiss paperwork will be completed in the second half of the year. And with that will be the 
first cut in duty, which is 20% plus CESS that will be reduced to 0%, so 3-point-something 
percent every year will be the reduction, which we hope -- which we expect should start in the 
second year -- second half of the financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Sharma from SP Capital. 
Kunal Sharma: 
So wanted to ask about the new stores. Say what is the payback period for the new store? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Payback period for different stores differs greatly depending upon which format. But as I 
mentioned, that we target a 20% return on capital in the first year itself. And obviously, it will 
grow in the years to come. That is our target with every store opening. If there's a form and a 
process that we follow when we make our decisions on these stores, And largely, we have seen 
that in the last year, these stores have been giving close to that mark, not 20%, but close to that 
mark in the first year itself and it always increases in the next year. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. So is it for the both metro and non-metro? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes, both. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. And recently, you guided that you just elaborate on the recent event on the election 
side. So can we expect quarter 1 to be normalized or subdued numbers during the quarter because 
of the... 
Pranav Saboo: 
It might be -- so let me explain this again. And for the benefit of everyone. Due to the election, 
a model code of conduct subdues the first 2 months. We expect April and May to be subdued, 
but June will be a big month. It might be a slightly subdued one, but we don't expect any effect 
on the long-term performance of the year. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. And then lastly, on the optionality business, could you just- you have elaborated 
about the- but could you just share your thoughts on Messika as well? So how it is performing? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Sorry. I just want to reiterate this so that it's clearly understood. Even if there is any -- we've 
already seen April. April was a success for us. It doesn't mean that it is going to be a subdued 
quarter. We expect greater growth in the coming quarters, and everything is going as expected 
in this quarter. I don't want to say that quarter 1 will be subdued. I just know that, I just feel that 
after the election, growth will be even better. 
Kunal Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. That's great. And lastly, regarding the Messika, could you just share some thoughts 
on the same? 
Pranav Saboo: 
So Messika, we had done a pilot project right now till now, which was inside our store at SMGD, 
which is Jio World Drive in Mumbai. That was a success. Now, we want to shift to a full-fledged 
boutique, which will act as a flagship boutique. We are very confident that we should be able to 
find it this year and hopefully launch one by the end of the year, which will be a dedicated 
boutique and the first boutique for Messika in the country. 
 
We want to go ahead with the international branded jewellery. We believe this will be big, but 
we want to take slow and steady measures. We want to start the first boutique, make it a success 
as we have done in RIMOWA and then expand on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Kumar Surya from Niveshaay. 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir, my question is, can you provide the breakup between like top 3 stores that will be 
contributing how much of a revenue? And sir, another question on the average selling price. 
Across tier 3 cities and tier 1 cities, how much difference would that be and the average selling 
price of the watches? Any guidance on that? 
Pranav Saboo: 
I'm not sure we are revealing this data on the first 3 stores in terms of percentage. At this point 
of time, we are not -- we haven't sent this out for competitive reasons. We prefer not to give this 
out right now. In terms of Tier 2 and Tier 1 cities, we see a price difference typically of about 
20% to 25% on like-to-like scores. 
Ajay Surya: 
Got it... 
Pranav Saboo: 
And if the brand mix is the same. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, next question, sir, again, a clarification on the Silvercity transaction. Sir, 
because now... 
Pranav Saboo: 
Ethos will focus on Indian retail. Ethos doesn't have the manufacturing know-how. It requires 
manufacturing commitments and investments that will -- that is not possible to do only by a 
retail company. 
 
Ethos will focus on retail in India and to grow from 30% in exclusive brands to 50%. We prefer 
to take -- instead of starting another 30 brands, we want to focus on one brand and make sure it 
reaches critical mass with a significant stakeholder in the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moon shoot Ventures. 
Vikas Mistry: 
And thanks for being the first category creator doing this in India. So we try to take some longer 
view of what we're trying to do. And we're trying -- just I want to ask you that a lot of luxury 
brands are coming to India, and you have done really good innovation work just to start 
RIMOWA right on time and Messika. Do you think that are you firing innovation engine, putting 
different boutiques or different price points to cater to Indian consumer? 
 
Are we trying to give ourself room to just fail in one or two kind of boutiques or one or two 
kinds of formats? Are we trying to just put that innovation in the right on track? How do you see 
this company to be shaping after 3, 4 years? And if you get this innovation, right, can we see a 
big thing coming out of here? 
Pranav Saboo: 
I'm not sure I fully understand your question, but is your question that, why are we setting up 
different boutiques for different brands other than... 
Vikas Mistry: 
No, no. Sorry for interruption. I'm just trying to ask that are we good enough with just 2 brands 
to go forward after may be 3, 4 years? Can we do further brands to take to India and ensure that 
our growth trajectory remains right enough? 
Pranav Saboo: 
So yes, I would like to just focus on one key signal that I would like to give is that we moved 
our best person in the company, the Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Manoj Subramanian, is now 
heading this vertical. The reason for this is that we believe that it will open incredible doors, and 
this business can be extremely large in the future. So yes, we want to bring on more brands. We 
will bring on brands; getting brand takes time, but then the brands stay with us for many decades. 
 
We are now, and as I said in my speech as well. One of the biggest brands in the world, which 
does more than $700 million, $800 million turnover globally. We are discussing bringing them 
exclusively into India with us. So yes, we do expect many, many more brands to come in, in the 
future. It will be slow and steady. We are not going to be restricted to 2 brands. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi from Sameeksha. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Pallavi: 
So it was on -- what volumes are we looking at for Favre Leuba. I think you had earlier 
mentioned 3,000 in the first and 10,000 in the next year. So would that be only India sales or 
those would be global sales? And then how would, KDDL be able to manage sales, globally? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Yes, 3,000 watches. Globally, it's about 2,500 watches. Manufacturing, it depends, 10,000 
depends upon manufacturing ability. The first thing is global distribution will take place through 
the Silvercity company. Silvercity is an independent company that will be owned both jointly 
by KDDL and Ethos. 
 
Silvercity, that is headed by Mr. Patrik Hoffmann, who is the CEO of Ulysse Nardin has set up 
an international distribution very, very successfully. He's the person who's going to be leading 
that distribution globally. The manufacturing will be done with the help of KDDL, that requires 
investments. The investment is not possible to outsource that investment. Therefore, it is -- 
therefore, the only way to do that was through the KDDL tie-up. Ethos will focus upon the India 
sales. 
Pallavi: 
What is the volume that are sitting for India, yes, that's it. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Well, India will be buying roughly 2,000 watches in the -- 2,000 -- or 1,800 to 2,000 watches in 
the first year. We don't know exactly for the second year. I don't have the numbers in front of 
me. We can circle back to that later. 
Pallavi: 
Right, sir. And the total capex, if you could give for next year? 
Pranav Saboo: 
For which company? 
Pallavi: 
For Ethos, just... 
Pranav Saboo: 
We don't have that guidance available right now. You have to come back to that. 
Moderator: 
The last question is from the line of Devanshu Gulati from Avid Investments. 
Devanshu Gulati: 
First of all, congratulations on a great quarter. I have 2 questions. The first one is, what is the 
percentage of your second movement business, the preowned watch business revenue as part of 
the total revenue mix? The second question that I had is, how long are these partnerships with 
exclusive brands? It will be different for different brands, but can you just give a general duration 
for these partnerships? 
Pranav Saboo: 
The 5 years with an auto renewal. We don't sign on now anything under 5 years without an auto 
renewal of another 5 years or another 4 years, right? So that means, if the numbers are achieved 
for 5 years, then there will be an auto renewal for another 4 years. 
Devanshu Gulati: 
Okay. And what about the second movement business, the pre-owned watch business? How 
much is that? 
Pranav Saboo: 
INR66 crores for the previous financial year. 

 
 
 
Ethos Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference to management for closing comments. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope that we were able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. If you 
need any further clarification or want to know more about the company, please contact the SGA 
team, our investor relationship adviser. Thank you for attending this call, and I wish you all a 
good evening. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Ethos Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
