 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 10, 2024 
 
To 
 
The General Manager,  
Department of Corporate Services 
– 
Corporate Relations Department,  
BSE Limited, 
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Scrip ID: 500153 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot No. C/1, G-Block, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip ID: GANESHBE 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference call held on Thursday, June 06, 2024  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Conference Call held on Thursday, 
June 06, 2024 at 4.00 PM (IST) with the Investors and Analysts. 
 
This transcript of Conference Call is also posted on the website of the Company at 
www.ganeshbenzoplast.com 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
 
Ekta Dhanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
EKTA 
DHANDA
Digitally signed 
by EKTA 
DHANDA 
Date: 2024.06.10 
22:12:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
Q4 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI PILANI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GANESH BENZOPLAST LIMITED 
MR. AMAR KABRA – GENERAL MANAGER, FINANCE 
AND TAXATION – GANESH BENZOPLAST LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. LAKSHMI CHALWADI – CAPITALSQUARE 
FINANCIAL SERVICE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ganesh Benzoplast Limited Q4 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Capital Square Financial Services. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone Please note, 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Lakshmi Chalwadi from CapitalSquare Financial Service. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Lakshmi Chalwadi: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of CapitalSquare Financial Services, I welcome you all to 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited Q4 FY '24 Earnings Call. Today, we have with us Mr. Rishi Pilani, 
Chairman, Managing Director; and Mr. Amar Kabra, GM Finance, to discuss outlook on 
business and answer your queries. Over to you, sir. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Thank you, Lakshmi. Good evening, everybody, and thank you so much for joining us for the 
Q4 and the year ended FY '24 conference call. We will start the call by taking you through the 
business highlights for the period under review, after which we will open the forum for Q&A. 
I hand over the call to Mr. Amar Kabra to take over the financial highlights. 
Amar Kabra: 
Good evening, everybody. This is Amar Kabra, GM Finance. So I will take you through key 
highlights of the audited financial results for the financial year ended 31st March 2024. So on a 
stand-alone basis, during the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the company achieved a total 
revenue of INR2,267 million as against INR1,927 million in the previous year, with an increase 
of 18% Y-to-Y. 
During the financial year ended 31 March 2024, the stand-alone profit after tax for the year is 
INR606 million as against INR509 million for the previous year, with an increase of 19% Y-to-
Y. During the Q4 of financial year '24, on stand-alone basis, profit after tax is INR162 million 
as against INR123 million for Q4 of last year, with an increase of 30% Y-to-Y. 
During the financial year ended 31st March 2024, the company achieved a total revenue of 
INR4,771 million on a consolidated basis as against INR4,208 million in the previous year, with 
an increase of 13% Y-to-Y. And during the financial year ended 31st March 2024, on a consol 
basis, profit after tax is INR614 million as against INR551 million for the previous year, with 
an increase of 11% Y-to-Y. So these are the highlights. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Thank you, Amar. We would like to now open the forum up for any question-and-answers that 
the participants may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Jaymin Modi from Jaymin Modi & Company. 
Jaymin Modi: 
Yes, I have a couple of questions. Starting with, I would like to ask that what kind of outlook 
the company is looking for the chemical sector for the coming financial year? Like what is their 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
own outlook for this particular sector? And the second is, should I wait for one or I should go 
ahead with my second question? 
Rishi Pilani: 
No, no, please go ahead, yes. 
Jaymin Modi: 
Yes. My second question would be, what kind of change in management we are looking for the 
chemical branch or a chemical department? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Okay. So Jaimin, your first question is about outlook in the chemical sector. See, regarding the 
plant and its products themselves, there continues to be a very, very strong demand in the market 
for the products that we make and we believe that now we are able to -- we are looking at 
optimizing the purchases and all together with the entire group, which is the infrastructure and 
other areas combined, so we believe that we can also bring some reduction in our raw material 
and project purchasing for the Chemical division. 
So our hope is that we can actually improve the performance in the chemical sector. For the 
change in management, we've already asked Mr. Ramesh Punjabi, who has been with the group 
for almost 30 years, and he was also instrumental in setting up these plants and running them for 
a long time. Currently, he's on Board as a Technical Director, so he is the one who is right now 
leading the team. 
He is revamping the team also. He's hired new people. He's from IIT Bombay. He's a chemical 
engineer from IIT Bombay. So he understands how the chemical plants run. And along with the 
support of the overall purchase and marketing teams together, that is the plan going forward to 
run the Chemical division. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yash Dedhia from Maximal Capital. 
Yash Dedhia: 
I had a couple of questions. Firstly, one the recent fraud, which has happened around the 
company, so what would you like to add on the governance or on the security part of the 
business? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Is that your question, Mr. Yash. 
Yash Dedhia: 
Yes, first question is that. 
Rishi Pilani: 
See having understood what exactly transpired and after taking the relevant actions, we have 
definitely now changed a lot of mechanisms of approvals on how certain approvals are taken 
within the systems, how there is interaction with the outside stakeholders, especially banks and 
other creditors with the company itself. We have changed the approval systems for payments 
within the company in terms of the limits for how much are authorized, and we are looking at it. 
So we have -- we are looking every day to understand what more we can do. But we are fairly 
confident that as of now, even if you see even for this one, as I have already stated in my 
declaration to SEBI and everybody, that the company did have enough systems in place to ensure 
that the company itself is not impacted financially by any of these transactions. So that much -- 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
so there has been no transaction that has been routed through the regular accounts of the 
company. 
There were enough checks and balances in place to ensure that no funds could move out of the 
company's regular accounts. So -- and no funds have come into any of the regular accounts of 
the company, so we have ensured all of those checks and balances already, we are definitely 
making them stronger. 
Yash Dedhia: 
So these ones came into a separate account inside the company book and then went out. Yes, so 
these funds were remitted into the company's non-regular accounts. It was under company's 
account or it was outside the company's account right from the beginning? 
Rishi Pilani: 
No, so right from the beginning, the funds were routed into an account that the company was 
not aware of, the company has not opened that account. Nobody from the company, like the 
Directors have not given any Board resolutions to open those accounts. And we have taken all 
the necessary steps to prove this also to the authorities, including -- and the authorities, including 
police complaints and civil court suits. So like I said earlier, the regular accounts were well 
protected. 
Yash Dedhia: 
Okay. And so the party who has given the loan, what is the stance they are maintaining right 
now? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So see, like I have already stated like one of the parties has already waived all its -- we've already 
given that declaration, has waived all this claim against the company. So there are about seven 
or eight parties out of which one has already waived all its claims against the company. We have 
already done a SEBI declaration of that. 
And for other parties, we are hopeful that we should be able to convince them to see reason. But 
if they don't see reason, then we'll have to go through the process, which we have already 
initiated of completing the court cases and then getting a waiver hopefully from the courts. 
Yash Dedhia: 
And in case if the decision is not in our favour, will the party in default from our end will be 
indemnifying the company or not? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Again, I'm not -- you mean the party who has given the loan? 
Yash Dedhia: 
Who has defrauded the company? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So they have given us indemnifications for any of their actions if that leads to any financial 
liability on the company. So they have given the indemnification to us, yes. 
Yash Dedhia: 
Okay. And on the LPG tank expansion plan, so where are we on the work and the approvals that 
we were supposed to get it from the... 
Rishi Pilani: 
So the work, like I've already said, the work has already commenced and the construction is 
ongoing. We are already installing equipment’s that are of fire protection and all that nature. I 
have already explained before also, so we are looking at increasing the height of the tanks and 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
for extra protection, building fully outer walled concrete tanks for which the file is moving 
through the various departments. 
As you know that almost last month or 2 months, most of the departments were engaged in 
election duties and all these things, so we are hopeful that now we should get momentum in our 
approval process and get it closed shortly. So that at least as soon as the monsoon finishes, which 
is somewhere around August, September, then the construction on the main tanks can start in 
full swing. 
Yash Dedhia: 
Okay. So we will be going forward with 2x30,000 KL plan? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes. 2x30,000 tons. Yes, that's the plan as of now. 
Yash Dedhia: 
2x30,000 tons. And the commercialization of the plant will be somewhere in FY '27, that does 
not change? 
Rishi Pilani: 
That does not change. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankur Sawariya from Equity master. 
Ankur Sawariya: 
So my question is regarding the Goa terminal. Has there been any update on receiving new -- 
because this is the only capacity that is not occupied as of now? So just to increase the margin -
- the revenue for the next 2 years until we get our LPG tanks operated, what will be the outlook 
on the increase in revenue for next 2 years, sir? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So for the next 2 years, there are a couple of things. Number one, whatever inflationary growth 
we keep getting, which is in the range of 5% to 7% per year that we are expecting. In addition, 
we are always, like I have said, looking at somehow getting a better product mix for the terminal 
so that we can get a better revenue per ton. 
So if you can -- if you would have seen in terms of throughput basis, if you see our throughput 
year, in the year before, was 1.658 million tons as against last year our throughput was only 1.4 
million tons. But this is because the more high-value product you go to, the throughput drops, 
but your overall revenue increases. So that is what we are continuously striving to do. 
Ankur Sawariya: 
Okay. And how much do you think the capacity would increase by increasing the heights of the 
existing tanks? Is this process already ongoing or is it yet to begin? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So that part, we are -- so wherever possible, we are doing that activity. But you have to 
understand that increasing the height of the tanks also requires a complete modification of the 
foundation because the load on the tank’s changes. So unfortunately, right now, or fortunately, 
we are in a position that we don't get tanks empty. Though this quarter, we have done a lot of 
monsoon revamping of our tanks in JNPT and also in Cochin. But as of now, height increment 
has not been taken up. 
Ankur Sawariya: 
Okay. So what I see is that the only capacity that is not occupied as of now is the Goa terminal. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes. 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Ankur Sawariya: 
So -- and what time do you think that the entire LPG terminal that we are doing with BWC, what 
time do you think you we can get it finished earliest? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Like I said, I've always maintained that we should start seeing revenues from it in FY '27, and 
that plan hasn't changed. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhruv [Mahesh 0:17:32] Bajaj from Smart Sync Investment 
Advisory. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Sir, before congratulating the company for a decent performance, I must say that there has been 
a serious dent on the investors' confidence in your company's corporate governance post this 
saga, especially. And I was under the impression that majority of the claim has been applauded 
rather than only 1 out of the 7, 8 parties that give us the loans. But regardless of that, my first 
question was that how are we giving exit to Mr. Ramakant Pilani and the Co, considering they 
have resigned from the organization? 
And we are unable to assess their shareholding in the business. So if you can explain the cap 
table on the promoter's holding company, where both the families must have some ownership to 
get an idea about like are they getting the business or how should we look at this going forward? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Okay. So just to give a basic idea, like while you are saying that it's only one out of the 7 or 8 
who have done, but you have to understand that this process is not an overnight process. So 
while all of us would appreciate that everybody would just wake up one morning and, say, Yes, 
yes, company is not at fault. Let's just leave them and go away. 
It's -- yes, it is a painstaking process. But I -- regarding your point on the dent in the corporate 
governance, I would request you to please appreciate the fact that -- if there was a lack of 
corporate governance, there would be money that would have been removed from the company's 
regular accounts, money the company would lose and we would go after recoveries.  
None of that is the case here, so please understand that, yes, while I'm not denying or trying to 
defend the fact that, yes, we have to do things better and improve our systems more. But I would 
also like for you to appreciate the fact that company has not lost a single paisa in this transaction. 
So that -- so somewhere we have done things right to assure that. Regarding Mr. Ramakant 
Pilani, yes, he has resigned and his son has also resigned from the Board. Overall, in terms of 
joint ownership of Ganesh Benzoplast, their family, as a whole, owns approximately 1% of the 
company. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Okay. That is very helpful, sir. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Rest all is not with them, it's with other promoters. So that way, there is no restriction or some 
action that they can take, which can sort of impact the company. So that is the thing that -- and 
entities and also important part is that the entities that are holding the common promoter 
shareholding, they are all controlled by us. So they are not under their control. So the controlling 
stake within those companies is also belonging to us. 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Got it, sir. Sir, I was just trying to understand in case they -- since they have exited from the 
business overall, so how will they exit their ownership, so that was the whole idea behind this 
question? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes, yes. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
And sir, is it correct to model a 7% to 8% revenue growth for the next 2 years given the full 
capacity utilization? Or do we expect that the new capex that we are planning to increase the 
height of the LST terminal will happen within these 2 years? So how should we look at it? 
Rishi Pilani: 
No, as of now, like I said, that already this quarter, we have undertaken major revamping of our 
tanks and also I have already mentioned that Cochin terminal was -- is -- we have been the L1 
bidders for a 4-year contract with IOC to store ATF and ethanol. So the tanks are being -- part 
of the tanks, the part of the tanks are already with BPCL for furnace oil, but part of the tanks are 
being retrofitted to handle ATF and ethanol. So since we are already doing such a major 
revamping work both in JNPT and in Cochin, we would like to not take the tanks down again 
during the year for more revamping and height increasing work. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Got it, sir. That is very helpful, sir. And sir, last question was that the other guy who forged the 
signature with Mr. Ramakant Pilani, is he a part of our management team or was he an outsider? 
So I just wanted to understand... 
Rishi Pilani: 
Outsider. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific Investing. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
First, I think congrats the way you have built this business in the last 7, 8 years and the plans 
you have. I have 3, 4 questions. So first, we know the LPG terminals will come live somewhere 
in FY '27. But for the next 24 months, if you can break into 3, 4 milestones, how the project will 
be executed, like the sort of time it will take for hardware settings and constructions and 
approval, that would be great? 
My second question is the same because it is being done through 3 parties coming together. And 
when multiple parties come together to execute something, there is always a risk in terms of 
things not going the way everybody is planning, everybody has their own aspirations. So how 
are we derisking from those kind of risks? And what are the risks you see? And my third question 
is so far on JNPT, I think, we have been able to operate and get that annual rental yield increment 
of 5% to 7% more than that. 
But given one of the biggest players, one of the most efficient player, they also have plans to 
come to JNPT. Do you see going forward, we will have the same kind of advantage to take that 
inflationary increase? I mean, in terms of per unit, are we competing on the kind of efficiency 
they have if we can get your view that would be great? So these 3 questions I have. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Okay. So your first question was to break up the milestones. So see, generally, what we are 
expecting is to complete the approval process by July and August, that is our first target. So that 
by -- within -- like I said, by August and September, we get into full-fledged construction of the 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
tanks. Generally, the tanks, the pipelines, everything moves parallelly in construction. And most 
of the design work has been completed by us already since the project is in pipeline for some 
time. 
So what we expect is that there will be no like major milestones as such. The project will progress 
like a normal tank farm project and take -- but it just takes about 2 years and it takes that. 
Regarding the 3 parties coming together, I -- while I agree that what you're saying is, there are 
different aspirations and it adds to the risk. But in our case, actually, the parties have been 
brought together to derisk the project in the sense that all the parties are contributing in their 
own way to ensure that the project is derisked, not risked. 
So like BW LPG, they are the biggest movers of LPG in the world, including India, having a 
fleet of more than, I think, 1,000 ships, big and small. So you have a supply chain, which is 
ensuring that their product movement will be there to the terminal. Today, in private parties, 
CPIL is one of the biggest off takers in the private sector and they have undertaken to underwrite 
the terminal to a certain capacity, which derisks the loans and other things that the project has to 
take. 
So I think in our case, we have actually a very good set of partners, very positive minded partners 
and all are looking to add value to make this a success. So that is my take on the partnership 
here. And your third part was that there is competition coming in JNPT, and that is -- so GBL 
has certain inherent advantages. Number one is that the land that we are sitting on is much lesser 
priced than what the new entrants are bidding and taking land at. 
So we have a very big competitive advantage in terms of the land pricing, the assets are already 
built, and we are sweating them for quite a few years. So we have an advantage in terms of our 
pricing, profit per KL in terms of pricing. And number three, none of the new players that are 
coming are building tanks that can handle class products like ABC class, the hazardous products. 
They are not building those tanks where our focus is to shift into those products more and more. 
One of our biggest volume movers is linked -- for the non-haz side is linked to the rail movement. 
And we are the only people who have the rail facilities at JNPT. So there, we have sort of a 
monopoly in holding that business. So we are fairly confident that while new entrants may come, 
but on a stand-alone basis, they'll not be able to compete with us here. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure. I think all workflows was very well explained. One last question. So this year, our 
throughput, and I think you mentioned also, compared to last year, 1,658, this year, our 
throughput was 1,404 and still we could do better in terms of rental revenue. My question is how 
much scope we have further left in terms of utilizing it? 
We have a 90% utilization. I mean is it like the premium mix is only 20% and it can go further. 
If you can give some color around it, I'm not looking for exact number, but how much scope we 
have to improve it further? 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, this is not a very simple question to answer because every time you do a product change, 
you have to work on the products, the customers, the sourcing and everything and get the product 
shifted. Sometimes we are shifting it from port to here, sometimes from, let's say, an ISO 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
container packing to a bulk container packing. We do a lot of these things. So all I can say is 
that we are continuously trying to go for that. 
And we are also -- like I said, this quarter, we have revamped some of the tanks at JNPT with 
that in mind, that we would like to handle more of such products rather than the normal non-haz 
products. But I don't have an exact answer as to what is the exact scope in terms of tonnages or 
percentages because these can vary. You can get a 10,000 tons commitment in a day and you 
may get only 1,000 tons commitment in a year. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. First is regarding our chemical business. So what is the current 
utilization at our chemical business? 
Amar Kabra: 
It's a 75%. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Okay. So what kind of like guidance do we have for this segment with respect to utilization for 
this year? 
Amar Kabra: 
See, now the management has changed for the chemical segment. So obviously, we are seeing a 
positive performance in the Chemical segment. And in last 2 quarters, there are certain issues 
with the Red Sea and Nigerian currencies. So we are facing a trouble with that because our 
almost 20% export sales is on Nigeria. So Nigerian naira was around 800 in last 2 quarters and 
certainly it went to 1,400. 
So there was a -- you can see in the results, there is a downside in the Chemical segment on the 
revenue side also as well as PAT level also. But this problem will get resolved in the next 2 
quarters. And with the new management and the new engineers and all these things, obviously, 
we'll see a great performance in the Chemical segment. We can achieve easily 95% from current 
level of 75%. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
90%, 95%, right? 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes, yes. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Okay. And my next question is regarding our LPG plant. So what would be the revenue potential 
from this plant? And how much money are we investing into this plant? 
Amar Kabra: 
In LPG, our estimated capex is around INR700 crores to INR750 crores. And it all depends on 
the throughput. For one throughput, we are getting almost INR80 crores of the revenue, INR70 
crores. And assuming 3 throughput as a reasonable, we can easily achieve around INR200 crores 
of revenue. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
And EBITDA margin would be somewhere around 75% to 80%, right? 
Amar Kabra: 
80%, in fact 80%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prabin Menon, an Individual Investor. 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Prabin Menon: 
Thank you so much for your patient explanations on the corporate governance side. I just want 
to understand, I have a feeling on -- I mean, what were the reactions from the recent investors? 
I mean, all these are top-grade investors. The Malabar fund there as well as Anil Goel in terms 
of, I mean, once they understand the corporate governance because I'm being a micro-cap analyst 
actually track all those micro-cap companies and also quite extensively write on blogs. 
What I understand from the company's stock price performance, I mean, which is actually below 
the QIP prices. How much of an impact in terms of the market sentiments on the current, I mean, 
the recent transaction is one of the questions that I have? The other question is I recently see that 
you already have an agreement with 63Ideas labs in terms of settlement pertaining to this 
transaction. 
What is the impact of the other maybe like 6 to 7-odd people involved in the transaction? I mean 
does that -- because the entire amount in consideration is somewhere around INR40 crores, 
right? So just a color on that. 
Rishi Pilani: 
So see, I'm sure that our investors like you mentioned, we have had calls with them and they 
have always said that they support the company fully, they've understood the matter, which can 
be seen from the fact that they are not out here doing anything, which can harm the company, 
number one. Number two, your question was that about the settlement with Idea63. 
So first of all, let me clarify that there has been no settlement. Nowhere in the declaration, we've 
said -- used the world settlement. It is very clear, we -- they have waived all their claims against 
the company unconditionally. So we -- it's because settlement sounds like you pay somebody 
something and then they do give you something, that's not the case. 
We have not paid a single paisa to them and nor do we intend to pay anybody of all of these 
other guys. Like I said, everybody has a different mindset. Some people realize faster that there 
is no point in pursuing claims against the company because the company is not at all involved 
in it. Some people will take longer and it will be a more tedious process. That's the difference. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ketan Chheda, a Retail Investor. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Can you confirm the debt for the LPG project has been tied up, have you achieved financial 
closure there? 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, we have already got a term sheet from one of the premium banks for the debt and another 
government fund has shown their willingness. We don't foresee any issue with raising the debt 
because, obviously, we'll have -- we have in our JV agreements proper guarantee mechanisms 
from all the stakeholders, especially BW parent companies, which -- and there is a clear-cut 
offtake agreement, which ensures that there is no chance of any debt default. So I mean, we are 
not bothered -- we are not really concerned that the debt -- raising the debt will be an issue. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. And with respect to the Mangalore port, is there an update? What is the status on that one? 
Rishi Pilani: 
See, Mangalore port, while there was a technical issue with the land allotment that there was a 
bid validity period that got extended, which the port overlooked. So we are trying to figure out 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
now what to do with that because technically, the tender allotment period had passed from the 
time the bid allotment was given. So we are working with the board to see what can be sorted 
out in that, and we are trying to resolve it. 
Ketan Chheda: 
So it means that given this technical issue, we will not be able to start the operations like -- and 
we don't have an outlook when this will be solved? 
Rishi Pilani: 
No. So right now, we've not taken over the possession of the land as of now. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. All right. And with respect to the JNPT port, we kind of started the operations here in 
1990s, so a lot of tanks would kind of be closer to the end of life and things like that. So all of 
the -- pardon my ignorance, but just help me understand how do we take care of the end of life 
for the tanks and like how do we keep them in the best of their health, the infrastructure? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So you will find terminals still in operation that were built in World War I, somewhere in 1918 
in India. The thing is that it's not that the tanks reach end of life, but just like every other 
equipment, they need a regular maintenance, which I just described that just like this quarter, 
we've done a lot of maintenance in our tanks in JNPT. So basically, what you do is there is a 
system of testing for the thicknesses of the shell of the tanks, which is done yearly and when the 
thickness is reduced below a certain threshold value, then what you have to do is that, that 
particular part of the tank has to be replaced with a new part -- with a new steel shell. So that is 
-- your question on how do you do it? This is the process to do it. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. So then everywhere we must be incurring some kind of a maintenance capex...So I was 
asking, so to take care of this maintenance, what maintenance capex do we foresee for FY '25? 
Amar Kabra: 
So on an average, there is a maintenance capex of around INR12 crores to INR15 crores per 
annum basis. And this year, it will be slightly more around INR20 crores expected, for '25. 
Ketan Chheda: 
At a consol level or only for the JNPT? 
Amar Kabra: 
For other terminals, I don't require much more than few crores. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay. So around INR25 crores, INR27 crores? 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes. Around INR20 crores, INR22 crores, yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific Investing. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Yes, I have a few add-on questions. So one question is on the other operating trading income. 
And this number is a little volatile, like FY '22, we had INR25 crores, then INR8 crores, then 
INR19 crores. So my question is, like is there a way to assume how this number will slow or 
this will remain volatile? That is one. And second is, again, on the other income side, I think FY 
'24, we had other income of almost INR16 crores. 
So what is the cash on the books? My understanding is when we are executing this major capex, 
a lot of that cash is going to utilize. So I mean, I just want understanding like in next 2 years, is 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
this other income is going to go down? How this will shape up, these 2 questions by questions I 
have? 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes. So other operating income includes mainly the -- you can say, the new activity started in 
the current year '23-'24, that is a collection of wharfage with J M Baxi. So that is coming to your 
top line. So after rental income, that is your other income, you can say. So around INR15 crores 
was the top line for that wharfage income. 
And other part constitutes the interest income and some trading activities, some EPC, one small 
contract going on in the stand-alone contract -- stand-alone balance sheet of the GBL, so that all 
the combine constitutes that other operating income. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Okay. So this INR15 crores, is it consistent? And is it also on equal kind of EBITDA margin or 
is it too low in terms of EBITDA margin to consider? 
Rishi Pilani: 
No. So this -- why we especially make sure to carve this out is because, a, this income is 
something that is noncore business related, but it's like complementary services, sometimes 
when you provide to your customers, which are not really high margin. But you do it as a part 
like what Amar just now explained, like when J M Baxi took over one of the jetties in JNPT, so 
we provided this additional service to the customers that we will, as a console, collect the rent 
and the wharfage and everything, and you just see a single invoice. You are not seeing -- you're 
not dealing with multiple parties in this. So the customers like that, but in that, we don't really 
make any margin on the wharfage side. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Got it. So the volatility in this other income will not be impacting the profit? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes, yes. So we -- so this part should be considered like just as other income, which is not going 
to have a high margin nor does it have any significant stability in terms of continuity because if 
tomorrow, we decide that it's just too much work to collect wharfage on behalf of J M Baxi and 
pay J M and collect, we may just tell the customer, you please go and deal with them directly. 
Amar Kabra: 
So hardly there is 4% to 5% of margin in this wharfage. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Naveen from NS Capital. 
Naveen: 
My question is on the storage tank, sir. Is it possible that you can provide an approximate split 
of the various compounds that are getting stored? Like we have seen from the presentation that 
there are glass products, there are edible oils, then there are industrial chemicals? Just an 
approximate color on which one is getting stored majorly? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Majorly, as of now, you can -- see I would like to stick to a broader rather than a detailed breakup, 
a broader breakup is, you can assume that as of now, about 60% to 65% of our products are haz 
and about 30% to 35% are non-haz. 
Naveen: 
Non-haz when you say, you mean class A, B and C, sir? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Non-haz is non-hazardous, so those are the edible oils, molasses and other oils. 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Naveen: 
Okay. Okay. 60% is haz and 40% is non-haz? 
Rishi Pilani: 
Yes, yes, yes. 
Naveen: 
Yes. And the increase in height of these tanks, is it for the present tanks or is it for converting it 
into storing the LPG, sir? I assume the LPG is a different set of tanks altogether maybe a pressure 
vessel kind... 
Rishi Pilani: 
LPG is different set of tanks that has nothing to do with the increase in the height of tanks. That 
is -- that, like I said, that is a separate activity to be taken up to increase the capacity of the 
existing tanks. 
Naveen: 
Got it. Got it. And my last question is, sir, since this LPG is coming live only in '27, so what 
would be the revenue -- what would be the sources of revenue growth between now and FY '27, 
sir? 
Rishi Pilani: 
So see, between now and FY '27, like I said, we are looking at increasing our margins through 
the change of chemical, the product mixes. We are hopeful that with the new system and 
governance we have put into Chemical division, we should be able to get a growth of at least 
10% to 15% there, which was like a stuck up due to bottlenecks. And of course, we are always 
looking out for new areas to expand and develop. So that always remains open on the cards. 
Naveen: 
Appreciate that, sir. I take this opportunity to also tell you that we are all standing with you on 
this tough time when you wade through the fraud case and we would like to see you come out 
even more stronger. Thank you. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Thank you so much. Thank you very much. 
Amar Kabra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Poonam Mali, Individual Investor. 
Poonam Mali: 
So I would like to bring your attention to the auditors' report. So why did the auditor refrain from 
auditing the financial statements of the 6 subsidiaries and the two associate companies? 
Amar Kabra: 
See, there are two audit reports. One, the audit report by the individual auditors of the 
subsidiaries and that audit report has been consolidated into the parent company's audit report. 
So obviously, the parent company's auditors cannot go and to see the entire auditing and entire 
accounts of the subsidiary. 
So they -- it's a general comment. In all the balance sheet, you can see that we have just gone 
through the audit reports of the auditor, and we have not gone through the entire auditing of the 
subsidiaries. So that is standard procedure. And whatever comment the subsidiaries auditor has 
passed in their audit report they had incorporated. So that's it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Suraj Gupta from Rabbit Research. 

 
 
Ganesh Benzoplast Limited 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Suraj Gupta: 
Just one question. So if we see quarter-on-quarter, sir, this quarter we've seen that the margin 
has been impacted due to the chemical division. So can you please highlight or give some light 
on that? I've joined the call a bit late. 
Amar Kabra: 
Yes, yes, so this question I already answered, but I'm repeating again. So since in the last 2 
quarters, like December quarter also we have faced the problem in Chemical division and in 
March quarter also we have faced this problem. Our 20% of the deemed export is to Nigeria. 
And you have seen that Nigerian currency, which is naira was around 800 in November and 
December 2023, and it went to 1,450-something for U.S. dollar. 
So due to that, there were no hugely available for the Nigerians to remit. So that is one of the 
issue. Then other issues is that Red Sea issues and problem in the Middle East, so all these have 
impacted our chemical division. But I think gradually, from second quarter onwards, we are 
overcoming with all these bottlenecks and we'll return back to our original sales. And obviously, 
with the new management, we will get better efficiency as compared to the past quarter in 
Chemical segment. So this is a temporary phenomenon. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sudhir Padiyar from Otium Capital Partners. 
Sudhir Padiyar: 
I'm sorry, most of my questions have already been taken up. I'll join the queue if there are any 
further questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we'll take that as our last question. I'll now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rishi Pilani: 
Thank you. I would again like to thank everybody for joining us and taking out their time this 
evening for our conference. We remain available to answer any further questions, feel free to 
contact us, and we will be happy to answer all questions. Thank you so much. 
Amar Kabra: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of CapitalSquare Financial Services, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
DISCLAIMER: This is the output of transcribing from an audio recording. Although the transcription is largely accurate, in some cases it is 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. 
 
 
 
 
 
