,· 
' 
Regd. Office : 
ROYAL ORCHID HOTELS LTD., 
1, Golf Avenue, Adjoining KGA Golf Course, 
HAL Airport Road, Kodihalli, Bangalore - 560 008, India. 
T +91 80 41783000, F : +91 80 252 03366 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
Date: June 08, 2024 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532699 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
GIN : L55101KA1986PLC007392 
email : investors@royalorchidhotels.com 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: ROHL TD 
Re: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2024 
Pursuant to 
Regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings 
conference call for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 held on Jurie 
05, 2024 for your information and records. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company 
www.royalorchidhotels.com. 
Thanking You. 
Encl: As abov 

 
 
 
Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd 
 
Q4 & FY24 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Mr. Chander K. Baljee - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Philip Logan - Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Amit Jaiswal - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Arjun Baljee - President 
Mr. Keshav Baljee - Non Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY'24 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Royal Orchid Hotels Limited. Today 
on the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Chander K. 
Baljee, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Philip Logan, Chief 
Operating Officer; Mr. Amit Jaiswal, Chief Financial Officer; and 
we also have with us for the first time, Mr. Arjun Baljee. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
and performance highlights for the quarter and the year that went 
by, and the growth plans and vision for the coming year, post which 
we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for 
joining us for the Royal Orchid Hotels Limited earnings conference 
call for the fourth quarter and annual results for the financial year 
'23-'24. 
 
Please note that Q4 '24 and the annual results, press release and 
investor presentation are available on the exchanges. I hope you had 
the opportunity to browse through the highlights of the performance. 
In this financial year, we have seen good business, which is 
evidenced from the financial results of this quarter and for the full 
financial year '23-'24. 
 
In fact, we have built on the success and have added three hotels 
with 131 keys in Q4 '24, and we have added 1,170 keys since April 
'23. The company is growing with a strong business model, mix of 
owned and leased hotels and managed hotels and effective risk 
mitigation strategy. We are working to post better margins than what 
our company has witnessed in the recent past. 
 
Financial highlights for the company on the fourth quarter and for 
the year ended 31st March '24 on a stand-alone basis are as follows. 
Stand-alone: Stand-alone income for '23-'24 was ₹198.29 crores as 
compared to ₹176.62 crores in '22-'23, a growth of 12%. Stand-alone 
EBITDA for '23-'24 was ₹63.05 crores as compared to ₹61.85 crores 
in '22-'23, an increase of 2%. Stand-alone PAT before exceptional 
items for '23-'24 stood at ₹24.62 crores as compared to ₹28.17 crores 
in '23-'24, a decrease of 13%. 
 
Consolidated: Consolidated income for '23-'24 was ₹312.7 crores as 
compared to ₹279.6 crores in '22-'23, a growth of 12%. Consolidated 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
EBITDA for '23-'24 was ₹95.16 crores as compared to ₹98.03 
crores, a decrease of 3%. Consolidated PAT for '23-'24 stood at 
₹50.83 crores as compared to ₹49.23 crores in '22-'23, an increase 
of 3%. 
 
I would like to highlight certain points before I give the explanation 
for our performance. The return on capital employed for the year 
'23-'24 stands at 20%, which is one of the highest in the industry. 
The company has reported an increase of consolidated PAT by 27% 
for the Q4 in comparison to Q4 of last financial year. The company 
has also got a tax benefit from the acquisition of 100% stake in Icon 
Hospitality at a cost of ₹34 crores. This resulted in reducing the 
overall tax cost of the company by getting a deferred tax asset. 
 
The company's EPS remains strong at ₹17.68 per share and there is 
a reduction in the consolidated debt by 29%. Royal Orchid is a 
dividend-paying company. In the current year, we have proposed a 
final dividend of 25%. The company has added 1,057 rooms under 
management and 113 rooms under revenue share in the last financial 
year. 
 
We will add approximately 1,500 rooms under management and 400 
rooms under revenue share lease in the current financial year. Now 
I understand that you must be thinking that while the consolidated 
income of the company has grown by 12%, but why the consolidated 
EBITDA has decreased by 3% and PAT has grown only by 3%. As 
you see, the company is growing, has to support the above growth, 
the company was required to increase its bandwidths of operation, 
for which it is required to increase its workforce in different regions, 
which the company did. 
 
The cost of the above started immediately where the revenue for the 
same will come in times to come. For this, the company incurred 
additional cost of ₹2.05 crores. This is a prime reason for cost 
escalation, which should be seen as investment for future growth. In 
the last four years, the company's assets could not be maintained 
refurbished due to COVID and uncertainty, which followed looming 
around the industry. 
 
Since the company did good revenues and profit in the financial year 
'22-'23, hence the company took up the same in the current year and 
started refurbishment required in the phased manner to maintain 
standards, which cannot be called CapEx in nature. The same 
resulted in a double hit, reduction in occupancy due to 
approximately we lost about ₹2.2 crores, and increase in the repair 
and maintenance cost of ₹2.31 crores, but the same were necessary 
to remain in competition. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
You can see the Slide 27 of the investor presentation, we have given 
workings of the Ind AS calculations. You will find that our profit 
without Ind AS adjustment are ₹56.73 crores instead of ₹50.83 
crores with Ind AS adjustments. These Ind AS adjustments need to 
be done, as per accounting standard, however they are not cash in 
nature. Hence, you will find that the company has got a very good 
cash profits. The management has set out a strategy to diversify its 
product offering, provide unique customer experience and work 
towards a robust balance sheet. 
 
I would like to conclude my opening remarks by saying that our 
company is doing very well. And in the long run, we will be a 
company to reckon with. We will be opening a new hotel with 300 
rooms in Mumbai during the year as we are looking to get new hotels 
under revenue share. We have a strong good capital deployment 
strategy, which will make our company very strong, and we will 
produce very good financial results as we move ahead during the 
current financial year. 
 
Thank you. And now we can throw the floor open for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. All those who wish to ask a question may use the option 
of raise hand. In case there is a problem at your end, you can put the 
questions in the chat or putting a request in the chat and we'll invite 
you to ask a question. We'll just wait for the question queue to 
assemble. 
 
We'll take the first question from Rahul Bhangadia. Rahul, you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Thank you for taking my question. You already kind of laid out the 
answers for some of the questions that we had within the 
presentation, and I'm really happy that you have kind of put out 
some more data also in the presentation, which helps us get some 
perspective on the ARRs and occupancies. So given that data and 
the explanation that you just gave out on the repair CapEx, which is 
not necessarily a CapEx, but had to go through the P&L. All of those 
numbers were in a particular quarter or broadly spread out through 
the year? I'm asking this because this particular discussion probably 
also happened in the Q1 or Q2 call. So I'm just trying to understand 
whether this was spread out or concentrated in one or two quarters. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Rahul, it was primarily spread out. It started sometime in Q2, and it 
has continued in Q4 also. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
So this roughly ₹2 crores, ₹2.5 crores hit on the revenue and ₹2 
crores, ₹2.5 crores hit on the cost line because of the repairs has got 
distributed over the year? 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. And also the increase in the employee cost also. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
But that would have been more to do with the future growth that we 
want, right? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, no. But the cost is coming in the P&L right now. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
That is sure. That is okay. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So basically, our cost has gone up. To that extent, the revenues have 
got hit. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Okay. And would that be the primary reason, by your Bangalore 
occupancy this year is lower than FY'23? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
A little lower as compared to earlier years, because some of the 
Bangalore hotels, we have been doing the refurbishment, getting 
some rooms down and not selling. That's why the occupancies have 
got hit. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Because we have seen FY'23 was 76%. Now we are at 69%. So that's 
a reasonable 10% drop in the occupancy itself? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
And that is entirely due to the refurbishment is what you're saying? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
So now if you could give us a sense of what will be the steady-state 
margins we are talking about because, as you said, we've incurred 
this cost. Are we through with the refurbishing? Is that something 
that we can take away? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No. Some is still pending. Because see, what happens in a running 
hotel, if you have to do refurbishment, it is a little difficult and time-
consuming job, which cannot be done immediately. Like in our 
Mysore Hotel, we are doing it three, three rooms at a time. Similarly, 
in our flagship also, we are doing a few rooms, like 10, 10 rooms at 
a time. You cannot close down the hotel. So it's going on. Some part 
will come in the current year also. But we are seeing a growth in the 
ARRs as such. And the occupancy in the current year may not be hit 
that much, maybe a couple of percentages, you will get it. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
So we are left with some part of it. Let's say, last year, we ended up 
to incurring this full cost of about ₹7 crores, ₹8 crores. This year, 
we'll have another ₹2 crores, ₹3 crores hit or…? 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes, absolutely. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Okay. So coming back to the basic question of what is incurring for 
all these costs and all, maybe some nature one-off? What is the 
EBITDA margin if the accounting for Ind AS we are looking for? 
Last year, we were in that 35% to 38% range. This year, we are much 
lower. So what is it that we are looking for both in terms of top line 
growth this year and the margins that we're looking for? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, in the current year, there will be a growth as far as the top line 
is concerned. So we are looking at somewhere around ₹370 crores 
to ₹380 crores in the current year, the top line growth. And EBITDA 
growth will be around ₹10 crores to ₹15 crores of EBITDA. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Okay. So this year also, then it looks like the cost structures will be 
growing faster than the top line. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
A little. It will be affected. But '25-'26 will be definitely variable. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
And what would be the primary driver of the cost increasing higher 
than the revenue because some part of the employee cost would have 
already accounted for it? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, most part of the employee cost has been accounted, but we will 
incur certain R&M costs. See, Rahul that last four years, we have 
not touched any of our hotel post, since COVID started in 2019-'20. 
So next five, six years we have to run the hotel and be competitive 
in the market. We'll have to do all the hotels in phased manner. So 
that is why I am doing. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Rahul, if I could just add, if you look at opening a hotel, let's say, 
we opened Mumbai hypothetically towards the end of this year, you 
will start hiring a full team towards the middle of this year. So you 
will have between three and six months of a ramp-up of the team, 
right? And you'll have at least three months with no revenue, right? 
So these are kind of taking a start-up cost towards the hotel. And 
then from day one, the hotel isn't going to be at the desired level of 
occupancy. Hence, what as Mr. Jaiswal was saying that '25-'26 is 
when you'll see the impacts of, say, the Mumbai asset. 
 
And I'm just limiting my discussion right now, the answer just to 
Mumbai to give you an example. So that is a significant revenue 
driver that we have currently, and it will kind of be a flagship of 
sorts. But '25-'26, you'll see that hotels performance come in, but all 
the costs will be stabilised by the time that hotel actually starts 
producing the number that it needs to. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Okay. But just one more before I come back to the queue. If you 
could give us a sense of this exact Mumbai hotel, what are the 
dynamics here? What is the deal we have to get signed, what is the 
top line that we're looking from here in a steady-state? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, the top line would be anywhere between ₹100 crores to ₹120 
crores that we are envisaging. And as far as dynamics is concerned, 
we have to pay a monthly rental, which is more or less fixed for five 
years of Bangalore rent would be around ₹36 Cr. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
And this, ₹100 crores, ₹120 crores top line will be at what? 70%, 
75% occupancy? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
80% occupancy. If it is 75%, we will do around ₹105 crores to ₹110 
crores. If it touches 80%, we will do ₹120 Cr. That's how the 
scenario will be. But Bombay, most of the hotel does well, above 
75% occupancy. So we are hopeful that we should be doing above 
75% occupancy. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
And besides these rental, what are the costs that we are kind of going 
to take up on our books besides the rental? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, it would be only the rental cost plus maybe a little bit of finance 
cost may come ₹2 crores, ₹3 crores of finance cost may come. 
Otherwise, there is no... 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
So the management cost has been taken up by the owners? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, no, no, it's not management, it is on rent. So the entire... 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
So that's why I asked. Since the hotel running itself will need people 
and power and everything else, that's why I asked. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Correct. And that's exactly what we're saying that the P&L of the 
Mumbai hotel, the P&L belongs to us, right? We will pay rent to the 
landlord for the shell on the building. The asset will open towards 
the end of this calendar year. And hence, as I said earlier that works 
are already on at full swing and starting the middle of this year, we 
will start hiring people and start incurring operating costs. 
 
Hence, what Mr. Jaiswal has said that we will see a little pressure 
on the cost side, going to your statement of cost outpacing revenue 
because the revenue is yet to come. But that hotel in itself is -- if 
you're looking at between ₹100 crores, ₹120 crores top line, that 
should be in our books '25-'26. 
 
Philip Logan: 
And just to further that, in isolation, we're talking about the hotel in 
isolation. I think it can't be understated by opening a 300 room hotel 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
at T2 Mumbai. The billboard effect of that hotel will give 
recognition to the brand on a great perspective. So it's important to 
see a stand-alone, but also important to understand, while there will 
be costs in the front, there also the benefit will be that people 
walking out of the airport will know that's where we are located, and 
that can't be understated. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
Sure. Absolutely. Yeah. My question was more related to besides 
the ₹36 crores cost. Let's say, ₹120 crores [Hindi Language] 
[0:18:46]. What is the other costs? So what is the EBITDA or the 
operating profits that you're expecting at the site level is what I have 
asked? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, we will be getting an EBITDA of around ₹15 crores to ₹20 
crores. The operating margins will be somewhere around 50% and 
when this cost goes. So around ₹15 crores, ₹20 crores, so definitely 
will be. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
₹15 crores, ₹20 crores for? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
For the whole year. 
 
Rahul Bhangadia: 
For the whole year of operation at that site. Great. Thank you very 
much. I'll come back. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Rahul. We'll take the next question from Sakshee Chhabra. 
Saskhee, you can go ahead. 
 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Hi, so my first question was, I wanted to just understand that the 
occupancy in the Mumbai segment also was down to 68% from 79% 
last year. So what was the reason for that? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
What we have given in our presentation, the Mumbai, that is 
primarily our one Navi Mumbai hotel only that numbers are there. 
Because right now, we don't have our owned JLO hotel in Mumbai, 
it's under management. So there that hotel also was under renovation 
in last year. Some part of it had gone in renovation, that's why the 
occupancy was down, but the entire number doesn't lead to our P&L. 
 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Sure. My second question was that whenever we do refurbishing, 
like now especially in the Bangalore hotel. So to what extent do you 
think we will be able to increase the ARR? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No. See, this refurbishment may not give us an increase in the ARR, 
because we are not spending heavy CapEx. It's not that we are 
breaking down the room and doing it. We are just doing a spruce up 
of the hotel, maybe like changing a little bit of maybe television, 
painting, polishing, uplifting the beds, those kind of -- very light 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
expenses. Because if we go for renovation, then it will cost a lot of 
CapEx for us. 
 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
Got it. Okay. And the Navi Mumbai hotel that we would be opening. 
So what is the range of the ARR you are expecting over there? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
We are looking at an ARR of anywhere between ₹8,000 to ₹9,000. 
 
Sakshee Chhabra: 
₹8,000 to ₹9,000. Okay. All right. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sakshee. We'll take the next question from Rishabh 
Shah. Rishabh, you can go ahead. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. And good afternoon. Drilling a 
little deeper on the renovation of the refurbishment part. So when 
we say we incurred an expense of around ₹2.2 Cr that just a clarity 
if that is for the quarter or for the full-year? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, that is for the full-year, not for the quarter. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
Full year. Okay. So if you can help me with the count of the rooms 
that would have been refurbished over here? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Roughly say around 100 rooms we would have done. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
100 rooms. And what would be the average kind of period that is 
required to refurbish the room so…? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
One room if we take, it takes at least 10 days to do little bit spruce 
up. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
That's not a major hit on the occupancy? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, it gets hit. See, 10 hotels 10 rooms are taken and it is not there 
for 15, 20 days, so the occupancy definitely gets hit. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
Right. And a similar kind of number we are expecting for FY'25 as 
well, right? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Somewhat. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
Okay. And lastly, so we have kind of seen heavy additions in the 5-
star space of late, and it is in line with what we had envisaged also. 
So any further, I mean, any strategy to concentrate more on that 
space? Or we'll kind of be spread out across 4-stars, 3-stars and 5-
stars? 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
So the major expansion will be in the mid-market space, but yes, 
this hotel in Mumbai will be 5-star, hotel in Bangalore is 5-star. 
Then we got Jaipur hotel and Goa hotel, which are 5-star. And there 
are two managed hotels, which are 5-stars. One is in Western Ghats, 
Belagavi and one is in Ambala. So wherever there is a possibility 
we will take that. And we are in discussion with one or two other 
properties also, which will become 5-star with a little bit of 
upgradation and all that. So I think there will be a gradual, but the 
major thrust is 4-star and 3-star. That will be the major thrust even 
in the future. 
 
Rishabh Shah: 
Right. Got it. I'll fall back in the queue. Thanks for the answers. 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Rishabh. We'll take the next question from Kishori. 
Kishori you can go ahead, please. 
 
Kishori Kadam: 
[Technical Difficulty] [0:24:13] quite detailed and comprehensive 
this thing. So I would like to congratulate you for the efforts taken 
in the preparation and transparency in presenting the data points. My 
first question is once the key hotels are back to full working 
conditions post renovation, what will the company level ARR and 
RevPAR move towards? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, if you really look at our ARR, okay, I would like to see our 
slides, which we have given. So we have done an ARR of ₹5,673 as 
far as the JLO hotels whose numbers get consolidated, okay? And 
last year, our ARR was ₹5,370, okay? So there is a growth of almost 
₹300, which is around 6%, 7%. So it has grown. So in the current 
year also, we are looking at growing the ARR by around 4% to 5% 
in the current year also. 
 
Kishori Kadam: 
My second question is anything firmed up on the new brand name 
under which your new 5-star hotels will be launched? 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
See, we are actively working on the brand architecture and because 
we have grown so rapidly that people are sometimes getting 
confused between the sub-brands. See we are Regenta, Regenta 
Central, Regenta Place, Regenta Inn. So there's a little confusion 
there in the minds of the customer. So for the 5-star hotels, there's 
going to be a brand which will be launched once our Bombay hotel 
opens. So we will be launching it with a new brand. And we are also 
looking at a brand in the smart basic category, which will eventually, 
we won't call it a budget hotel, but it will be really catering to the 
millennial crowd who are very tech savvy, they want a minimalistic 
decor, but everything very convenient. So that is also being 
launched. So these two things will happen this year. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Kishori Kadam: 
Okay. My third question will be, what will be the Ind AS impact on 
depreciation and interest in FY'25 than FY'26 post Mumbai hotel 
coming up? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Exactly that Kishori, we are also looking at the Ind AS impact. There 
will be definitely Ind AS impact. But right now, it is very difficult 
to calculate because it all depends when the hotels open. Till the 
hotel is not opening, it is very difficult to calculate the Ind AS 
impact. However, in coming quarters, we will be definitely giving a 
guidance as far as the impact of Ind AS is concerned. But if you 
really look at it, the company is doing good cash profit, and it will 
continue to do. 
 
Kishori Kadam: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Kishori. We'll take the next question from Chirag 
Singhal. Chirag, you can go ahead please. Chirag? 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Yeah, I just had one question regarding the refurbishments. So you 
have mentioned that there was a revenue hit to the tune of ₹2.2 
crores. Then there was an increase in employee expense of ₹2 crores 
and repair and maintenance of ₹2.3 crores. So employee benefit and 
repair and maintenance is understood. So what was the loss of 
profitability? So as far as I can see, there will be two types of hit to 
the bottom line, right? First will be the loss of profitability and 
second will be the expense, which is kind of a one-off during the 
year. So ₹4.3-odd crores is the expense, which would have return 
profitability. What was the loss of profitability because we lost some 
revenues during the quarter? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, any refurbishment when you do, that room is not available to 
be sold. So it hits the occupancy the immediate and it results in 
decline of the revenue. What revenue we would have done, it has 
declined partially to that extent. Plus, the expense, what we do for 
the refurbishment, it gets -- hits the P&L. So there is a double hit 
always because of this. And that is why you are seeing the cost has 
gone up and profit margins have come down a bit. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
See, for example, in Mysore, we have taken out the renovation of 
our Metropole hotel. So in April, we started -- we blocked eight 
rooms out of 30 rooms for renovation. And the rooms are now ready. 
As of today, the rooms have been released. So the revenue will start 
today. But last three months, we lost revenue plus the cost we've 
incurred on renovation. So this way, depending on the situation, we 
decide the timing of the renovation, then there is a little dip also. But 
irrespective of that some revenue hit will come and the cost in any 
case will come. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Understood. Okay. So broadly, just to reconfirm, ₹4.5-odd crores is 
what was direct hit to the profitability because there was increase in 
employee expense as well as there was some repair and 
maintenance. And then there was some loss of profitability on the 
₹2.2 crores…? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. You are right, you are right. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
And I just wanted to reconfirm on the guidance for FY '25. So for 
FY '25, how much such refurbishment expense you are seeing? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, FY '25 right now, telling is very difficult because as and when 
it comes, however, there will be some refurbishment costs in FY '25 
also and not CapEx. I'm talking of refurbishment and not CapEx 
somewhere around ₹2 crores to ₹3 crores, it will come. 
 
Chirag Singhal: 
Okay, thanks. Thanks, that would be from my end. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Chirag. We'll take one question from the chat box. Mr. Yash 
Dantewadia. You can unmute and ask your questions. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yeah, hi. So just wanted an update on the CapEx of Goa and 
Bangalore, which you said will be done by March '25. Can you also 
give some understanding on the multi-hotel sale? And also what is 
the PBT guidance for this financial year? Would you be able to give 
that with the Bombay impact that you're saying will come, right, 
because your costs will go up, revenue won't show up? 
 
And the Goa and the Bangalore CapEx, that is the proper CapEx, 
right? So that's also going to impact the numbers. So could you just 
give a PBT guidance for -- PBT, I don't want the EBITDA, I want 
the PBT guidance for FY '25. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, as far as CapEx of Goa and Bangalore one is concerned, that is 
not going to hit our P&L. Definitely, they will get capitalised 
because we are adding additional facility in the hotel. Goa, it may 
not come this year. It may come next year. However, the Bangalore 
one, definitely additional 28 rooms will be added that will come 
here. It's not going to hit the P&L. 
 
So as far as the PBT guidance is concerned, let me tell you, a big 
number depends on the opening of the Mumbai hotel, okay? So if 
the hotel starts operations from first of January, we are hoping, but 
works -- how the project work goes, the host of factor on which it 
depends. However, if it comes in the first week of January. So we 
are looking at a growth of roughly 15% on the PBT. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yeah. So this Goa CapEx is basically getting delayed. Is that what 
you're saying? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. It may get delayed because still, we have not got the plan 
sanction. So once the plan sanction comes, then only the work -- we 
will float, start the work. And suppose if the plan sanction comes 
immediately in a month's time, we may start. And suppose if the 
plan sanction comes sometime in the mid of September, October, 
then we might like to -- we'll take a call then and there, the 
committee will take a call, but we might like to delay it for three, 
four months because Goa, the peak season is November, December, 
Jan. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Also what I understand is corporate spending went down, right, in 
quarter 4? So how do you see this coming back post elections? Do 
you see a comeback in corporate spending? Because I do know that 
a lot of corporate meetings got delayed to post elections. So could 
you talk about quarter 2? Quarter 1, I know it's now going to be great 
from what I understand. But could you talk more about quarter 2? 
And do you think corporate spending is going to come back because 
I'm sure you're having a lot of conversations with corporate 
companies, right? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. Corporate companies, we are hoping that after the elections, it 
will definitely come back. So second quarter, a lot of corporate 
bookings, we already have started seeing it. Basically, the 
postponement of all the meetings which were scheduled in April and 
May, because of the election they have got postponed. So from 
quarter 2 onwards, we will see the change and the increase in the 
occupancies. 
 
Philip Logan: 
It's been not specific to one sector, pharma, banking, agro, IT have 
been the corporate segments that have been largely affected in this 
first quarter related to election and other activity. But certainly, 
forward group bookings are suggesting that it's going to be pent-up 
demand. So Q2, you'll see corporate travel coming back and 
definitely from those four segments. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
How do you see the ARR trend for the rest of the financial year? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See generally, the ARRs increases in third and fourth quarter. This 
year, we got hit a little bit in the month of March, because of the 
elections announced and planned and all those things. But this year, 
we see a growth in the ARR by 4%, 5% definitely. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Also, you were talking about smart hotels, right? Could you tell me 
if that's something you would invest in? Or would that be something 
you would manage because that's something I really want to 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
understand. Because I really think the aggression of the company 
has gone down quite significantly, right? That's what the managed 
property suggests, but I'm hoping that the management team 
growing, right? I mean, the new person, I think Chander K. Baljee's 
son has come into the Board, too. So are we going to see some 
aggression coming back on the owned property side of Royal Orchid 
in the smart category? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Mr. Yash, both sons of Mr. Chander K. Baljee. Mr. Arjun Baljee is 
here in physical, he is sitting here with us. And also his second son, 
Mr. Keshav Baljee also is there on the call. So I would like both of 
them to kindly speak up. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yeah. That would be great to hear from them. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yash, Arjun here. If we look at where we're spending money today, 
the company's funds are going predominantly towards the larger 
assets, be it Mumbai or a couple of more hotels are in the higher 
category, right, where the return on capital that we're measuring 
ourselves with, the return on capital employed will be very high, 
right? That's kind of the metric that we are looking at where we 
spend the dollar. 
 
As far as the smart hotel and the high growth category is concerned, 
we've got a bunch of hotels in our portfolio that are in the 3-ish star 
space which can easily be bucketed into a new brand, and that then 
has a life of its own, if I want to put it that way, right? But what 
we're currently defining is that how is that hotel product different 
from anything out there, right? How are we going to redefine, lower 
the value price category per se right, in order to cater to the younger 
demographic of the country. It's not necessarily business. It is 
business, leisure or whatever that may be, say, the 25 to 40 traveller, 
how do you create a new smarter concept for them? 
 
There are ideas. There are some test cases that we're in the middle 
of doing. There's a lot of technology that's going in. And we'll have 
a working prototype fairly soon. And then it's a question of 
conversions of a vast number of the hotels we have so that the kind 
of costs come down, the revenues go up. And we'll see how we can 
grow that through a management/ -- yeah, I think the management 
route kind of be the best way to go. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
We are also looking at the Gurgaon hotel as the smart. So we are 
working towards that. A lot of brand architecture is being good. So 
these are all work in progress right now. I think maybe by the next 
quarter, we'll have more clarity and we'll give you more clarity on 
that. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Mr. Keshav Baljee, would you like to speak? 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Yeah, sure. I am audible, Amit? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Okay, wonderful. No, I think just answering the question on 
aggression. I think in terms of management contracts, definitely, 
we've been very aggressive and we have added a record number of 
rooms in the last couple of years. If you look at what we were pre-
pandemic to what we are now, there's a sea change. We've crossed 
over 100 hotels. 
 
That is the good time for us to stop and pause and also look and see 
what is the mix that we want for a good growth going forward. So 
what happens is we now have a good fee-based income coming 
because of management contracts, and this is going to stand us in 
good stead even in downturns in the future. 
 
So that allows us to build a lot of resilience into our business model. 
And the second part about it also is that we do have a reasonable 
pipeline of revenue share companies, hotels coming up, which will 
add to the top line. And I think the point is not lost in all of us that 
this is a good time for us to capitalise on the fact that we have built 
out the rails from a management perspective. So it's a good time for 
us to also capitalise and take more properties provided that they are 
suiting our brand, and then they are also remunerative as well. 
 
So I think we don't want to be overly aggressive and take any undue 
risks. But I think we are being not cautious, but we are being 
reasonably aggressive when it comes to growing the brand. I think 
in the coming quarters as these new properties, which have already 
been outlined opened up, you will find that the revenue will also -- 
the top line will also grow in a meaningful fashion. Thank you. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Yeah. So just a follow-up on that. Basically, let's say, in the next two 
years, you are managing/revenue sharing/owning approximately 
150 properties, right? So your understanding of ARRs, geographies, 
RevPAR, occupancies, everything will grow significantly because 
you'll have a lot of data to add on, right? 
 
So will you be able to use this data and try to build the owned 
property thing again, like owned property space, because that's what 
other companies are doing, right, like Lemon Tree. They're using 
the data of understanding by managing properties, by leasing 
properties, and they're trying to build their own properties to where 
they see a high profitably, high ROCE generation, right? My 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
question is, will you be able to do that? And are you looking to do 
that? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yes. Just to get back to what I said earlier. I think the game is on 
return on capital, right? And if you look at, say, some of the other 
competitors, they've got a very clear asset-owning entity within 
themselves that is then funded by private equity or whatever that 
may be. And then you've got -- so there are very clear OpCo/PropCo 
structures and things like that within entities. 
 
Now would we do that? On a here and now basis with where we are, 
I think we've got our hands full with respect to spending the money 
that we have, right, and the debt that we're able to get, right, in a 
judicious manner, to grow using the revenue share model right 
across the Board. Does one necessarily need to acquire and own the 
asset? Well, you're not valuing the need for the underlying land 
value, right? So I think our focus being return on capital and 
EBITDA growth. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Just to add to that, what Arjun said is that you also talked about data 
just to inform we obviously are launching a revamp loyalty 
programme. So if you have over 100-plus hotels in the system, the 
data is going to be very valuable. And that is going to be one of the 
key assets we will build not only the fact that we are populated 
across the country, but also having that data. So that is going to be a 
key aspect. 
 
And yes, I don't think while we look at what the competitors do, et 
cetera, I think we have -- while we originally, now original day 
started off as an asset-heavy company, we took a conscious call of 
being asset-light. And I think that has helped the ROCEs in a very 
good way and also helped the resilience of the business model. 
 
And I think at this point, we are quite asset-light, where we do have 
some revenue shares increasing our top line. And then we do have a 
good amount of management contracts, which like I said increases 
the resilience. And our core holdings continue the same. So we do 
have some owned hotels which continue. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Also on the multi-hotel sales side, I didn't get an update on that, if -
- that would just be my last question. I'll come back in the queue. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
Yeah. We have been actively looking for a buyer, and as I've been 
mentioning over the last so many quarters. But we have not yet been 
able to conclude anything. But the last couple of months, there are 
at least some enquiries coming in. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Just like in the hotel sector in India, there was nobody ready to give 
a loan to hotel sector. There were nobody ready to invest in the hotel 
sector. And now suddenly, the last few months, there are a large 
number of people. In fact, banks are coming to us that take the 
money and interest rates were 16% at one time, have gone down to 
9% and there's plenty of money available without us having to visit 
the bank. 
 
So similarly, the situation is improving. There are enquiries coming 
in. But exact thing I can't tell you, like even in our case of our Powai 
hotel transaction took a long time, but then it did happen because we 
stuck to our price, we didn't want to sell it at a desperate price, so 
we are also sticking to our price there. And I think at the moment 
we get it, it should happen very soon. I can only say that. 
 
Yash Dantewadia: 
Thank you for taking all my questions. I will come back int the 
queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Yash. We'll take our next question from Rajiv. Rajiv, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Rajiv Gaonkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just have one question. What are 
our plans on banqueting side? Since that one area we don't seem to 
be focused on? 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
See, what we've done is, we've identified about 20 hotels in our 
portfolio, where there is large banqueting space and there's a big 
potential for weddings in those deals. So we have now started 
marketing those hotels to the rent management companies. We have 
printed brochures for that. We are putting a separate tab port in the 
website for that, and we are going aggressively on banquets. We 
have done pretty well as far as weddings are concerned. 
 
Our hotels are very good, and we are proud of the food that we serve. 
Because see in banqueting, food is very important. We are -- 
basically, our origins are good food in hotels and restaurants. So I 
think that has been a strength for us. I think we'll continue to do that. 
And this year, we are aggressively marketing it. And I think all our 
hotels -- 20 hotels will do very well. And we also have a booking 
software on metaverse we have, which is also a game changer in the 
way we take bookings, the way the offering that we give to our 
guests or so. 
 
And a unique thing called honeymoon package where if somebody 
has a wedding in one of our hotels, then he gets a free honeymoon 
in some of our holiday destinations, where we have got a large 
number, today, we have a large number of holiday destinations. We 
have got hill stations, we have got wildlife destination, we have got 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
beach destination, we have got heritage properties. So this diverse 
portfolio of this thing is there. And so we're going to work with the 
wedding hotels and this holiday destination to make a very good 
offering to the customers. 
 
Rajiv Gaonkar: 
Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Sarvesh. Sarvesh, you can go 
ahead please. Sarvesh Gupta? 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
If I look into your performance for the quarter as well as for the full-
year, it seems to be pretty -- the growth rates have been much more 
low compared to the industry and compared to many of your peers 
who are also listed. So and that is even after adjusting some of these 
one-offs that you spoke about, the revenue opportunity loss plus the 
repair cost. 
 
So is it because of the segment that you cater to that is not coming 
out? Or is it because of the mix of business and leisure that you have 
in your portfolio? So somehow your portfolio seems to be not firing 
as much as what we have seen amongst your peers. And I couldn't 
understand why it should happen. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
There is no really peer comparison. Because if you compare any two 
hotel companies with us, the mix is very, very different. If a 
company has a large number of owned hotels and in the upside -- 
upturn of the economy, that give you much more revenue and 
profits. Like in our hotels also what we call JLO hotels, joint venture 
leased and owned hotels, right? When there's an upside, then you'll 
get much more than what you'll get. 
 
We have a large number of managed hotels, where the upside will 
come only in small measures. So there can't be really a peer 
comparison. But as our CFO mentioned that if you see ROCE, there 
we are better than the peers. So that is what is required to be seen 
also and not just that, okay, so and so hotels have done much better 
in terms of revenue. If he's got a larger mix of owned hotel, then his 
revenue growth will be much more than our revenue growth because 
ours is largely managed hotels. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
In the managed hotel, which is what you have been growing mostly 
with in the recent times, do you have any inflation-linked contracts 
or these are like contracts which will have the same fee for many 
years? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
They are percentage-based contracts, so it's a percentage of top line, 
percentage of middle line, that's what your -- these management 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd (ROHL) 
Q4 & FY24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2024 03:30 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
contracts are based on. So if ARR goes up, revenue goes up, then 
we earn more. 
 
Philip Logan: 
And I think it must be seen that Royal Orchid post-COVID, the 
number of hotels has doubled. And the number of hotels we've taken 
in the last 12 months and the pipeline that's been announced. These 
hotels take three, six, 12 months to get to a level of stability. So 
income is future and then linked to a percentage growth of the 
revenue. So over the longer course, it adds up. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. And I understood the Mumbai piece, but I think you 
have also announced a large property in Surat. So what will be the 
numbers that can flow from there? 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
That is a managed property. It's a 288-room property, out of which 
one-third is right now operational. So we will be getting the fee only 
from that. And the owners are targeting that in six months' time, they 
will add another 90 rooms to the inventory. And in 12 months' time, 
it will be totally 288 rooms. So it will be -- our fee will come out of 
that. And so there can't be a very significant improvement in the top 
line. But whatever top line we get from that flows down to the 
bottom line because there are no additional costs involved. 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. Anybody else who wishes to ask a question may use the 
option of raise hand. Since there are no further questions, I would 
request you to give your closing comments. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
Thank you very much, all of you for joining us this afternoon. And 
this is a good time for us to look forward to a very, very good time 
in the days to come, election being over and a stable government in 
place. I think things are going to be looking very well. We were just 
waiting for that. Market was also waiting for that. And I think with 
our growth in the next 12 months, I would like to see [Technical 
Difficulty] [0:53:54] really good times to come and thank you very 
much for joining us. Look forward to seeing you in the next quarter. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. And thank you to all the participants for joining on the 
call, and thank you to the management for giving us the valuable 
time. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank you 
so much. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Thank you very much. 
 
Philip Logan: 
Thank you. 
 
Keshav Baljee: 
Thank you. 
