ĵ
=F 
S Chand And Company Limited 
Reqistered Office: A-27, 2nd Floor, Mohan Co-Operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi - 110044, India. 
S.CHAND
GROUP
P:+91 11 4973 1800 I F:+91 11 4973 1801 I E: info@schandqroup.com I www.schandgroup.com
To 
Listing Department
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001
Dear Sir,
Date: May 29, 2024
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra
400051
Re: Tm nscript of conference call - O4FY24 - pursuant to Regulation 30 of The SEBI (Listing
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
The Company organized a conference call for the Analysts and Investors on Monday, May 27, 2024 at
0 l: 00 P. M. to discuss the financial resu Its for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. The transcript
of the said conference call held with the Analysts and Investors is enclosed herewith.
The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the website of the Company-
R-:quest you to kindly take note of the same.
Thanking You. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For S Chand And Company Limited
Jagdccp Singh 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A15028
Address: A-27, 2nd Floor, 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate,
New Delhi-110044
Encl: as above
CIN No. L22219DL 1970PLC005400 
JAGDEEP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
JAGDEEP SINGH 
Date: 2024.05.29 
16:38:46 +05'30'

1 
S Chand And Company Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
27th May 2024 
hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd 
Host: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to S Chand and Company Limited Q4 FY24 
conference call hosted by Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Ms. Stuti Beria from Prabhudas Lilladher. Thank you and over to you, ma'am.  
Ms. Stuti Beria – Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd: 
Thank you. On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher, welcome you all to the Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Call of S. Chand Private Limited. The management represented by Mr. Himanshu Gupta - 
MD, Mr. Saurabh Mittal - CFO and Mr. Atul Soni – Head Investor Relations. I would now 
like to hand over the call to management for opening remarks, and after that, we’ll open 
up the floor for the Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S. Chand & Co. Ltd: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu Gupta, the Managing 
Director of S Chand and Company Limited. I would like to welcome you all to our fourth 
quarter and full year results conference call for FY24 and thank you all for taking the 
time-out and joining us here today. 
I am extremely happy to share that FY24 has been a milestone year for S Chand and 
Company Limited on many parameters. I would like to highlight the following key points 
for the year gone by-: 
1. We delivered the Highest operating revenues in 5 years, Up 9% on a YoY basis,
2. We delivered the Highest Gross Margins of 66% in 5 years, Up 12% on a YoY
basis,
3. We delivered the Highest EBITDA and EBITDA Margin in 5 years, Up 14% on a YoY
basis,
4. We delivered the Highest Operating Cash Flows in the company’s history,
5. We delivered the Best Working Capital Efficiency in the company’s history,
6. We are proposing a Final Dividend of Rs3/share,

2 
7. And to top it all, S Chand and Company became a net debt free company at the
end of FY24.
The biggest achievement for this year has been the strong improvement in our working 
capital metrics which are at historic lows. This unrelenting focus on working capital 
management has led us to significantly free up cash from the system and helped us to 
become Net Debt Free at the end of FY24 with net Cash balance of Rs600m.   
On the Cash flow front, we have ended the year with the highest ever Operating Cash 
flows (OCF) in the company’s history. We continued to be Free Cash Flow positive as 
well. Saurabh, our CFO would give more details on these financial metrics in his remarks.  
On the National Curriculum Framework or NCF front, FY24 was a landmark year in terms 
of the announcement of the National Curriculum Framework for School Education (NCF 
SE) in August 2023. This long-awaited announcement has come after a gap of 18 years. 
We look forward to utilizing this opportunity to the fullest over the next 2-3 years. 
During FY24, contrary to our expectations, the announcement of the NCF SE did not 
impact the FY24 sales season much since NCERT did not come out with new syllabus 
books even till March, 24. This led to a lower adoption of new syllabus books and most 
schools continued with the old syllabus books.  
On the Higher Education and Test Prep segment, we saw continued challenges in the 
segment as the semesters were shortened in certain universities and NEP 
implementation was not uniform even within states. There were also lower numbers of 
job vacancies announced by the government which impacted the Test Prep segment 
along with stiff competition from Youtubers. We are working towards improving the 
performance of this segment by increasing collaborations with influential youtubers and 
coming out with content which is relevant to larger audiences. 
On the Ed-Tech front, our Youtube Channel “S Chand Academy” continues to have 
phenomenal success. We have now launched over 1800 videos focused on Higher 
Education topics covering Science, Engineering and Test Preparation so far and the 
channel has already notched up over 20 million views and 234k subscribers. This further 
enables the promotion of our content, which can spur demand in that segment. This 
channel enables students to learn critical areas through top notch educationists which 
may not be available in Tier 2 and Tier 3 colleges. We expect to add another 800 videos 
for both the School and College segment this year. 
We launched “Solid Steps”, our integrated K-5 Curriculum solution keeping in mind the 
core concepts of the New Education Policy 2020 during the year. This 𝗞-𝟱 𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗴𝗿𝗮𝗺 is 
meticulously designed to meet 𝗡𝗖𝗙 2023 𝗴𝘂𝗶𝗱𝗲𝗹𝗶𝗻𝗲𝘀, empowering young minds with 
essential skills – critical thinking, creativity, and a love for learning. Mylestone, our K-8 

3 
curriculum solution also continued to provide holistic learning to schools both in India 
and the Middle East. 
Looking ahead, we expect FY25 and FY26 to see maximum adoption of the new syllabus 
books in the school segment which should help our growth trajectory for the company. 
Our strategic partnerships and collaborations have allowed us to expand our offerings 
and meet the changing needs of our customers. Our commitment is to continue this 
positive trend and enhance our financial position over the long term. 
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise all of us on the 
financial performance of S. Chand.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand & Company Limited: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for your time. I am Saurabh 
Mittal, Group CFO of S Chand and Company Limited. 
In terms of numbers for the whole year, our consolidated operating revenues came at Rs 
6,626 million versus Rs 6,103 million during the same time last year, registering a growth 
of 9% for the year gone by. We have shown one of the highest annual gross margins at 
66% vs 64% in FY23.  
Our EBITDA profits crossed Rs1000m for the first time in the past 5 years. We reported 
EBITDA of Rs 1098 million vs Rs 963 million in the corresponding period last year in spite 
of undertaking salary hikes, higher travel spends, spends on developing new content etc 
during the year.  
I am happy to share that our Operating income went up 65% with profits of Rs 484 
million versus Rs 292 million in the same period last year. We reported PAT of Rs511m in 
FY24. On back of solid profitability, we have recommended a Dividend of Rs3/share. 
Our greatest achievement during FY24 has been the commendable work done in 
improving the working capital metrics which resulted in the highest operating cash flows 
in the company’s history at Rs1,211m vs Rs811 last year. The healthy cash flows have 
enabled us to reduce debt, negotiate better terms and focus on marketing our products 
and services better.  
I would like to bring your attention to Slide no 8 to slide 10 which showcases the results 
of the steps taken during the past years towards building a lower working capital 
organisation with focus on positive cash flows.  

4 
In terms of working capital-: 
•
Trade Receivables reduced to Rs2,601m during Q4FY24 vs Rs2,653m during
Q4FY23. This is a Rs52m decrease in receivables in spite of achieving incremental
sales of Rs523m over last year.
•
In terms of receivable days, it stood at 143 days (vs. 159 days in Q4FY23),
a reduction of 16 days during FY24. This is the lowest Q4 receivable days
in the company’s history.
•
Inventory increased to Rs1,761m (vs Q4FY23: Rs1,562m). This inventory increase
is driven by a higher raw material paper inventory of Rs633m (vs Q4FY23:
Rs436m). Finished goods inventory was almost at the same level as last year.
•
Net Working Capital reduced to 157 days (vs. 188 days in Q4FY23) which is a
reduction of 31 days during FY24. This is the lowest Q4 net working capital days
in the company’s history.
In terms of Debt, the company was Net Debt free at the end of the year. We were Net 
Cash positive as of March 2024 at Rs. 600 Mn vs Net Debt of 60m at the same time last 
year. 
 As we go into FY25, I would like to reiterate for the coming year-: 

Firstly, we are looking to grow Operating revenues in double digits for the year.

Secondly, we would be taking a single digit price hike across our product
portfolio.

Thirdly, Gross margins should be stable barring exceptional movement in the
paper prices during the year.

Fourthly, we have upgraded our EBITDA margin band guidance to 17%-19% (vs.
16%-18% guidance Last year).

Fifth, we look forward to continuing our laser sharp focus on working capital
metrics and cash flows to continue. We are targeting to be Net Debt Free for 3
quarters during the year.
Finally, we shall continue to create content based on the new syllabus during CY25. This 
should lead us into FY25 sales season with a much larger repository of new syllabus 
books for our target customer. We expect the promotion & sales season of FY25 to see 
higher adoption of new curriculum books by schools vs. FY24. We should also see 
further announcements of new syllabus books from NCERT for more classes to happen 
during the year. This should lead to strong volume, revenue and profitability growth for 
the next 2-3 years period.  
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 

5 
Host: 
We will now begin the Question & Answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question 
may press * and 1 on their touchtone phone. If you wish to remove yourself from the 
question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets 
while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Ronodeep Sen from Mass Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Ronodeep Sen – Mass Capital: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. While NCF was launched in August of 2023, but 
NCERT kind of spoiled the party by not implementing it. Are you confident of it being 
implemented for the next two years?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, Ronodeep, it is not as if they have not implemented it. They have announced class’s 
3rd and 6th syllabus in April of this year. So, our belief is that they will continue to 
announce new classes, and that is how the rollout will happen.  
Mr. Ronodeep Sen – Mass Capital: 
Sure. Wanted to also understand, I think in some of the earlier calls you mentioned 
about monetizing the YouTube channel, S. Chand Academy. Have you made progress in 
that space?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Not yet, to be honest, and we are still reviewing our strategy on the S Chand Academy at 
the moment, because the focus for the last year has been to bring out content according 
to the NCF. So, that is where we are focused on. On the S Chand Academy, we are 
reviewing what we wish to do, and probably by the next quarter call we will have a 
definitive strategy on that.  
Mr. Ronodeep Sen – Mass Capital: 
Sure. Next, wanted to understand, if I look at Pearson, which is a $6 billion company 
globally and dominates the US publishing space, have we tried emulating business 
models from them?  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
In terms of acquisitions?  

6 
Mr. Ronodeep Sen – Mass Capital: 
Not just acquisitions, I think their business model varies across electronic media, 
publishing. They have various interesting business models. Just wanted to understand, 
has the management spent time understanding their business model, given they are the 
global leader?  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Pearson is already in India. Pearson has an office in India. But according to our sources 
and information, Pearson is not really doing well in India and has sold its school 
education division to a company called LEAD last year. Those things are already 
happening. The things that work in India, we are already working on them, with our 
strategies, because everything which happens globally cannot be replicated as it is in 
India. So, we have to be very careful about what works in India, where the market for us 
lies, and we should be continuing on those strategies.  
Mr. Ronodeep Sen – Mass Capital: 
Sure. One last question. Given we are a debt-free company now and generating good 
cash flows year on year, how far have we progressed in our latest acquisition? I think 
you mentioned last time, I think we are towards the closure of our new acquisition. Any 
update on that?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
 We are reviewing that in terms of the acquisition because there are certain things that 
did not work out. So, we are in the review process. We are still in negotiations with 
them.  
Mr. Ronodeep Sen – Mass Capital: 
Sure. Thank you so much.  
Host: 
The next question is from the line of Niteen S. Dharmawat from Aurum Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions. So, we mentioned double-
digit revenue growth for next financial year. Now, double-digit can be from 10% to 99%. 
So, can we be a little more specific in terms of guidance, because that will help us 
understand where are we headed?  

7 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Niteen, I mean, to be honest, having looked at last year and reviewing that, we will be in 
a better position once we start seeing the adoptions of new syllabus books by schools, 
somewhere around the mid of the 3rd Quarter. I mean, of course, the baseline should be 
around 12% to 13%. But of course, we are targeting a higher number. So, Niteen, there 
is a level of uncertainty right now around this. So, that is precisely the reason why we 
have not given a numerical guidance.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
And the elections also just finishing up around the corner. So, that will also depend on if 
the same government continues or there is a new government which comes in, what will 
be their policies, what will be the things. So, it will be very difficult to say right now.  
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
Got it. 
Mr. Atul Soni - Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, I think we will be better equipped to answer that probably by the 3rd Quarter. 
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
By the 3rd Quarter, because most of our business comes in the last quarter of the year, I 
understand that.  
Mr. Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Yes, yes. 
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
Okay, okay. But one is, for example, after 4th June, we may have some clarity if the 
government is continuing or not continuing that way, and that may give us some 
indication about the possible revenues by implementation of NCF or discontinuation of 
NCF, whatever happens post 4th June, right? So, we will have some idea about that.  
Mr. Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Yes. So, if the existing government comes and it is obviously a continuation of the 
previous policies, that part is correct. But I think let us wait for 4th June.  

8 
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
Got it. Okay. My next question is about the paper prices. So, how is paper prices now in 
our inventory level and how do we expect the paper prices in coming months? Because 
a lot will depend on paper prices as well. And if NCF is getting implemented, then the 
demand for paper could be different and the prices would determine a lot of 
profitability concerning the publication of the book. Though we may be taking some 
hikes, but still paper prices will help us understand where we are heading.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Yes. So, paper prices have come down slightly last year. And right now, as of now, I am 
not seeing any increase in paper prices. But people in the market are saying maybe after 
the 2nd and 3rd Quarter, the prices might increase because of buying by the government, 
buying for even the export market and even domestic market consumption will increase. 
So, right now it is very difficult to say where the paper prices will go. But I feel paper 
prices largely should be constant with minor increases, if any, this year.  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
And having said that, we have got large inventory already in hand. So, paper 
procurement this year should be 20 to 30% lower than the previous year.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, paper procurement in terms of this year will be less than last year, much less. 
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
I got it. Sir, any other plans of acquiring any companies in the foreseeable future now? 
Are we looking for any opportunities for inorganic growth as well?  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta - Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, we always are open. We always look out for opportunities. If the right opportunities 
strike us, then we evaluate it. And if the deal happens, it happens. So, we are always on 
the lookout. It is nothing like we have stopped looking out. But the problem is getting 
the right opportunity at the right value, that becomes very tough.  
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
My final question is related with our investments in new-age companies, wherein we are 
providing some small capital over there. So, what are our plans? Are we looking for any 
other opportunity now actively, or we are continuing where we were? And are we 
planning any exits over there in any of the invested companies?  

9 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
I mean, currently, we have two investments. Not exactly looking at exit in any of them. 
Smartivity is doing exceedingly well. iXambee had a stable year last year. We continue to 
get investor decks for investments. There are some ongoing discussions, but not 
anything to talk about at this stage. As and when something comes up, we will definitely 
inform the exchanges.  
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
I got it. Regarding Smartivity, have they taken any other funding now, or the last one 
that they have taken, after that they have not done anything? Any idea about that?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, they are cash positive, they are generating money. So, as of now, they really do not 
have a requirement to raise equity. But as of now, there is no fundraise in the next 6 
months, as I see. 
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
And what was the valuation when they raised the capital the last time?  
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
I think around Rs120 crores odd. 
Mr. Niteen S. Dharmawat - Aurum Capital: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you so much and wishing you best.  
Host: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to register for questions, please 
press * and 1. Our next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Mr. Pradeep Rawat – Yogya Capital: 
Hi, good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is 
regarding our margins. So, we had margins like 20% plus kind of margins before 2018, 
and now it is much lower than that. So, what I can understand is, paper prices have 
much to do with it, with this lower margin. So, are there any other factors which are 
limiting us to achieve those margins back? 

10 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Yes. So, if you look at prior to 2018, of course, there was a lot of aggressive growth 
during that period, and the working capital metrics also were not great. What we have 
also done is, re-looked at our working capital metrics. So, I mean, just to increase 
margins of 2% by driving volume growth is not efficient to the working capital metrics. 
So, there are 2-3 factors which have led to the decline in margins as of now, but we, of 
course, have already upped our regular margin guidance for the current year. There 
were couple of other issues as well. One, of course, was the implementation of GST in 
2017, which has had about 100 bps to 150 bps impact because we do not get input 
credit on any of our products. So, there have been issues of reverse charge GST on 
royalty and increasing the GST of printing outside, plus GST rate at 18%for almost 
everything. So, that is one.  
The other thing, of course, during COVID, of course, the volumes in the revenues were 
lower. Of course, we have done quite a bit on the baseline costs, but of course, beyond a 
point, you cannot really go lower. So, as and when volumes start going up post the NCF 
implementation, the margins will improve. But of course, they should improve on a 
regular basis. There cannot be any knee jerk movement of margins. We are working 
around looking at each and every aspect of it.  
If you look at most of our working capital metrics, we are far better than what we were 
pre-COVID. I mean, these numbers in terms of networking capital days, in terms of 
receivable days, are far better. And even on the operating cash flows, I mean, on 
revenues of Rs800 crores, even at 20%+ EBITDA, we were making Rs38 crores of 
operating cash flows. Currently we are at Rs120 crores plus of operating cash flows. I 
think that is more important for us in terms of generating cash rather than just looking 
at one part of it, which is the margin percentage.  
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, what I was saying was that if you look at our operating metrics, most of them have 
working capital days metrics have improved by 50% over the last five years. So, we have 
to look at these numbers in terms of the cash that we are generating, which is probably 
up 3X in the last 5 to 6 years, and the operating metrics, which have seen a huge 
improvement. So, I think we would like to look at it like that.  
Mr. Pradeep Rawat – Yogya Capital: 
Okay. And sir, with respect to sustainable margins, could we expect a margin near 18-
20% or more than that in coming years?  

11 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal - Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, see, we are looking at it year on year. And I think in a year where we have paper 
prices declining a bit, of course, we could look at that 20%. But a lot of factors are 
involved in this. I mean, of course, product prices cannot increase beyond a point. Paper, 
of course, is the biggest lever in terms of that. And of course, everything depends upon 
volume growth. So, once you have volume growth, I think we can look at improving 
margins.  
Mr. Pradeep Rawat – Yogya Capital: 
Okay. That is all from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Host: 
Thank you. You may press * and 1 to ask a question. The next question is from the line of 
Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment. Please go ahead.  
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment: 
Hi, sir. Am I audible? Hello? 
Host: 
Yes, you are. 
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment Advisor Pvt. Ltd.: 
Sir, pardon my ignorance. My question will be, that the new course that we are talking, 
which was announced in August 23, how is it really going to play out for us as well as 
overall on the whole education? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Sorry, you want to ask how it will play out for us in the new syllabus? 
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment Advisor Pvt. Ltd.: 
As well as the overall industry because ultimately the overall industry, because what will 
be differently from the existing one? 

12 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
The new syllabus means getting new books in the market and when you get new books 
in the market, used books and the 2nd hand books come out from the market and the 
schools take all the new books for their use and that increases the market share of 
companies which are a good brand, have good content and good relationship with the 
schools. So that’s how it will have a positive impact on the group for the next 2-3 years. 
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment Advisor Pvt. Ltd.: 
Ok. And what I understand is that you said that, it has not yet only been implemented 
from std.3rd to std. 6th. Is that correct? 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
No, no, NCERT have announced the new books for only class 3rd and class 6th last month. 
We expect that over the next couple of months, there should be more announcements 
of more classes. So far, the new syllabus is only there for classes Prep to 3rd class and 6th 
class 
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment Advisor Pvt. Ltd.: 
So, for whatever change, at least to that extent it will benefit this year? Correct? 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Yes, but that is as of today. We expect that over the next 6 months, you will see more 
classes’ new syllabus being announced. 
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment Advisor Pvt. Ltd.: 
Whatever will be announced, can you help by saying what will be our revenue 
contribution from those books whatever has been now announced? 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So for the school segment, K-8 is almost 60 percent of our school revenues. 

13 
Mr. Bharat Sheth – Quest Investment Advisor Pvt. Ltd.: 
Ok. Thank you very much Sir. All the best. 
Host: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to ask questions, please press * 
and 1. The next question is from the line of Vikas Modumbi Kasturi from Focus Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
Ok. Good afternoon, Sir. I had a couple of questions. So one is, year on year there has 
been a great improvement in the receivables that, you know every year it has reduced. 
So is there scope for improving this further? I know this is among the best but is there 
scope to improve this further? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Ya definitely! There is scope. I think we still must work on the inventory side of it. 
Receivables there is less scope to improve, so I think there is still scope to improve on 
overall net working metrics. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
Ok. That’s very heartening to hear Sir. The 2nd thing is, somewhere I came across in your 
DRHP Sir, that there are about 10,000 publishers in India. It’s a very fragmented market 
and I think in one of the interviews you had said something like you had about 12-13pc 
kind of a market share. So, my question is, is the industry consolidating or likely to 
consolidate anytime soon Sir? Are you seeing some trends in that direction? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, I would like to say here that the market got affected financially quite badly after 
covid. Covid had actually shaken up things in a lot of publishers and a lot of publishers 
were seeing that financially they were not able to compete properly, and they have 
issues of buying paper, they have issues of printing, paying the suppliers, paying the 
salaries to the employees and receiving collections from the market. So all those things 
were factoring up and we were seeing people were getting weakened and confidently 
we have been strengthening our company. So that’s a good part for us. So I think the 

14 
market is, I will not call it exactly consolidating but yes, market is trying to play for the 
strong players in the market. So, the strong players will definitely will have an edge over 
the weaker players and that is where we feel that a company like us or a group like us 
will have an advantage over others. That’s it. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
Ok, got it Sir. And one last question – I was unable to understand the exact role or the 
dependence on NCERT as far as the NCF implementation goes. If you don’t mind, could 
you just provide sort of explanation on that Sir? 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So, what happens is that when NCERT comes out with the new books, that becomes a 
benchmark. So, thousands of schools across the country will say that you know, now 
that the new book is out, they will say that we will now want to purchase the new 
syllabus books for our students as well. Thus it becomes a trigger. As long as the NCERT 
books are not out, people have a choice to go with the older or newer syllabus books. So 
that becomes like a big trigger for moving to the new syllabus. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
Ok, got it Sir. 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
It becomes like a benchmark. For example, if you are a school owner or a teacher or 
HOD of a particular subject, if there is a new syllabus book by NCERT, then you can’t be 
using the old syllabus books. Then people will question you. The parents will come and 
question you. So that is why it is a trigger for movement or option of the new syllabus 
books from private publishers like us as well. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
Ok, got it Sir. Thank you. One last question Sir. On the balance sheet, we have a big 
chunk of our total assets actually sitting in goodwill Sir and you said that you don’t want 
to reduce that amount because you don’t see any impairment in the acquisitions. So, my 
question is Sir, because of that large amount sitting in the goodwill, that is artificially 
depressing the return matrix like return on equity and return on capital. So is there any 

15 
thoughts you can share on the amount amortized in the future or will it remain the way 
it is? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Ya, I mean we have had this conversation multiple times on the goodwill and it only, if 
you look at it, it stands in the consolidated financials and not on the standalone 
financials. If you look at the standalone financials of each individual entity, of course the 
return ratios are much better. It’s because of the premium that we paid on the 
acquisitions, that our return ratios are impacted. So if somebody has to look at the 
return ratios, net off that goodwill to actually see what kind of returns we are making. At 
this point of time, there is no conversation to impair our goodwill because it’s on the 
consolidated financial numbers. It’s not part of any individual balance sheet. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
So Sir actually, you would know this better than me Sir, because we have been paying 
down our debt, our total assets are actually reducing so the goodwill as a percentage of 
total assets is actually increasing because the denominator is reducing. So therefore, our 
equity component is also going up and as a result of which, artificially the return on 
equity looks much lower.  So only when somebody looks deeper into the wonderful 
things that you have done and how the cash flows have improved, only then they will 
understand this. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So the only other option is to write down the goodwill in the financials. So we haven’t 
had that conversation to be honest, it’s not something that we are looking at any point 
of time. Possibly if we can merge the companies into a single entity, at that point of time 
may be possible but at this point of time, we don’t see a major impact because of that. 
Mr. Vikas Kasturi – Focus Capital: 
Got it Sir, got it. Thank you Sir. I will come back in the queue. 
Host: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to ask questions, please press * 
and 1. The next question is from the line of Puneet Mittal from Global Core Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

16 
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
Got it, good afternoon! Couple of questions – one, on the extension of goodwill, I think 
on the consolidated, there is an increase of 50cr. of intangibles which I reckon as 
goodwill. Can you explain what is that increase about? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
During this year? I don’t think goodwill has increased in the current year. 
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
Is the goodwill marked under intangible or is it marked under something else? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Goodwill is separate line item.  If you look at the financial statement, goodwill is at 
Rs3325m versus Rs3357m. It has reduced by approx. Rs32 million.  
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
Ok, ok. I think this is incorrect. Sorry for that, sorry. Now coming to the new syllabus, is 
the understanding correct that they have to come out with the new syllabus within the 
next few months because if someone is using the new syllabus from year 6th When they 
go to the next year, they can’t go back to the old syllabus. So if someone is adopting the 
new syllabus, they will have to continue with the new syllabus until class 12th right? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
I think syllabus has already come out last year I believe. The only thing that has not 
come out is the NCERT books. So NCERT comes out with books as per the syllabus which 
becomes the benchmark for the market. Now a lot of schools use NCERT books and a lot 
of schools use a mix of NCERT books and private publisher books. So, the catch here is 
that, till the time NCERT does not come out with the complete set of books, schools are 
in confusion of whether to follow the NCERT books or whether to follow the NCF, the 
syllabus which has already come out.  
So a lot of schools have already transitioned, in our estimates, 10% to 20% of the schools 
have already transitioned to the new syllabus and taken books across all classes from 

17 
private publishers even if NCERT has not come out with its books. It is the other 80%-
85% which are sitting on the fence waiting for the NCERT to come out with books and 
see what the changes are done and then go ahead with whatever classes they want to 
work with private and whatever classes they want to work with at NCERT. So just to 
make an understanding, NCERT books are at 30%-35% of the total market in that 
segment, so the market share of NCERT is at 30%-35%. Rest of it is the private 
publishers. So that will impact of the largest player and a lot of schools use a mix of 
both. 
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
I understand but my question is, the new syllabus books that have come out are only 
until year 6th. Did you say that it’s only until year 6 that they have come out now? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So K-2 came out the previous year and the books are already in the market. Additionally, 
in March, 24, they came up with class 3rd and 6th. And for Classes 3rd and 6th also they 
came up with the digital version. They did not make it available in print. The schools 
could not prescribe them in school. Till the time the printed books are not available, 
school cannot prescribe it. So that was a challenge. Now probably by the end of this 
October/November, I am expecting that NCERT will come out with all the books upto 
class 8th and will do the complete implementation during the next seasons. 
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
Ok, got it. Now last question, actually I think on the asset allocation side with we 
becoming net debt free and hopefully our cash flow generation would be upwards of 
120cr next year, what is the management’s thought process and plan of further capital 
allocation? I know that you are talking about inorganic acquisitions and all but what is 
the thought process now, I mean that becomes even more relevant given that kind of 
cash flows Rs700cr topline and Rs900cr of the market cap. So any clarity on that? That 
would be really helpful. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Ya, in terms of that, we have already commenced the dividend distribution last year and 
we are retaining the same amount this year because our profits are also around the 
same range. In terms of acquisition, there are opportunities in the market so we would 

18 
like to keep some of the money aside for that. And of course, once we hit let’s say 100cr. 
plus in terms of cash, then we will probably start thinking of buyback. 
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
Ok, so that buyback is in the mind of the board and the management already. Is that 
right? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Ya, definitely, definitely! 
Mr. Puneet Mittal – Global Core Capital: 
Got it. Thank you very much for answering all the questions. 
Host: 
Thank you. Participants, if you have any further questions, you may press * and 1. The 
next question is from the line of Manan Patel, who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
Ok Sir, thank you. Sir, first of all congratulations on the great work on profitability and 
the balance sheet. Sir, first question is regarding the investment that you mentioned 
that you are making in developing new curriculum and marketing. So can you throw 
some light on what kind of improvement in number of schools that you are addressing? 
Number of geographies? Number of classes? So could you quantify those numbers? If 
we can have some idea on the kind of market share that you can gain going forward? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
In terms of geography, we are there pan India and of course Middle East which is a large 
market for us. In terms of content also, we are across all subjects. Of course, we added a 
couple of subjects in terms of artificial intelligence, coding, robotics etc which are the 
new subjects coming up.  We are slowly building on the additional subjects that have 
been included in the new curriculum. In terms of number of schools, the coverage is 
there in around 40,000-45,000 schools and almost 60pc of the schools are user schools 

19 
which use our products. In terms of state board, we have a large offering in West Bengal 
so that’s where we are in terms of coverage. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
Ok Sir. Sir, as the Classes 3rd to Classes 6th new books are out, so do you think it has any 
impact on our June revenues? So do we see a growth in June quarter from those 
classes? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Academic session has already started in April so whatever adoptions, for this academic 
year had to happen have already happened. We don’t see a substantial jump because of 
these books. The printed books are still not out. I think probably by the end of this 
June/July, the books will be out in the market.  
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
It’s not going to have any impact in the June quarter. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
Ok. And Sir, while the timing is uncertain but when all of these NCERT comes with books 
for all of these classes, so do we see ourselves hitting a revenue of Rs900cr- Rs1,000cr. 
We had done 800cr. in FY18 but can we reach Rs900cr-Rs1000cr revenue when all these 
books are in place in the next 2-3 years? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
That is definitely a target but having said that, we will be prudent in terms of the kind of 
revenue growth that we are looking at since we continue to focus on working capital and 
cash flows. Quality business we will not dilute at the cost of increasing revenues. 
Host: 
In between, your audio was going really bad. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 

20 
Basically, Saurabh is saying that he wants to continue on the path of quality sales. Just to 
increase the sale growth we are not going to compromise on the quality of the sales. We 
want to make sure that collections are in line and the working capital is in line. 
Otherwise collecting payment from bad customers becomes a very tedious job and then 
the requirement also becomes very high. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
Understood. So given the good quality of customers that we want and our learning from 
the past, so is there a market enough for us to reach a Rs1,000cr. type of sales? 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Market is quite big; market is quite sufficient. It is just that, as I said earlier, there is a 
kind of consolidation happening in the market where the weaker players are not able to 
compete with the stronger players. Stronger players like us will be able to capture more 
market share in the market and that’s what I feel we would be doing in the 2-3yrs. We 
are just waiting for the syllabus change. Now the syllabus change has already started. 
Next 2-3 years, I think we should have good earnings if the syllabus change happens on 
time from the government. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
Understood! And Sir lastly, I understand capital allocation. I understand the previous 
participant mentioned capital allocation and you mentioned buyback, so I understand 
you mentioned 100cr. number before you want to think about a buyback. But Sir market 
being, what they are very unpredictable and given we are at around Rs850cr-Rs900cr. 
market cap generating around Rs120cr. of cash flows, so would it not be more prudent 
to do buyback when the stock price is available cheap and we might not have eminent 
capex plan and still have a Rs60cr. balance on cash in hand? So just a suggestion and 
would love to hear if you have any comment, so better do it when the prices are 
available. Once the new syllabus starts coming in, the market might recognize, and the 
price might also move up. So looks like a very cheap stock at this point. Would love to 
hear your thoughts on it? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
So on this, if you follow our numbers on a quarter to quarter basis, during quarter 3 we 
still have debt in our books. We are a seasonal business where we have to invest upfront 
and the money flows at the end of Q4 for us. So we are slightly prudent because we do 

21 
not want to be strapped for capital at the end of Q3 building into the new season, that is 
why we have put in a certain number. Once we cross Rs100cr., probably we will have 
enough cash to ride on through the season where we require capital and so another 
year’s time, we would definitely give us that kind of strength. So we have had two good 
years but also we had 3 very difficult years of covid. So we would like to conserve some 
cash so that we have money in our books. We are not borrowing, or we do not have to 
go back to the markets to raise money. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
That’s all Sir. 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
At the same time, it is prudent if you come out with a buyback, you come out for a 
decent amount. I mean just having a buyback for a very small amount of capital 
allocated to it, I don’t think it will do justice as well. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
I completely understand Sir but when you are talking about the numbers that we are 
planning to do or will happen with the syllabus, the prices will also not be at the same 
level. It should not be at the same level ideally. 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
See, the thing is that from a business perspective, we have to balance risk as well as 
reward. So I mean we have to see in terms of debt levels, we might do acquisitions. I 
mean who knows, you know, nobody foresee covid coming. So that’s what covid has 
taught us. So I think that’s a tricky balance to achieve, that is what we keep on 
deliberating even in our board meetings and we are cognizant of that fact. The timing of 
it will be dependent on as per the board thinking as well. 
Mr. Manan Patel – Participant: 
I completely appreciate you not putting the business in jeopardy just for this. This was 
just my suggestion. Thanks a lot for your views on this. 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 

22 
Sure! 
Host: 
Thank you. Participants, you may press * and 1 to ask a question. The next follow-up 
question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from Yogya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mr. Pradeep Rawat - Yogya Capital: 
Thank you for the opportunity again. I have a question regarding the NCF. Do you see 
any risk of implantation of getting delayed and being done in a phased adoption manner 
from the side of NCERT? 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Not really, I don’t think there is any risk of not being implemented unless there is a 
complete change from the government side. It depends on what happens in the political 
system. 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
I think that answer you will get on the 4th of June. 
Mr. Pradeep Rawat - Yogya Capital: 
Can we share the number regarding the revenue for class 6th and then 6 to 9 and then 
9th to 12th? 
Mr. Atul Soni, Head - Investor Relations, S Chand And Company Limited: 
We have said that out of the total school revenues, K-8 is almost 60%-70% of the school 
revenues. I think in the earlier releases, we had mentioned that K-2 was almost 10%-
15%. Thus, Classes 3rd to 8th will be approximately 50-55% of the school business and 
Classes 9th to Classes 12th would be approximately 30% of the school business. 
Mr. Pradeep Rawat - Yogya Capital: 
Ok, ok, thank you. 

23 
Host: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to the management group for their closing comments. 
Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Managing Director, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Thank you everyone. Thank you for your questions. It was nice to talk to you. We are 
happy to have good results and we continue on the path of quality sales and ensuring 
we deliver good returns next time. Thank you for all your support and co-operation. 
Thank you. 
Host: 
Thank you. 
Mr. Saurabh Mittal – Chief Financial Officer, S Chand And Company Limited: 
Thank you. 
Host: 
On behalf of Prabhudas Lilladher Pvt. Ltd., that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your line. 
END OF TRANSCRIPTION 
