 
 
June 05, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on May 30, 2024 
 
Stock Code  :    BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 30, 2024, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2024.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company - https://www.hcgoncology.com/investor-
relations/  
 
Kindly take the intimation on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
SUNU 
MANUEL ABEY
Digitally signed by 
SUNU MANUEL ABEY 
Date: 2024.06.05 
17:09:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited Q4 & FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 30, 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. 
B.S. 
AJAIKUMAR 
– 
EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ GORE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HEALTHCARE 
GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MS. RUBY RITOLIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. 
ASHUTOSH 
KUMAR, 
HEALTHCARE 
GLOBAL 
ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Q4 & FY'24 Earnings Conference Call 
of Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees about the future performance of the company, and it may involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar, Executive Chairman of Healthcare Global 
Enterprises Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Thank you very much and good morning to everyone and a warm welcome to the present Q4 
and '24 Earnings Conference Call For Healthcare Global Enterprises. I am joined today by Mr. 
Raj Gore – our CEO, and Ruby Ritolia – CFO and my senior management team along with SGA, 
our Investor Relations Advisor. 
The past year has been another remarkable chapter in our growth history. We are proud to have 
positively impacted the lives of those have entrusted us with their well-being. The achievements 
have been made possible through the efforts and tireless dedication of our doctors, nurses, staff 
and other stakeholders. Having spent decades in cancer care industry both in US and in India, I 
needless to say, there's a contrast between the Western countries and India. In the beginning we 
used to see a lot of patients with advanced stages. But today I'm happy to say even bigger cities 
we are seeing patients in early stage, and we are seeing good quality of treatment as well as very 
good outcome. 
Given the population of India and more recognition of cancer and lifestyle disease, there is 
definitely going to be a rising incidence of cancer in the coming decade. With the reported 
incidence 2.2 million annually, the actual incidence is expected to be much higher, maybe 1.5 to 
3 times higher as the statistics are definitely all around. 
At HCG, we are ceaselessly fighting the war against cancer. We are the only organized cancer 
care chain in the country, with the state-of-the-art operation extending to tier one and tier 2 cities. 
Thanks to our state-of-the-art technology, including digital PET scans, digital pathology, 
precision radiation therapy, cutting edge robotic surgery system, we deliver the highest standard 
of care to our patients. 
We recently added Robotics which will transform precision medicine in the era of genomics. We 
believe precision medicine is the targeted therapy in the future and genomic evaluation is going 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
to play its major role. And having done genomic analysis over several thousand patients, we 
have certainly become leaders in this to the targeted therapy based on the genomics. 
We plan to introduce MR LINAC Radiation Therapy in Bangalore, which would be a notable 
addition to the vastly superior radiation treatment offering at a HCGwhich will help us 
revolutionize radiation therapy in the state. 
This cutting-edge technology integrates magnetic imaging with linear accelerator to improve the 
clinical outcome ,decrease side effects and reduce treatment span. 
There are several clinical milestones we have achieved during the year. To mention a few, we 
have performed record number of minimal access  head and neck surgery in our center of 
excellence in Bangalore. 
We have administered one of the rare procedure called Neuro SAFE a nerve 
savingprostatectomy. We have done robotic assisted breast axillo thyroidectomy which is the 
first of its kind in Mumbai. 
We have also done a significant number of 3D Planning Large Tumor Resection in our Bangalore 
division with having an engineering department for the same. 
We're happy to report that our mortality rate as we measure while we are one of the few 
measuring it has now come under 1% over the years, the feat we are immensely proud of and 
definitely meeting or beating the global standards. 
Research and development is an integral part of HCG DNA. Our clinical trials and research 
initiatives are paying the way for new and improved treatment modalities. We have established 
an Institutional Research Committee to fund investigator-initiated trials, which is one-of-a-kind 
in the Indian private health sector. This commitment to R&D nurtures innovation and leads to 
industry-leading academic excellence in HCG. 
We continue to collaborate with marquee companies and projects like predictive analysis, 
analytics, computational work and key technical design support system by leveraging our AI-
ML technology. 
We are the best-in-class medical talent from around the world, ensuing that our patients benefit 
from the expertise, some of the best minds in oncology. 
Our commitment to improving cancer care in India remains steady fast. We are dedicated to 
raising awareness, enhancing early detection and providing advanced treatment option to 
transform the perception and reality of cancer care and make cancer care a chronic disease. 
Together, we will continue to strive for a better outcome and a brighter future for those affected 
by this disease. 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
I will now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Raj Gore, for his observations and strategies going 
forward, and also the summary of the operational performance for the quarter gone by. Raj? 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you, Dr. Ajai. Good morning, everyone. A very warm welcome to all the participants on 
the call. 
We are very proud to report a strong performance during Q4 '24 with all-time high annual 
revenue which grew 12% with EBITDA growth of 21% translating to 19% EBITDA margin. 
This exceptional growth serves as a testament to our enduring commitment to excellence in 
cancer care. 
HCG has positioned itself as the destination for cancer care with superior clinical outcomes 
underpinned by advanced technology and commanding market-leading positions across 16 of 
18 cities. 
The company has decoded the oncology business model in India with robust performance both 
in metros and non-metros. 
We continue our dominance in key existing markets like Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Cuttack 
along with turnarounds for centers like Nagpur, Jaipur, Borivali and now Kolkata. 
Furthermore, there is a massive potential across the key established and emerging centers that 
still remain untapped with potential to grow faster than the market over the next few years, which 
would help us to improve our return matrix going forward. 
For the Fiscal Year ‘24, ROCE performance for the company has been 10%, whereas our 
established centers operate at much superior ROCE of 21%. Based on vintages, we see that the 
nascent centers, although have low or negative ROCE currently, they can significantly improve 
ROCE to operate in line with longer vintage centers. With the Kolkata center generating positive 
EBITDA, our conviction on delivering strong returns has only increased. 
There are multiple levers in place to keep dominating the oncology market in India, which we 
have captured in the last couple of slides in the first section of our investor presentation. Now, I 
would like to briefly talk about some of the key strategic initiatives. Over the years, we have 
taken multiple steps to enhance our operations and improve our profitability. To point out key 
strategic initiatives during the year, after consistently achieving organic growth for 3-4 years 
now, we are now poised to expedite HCG's expansion through strategic acquisitions. 
In addition to our expansion efforts in Indore, we are committed to further strengthen our 
presence in Bangalore. We are currently in the process of establishing two hospitals with total 
125 beds in North Bangalore and Whitefield area, slated to be operational in the next 12 to 15 
months. These state-of-the-art facilities will enhance our capacity to cater to the growing cancer 
needs of the region. 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Furthermore, to enhance the patient experience and streamline access to healthcare services, we 
have introduced HCG Care Smart App suite, including a Patient App exclusively designed for 
unique needs of cancer patients. This innovative platform provides patients with seamless access 
to treatment options and their medical records with a click anytime from anywhere. In addition, 
the app would also help us consistently engage with our patients to monitor adherence to 
treatment plan and post-treatment follow up to improve long-term outcome. Already, the Smart 
App suite has benefited over 56,000 outpatients with active participation from more than 300 
doctors on this digital platform. 
Our digital revenue has grown 75% year-on-year in FY'24 and will continue to be an important 
driver of growth in future. 
With this, I hand over to Ms. Ruby, our CFO for Financial Highlights. 
Ruby Ritolia: 
Good morning, everyone. In reviewing our performance for the quarter, I'm pleased to report 
12% year-on-year growth, culminating in a top line figure of 495 croresFor the full year of 
FY'24, the revenue stood at 1,912 crores, witnessing a growth of 13% year-on-year. 
Our operating metrics, key indicators of our performance have shown substantial all-around 
improvement in this quarter. 
Chemotherapy sessions increased by 15%, OPD footfall rose by 19%, and while our radiation 
experienced healthy growth. The decline in capacity utilization from 65 to 61 is due to proactive 
expansion and the incorporation of four new linear accelerators. 
ARPOB for the quarter stood at 42,700 as compared to 39,700, registering a growth of 8% on a 
YoY basis. 
The revenue of our established centers experiences a 11% year-on-year growth and revenue from 
emerging centers grew by 15% on a YoY basis, with EBITDA for emerging centers growing at 
117% on a YoY basis. 
We are observing a consistent uptick in our emerging centers marked by increased footfall across 
various cancer treatment modalities. Our two prominent emerging centers in Mumbai and 
Kolkata have demonstrated robust performance. Specifically, our Kolkata Center had an 
impressive year-on-year growth of 20%, while our South Mumbai center achieved 37% growth. 
Additionally, our Nagpur center has outperformed expectation recording a remarkable 48% year-
on-year growth. 
On the EBITDA front, our EBITDA grew by 21% YoY and stood at 94 crores for the quarter. 
PAT for this quarter stood at 21.3 crores as compared to 8 crores in the previous year same 
quarter. Our CAPEX for the 12-month period stood at 187 crores and net debt excluding leases 
stood at 358 crores as on March 2024. This includes acquisition of Nagpur, Kolkata and Indore, 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
and we have spent 116 crores towards our growth CAPEX mainly on our two facilities, 
Ahmedabad and Whitefield. 
As we speak, Ahmedabad construction is almost complete, and we will be transitioning very 
soon. 
We have also given bifurcation of our EBITDA across matured and emerging centers. I would 
request participants to refer the investor presentation for further details. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Nishith 
from Chrys Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishith: 
So, I just wanted to ask the revenue growth drivers for FY'25 between new beds, ARPOB 
occupancy. 
Raj Gore: 
If I've understood your question, you are asking about revenue drivers for the current year? 
Nishith: 
Yes, between new bed additions, ARPOB occupancy. 
Raj Gore: 
So, look, our revenue growth in last few years is primarily driven by two-third by volume growth 
and will continue the same trend going forward, it will be largely driven by volume. While we 
have seen improvement in ARPOB, as you know, during the year we have deployed bed capacity, 
linear accelerator capacity, OT capacity, we have added clinicians and strengthened our go-to-
market efforts. We are also in this year moving to a larger facility in our center of excellence in 
Ahmedabad. So, we have deployed additional capacity. We have increased our clinical 
bandwidth; we strengthened our go-to-market which will continue to help us get more patient 
footfalls and therefore grow at a healthy rate which is better than the market growth rate. 
Nishith: 
Just wanted some color on outlook on margin for FY'25 and beyond? Our EBITDA margin 
overall for the company in Q4 is around 19%, whereas for FY'24 is 17.8%. So, is Q4 the new 
normal for margin and what will drive margin improvement if at all? 
Raj Gore: 
So, if I can just take you back, look, first half of the year, we communicated that our margins 
were subdued because investment in clinical bandwidth and then downtime transition time to 
add our linear accelerators. Throughout this year subsequently, you have seen improvements in 
our EBITDA margin. EBITDA margin that we see in Q4 is on account of better service mix and 
a payer mix and operating leverage due to a strong revenue growth. We expect that to continue 
going forward. And as I mentioned earlier, there are lots of revenue growth levers to drive 
volume-led revenue growth going forward. Our utilization as Ruby mentioned in her 
presentation on beds it's about 56%, on linear accelerator is 61%. So, I think we are very well 
poised to drive revenue growth and that will help us to get operating leverage. One of the 
strongest performance is our emerging centers. As you heard, Kolkata has started contributing 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
positive EBITDA. It will continue to grow going forward. South Mumbai has reduced the losses 
and is expected to start breaking even sometime in the middle of the year. These two were earlier 
EBITDA drag due to losses and now going forward as they start contributing to the EBITDA 
margin, we are very confident that we will continue our EBITDA margin journey in a positive 
direction going forward. 
Nishith: 
So, even the emerging EBITDA which is in Q4 is 14%, you're saying is sustainable, right, 
because fiscal year is somewhere close to 9%? 
Raj Gore: 
So, just to recap, we have many centers in this bucket. Most of the centers have been contributing 
EBITDA and have been growing. The two youngest hospitals, the Kolkata and South Mumbai 
were the drag on our EBITDA margin in the past. Kolkata in Q3 and Q4 has started contributing 
positively and will continue to reduce the losses, in South Mumbai we will break even in the 
middle of the year. So, as a result, the emerging center bucket will start moving in the right 
direction throughout this year. 
Nishith: 
And could you share how Indore has panned out for us? 
Raj Gore: 
So, look, as we said, Indore was our strategic acquisition in a new market, Madhya Pradesh. 
Central India has the one of the lowest penetration or lowest density of comprehensive cancer 
care center per million population. It's about 45, 50 lakh population. You have one cancer care 
center versus about 16, 17 lakh population per cancer care center in our Southern region. So, we 
made this acquisition starting with the second half. Our first priority was to integrate it on HCG 
platform in every possible way and invest in this asset to bring it to HCG quality care. We had 
started the construction work or renovation work. We have upgraded ICU facilities, we have 
upgraded private rooms, we have invested in medical equipments, invested in upgrading OT 
equipment, we have started empaneling more TPAs, our go-to-market initiative has been 
strengthened. It's on the right track so far as per our integration plan and we will continue to 
share the progress going forward. So, far so good in terms of our progress on integration of this 
new asset. 
Nishith: 
Any thoughts on inorganic acquisition? 
Raj Gore: 
We have been saying that after 3-4 years of consolidation and a consistent quarterly strong 
performance, few quarters ago, we said that we will look at acquisition as a strategic lever to 
grow or expand the company. We have already done Indore acquisition. At any point of time, we 
are evaluating several key assets, and as and when we get to concrete concluding stage, we will 
be happy to share with everyone. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhara Patwafrom SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Dhara Patwa 
I just have three questions. One is, what is your bed expansion strategy for the next two to three 
years? And suppose if you want to develop a new hospital, so what is your criteria to select the 
geography for that expansion? 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you for asking that question. See, over the years, we have created a dominating presence 
in our current 18, 19 locations. Our first priority is to invest in these assets and create capacity 
in terms of beds, OTs, linear accelerators, so we continue to dominate our presence and continue 
to grow our market share in our current locations. We have already announced and shared with 
you that in Ahmedabad, we are moving from a below 100 beds to 200 bed capacity, newly built 
to our specifications, very premium advanced cancer care center in next month. So, we're 
doubling our capacity there. We have added about 20 beds and two OTs in the last year in our 
center of excellence in Bangalore. We have announced two new projects in Bangalore market, 
one in East Bangalore in Whitefield with 25 beds, comprehensive cancer care center, and one in 
North Bangalore, about 100 beds, comprehensive cancer care Center which will become 
operational in another 12 to 15 months. So, we're doubling down in our both strong markets. In 
total, across our current hospitals, we are looking at adding about 350 to 400 beds in our existing 
hospitals in the next four to five years. Most of that will get completed in the next three years. 
So, that's the plan on our current Brownfield expansion in our current market. As I mentioned 
that we continue to look at M&A opportunities. In the past, we have had a brilliant track record 
in acquiring cancer care centers and creating value. So, we continue to look at it. We started our 
journey last year with Indore. We are looking at opportunities. Basically, our criteria for that is 
we're looking at comprehensive cancer care centers in markets which are attractive markets in 
terms of cancer incidence, affordability, household income, density of comprehensive cancer 
care centers. These assets are usually 70 to 80 beds. We are looking at assets which preferably 
are EBITDA-accretive from right in the beginning and we can acquire it at a good valuation. So, 
that's the criteria for our M&A. In markets where we do not see M&A opportunities, but we feel 
that there are markets of strategic importance, we may look at Greenfield, especially in our 
current states where we dominate like Maharashtra, Gujarat. As and when we have something 
concrete plan on that front, we will share with you. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
In addition to 350-400 beds we are having, we also have about 200 additional installed bed 
capacity, which we have not deployed. So, along with adding new capacity, we will also be 
deploying the existing installed capacity where the CAPEX is already spent. 
Raj Gore: 
If you look at our current occupancy is around 65%, 67% on our operational beds. Our capacity-
on-capacity beds, including the 200-odd beds, Ashu mentioned, which we have not made 
operational is about 56%. So, in all capacity parameters, we have enough headroom in our 
current hospitals to continue to grow for the next five years. 
Dhara Patwa: 
My second question was what is the average life of a LINAC machine and the replacement cost 
for the same? 
Raj Gore: 
Sorry, are you asking about average life of a LINACmachine? 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Dhara Patwa: 
Yes, like how much is the duration that we could use it -- it is 12 years, 15 years, something like 
that? 
Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar : 
The linear accelerators normally there for about 10 to 14 years. Most of the new technology has 
been in the software upgradation. The basic hardware platform has remained the same in the last 
10-years or so. So, as new technology evolves, as you know with the AI and high technology, 
more and more it will be software upgradations. So, the basic unit may remain the same with 
upgradation. So, our thinking at this time is, it will last anywhere between 12 to 15 years, the 
average linear accelerator hardware. Of course, the software and all can even last longer, but we 
are in the transition process as far as the linear accelerator is concerned, because we are talking 
about adaptive therapy, precision therapy, MR LINAC, so many new things are happening. So, 
it is undergoing a tremendous change. As an oncologist, I do believe this will last for a long time. 
Dhara Patwa: 
And lastly, what will be the effective tax rate for FY'25? 
Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Sorry, can you ask that question again? 
Dhara Patwa: 
Effective tax rate for FY'25, ETR? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
Somewhere between 35% to 39%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just the first one on the opening remarks around the whole aspiration to grow faster than the 
industry, so we have done about 12%, 13% this year in terms of top line growth. When I look at 
some of the large NCR-based players who report oncology separately, they have grown 21% to 
25%. I know they may be an outlier, but some of their relative absolute sizes of revenue have 
now reached almost pretty close to us. So, just want to understand what's the reason why we 
may be actually growing lower than some of these peers, is it just that they are in expansion 
phase, and we have not, just want to understand some of the competitive dynamics? 
Raj Gore: 
We have grown about 12% year on year-on-year. However, I want to just point out that the last 
couple of quarters ago, we have announced that we're going to scale down our large shop and 
shop center in North Bangalore, MSR. So, that business has not been with us for the last six 
months. If we adjust for that, we have grown about 14% year-on-year in the last year. That is 
about the market growth rate, which is about 12% on an average oncology market. Now, 
obviously year-on-year growth rate is also a function of the base that you have, and I think many 
multi-specialty players have started focusing on oncology recently and therefore, their year-on-
year growth is a function of their existing base that they had. We have a large presence; we have 
been in this business for a long time and therefore our base is much higher. Some players have 
very high concentration in specific markets, right? So, there the realization plays a larger role in 
growth versus volume-led growth. I think as a strategy, we want to continue to focus on volume-
led growth, which is a sustainable growth, while continue to improve realization, but primarily 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
volume-led growth. So, look, as a leading oncology player, we have enough levers and as 
explained our plan is robust to maintain our leadership position which is volume-led growth, 
and we will continue on that path. More than that, I can't comment on other players, yes. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
While Shyam, as you rightly mentioned, they have been on an expansionary path, we have been 
in a consolidation phase. We started deploying additional capacities and in some of our key 
centers like Ahmedabad. So, Ahmedabad, Cuttack and some of the other large centers, we have 
started deploying capital, increasing the capacity which has been done and we should start seeing 
growth momentum from these centers which will rub on the overall growth of the company as 
well. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just a second question, actually a related question, question number one, in terms of doctor 
attrition because some of your competitors are expanding, have you seen attrition or any of those 
parameters that you look at from an HR or retaining our key talent perspective, has that seen an 
uptick or a change or what are we doing to retain our top talent? 
Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar: 
Shyam, as you know, HCG has always been very proud of our doctor group, and our top doctors’ 
attrition is very low, less than 5%. So, we have been very proud and even today because of the 
way we empower the doctors, we are involved in academics and research. Our attrition has not 
been a major issue and we don't expect it to be an issue at all. And another thing I want to tell 
you is we are also in training, we have our own training programs in fellowship programs, 
residency program and because of that we have significant number of doctors coming out of the 
training in medical oncology, radiation, surgical oncology. Because of that and we are an 
institution and I always like to compare it to where I trained MD Anderson, wherever you went 
in US, you found doctors trained in MD Anderson. And it is a proud thing that doctors are there 
working in different institution trained by that. So, similarly where we go now, we see doctors 
are trained in HCG are there. So, we don't have any issues. Doctors who want to even sometimes 
leave… because we have an internal training mechanism and because we brand HCG more than 
doctor and we collaborate with doctors and work, we don't see that as a foreseeable issue at all. 
And the people come to it to HCG has a quality institution as a destination. So, that is how we 
have been able to grow and maintain our status as the leader and we will continue to do that. 
And we are very clear that most of the major doctors have been with us for a long time and will 
continue to be there and we don't see any issues in. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just my second question is if you could double click on both I think the case studies that you've 
presented in the investor presentation are very helpful, but I just wanted to go through like South 
Bombay, what's you now are looking at international medical tourism as an avenue. So, just want 
to understand what's the size there, what are the plans for further enhancing our offering at South 
Bombay, what's been the response even from local patients? 
Raj Gore: 
As you know, South Mumbai, our South Hospital is a premium hospital at a very good location. 
We have a differentiated technology there. It is still the only hospital in Western India with a 
CyberKnife and Tomotherapy under one roof. As mentioned earlier, we have invested in our 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
clinical talent. We have medical oncologist who focuses on breast oncology. He used to be a 
director of breast oncology program in UK, in Nottingham Hospital. We have a breast surgeon 
who's come back after getting trained in Memorial Sloan Kettering. So, we have a very good 
talent on medical side, surgical side radiation, we were always strong in that department. So, we 
have a product now which is a premium product, differentiated technology and with full-time 
clinicians with a very high pedigree. I think this is the perfect… and Mumbai is more connected 
to the rest of the world in most cities in India. So, this is the perfect recipe to attract international 
patients. And just to explain, CyberKnife gives a lot of advantage in terms of treating cancer 
patients which cannot be treated by other LINACmachines. But one of the biggest advantage of 
CyberKnife when international patients travel to India, you can treat the patient with a hyper 
fractionation. Generally, in linear accelerator, you will go through 25 to 30 fractions, and you 
have to stay 6 to 8 weeks for that, whereas CyberKnife can do it in a matter of days and therefore 
the length of stay for international patients in India becomes much lesser and therefore out of 
pocket expenses goes down. So, not only do you have a superior outcome, but your out-of-
pocket expenses go down. So, it's well positioned to target international patients. We have been 
working on our go-to-market efforts in certain markets like Middle East, Oman and East Africa. 
We have seen currently 30% to 35% of our center revenue coming from international. At the 
same time because of these differentiated products, we are targeting a wider geography, not just 
South Mumbai, but a Greater Mumbai, Maharashtra and strategically connected locations to 
Mumbai who historically train into Mumbai like Northeast states there, some of the cities in 
central India. So, we continue to spread our net wider in terms of go-to-market to get the right 
segment for the products that we have in this. We have significantly reduced our losses this year 
in this center, and we are expecting it to break even sometime middle of this year. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Similarly, on Borivali, your presentation talks about positive EBITDA in Fiscal ‘24 and revenue 
going at a CAGR of 22%. So, all the changes regarding I think we have made management 
changes as well. So, how is that seeing fruition now when I look at Borivali? Any numbers you 
want to share at this point of time given that we have now reached probably some scale there? 
Raj Gore: 
Borivali has been a well-performing asset. Actually, it exactly follows our unit economics. Last 
year we have added one more linear accelerator to augment our radiation capacity there. We 
added our surgical robot there. We have created a vertical specialization in surgical team. We 
have onboarded surgical talent. It had shown 20%-plus growth. It delivers a mid-20 EBITDA 
margin, and we have enough spare capacity on all modalities there. So, I think we are perfectly 
poised to gain market share from others and continue to grow at a very aggressive growth rate 
going forward in Borivili in Mumbai. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
My last question is just on the balance sheet. In terms of our debt, I know, debt went up year-
over-year in Fiscal ‘24, but what are the plans going forward, will we use this dry powder to 
kind of do M&A like we may have hinted, but just wanted to understand how should we look at 
any plans for debt reduction? 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Ruby Ritolia: 
So, at the current levels, we are very comfortable with all our currently covenants we have 
enough headroom. We are exploring looking at inorganic growth and that Raj talked about, and 
we will be looking at those. In terms of funding requirements for that, we will be funding it 
through both internal accruals as well as external debt funding. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Pandya from InCred Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Pandya: 
Sir, I have a few questions. So, starting with on the CAPEX front, so what will be the organic 
CAPEX for the next one to two years? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
As far as the maintenance CAPEX is concerned, we have always guided, and our maintenance 
CAPEX will be around 65 to 70 crores and 70 crores is the number which you saw for FY'24 as 
well. On the growth Capex, Largely any new projects which is coming up, we have been 
presenting it before you. So, other than what we have laid out in Ahmedabad and Whitefield in 
Bangalore, we also announced North Bangalore Center. North Bangalore, the total CAPEX is 
estimated is around 90 crores which largely would be spent in the current year and of course in 
the next financial year. 
Ankit Pandya: 
You mentioned that in some of the centers you will be adding more capacity over there. So, in 
FY'25 to '26, how many Brownfield capacity expansion can we expect apart from Ahmedabad 
and Bangalore that has already been announced? 
Raj Gore: 
I think other than Ahmedabad, I mean that's primarily the Brownfield capacity increase that will 
come this year. Rest will probably follow in the year after that majority, I mean. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
We are doing some beds and OT expansion in our existing centers. For example, our center in 
Vizag, we're doing expansion in Cuttack. So, there are beds or associated infrastructure addition 
which is happening in couple of centers and large one would probably happen in next financial 
year in Cuttack. 
Ankit Pandya: 
So, that will be roughly how many beds that we will be increasing? 
Ashutosh Kumar : 
Sorry, what is the question? 
Ankit Pandya: 
How many beds capacity you will be increasing in the Whitefield? 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
In Bangalore, we are adding about 125 beds. 
Raj Gore: 
But that won't come this year, that will be next financial year. So, in between both projects, North 
Bangalore and Whitefield will be added in about 125 beds, which will get commissioned in the 
following financial year FY'26. 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Ankit Pandya: 
Sir, can you just talk about your inorganic CAPEX also, inorganic plans of acquisition that we 
will be doing? So, which region and how much you'll be willing to invest in inorganic 
opportunities? 
Raj Gore: 
I think we are uniquely poised to be a consolidator in this space. There are some active 
comprehensive cancer care centers across the country, while from a management bandwidth, we 
would prefer them in existing markets or adjacent to our markets. We will be opportunistic if we 
get a good acquisition target in a newer state. So, with M&A, you have to be opportunistic. Our 
investment in these assets will be proportionate to the size of the asset. So, we will be able to 
tell you as and when we have something concrete. So, it's difficult to comment on the size of the 
acquisition. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
It will depend on obviously the visibility of the capital, and we are mindful of the debt level, 
which we can sustain, and we have our internal guidance on the debt levels, we will be within 
that. 
Ankit Pandya: 
Sir, one more question on the tax rate. If I look at your cash tax, the tax that you pay on and it is 
visible on the cash flow statement. Last year on PBT of 45 crores, we paid 23 crores tax, that's 
50% of PBT and this year on a PBT of 68 crores, we have paid 47 crores of cash, that's like 70% 
of our PBT. And then on the P&L, you are guiding for an effective tax rate of 35% to 39%. I 
thought the corporate India tax rate has fallen to 25% a few years back. So, what is it that is 
keeping our cash tax and our P&L tax so high, I mean 70% tax rate on our cash tax basis seems 
unreal. So, can someone explain to us why our cash tax rate tends to be like 60%, 70%? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
So, we have various entities and under which our businesses are there. There are entities 
separately where we incurred losses. And since they are separate entities, we don't get that 
benefit at a consol level, and we don't recognize the effort that asset on that. And that is the 
reason why our effective tax rate is higher. You're absolutely right that we're moving towards 
25% at the corporate level. However, there will be a journey. Once these entities becomes 
profitable, we will start seeing a reduction in our effective tax rate. 
Ankit Pandya: 
So, on the entities which are profitable, are we paying exactly 25% tax? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
Yes, that is right, we are paying 25% tax. So, we have about 47 crores of losses that is netting 
off our overall profitability. 
Ankit Pandya: 
What I was asking was that if I take the 47 crores of tax paid in FY'24 and I multiply it by 4, that 
gives me almost 180 crores of profit before tax on our profitable entity. Would that be correct? 
Management: 
So, we have for the year entities making 115 crores of profit, on which they have paid 24%, 
25%, which comes to 27 crores profit, and we have 47 crores of loss-making entities where there 
are no tax credits taken. So, if we adjust for the 47 crores, we would be at 26%, 27%. Right now, 
we are at 39% because we are not taking the tax rate of 47 crores. You can do the math. 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Ankit Pandya: 
I'm not following the math here. I'm sorry. I'll have to drill a bit more on this. So 67, 68 crores 
of consol profit, right, add that 47 crores of losses that we are going to be included in this profit, 
so that gives me 120-odd crores of profit. Even on 120-odd crores of profit-making entities, we 
are paying 48 crores of tax. So, that's 40% tax, is that correct? 
Management: 
27 crores of tax, you see the net tax. Please make it above the deferred tax also. 
Ankit Pandya: 
Net of refund the tax is 47 crores on your consol cash flow. I'm talking about cash tax. 
Ruby Ritolia: 
No, that includes the TDS also, that is not the tax charge, you should look at the P&L because 
the balance sheet includes two things. One is the cash tax as well as the TDS, which gets 
deducted from the payments that we collect from our credit payers. You should not include that. 
Ankit Pandya: 
So, what is this TDS? 
Management: 
TDS is tax deducted at source under Section 194J. Whenever we bill our credit payers while 
taking the payment, they will deduct tax at 10% before taking the payment or in some places we 
have got low TDS which will be anywhere between 3.5% to 4.5%. But still there is the tax 
deduction which normally will get 3% in a cycle of two to three years. So, those are not the cash 
taxes, that is what impact we feel them that is only a cash flow issue, which is with the 
government, with the income tax department, which gets refunded after two to three years. 
Ankit Pandya: 
But this has been going on for the last 2-3 years, right? So, this 22 crores tax that we paid last 
year - 
Management: 
So, it will go on because we have credit business, which is of our total revenue. So, it will keep 
going on like that. So, once our PAT is 10% of the revenue, you will see netting off that part. 
Right now we are at 2% to 3%. So, we have some way to go there. 
Ankit Pandya: 
Last question is on the multi-specialty hospitals that we have, Raj. This question is for you. On 
the three multi-specialty hospitals that we have, what's the strategy now going forward and what 
are the current sort of margins that those facilities are doing for us? 
Raj Gore: 
So, Aditya, thanks for that question. We have been pretty clear on our communication on this 
front. We had four multi-specialty hospitals. Bhavnagar is now oncology, is a dominant specialty. 
We added a linear accelerator a few years ago. We are looking at adding another linear 
accelerator there. So, oncology will continue to contribute more and more in Bhavnagar. Rajkot, 
again, last year we started surgical oncology and medical oncology. Currently, we are in the 
process of building a bunker. So, on Rajkot, we will also have a comprehensive cancer care 
facility and oncology will become a dominant specialty going forward. In Suchirayu again we 
have a very strong market share there. It's a very, very good referral center for North Karnataka. 
We are currently building a bunker for linear accelerator as well as PET scan next to the 
Suchirayu Hospital. Eventually, we have an opportunity, we have another comprehensive cancer 
care center in Hubli. Eventually, when we need to add more capacity, we cannot add that capacity 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
in our existing Hubli cancer center. However, this is a plan roadmap for going forward. Since 
we are adding a linear accelerator in PET Scan next to Suchirayu we have a growth headroom. 
Whenever we need additional capacity and then oncology will start becoming a dominant 
specialty within Suchirayu. The last multi-specialty hospital is in Ahmedabad, HMS, which will 
continue to be a multi-specialty hospital. There is no space there to add oncology in that hospital. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
B Pathiparampil: 
A couple of questions. Following up on the earlier question, in Ahmedabad where we are adding 
beds, what is the existing capacity utilization there or occupancy there and what's your 
expectation regarding the new 100 beds? So, is it going to get filled in six months? 
Raj Gore: 
So, I wish I can fill 100 beds in six months in any market. But yes, look, Ahmedabad, again, it's 
a hospital that we started more than 12, 13 years ago. It had less than 100 beds. The capacity 
constraint more than beds, it was ICU beds and OTs, we have had five OTs. As you know, this 
is a surgery dominant cancer center. We have a very strong team of more than 20 surgical 
oncologists there with vertical specialization and a very high volume, strong robotic surgery 
center. Since it is a surgery dominant center, OT capacity and post-op ICU beds became a 
problem for us or capacity constraint for us and that's when we decided to invest in a new 
hospital, which is 200 beds. There we will be moving sometime next month; we are doubling 
the OT capacity from 5 to 10 OTs, and we have further headroom to add OTs whenever we need. 
Same for ICU. So, we are very excited. This is a center that is built to our specification, a very 
premium center, because we have all the clinical bandwidth and currently the number one market 
share, I think we are best poised to ramp it up quickly. How fast can we ramp it? Well, we are 
shooting as fast as we can, but as stated earlier, we have always said that we will grow at higher 
than market growth rate in every micro market. Here, we have an opportunity now to increase 
our market share. We are already #1 market share with 30%-plus market share. So, we have an 
opportunity. So, we will go all out and see. It's difficult to predict how fast we can fill that at this 
stage. 
Ashutosh Kumar: 
To give some historical growth pace around that value input. So, in FY'23, Ahmedabad center 
by 20%, in FY'24 in spite of all the capacity challenges we grew by 14%. We do expect the 
growth momentum to continue, and this growth probably will get accelerated once we get into 
the new centers. We have had a capacity challenge. And you can take guidance from here of the 
growth rate and I mean make a sense of how faster we will fill those beds. 
B Pathiparampil: 
Second, typically at least three years from plan to operationalizing a new facility or a new bed, 
so after this Bangalore 125 beds addition in FY'26, it looks like we don't have a plan to grow 
further our capacity. Do you have anything in mind, even in the early stages where you'll be 
doing something significant Brownfield or Greenfield for addition beyond FY'26? 
Raj Gore: 
It's difficult to hear you. Is this a question about Bangalore? 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
B Pathiparampil: 
No. Overall, your bed growth plan because we don't have a plan in place beyond FY'26, next 
year, we have 125 beds addition in Bangalore, beyond that we don't have a plan in place, so the 
question. 
Raj Gore: 
No, we have a plan. We just spoke about it a little while ago. So, let me start from the current 
base. Today, we have 56% utilization on our capacity beds. So, we have about 44% beds 
unoccupied right now in our existing hospitals. So, that's number one, first headroom. Then in 
our strategic markets like Bangalore, we have added 20 beds last year. We have the ability to 
add, we have a plan to add another 25, 30 beds in our existing center in the next two years. We 
are also adding two more hospitals in Bangalore, one in Whitefield and one in North Bangalore 
with total 125 beds, that will get commissioned in FY'26. Now that's enough bed capacity for 
Bangalore to continue to grow for the next five years. I would like to point out that we have also 
have three daycare centers in this market which have done very well, and we will continue to 
add couple of more daycare centers in next 12, 18 months in Bangalore, so that we have a deeper 
penetration in greater Bangalore market and grab higher market share. The second key market 
is Ahmedabad. We just spoke about it where we are doubling our capacity. So, we have a 
headroom and a runway to continue to grow for the next few years. Similarly, market-by-market, 
we have added 35 beds in Baroda, we are adding another 25, 30 beds in Vizag next year, and 
then we have a plan to add another 25, 30 beds in Vizag in two to three years, in Cuttack we will 
be adding about 60 to 70 beds. The remaining all our hospitals we have enough current capacity 
which is unutilized which will continue to fuel the growth for the next five years. We don't see 
any capacity constraint in our hospitals with this plan baked into our five-year plan. We don't 
see any capacity constraint for at least the next five years. And as we ramp up, we will continue 
to monitor utilization and figure out if we need to add subsequent capacity in any of these 
markets. So, to summarize today, we have enough capacity to grow, we are clearing the capacity 
bottleneck, and we will have a runway to grow for the next five years. And if we feel that in the 
next 2-3 years we will continue to monitor it and continue to deploy more capacity in our 
established centers. These are the centers we have a dominant market share, and we will not let 
the capacity come between our growth in future. 
Ashutosh: 
So, we do have visibility and within the next three years we will be deploying 500. We also have 
done an assessment of which are the centers which probably would go out of capacity after three 
years. That would also need an addition of about another 200 to 300 beds. So, in five years’ time 
you have a visibility of adding about 800 to 900 beds. 
B Pathiparampil: 
So, these are mostly Brownfield, you're saying? 
Dr. B.S. Ajaikumar: 
I just want to add one thing here. See, in oncology, you should never focus only on beds. As we 
go forward, oncology is more outpatient, more time-related treatment and also we should look 
at the growth in oncology, not clearly just measured by the beds alone. While the beds will be 
needed but the proportionate growth of oncology will be more without even considering the 
beds, the way it has moved in the last few decades because our average length of stay, as you 
can see, has come down significantly, more targeted surgeries, more targeted treatment So, all 

 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
of this will have a more footfall is what we have to look at rather than the bed strength. But as 
we explained, bed strength will increase, but one should not measure only by the bed strength. 
Because for example if you have hub-and-spoke model, you are more clinics like what Raj 
mentioned, outpatient clinics and there will be no beds, but it will still infusion centers which 
are contributing to the revenue and the growth. So, it has to be looked at in a more analytical 
way in oncology rather than just the beds. 
Raj Gore: 
And as you know, we have added a few linear accelerators in the last few years. Today, we have 
36 linear accelerators. On that, our utilization is about 61%, 62%. So, there also we have enough 
headroom to keep growing going forward. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Raj Gore: 
So, once again, thank you so much for your interest in HCG. As I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, we have had a fantastic performance in Q4 with about 12% year-on-year growth, 12% 
year-on-year growth on revenue, 21% on EBITDA, our margins are hitting 19%. The team has 
worked very hard to add clinical bandwidth, clear capacity constraints, drive our go-to-market, 
we are very optimistic in driving our growth in the current quarter and in the current year. 
Looking forward to see you next quarter on this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
