May 28, 2024 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligation 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we wish to inform you that the 
Company participated in the investor conference as given below: 
Date and time 
Type of Meeting / Event 
Location 
Thursday, May 23, 2024, at 13:30 
hours (IST). 
Investor & Analyst Meet to discuss 
performance for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2024 hosted 
by Strategic Growth Advisors 
Conference Call through dial-in 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared / discussed in the meeting with the investors. 
Further, please see enclosed the transcript of the Investor & Analyst Meet.  
We request you to take the above on record. 
For Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
_________________ 
Aniket Hirpara 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: A/a 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543277 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Trading Symbol: LXCHEM 
ANIKET 
BAVCHANDB
HAI HIRPARA
Digitally signed by 
ANIKET 
BAVCHANDBHAI 
HIRPARA 
Date: 2024.05.28 
18:16:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“Laxmi Organic Industries Limited  
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 23rd May 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI GOENKA – CHAIRMAN–LAXMI ORGANIC 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
DR. RAJAN VENKATESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –LAXMI ORGANIC 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. TANUSHREE BAGRODIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LAXMI ORGANIC INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NISHANT DUDHORIA - STRATEGIC GROWTH 
ADVISORS (INVESTOR RELATION ADVISORS) 
 
 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Laxmi Organic Industries Limited Q4 and 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishant Dudhoria from Strategic Growth Advisors. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Nishant Dudhoria: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining on the Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call for Laxmi Organic Industries Limited. We have with us on the call Mr. Ravi Goenka, 
Chairman; Dr. Rajan Venkatesh, MD and CEO; Ms. Tanushree Bagrodia, the CFO. The 
company has uploaded its financial results and investor presentation on company's website and 
stock exchanges. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. We will begin 
the call with opening commentary by the management followed by Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Ravi Goenka, Chairman for Laxmi Organic Industries Limited, 
to give his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Goenka. 
Ravi Goenka: 
Thank you very much, Nishant. Dear investors, esteemed colleagues and partners. I hope this 
call finds you all in good health and spirits. As you may have seen, the global chemical sector 
has seen significant headwinds in the last 1 year. Despite the challenges that the summer heat, 
the election fever and the business climate have brought, I'm pleased to announce that our 
company has shown remarkable resilience and has delivered results that surpassed industry 
trends. 
 
This achievement is the testament to our conscious endeavour to create a team which is 
empowered and committed to driving innovation, efficiency and excellence in all our operations 
under the able leadership of Dr. Rajan Venkatesh, our Managing Director and CEO, who has 
actually now completed 1 year in our company. He has played a pivotal role in achieving this 
performance and transitioned our company to an extremely outcome-driven organization. 
 
Moreover, I'm delighted to welcome Mr. Arun Todarwal as a member of our Board. Apart from 
being a highly reputed practicing Chartered Accountant, he brings with him an extensive 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
experience of being on highly credible boards, such as Welspun Corp, PTC Cables, Bharat 
Foxconn, Nesco, etc. His addition to our Board underscores our commitment to fostering a 
governance structure that prioritizes best-in-class ethos, the right culture and professionalism, 
alongside delivering robust financial results. Thank you once again for your unwavering support. 
 
And we will now proceed with a detailed discussion on our annual performance and the strategic 
initiatives that will drive our future growth. Over to you, Rajan. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Thank you, Ravi. Namaskaram from my side. This time, I'm even more elated for 2 reasons. One 
is I got to vote after quite a few years. So I hope this goes a long way to nation building. And 
secondly, as Ravi nicely said, completed 1 year in the job. So it's also a big thank you to my 
team to manage my eccentricities. As for 1 year, there's a lot to be spoken about, but I think I'll 
try to keep it in focus, otherwise Tanushree will certainly nudge me in the direction. 
 
I think so let's start with macros, you heard that from Ravi. Certainly, chemicals has not seen the 
best of the year. Even if you talk beyond the chemical space, you talked about the inflation which 
has been accompanying us for quite a few quarters, expectation was the Fed toward cut it rates 
from the current 5.5% by maybe 4 times in the year. That's certainly not yet manifested. So all 
of that is an important, I would say, placeholder to bear in mind. 
 
The second one, which we also shared last time, is with the entire geopolitics. The way they are 
lining up with the Red Sea crisis unfortunately not yet abating, we are certainly seeing pains 
from that impacting the global shipping network with availability, cost and time being impacted. 
 
Coming closer to the chemical industry, I think the big mover was certainly China. If you see 
since the last quarter, we had this conversation at least we do not hear a big change in the macro 
environment in China or the micro environment when it comes down to chemicals., Referring 
then to Europe, which is another important player in the chemical space, natural gas pricing 
continues to be higher than the pre Ukraine-Russia levels, and that's why high cost lower prices 
and lower demand certainly makes it more challenging.and there's an excellent paper from SFIC 
which captures the mood of the European economy. 
 
North America certainly has the advantage of more preferential feedstocks and that's where we 
see demand in North America continuing to be better as compared to other regions. India 
continues to be, I would say, a positive lighthouse. We've had domestic demand in the chemical 
space being good last year in relation to the peers that I just spoke about, and we are also seeing 
that continue into quarter 1. 
 
So that's the macro broadly. Then coming closer to the feedstocks, and we always talk about 2 
key feedstocks. One is ethanol and other is acetic acid. I was looking through the previous last 
quarter report, and I'm glad that the numbers that we shared were in line with what we landed 
up, both these feedstocks. So in the SDS, that's ethanol, we were in the range of about $720 to 
$750, and that is what we are also anticipating will continue. This is dollars per metric ton I'm 
referring to. And when we talk about acetic acid assets, again, from a supply side, there is enough 
and more capacity out there. We saw in quarter 4, the prices like we had anticipated, were in the 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
$430 to $450 range, and that is what we are also anticipating will persist into quarter 1 of this 
year. So those are the feedstocks. 
 
Then comes down to the really industry and our customer lens, and let me call out the big ones. 
I think, again, one big takeaway, and I hope you've had a chance to see the presentation we 
uploaded, one of the strengths of Laxmi is our diversified industries that we are serving, and also 
diversified customer base, both domestic and international that we are serving, which I believe 
is one lever which is keeping us in a good state. 
 
Coming to the specific industry, and I'll call out the key ones. The coatings where we go in with 
our know-how of formulations and solutions, I think as we also shared last time, we were 
expecting our quarter 4, which was the quarter 1 for the global innovators, to be better, and that's 
exactly what we saw. And we also see that now for their quarter 2 and also our quarter 1 now, 
we are seeing that demand momentum continuing in the coating space. 
 
In the pigment space where we are also a key supplier, we have certainly seen demand improving 
into quarter 1 of the international innovators domestically and also globally. And we are also 
certainly well positioned to support them, and that's the same trend when we see into quarter 1. 
 
In the pharma, if you remember last time around, a lot of conversations with customers was the 
domestic demand was stable, but they were facing challenges on exports. What we are seeing 
reflected is, yes, domestic continues to be stable, exports are improving, but pricing for their end 
products continue to be under pressure. 
 
When we come down to the agro, the pronounced conversation in the course of last financial 
year on inventory is certainly not as pronounced. This is something we also shared in our last 
con call, but the topic is there is that demand pickup and also the competitive intensity for the 
end products, for their end products continues to be under pressure. So that's clearly an area we 
are continuing to monitor, but we are well positioned with all the agro innovators. 
 
Packaging, another important segment that we serve our solutions to. I think reflecting on quarter 
4, after the seasonal uptick that you normally see during the Diwali period, especially 
domestically, we saw the demand calibrating to the normal levels, and that's what we saw in 
quarter 4 and also as we enter into quarter 1. So that gives you, I would say, a landscape when 
we talk about customers. 
 
When we talk about competition, and the lens we have always taken is global competition here, 
not only domestic, we really are able to hold our own. Our results certainly are a testimony that 
as Laxmi, we are able to hold our own share in the current competitive landscape. We certainly 
see China not bringing in "material" into India, especially into our essential space.  
Where we tend to see them is more in the export areas, but our lens is also wide the narrative of 
overcapacities in China. Given that China's demand remains very muted post COVID, I think 
we are seeing that maybe the prices again this is our lens that prices may have plateaued out, but 
this is again a wait and watch, but that's the lens we are hearing, both when we speak to the 
market, customers and all the other market players. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Then coming closer to home projects, and I think I'm sure top of the mind is the project which 
is also close to our heart, our fluoro intermediates, where we have now nestled it in what we say 
site three, that is our Lote new setup. We were very transparent to say that project has got an 
escalation to INR550 crores cost to complete, and I'm very glad to report thatwe have achieved 
our revised time lines, both on a cost and also the mechanical completion of majority of the 
assets there. 
 
So that focus is the ramp-up will happen in FY '25, that will be our first full year of ramp-up, 
and FY '26 and '27the 3-year period still holds, and we are very happy to really bring that on 
board as part of the Laxmi family and actually bring in a new range of products from a 
technology and a market lens to our customers. 
 
We've spoken about the first wins already last time, first product qualification, qualification for 
new agro intermediates, signing a new contract with an MNC with an adjacent technology 
beyond what we had purchased. And I think the new update we would like to provide is we 
dispatched on-spec product to a key customer in quarter 4 of FY '24. So that keeps us in good 
stead and gives us confidence as we take the important steps in this journey of ours. 
 
The other very important project is Dahej, which is now site 4 from our lens. So we have done 
a bit of a site rebranding, as you can guess. I think we have what we parked with you is that we 
are working very diligently to receive the relevant approvals. And I think we have received the 
first round of relevant approvals. That is the inorganic CTE, which will basically enable us to 
start construction. We also had the unique privilege do to the Bhumi Pujan on the auspicious 
day of Akshaya Tritiya, which was 10th of May, I think.,so hopefully, the stars are aligned and 
we are really embarking on a good journey for us for years to come from the Dahej lens. 
 
Now very quickly, also then reflecting back over the last 1 year, again, I gave a lot of kudos to 
my team to manage my style and my eccentricities, but again, on a more stronger note, we really 
took a lot of focus. What all did we do? We focused on our strategy. So what that employed was, 
what is the game we play? 
What is the strategic relevant markets we are actually active in and want to be active in? What 
is our right to win? We did an excellent cost benchmarking. We spoke to customers. We really 
redefine our business models from a lean and reliable to a standard package to a fully customized 
solution provider. And that's all we said, we are ‘Geared to win’ and we are ‘Geared for Growth’. 
That's how we set up our organization at Essentials and Specialties. 
 
We are focused on talent, and talent while isa broader landscape. We really one of our key focus 
was bringing in more gender diversity, more female talent. I'm very glad to reflect that today, as 
we speak, 8% of our workforce at Laxmi are female employees. And a big chunk of that jump 
has really come in our manufacturing, not in RHO. And actually, and as we very continuously 
discuss in our organization, attraction is only the first part in a longer journey. Providing the 
ecosystem and retaining this talent is going to be an all important element which we are 
committed to. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
Culture, I think, really, we are focusing a lot more on leading indicators in every gamut of what 
we are operating, and more importantly, our culture, as they say, culture starts from the top. So 
me and my leadership team are also really working as one A team. And I can just call out one 
thing which we all agreed to as a leadership. As we embark, there will always be topics where 
we may have disagreements, we may have different views. We said, what we do is we see it, we 
say it and we fix it, and we do that in 24 hours. So it starts with us, and I believe that will really 
percolate into the organization. 
 
And I would say another element was execution excellence. We spoke about that pretty 
extensively in the course of last year where we had project overruns and also operational 
excellence, which has really provided us great dividends into the previous financial year, and 
will continue to provide us dividends into the years ahead. I must say I'm very glad to have a 
new member of my leadership team, Mr. Salil Mukundan. He comes with 35 years of very strong 
experience, and I always jokingly tell Salil, I hope you read the fine print. There's a lot of things 
we are expecting of him, and we'll support him to get us going in the right direction. 
 
We have also since this is the end of the year, we've also taken the liberty to really share with 
all of you the CSR thrust areas that we have been investing in Laxmi for years on the thematics 
of sustainability in the ecosystems that we operate, health education and water. I do hope you've 
had the time to go through that. We are super proud and we remain committed to embarking on 
this. 
 
Last but not least, I cannot stop by concluding what gives me the biggest thrill. Apart from the 
fact that we have delivered robust volume, profitable growth, I think what stands out for me is 
the cash flow from operations. Really in a year where we are in a capex cycle to be in the range 
of INR500 crores, close to INR600 crores is something that is very, very credible and will keep 
us in a good stead. 
 
As we have started the financial thing, that's a great to segue for me to pass it on to Tanushree. 
Tanushree, the floor is all yours. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Thank you, Rajan. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us this afternoon. As Rajan 
mentioned, financial year 2024 for Laxmi Organic Industries was a year of focusing on our 
strategic priorities, and top of that was operational and execution excellence. The operational 
excellence focus has resulted in the company increasing the volumes dispatched consistently 
quarter-on-quarter throughout the year. For quarter 4 of financial year '24, the overall volume 
dispatched increased by 14%, while for the quarter, on a year-on-year basis, the volumes 
increased by 23%. These additional volumes come without capacity additions in the fiscal. 
 
In addition to the volume increase, the product mix for the company has also improved. In the 
Essentials BU, the share of new products on a larger volume has increased 2% quarter-on-
quarter. And in the Specialties BU, the improved product mix has resulted in continued robust 
growth in top and bottom line. These efforts have resulted in the total income for the stand-alone 
entity for quarter 4 of financial year '24 at INR826 crores, which is 18% higher quarter-on-
quarter and 15% higher year-on-year for the quarter. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Operational excellence and the improved product mix have resulted in a higher gross margin for 
the quarter at 36% versus 32% in quarter 3 of FY '24. The quarterly EBITDA at INR106 crores 
is 50% higher quarter-on-quarter and 44% higher year-on-year for the quarter. 
 
The company has filed an insurance claim pertaining to the floods in July 2021 at its site 2 in 
Mahad. The stock portion of the claim and the loss of profit was settled in Q4 FY '24. The loss 
of profit has increased the EBITDA by INR10 crores. After adjusting for the loss of profit 
impact, the growth in the EBITDA is 36% quarter-on-quarter and 31% Y-o-Y for the quarter. 
 
Finance costs for the stand-alone entity is 36% lower quarter-on-quarter and 50% lower year-
on-year, driven by higher imports. The resulting profit after tax for the stand-alone entity for the 
quarter at INR55 crores is 41% higher quarter-on-quarter and 112% higher year-on-year for the 
quarter. The stand-alone entity for the full year FY '24 for the top line at INR2,873 crores, which 
is 6% higher than the full year of financial year 2023. This top line increase is driven by higher 
volume sales in both BUs. Further, the coal price reduction has resulted in approximately INR25 
crores savings on power and fuel, despite the higher volumes produced. 
 
Other expenses also have seen INR6 crores improvement, which is largely driven by an 
improvement in the freight costs year-on-year. The combination of these factors has resulted in 
the stand-alone entity having a full year EBITDA at INR319 crores, which is 17% higher than 
FY '23. 
 
Once again, adjusting for the loss of profit impact, the EBITDA increase year-on-year for the 
stand-alone entity is 13.5% year-on-year. The depreciation has increased given the full year 
capitalization for the 2 projects at Site 2 in Mahad that came onstream in Q3 and Q4 for FY '23. 
The finance costs has remained almost flat, leading to a PAT of INR156 crores, which is 16% 
higher versus FY '23. The payable days has improved due to higher imports. The inflow from 
insurance claim and the optimized working capital has generated INR560 crores of cash flow 
from operations for the stand-alone entity, which is 175% higher year-on-year. 
 
Coming to the consolidated results, On a consolidated basis, the top line of INR800 crores for 
quarter 4 of FY '24 is 14% higher quarter-on-quarter and about 9% higher year-on-year for the 
quarter. Gross margin at a consolidated level is 37% for the quarter versus 31% for quarter 3 of 
FY '24 and 34% for quarter 4 of FY '23. 
 
The EBITDA at INR98 crores is 70% higher quarter-on-quarter and 52% higher year-on-year. 
Adjusted for the loss of profit impact, the consolidated EBITDA of INR88 crores is 53% higher 
quarter-on-quarter and 36% higher year-on-year for the quarter. The depreciation on a 
consolidated basis has increased quarter-on-quarter given the capitalization in the subsidiary. 
The consolidated PAT for the quarter at INR44 crores is 64% higher quarter-on-quarter and 83% 
higher year-on-year for the quarter. 
 
Total income of INR2,893 crores at a consolidated level for the company is a growth of 3% year-
on-year, largely driven by the performance of the stand-alone entity. While the gross profit 
margin remained flat year-on-year, the coal price reduction of INR23 crores and a reduction of 
other expenses by INR21 crores has led to an increase in the EBITDA. At INR284 crores, the 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
consolidated EBITDA is 11% higher year-on-year, and adjusted for loss of profit, the EBITDA 
is 7% higher year-on-year. 
 
Annual depreciation at a consolidated level has increased by INR34 crores, largely due to the 
subsidiary capitalization in FY '24, leading to a PAT of INR120 crores, which is in line with the 
PAT of FY '23, which was at INR124 crores. 
 
Active inventory and receivables management has led to a release of working capital at the group 
level. And thus, the cash flow from operations at a group level for the financial year FY '24 is at 
INR598 crores, 140% higher year-on-year. This improvement in the cash flow and operations, 
as Rajan mentioned, supports the company in our growth capex endeavour and ensure that we 
maintain our commitment to a prudent debt-to-equity ratio. 
 
Given the strong cash flow from operations and the robust profitability, the Board has 
recommended a dividend of 30% of face value per share, with a total payout of INR16.5 crores. 
Lastly, the Board has approved the merger of the wholly-owned subsidiary at Lote, Yellowstone 
Fine Chemicals Private Limited, into Laxmi Organic Industries. Not only will this merger be 
more efficient from a capital funding and asset utilization perspective, but also rationalize the 
corporate structure, resulting in savings of administrative and compliance costs. 
 
With this, I hand over to Nishant. 
Nishant Dudhoria: 
Thank you. We may now begin with the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Congratulations on a decent set of performance. First question on the AI part. How has been the 
volume growth in FY '24? And how much further capacity headroom do we have in terms of 
volume and the growth here? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Ankur, Tanushree here. Ankur, the volumes on our Essentials portfolio has grown about 20% 
year-on-year. And as we've stated in the past, we continue the debottlenecking exercise, and we 
can continue to debottleneck to say, about 5% annually. The continuous operational excellence 
program that we have running focuses majorly on these aspects. and hence, the volume increase 
comes without any additional capitalization. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Correct. And this 20% volume growth is for the full year, right, not for the quarter? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
It is for the full year. Quarter-on-quarter, like we mentioned, it is roughly about 14%. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. Secondly, on the Specialty Intermediate business, how has been the customer feedback 
there? You did allude towards slowdown in agro overall as a market. But if you can share some 
thoughts there in terms of how the demand outlook is across the existing as well as the older 
products? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So the first is, I think our results speak for itself. The fact that we are able to grow volumes from 
our asset base enable to place them with our customers, I think I hope that is perceived as a real 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
testimony to our robustness. So as we also have shared in the past, we are nicely pegged and 
hedged when we come into our Specialties segment. So we have about a 25%, give or take, 
exposure to agro. We have 25% to pharma. We have 25% to what we say is pigment solutions, 
and we have 25% exposure to industrial formulators. And under industrial formulators is the 
whole case segment, coating segment. 
 
So I think that is what is giving us, I would say, the leverage to play this. We are consciously 
finding the right balance and also the customer mix across these segments to move along. I hope 
I gave you insight into what we are hearing from our customers in the various segments. So I'm 
wondering would you like me to repeat that specifically, but I thought I'd given you a flavour of 
what we saw and what we are expecting moving ahead from the key segments that we are 
serving. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, sure. Just a follow-up on that. In terms of demand uptake, because this quarter, we have 
seen decent growth, especially in SI business, both on revenue as well as on margin front. So 
how does one look at it? Is there a seasonality handle to it? Or broadly, this is the broader run 
rate that should continue going ahead in FY '25 as well? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So I'm going to -- let me just give you some statistics, right? So I think we've shared that and it's 
there on the presentation that the revenue from the Specialties BU has increased 15% year-on-
year. Even if you see quarter-on-quarter, there has been a robust growth in the sales. Even year-
on-year for the quarter, there has been accrued. So the endeavour is that we continue to grow 
this business in line with keeping a diversified customer and industry base. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
And to add to that, the capex that we have earmarked for Dahej is certainly an expansion of our 
capability for the keeping value chains, which will also keep us in good stead to further penetrate 
these segments and expand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Congratulations on the results. My first question is broadly on the industry, where we've been 
adding a significant capex over the next 2 years. And when we hear your peers in the domestic 
market, even they are putting up a significant capex. So how should we think of the industry 
capacity? Will we have a period where there will be an overcapacity? Do we see that as a risk? 
That's the first question. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Yes. First and foremost, as I have always shared, and I think I have the unique privilege of 
coming with the experience of running a global business and not necessarily running only an 
India business or an Indian company, and I think that's what gives me an interesting thing. It's a 
fair question. I think, as we have always said, first and foremost, independent of capacities, 
overcapacities, one needs to clearly understand what is one's right to win. And that comes from 
your technology edge and that comes from your cost positioning. 
 
And you will see that and you're experiencing that as we speak, right, in a product like ethyl 
acetate, if you look at the landscape of suppliers just domestically, right, you will find a plethora  

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
of up to 15 of them, many of them having subscale capacitiesand as you see the margins 
evolving, you see some of them being not competitive and actually turning down their assets. 
 
So I think that will be always the lens. Even today, as we speak in certain segments now, if you 
take a global lens, there are especially even more upstream, I'm talking about crackers, 
polyolefins, monoethylene glycol, a lot of those value chains, we will certainly we already see 
overcapacity. 
And that is why prices are suppressed as we speak. So hence, for us, as Laxmi, and I can really 
talk only about Laxmi is, when we are being very, very clear, do we have a right to win. And 
when I talk about the right to win is really from a cost positioning perspective, and our right to 
win is are we clearly serving our customers' needs. So that's what is giving us the comfort that 
we are well positioned to ride this wave, and that's why we are investing. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Understood. That's a fair assessment. Just on global opportunity, just from an exports point of 
view, where you would be competing directly with the Chinese peers, right, how are you seeing 
competitive intensity largely in the 4 subsegments which we've talked about? Where do you see 
just from this right-to-win lens where we could have a significant play? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
I think so let's stay with Essentials because the business model is distinctly different, right? And 
I know the colleague from Axis was still referring to AI and SI. I think they have been associated 
with us for a long time. So we call it Essentials and Specialty. So in the lens of Essentials, we 
were always having a good exposure to exports and that's also seen in the presentation that we 
highlighted. And if you look at the previous financial year, we consciously took a step back 
because we found the demand shrinking. 
 
And when you see the demand shrinking, you find people at times taking arbitrary decisions. 
We felt it did not make business sense. But in quarter 4, we have seen also exports kicking in. 
So in our Essentials portfolio, we have 30% of our business. If you look back historically, and 
if you see the run rate is what we will strive for and as primarily ethyl acetate to begin with as a 
key product. So that already, I hope, gives you a sense of what is our right to win. 
 
And secondly, also the fact that despite certain overcapacities in China, you do not see imports 
of ethyl acetate coming into India is I also believe a testimony to our spend to operate and right 
to win and exist in this market. Specialty is a very different ball game. It is all about what is the 
functionality our products are offering. 
So in fact, we are very glad to share also that in one part of our Specialty portfolio, we are serving 
Chinese customers. While the narration is always China coming here, that is also going to show 
the differentiated and strength in certain parts of our portfolio in our Specialties, that is providing 
us again a right to win. 
 
And the prices again, it is very much on the Specialties space as we have also shown you in the 
triangle, the topic from customers is reliability in supply, especially with also the Red Sea crisis 
and others. Again, the sense of having not just in time, but just in case in certain segments of the 
industry is popping up. We will need to see how that evolves. And the topic is more about the 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
functionality and are we able to support their requirements. So that's how we see at this point of 
time between the Essentials and Specialty, and that is what you also see getting reflected in our 
share of domestic and international. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
My first question is on the fluorochemicals. So how do you see the fluorochemical ramp-up in 
FY '25? You've signed a contract with an MNC for delivery in FY '25. So if you could just 
elaborate the size of the contract. And on the duration, is it only FY '25 or beyond the same? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Nitesh, thanks for the question. So let me first address this broadly. So the asset that we have 
established in Lote, what we have always mentioned is we will take 3 years to ramp up that 
facility, and that will provide us a peak revenue of INR200 crores. The effort in the last financial 
year was to really bring this project in control, which we have done, and we are very happy and 
a big shout out to the team who has been an enabler to make that happen. 
 
What has this has also provided is that now customers are viewing us as a very credible player. 
And hence, that's where we got an opportunity, which we called out last time, that with another 
MNC which is an adjacent technology where we have signed it off. I must confess, I would like 
to keep the details of that at bay. 
I hope you can respect that because we are still in the competitive landscape, and I do not want 
to throw out too much there. But I think the 2 elements what I want to talk with you, our line of 
sight for the INR200 crores remains in good stead with the mechanical completion of all the key 
assets that we have done at our current noted sites and new opportunities are coming our way. 
And that's how I believe you should view it. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure, sir. Sir, on the capitalization for FY '24, roughly around INR270 crores, INR275 crores. 
So of this, how much would be fluorochemicals? And what will be the remaining part, if you 
could just share? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So Nitesh, we capitalized about INR190 crores at YFCPL or in the subsidiary. The rest, 
capitalization shows, like I said, from the 2 large projects in at site 2 that got capitalized in Q3 
and Q4 of FY '23and then there are smaller capitalizations that have flown through. If you would 
want a very detailed breakdown of that, happy to sit with you and give you that. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. Just one last question, if I may. On the working capital side, the improvement was 
primarily led by the payable days. So there's a sharp increase in the payable days. If you could 
just elaborate on the same and also on whether such elevated payable days would be sustainable? 
Or will it come back to the normal levels in due course? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
So that's a very fair question, Nitesh. If you look at FY '23, right, in FY '23, what was happening 
is that a lot of our purchase, especially for ethanol, was domestic. And in the domestic landscape, 
when we purchase ethanol, we'll end up paying advance on and we borrow working capital. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
While when we import, we buy on an LC basis. Now what has happened is that in FY '24, not 
only had we bought almost about 95% to 97% of ethanol as imports, but we've also consciously 
realized that unless there's a major price arbitrage, it may make sense for us to continue to import. 
As that trend continues, our payable days will continue to be, as you see currently. 
 
Having said that, it will only be complete to say that while we do see this impact over a period 
once this LC unwinds the sale, the payable days does come down. So while over a period, you 
will see better cash flows from operations, there will be times when they are very high and then 
they are normal. So we've got to look at this from an average perspective and not at a period of 
time perspective. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aryan Bhakoo from Mehta Equity. 
Aryan Bhakoo: 
First of all, congrats on good set of numbers. Actually, we have just added your company to our 
watchlist. So can you just help me understand the ethyl acetate business, like what are the 
margins that are the in this business and the revenue contribution? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Let me take that first. So I think one is, I would say -- as I said, please give us some right to exist 
also. If we keep everything on the open, that makes it too easy for competitors, right? So I think 
-- so the ethyl acetate, as we said, again, let's start with the business model. When we have 
spoken to customers, what are customers seeking of us as a reliable supplier? One, they talk 
about they want predictability in supply chain guarantee. And the second element is they talk 
about competitiveness in pricing. The third element they also remind us is their demand is 
growing. So they are also looking at a partner who can support their growth. So I think that is 
going to be the first thesis. 
 
The second one, as in a lean and reliable business, which you might well know, is you require 
an end-to-end agility right from your buy pattern to the way you are looking at cost positioning, 
your technology differentiation, and that's what gives you the right to say that even in certain 
times, and I gave this example in the call, that why we do not see any Chinese material coming 
into the Indian market is a case in point. So you need to understand what is the right to win when 
you are playing in this market. 
 
The segments we are going to, it's again very diversified. It's part of our presentation and the big 
call-outs like packaging is there you've got agro, you've got pharma, you've got the perfumery, 
so it's coating. So you've got such a very large diversified segment, which is also giving us from 
an accessible market or a strategic relevant market, a big scope to play with, both domestically 
and we are also exporting. We are the largest exporter from India of ethyl acetate, as one specific 
example. 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Just to add to that, right, I think we've been stating this for the last few quarters that on our 
Essentials portfolio, we want to diversify our product profile. And that's something that we've 
achieved. Also, I think if you look at our past presentations, you will see that in the Essentials 
BU, we have said that we will look at targeting a 3 to 5x asset turn and an 8% to 12% EBITDA 
margin. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Aryan Bhakoo: 
Right. Okay. And I see the ethanol is the main raw material for ethyl acetate, right. And so what 
has been the trend of ethanol in the last few years and what the future holds, like just your 
comment on it? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Sorry, can you just repeat your question, please? 
Aryan Bhakoo: 
Sure, sure. I'm saying, ethanol is the main raw material for ethyl acetate, right? So what's been 
the impact of ethanol in the past few years on this and what the future holds? Recall this is 
something that can have a big uptick in your business, right? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
No. So I think one needs to understand again, when you're running a business like lean and 
reliable, again, as I said, ethanol, for more clarification, ethanol is not the only raw material. 
Acetic acid is as important of raw material. You've always got the energy cost that you heard 
from Tanushree. 
The important element is independent of how prices are moving on the RM side is what is the 
flexibility you have to pass them through. That is the criticality. So are you having the best buy 
side? And are you having really the flexibility in the sale side. And the way we have designed, 
I think we have already brought in that flexibility. And that's why you can really look back at 
history, and we have also shared in the July quarter 3 '24 the history thereand maybe you can 
have a reference to that one. 
Aryan Bhakoo: 
Okay. That's really helpful. Just the last point. What's the capacity that we are looking for in the 
next financial year? And if you can share, what's the specific capacity for ethyl acetate? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
We don't share specific capacity. And as an organization, we don't give guidance. And as you 
have just started following our company, if you have any more questions, our request is you get 
in touch with our IR colleagues at SGA and they will help you understand a little more. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Sanjeev 
Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Actually, I had a lot of questions, but one very good direction has been given that I can refer to 
IRA, I mean Investor Relations agency for more details. Actually, one clarification I would like 
to see. Today also, are we import dependent for certain products that we manufacture or as raw 
material for our final product? Or are we fully able to procure locally all our raw materials? 
Tanushree Bagrodia: 
Sir, as we've discussed, we do import, and we do plan to continue to import our major raw 
materials. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
But are the products that we are consuming as raw materials imported? Are they available in 
India or we have to only import them? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So I think it's a very important element. Thanks for the question again. But the very important 
element, as I said, is the excellence in end-to-end steering. What we will always look for is 
various economy of scale and competitiveness. In India today, for many of these key building 
blocks, we do not have economy of scale capacities. Just to give you an example, Celanese, 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
which is one of the largest producers of acetic acid, recently opened up a new facility of 1.2 
million metric ton capacity in North America. The capacities in India are 1/10 of that. So I think 
so for us, the lens is always to be from -- at the end of the day, we want to be competitive and 
support our customers. So we need to find the right levers to make that happen. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Agree, sir. I mean as such available here , but not at competitive prices.  
Rajan Venkatesh: 
and not at the scale. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Right, right, right. These days the prices of acetic acid and all have gone down. And one word I 
have heard is ethanol. So ethanol is the one which is being mixed with the petrol, that is also our 
raw material or it is some other product, sir? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So there are various grades there. So you're correct. So there is a percentage which goes into fuel 
blending, but there is also a percentage that comes into the consumer side and there's a 
percentage that goes into the industry side. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. So we are importing ethanol also or we are procuring... 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Yes. So we are primarily importing. So if you specifically talk about FY '24, as you heard from 
Tanushree, a big chunk was imported. We, in fact, run two facility but that's a smaller part of 
our captive. Majority is procured from the open market. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. Sir, if I can understand Essentials, when you use the word, so is this a chemical name or 
we have given this name to our product? 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
So Essentials is not a chemical name. Essentials is basically the business unit. And I would 
request if you could refer to our July FY '24 presentation, you will get more insights of how we 
have defined our 2 BUs at Essentials and Specialties. These are really coming from customer 
interaction models. And that's how we really bucket our offerings in both these segments as 
Essentials and Specialties. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Rajan Venkatesh: 
Thank you. So I think -- thanks a lot for joining in. Again, let me, first and foremost, conclude a 
few things. One is healthy cash flow from operations at close to about INR600 crores for FY '25 
will fund our growth projects. Our hedged product portfolio catering to diverse industries across 
geographies. Ongoing capex to serve our customer needs will all deliver future growth. With 
this, we are ‘Geared to win’ and ‘Geared for growth’ and remain committed to create long-term 
value for all our stakeholders. 
 
At this point of time, I would also like to call out our customers for valuing us, our shareholders 
for trusting us, my team for their commitment, our communities where we operate for working 
with us, and last but not the least, the Board for their unwavering support. With that, thank you 
all. Have a great day ahead. 

 
 
Laxmi Organic Industries Limited 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Laxmi Organic 
Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
