   
 
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
Registered & Corporate Office: Tower 3, 1st Floor, 
East Wing, Equinox Business Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla (West), Mumbai - 400 070.India 
 T: +91 22 6167 8499   F: +91 22 6167 8383 
W: www.crompton.co.in  CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
Email: crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in    
 
 
 
 
Date: May 23, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(“NSE”), 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
BSE Scrip Code: 539876 
NSE Symbol: CROMPTON 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
ISIN: INE299U01018 
Our Reference: 43/2024-25 
Our Reference: 43/2024-25 
 
   Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015) – Transcript of Earnings Call 
  
With reference to our earlier intimations dated April 26, 2024, and May 16, 2024, regarding the 
Earnings Call on the Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024, held 
on May 16, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the same. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited 
 
 
 
Rashmi Khandelwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS – 28839  
Rashmi 
Khandelwal
Digitally signed by Rashmi Khandelwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=6571, 
pseudonym=133092532660904848ndUPGYW
FT9oI87, 
2.5.4.20=5da9433664eafa69d23a314f5c20da4
5b8c4392b456b9ff24d4c3b398bc97a9d, 
postalCode=400079, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=847b14bda041d6dbff97519363
528ffafbe2af6889746847c8868c38c9be8da4, 
cn=Rashmi Khandelwal 
Date: 2024.05.23 18:14:24 +05'30'

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
Q4 FY24 Post Result Conference Call” 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PROMEET GHOSH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CROMPTON GREAVES 
CONSUMER ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
MR. RANGARAJAN SRIRAM - MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
BUTTERFLY GANDHIMATHI APPLIANCES LIMITED 
MR. KALEESWARAN ARUNACHALAM – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CROMPTON GREAVES CONSUMER 
ELECTRICALS LIMITED 
MS. SWETA SAGAR – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
BUTTERFLY GANDHIMATHI APPLIANCES LIMITED 
MR. YESHWANT REGE – VP, STRATEGY & FPA -
CROMPTON GREAVES CONSUMER ELECTRICALS 
LIMITED 
MS. NATASHA KEDIA – HEAD – INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
ANALYST:             MS. RENU BAID – IIFL SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Renu Baid: 
Hi good evening, everyone. Welcome to the fourth quarter FY24 earnings conference call 
of Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited. Today from the management team we 
have with us, Mr. Promeet Ghosh, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Rangarajan Sriram, 
Managing Director, Butterfly Gandhimathi Appliances, Ms. Sweta Sagar, Chief Business 
Officer, Butterfly Gandhimathi. Mr. Kaleeswaran Arunachalam, Chief Financial Officer.  
Mr. Yeshwant Rege, Vice President, Strategy & Financial Planning.  Ms. Natasha Kedia, 
Head, Investor Relations.  With these words, I now hand over the call to Promeet for his 
opening remarks after which we start with the Q&A.  Thank you and over to you, Promeet. 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Good evening, everyone.  We are doing this in the evening on the day that we announced 
the results for the first time ever I think.  So, hopefully you guys are not too tired out for a 
hectic day earlier today. You know everyone around the table.  I'll quickly introduce Sweta 
Sagar who we have just announced as the Chief Business Officer, who has joined us in 
about a month ago now almost and she's just been announced as the Chief Business Officer 
for Butterfly a couple of days ago.  She is no stranger to kitchen appliances, has about 20 
years of experience much of it Versuni and also at Hindustan Coca-Cola, Hutchison Essar, 
and a few other notable companies.  So, welcome aboard Sweta.  What we will do is, if 
there are some questions that we need to direct you, we will do that, Sweta.  So, I will get 
straight to my remarks.  Again, what we have done is, we have uploaded not only the press 
release, the results, but also a presentation.  I trust all of you had a look at it. 
So, after I made some short remarks, we will go quickly to a Q&A, idea being that we try 
and take as many questions as possible of either from what I say just now or from anything 
else that you may want to talk about.  Now, all of you know this is about the third quarter 
of Crompton 2.0, which we launched after I joined sometime in June.  So, it's helpful I think 
for us to see how Crompton 2.0 is coming along.   
What I am delighted to report is on top of what was a very robust quarter for us Q4 in FY23, 
we had very stellar growth this quarter as well.  We are reporting about 14% growth in our 
ECD business and all of our businesses are practically speaking, we have hit various records 
in terms of our sales this quarter. 
So, having said that, what I am even more pleased to say is a conversation that I have been 
having with you over the last few quarters is that, as we accelerate growth in our portfolio, 
we will do it together with also accelerating profitability and you are beginning to see some 
of that come through.  So, our EBITDA profit which was roughly about 10% for the last 
three quarters is now stepped up to about 12.5%.  That is higher than the EBITDA margin 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 3 of 22 
that we had in the quarter last year despite the fact that we have continued to invest across 
the board in longer term brand building exercise and A&P exercises.   
As you probably know, our A&P is up by about 49% wherein we are investing for the 
future.  We are also investing in other areas, but particularly obvious in brand building and 
there is a further investment of about 14 crores, an expense of 14 crores which has been 
taken this quarter alone towards EPR.  Again, something that I assume you are familiar 
with.  So, with that opening remark, let me quickly get into some of the high points of what 
happened this year. 
Firstly, fans reported the highest quarterly sales this quarter with growth of 13% YoY.  
Pumps grew by 9% and appliances at 27%.  We witnessed an improvement in premium 
saliency YoY of 3 percentage points, that is 300 basis points. In ceiling fans, 380 basis 
points in lighting, and 410 basis points in large domestic appliances.To put our 
premiumization journey in fans in perspective, a year ago we were selling one out of five 
premium fans.  Now, we are probably selling more than one out of every four fans.  We 
have also crossed the milestone by some margin of selling 2 crore fans per annum for the 
first time.  We have had strong double-digit growth in fans in our portfolio for the first time 
since the pandemic.  We have had strong double-digit growth in our fans consistently for 
the last three quarters for the first time since the pandemic and this is of course, also enabled 
us to improve our gross margins in fans and they have gone up order of magnitude from 
about 23% to about 25% this quarter - 23% in Q1 to about 25% in this quarter. 
Remember by the way that we talked a lot about how we were focused a lot on cost saving 
initiatives.  Some of this was taking price increases in the market.  So, that is what's coming 
through.   
In solar pumps, this is a new area that we entered last year.  During the quarter, we secured 
fresh orders of 87 crores making our total empanelment for the year of about 122 crores.  
Needless to say, we have therefore a strong pipeline going forward. 
Air coolers grew at 33%.  We launched new models there.  Small domestic appliances grew 
at 35%.  Large kitchen appliances garnered a revenue of 61 crores.  Now, this is a business 
in which we are investing and our profitability factors in as we have told you before, our 
EBITDA loss of this business.  So, our profit, just for context, there is an EBITDA loss 
which is factored in of 25 crores in this business per annum.  As a part of our investing 
journey in that business, we have set up a new manufacturing line at our Baroda facility. 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 4 of 22 
Lighting for a while has been an area of some anxiety, I am very glad to say is showing 
great signs of having stabilized.  This quarter as well while growth was flat, we can say that 
the degrowth that we persistently saw in this business has stanched. In this, within this, B2B 
in particular has shown robust growth, and you can see the benefits of focusing on enterprise 
projects in a very, very concerted manner come through. 
B2C has still degrown and as you know that is to a great extent because of price erosion in 
our Lamp segments, also to an extent lighting segments.  There is also some degrowth there 
because unlike last year which included conventional lamps, we this year have entirely 
stopped making conventional lamps.  So, there is 0 conventional lamps in our B2C portfolio 
anymore.  So, we have cleaned that up. 
Now, in terms of investments that we are making.  You already know that we have been 
quite focused on A&P spends.  During the year A&P spends were 217 crores, which was 
about 3.14% of our revenue versus about 2.5% of revenue last year.  That's about 1.1% 
higher and that is a structural change that we have done and like I said before, our A&P 
spends are up about 49% over the last year.   
Similarly, we have continued to focus on innovation.  Now, you may have over the last 
quarter also seen some of this translate into a steady flow of patents being granted to us.  
During the year, 85 design registrations were filed, 17 patent applications made, and 10 
patents were granted.  71 crores again, a part of the costs already was incurred towards 
R&D expenditure.  We are working to build on further building on our people's capabilities 
and as you are aware one of the first things we did about Crompton 2.0, was to roll out a 
new organization structure, but we built on that further and now we have probably unveiled 
a corporate purpose and corporate values which are firmly embedded in the way that we do 
our business. 
Even with these higher investments, our Q4 EBIT margin excluding EPR, which as I said 
was about 14.1 crores was robust at 12.3%, which is 1% higher than last year.  ECD EBIT 
margins have consistently increased during the year from 12.7% in Q1 FY24 to 17.2% in 
Q4.  Again, the Q4 number excludes the EPR impact because obviously that is the entire 
impact of EPR has been taken in one quarter.  So, it is not otherwise comparable.  Lighting 
EBIT even as we are coming back to a stable lighting business in the face of declining 
prices in the market, has remained very strong.  So, lighting EBIT margin is at 11.1%, 
again, excluding the EPR impact.  During the year, cash flow from operation was 130% of 
PBT, which compares with about 72% cash conversion last year.  We remained focused on 
expanding our go-to-market and we are further expanding into our alternate channels.  We 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 5 of 22 
reported last quarter that they account now for about 20% of overall sales.  Make no 
mistake, it's very, very important for an organization like us to have a great mix of channels 
because that is the secret to profitability. 
So, while we are investing in alternate channels, which are areas like ecommerce, MOR, 
rural, we are very clear we also are continuing to invest a piece in our general trade channel 
and that's growing as well.  That is also our most profitable channel.   
Some records there, our ecommerce channel recorded for the second time running 
materially higher sales than 100 crores again.  Our rural channel grew at 23% and our export 
channel for this year, for the first time again has hit a record and has crossed 100 crore 
export; still small in context of overall sales, but it is a channel that we are building on and 
you can see the benefits of that come through.  So, we have crossed 100 crores in our exports 
as well. 
Now, very quick word about the future outlook.  This quarter we are continuing seeing a 
fairly strong demand by the summer that we are having this year.  So, we have a positive 
outlook.  We continue to watch the commodity space carefully and we are continuing as 
we have done before to take measured price increases across our product range as we have 
said we would.  We have capitalized on the power of the Crompton brand for requisite 
investments to help the company maintain its competitiveness and gain market share.  
While Crompton 2.0 was launched in Jan 2023 and we called out this new approach,  I am 
glad to say that our focus on revenue growth translating also into profit growth seems to be 
working.   
Insofar as Butterfly is concerned, again those results we announced a couple of days ago.  
As you can see, now we were planning as you recall to merge Butterfly that didn't work 
out.  So, we are moving on.  A transition is well underway in Butterfly and we are 
strengthening the management there.  Sweta joining is one of the key elements of that.  You 
will continue to see some of this going forward.  We are also in the process of making 
various interventions, aligning of policies at Butterfly ensuring that the revenue recognition 
policies etc. are identical to some of those that Crompton follows.  That doesn't mean it 
leads to loss in sales, but what it does do is it differs some times for instance in this case for 
Butterfly sales from one quarter to another. 
There are also settlements that we have closed out.  There are one offs that we have taken 
in that company and clearly, the way forward is to grow from here forward.  This quarter 
the revenue of Butterfly came in at 166 crores.  The EBITDA was -20 crores and you can 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 6 of 22 
tell that the transition is having an impact, and one offs are having an impact on the 
EBITDA there.  You can see some of this in much greater detail if you look at the Butterfly 
results also.  Apart from everything else, this also includes 1.2 crore of EPR that we have 
done.  We have also reorganized our manufacturing facilities, moved them out of one of 
the facilities that we had at Butterfly.  We have surrendered that facility.  So, we don't incur 
the costs, but that does mean that there are some one-off cost from reorganization of 
business at that factory. 
Sustainability.  Sustainability and there is not a company, frankly, which is more in the 
midst of sustainability of global warming as us.  We are the largest fans company arguably 
in the world in ceiling fans, we have a huge position in Pumps, we are the largest residential 
pumps company in the country.  We have a large position in Geyser’s.  We have a large 
position in Air Coolers.  So, a lot of global warming has to do with us, but we are also and 
that of course translates into what it will in terms of a business, but more importantly, we 
are very focused on sustainability and what we do to contribute to global warming, and as 
a measure of some of those efforts, very, very initial measure of some of those efforts, 
there's a DJSI ranking that we participated in and that DJSI Index we came in the 7th ranked 
company globally in our segment, but that is something that we are just getting started in 
and I think you will see more of.  With that, I will open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.  We will now begin the question and answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Aditya Bhartia.  Please go ahead. 
Aditya Bhartia: 
Good evening, Sir, my first question is on the pumps business wherein you highlighted 
some of the solar pumps orders that you have got.  Are we considering Agri Pumps as a big 
opportunity and within that is Kusum scheme something that is exciting us? 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
We are absolutely considering Agri Pumps as an exciting opportunity.  As you will recall, 
that is an area that we went in a quite concerted manner some quarters ago and that is 
bearing results.  So, in fact we have now garnered about 7% to 8% market share in the 
Agri Pumps business.  So, it is a very interesting area for us.  Whether we participate in 
Kusum or not that is something that of course depends on whether the profitability 
metrics of the bids makes sense to us or not, but certainly we see momentum in our Agri 
business and we are being able to build on the strength of our residential business and 
translate that into a much better market position in Agri. 
 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
And just to add to Promeet, there is a strong pipeline that has been built for solar also.  I 
think today we have about 85 plus crores of orders in the pipeline that is executed apart 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 7 of 22 
from the 35 crores of order that we have already executed in Q4 and we will see how the 
momentum carries forward as we look FY25 onwards. 
 
Aditya Bhartia:               Perfect.  My second question is on some of the investments that we have been making, 
like for R&D you mentioned that this year we spent 71 crores, if my memory serves me 
right, we spent almost a similar number last year as well and A&P also we have stepped 
up quite a bit.  So, do you think that now we have hit a sustainable run rate and from here 
on these expenses would possibly be increasing at the same rate as revenues and that one 
time step up that we required is already in the base? 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Yes, I think it is fair to say that the step up is happened and that you would probably see 
these levels being maintained. That is a fair expectation especially as percentage of 
revenue, I think you would see those kinds of levels being mentioned 
 
Aditya Bhartia:               The last one on Butterfly performance.  How should we see that business going forward? 
All the one offs that you highlighted, are they all being taken into account? Is there 
something else as well, some other convergence that we may have to work on in the next 
few quarters? Or from hereon, think things are looking a lot better? 
 Kaleeswaran A:         So, Aditya from a Butterfly perspective, if you look at it, there are 2-3 aspects that we wanted 
to work upon during the course of the year. One is how do we ensure that the channel mix 
is optimized and we make it as a pureplay brand, which is where there is the sense in 
institution and corporate channels, that de-risking is largely completed.  The second is in 
terms of how do we align the policies between Compton and Butterfly at similar levels and 
also ensure that the one-off bits that we have to be taken has been taken and get that sorted.  
By and large that has also been completed.  As we look forward for the next quarters, we 
did convey to you folks, when we met last time, we expect the business to start picking up 
momentum Q2 onwards. That is when you will see both revenue and profitability moving 
up in the right direction.  There are few interventions that we have to make in terms of 
pricing actions that we have to take for that business also.  Those have already started both 
in trade and in ecommerce.  Investments behind the brand continues.  You would have seen 
that even in Q4, we have stepped up our advertisements spends by almost 2.4X compared 
to the previous year.  So, overall, in a nutshell, by and large the revenue corrections are 
done.  We now need to focus how do we get the revenue growth back.  The investments 
towards the revenue growth, let it be people or let it be the A&P spends has been incurred 
and we will continue to incur.  The policy alignments are lastly done one or two here and 
there could be there.  Q2 onwards we should start seeing a lot of these things reflecting 
back in the results. 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 8 of 22 
Promeet Ghosh:               I would say substantially done. 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, two questions.  One, we have spent considerably in ad spend and R&D, so in this 
case, the best way to measure any ROI is increase in market share on higher ad spend and 
R&D.  So, if you can indicate what are the market share gains, we would have got or 
observed across the segments be it in premium products or the let's say overall categories 
itself?  That is question 1.  In terms of question 2, at the time of strategy 2.0 presentation, 
we had seen a possibility of entry in multiple categories that is cables, wires, switches, 
switch gears, even white goods also.  So, any further progress on that front?  One last 
question is in terms of Butterfly was expected to be earning accretive in year one, but now 
almost year two is over.  So, when do we see the earning accretion from this acquisition? 
That is it from my side. Thanks. 
 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
From a market share perspective, that is the right perspective to look at it, Aniruddha.  
Glad to state that our market share has gone up in ceiling fans.  Our market share has 
gone up in premium fans within ceiling also.  So, we are moving in the right trajectory 
from that perspective. Even more important to look at that in a category like Geysers, 
based on the investments that we have made behind the brand; we have today become a 
#1 player in ecommerce.  Looking forward in categories like lighting where we haven't 
advertised in the past ever, we have just started investing behind the brand.  We are seeing 
early signs of results in categories like ceiling etc. moving in the positive direction.  
Having said that, market share is an outcome of various things that we do.  It is not right 
to link it only to A&P spends that is going to have.   
 
As we talked about earlier, one is first how do we have an organization that is driving 
consumer led innovation where we invest behind this and get new products that are more 
relevant for the consumers, which goes beyond the functionality.  Second is how do we 
leverage our go to market strength.  Now, go to market we are not only talking about the 
traditional trade which continues to be a great strength for us, but also the alternate 
channels and how do we increase the share of business from that perspective.Third is on 
ground execution and outcome of this is what you see in market share, but independent of 
that we are seeing positive actions and positive trends in market share already.  
 
The second question was in terms of new categories.  I think as we said last time, that's an 
indicative reference of what is the lay of the land available for us and how do we want to 
go about it.  Yes, obviously we will look at new categories and at appropriate time will 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 9 of 22 
come back and communicate what categories we are entering.  This is something sensitive 
and we wouldn't be able to put it up front, but the vectors that we will look at is, one is 
either our go to market strength or the solutions that we want to look at like large kitchen.  
That is what will drive our entry into new categories.  Things like white goods are not 
even in the thought process to see whether we have to look at it. 
 
Butterfly, we made some clarification about the path that we want to take on Butterfly in 
the last two earnings call.  The idea for Butterfly is there was a clear opportunity to see 
whether you make it as a commoditized business which is a mass brand that can be price 
led at a price warrior play or the alternate choice was it's a young brand, a market leader 
in South, consumers resonate with it in a very, very good manner.  How do we play to the 
strength of the brand?  That means that the business had to take tough calls which means 
it has to bite the bullet and correct sales and channels like institution and corporate, which 
are not sustainable because the moment you find that you are getting a Butterfly gas stove 
in an oil marketing company when you buy a cylinder or when you go to a Reliance 
Retail and find out along with the garment, you buy a mixer and the brand equity goes 
down. 
 
So, that's a conscious call to ensure that we correct these channel mixes, ensure that we go 
to the right channel mix, and also take the other things that we need from one off thing 
that we talked about earlier.  So, from our perspective, this is not a business that we are 
looking at a one quarter, two quarter perspective.  We are committed to this brand.  We 
are continuing to invest behind the brand.  We are confident that it will have robust 
performance as we move forward. 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
All I'd say is that your point about investing in the brand and investing in R&D and 
innovation translating into market share is right, but fundamentally what this is doing for 
us, is not only strengthening our position today, but getting us future ready and the future 
is changing faster than any of us might imagine.  Consumer preferences are changing 
rapidly and regulations are changing rapidly. What all of this does is that it not only 
translates into market share gains which we are seeing, but hopefully makes our position 
much more robust for the future 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Got it Sir. Very helpful.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question we have is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. 
 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 10 of 22 
Rahul Gajare: 
Thanks for the opportunity and I would actually like to congratulate the team for the 
improved disclosures, giving better color on the performance.  So, that is something 
which I wanted to say upfront.  My question is on the Pumps business.  Now, can you talk 
about the margin range that you typically have for these pumps orders that you would be 
having, and the execution cycle including the cash collection timelines in such orders?  So 
that's the first question. 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
The profit profile in solar pumps is very good and as is the cash flow cycle.  So, for a 
large bulk of the orders that we executed last year, the money is in the bank. 
 
Rahul Gajare: 
Okay.  And margin, I was not able to hear the margin? 
 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
So, we don't disclose segment wise. 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
So, the point we are making is that while we don't disclose segment wise margins, the 
margins in this business are very good. 
Rahul Gajare:                  Sir, my second question is one data point, the EPR number for this particular quarter, if 
that is something you can maybe provide, I missed that number when you were giving 
your opening remark. 
Promeet Ghosh:               Standalone 14.1 crores and 15.2 crores consol. It is also there in the press release that we 
have made. 
Kaleeswaran A.                And that is a fully a liability accrued in Q4. 
Rahul Gajare:                  Sure, thank you and all the best. 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations team for the strong performance.  One 
question from my side as committed, can you share some more insights in terms of what 
exactly we are doing in Butterfly to turn the business around and drive growth and volumes 
and from a medium term perspective, how should one look at profitability, and around this, 
Sweta who just joined the team, if she can also add her perspective of her readings in terms 
of shortcomings in the portfolio and where she would like to work upon to strengthen the 
business positioning and drive the goals? Thank you. 
Sweta Sagar: 
So, thank you for your wishes in first place.  It has been about a month and half in this 
organization.  Being associated with Butterfly is very, very exciting because it's a brand 
which has very strong brand equity as well as leadership in the segments in which it 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 11 of 22 
operates.  So, while we have our own strength, the way we are looking at this business to 
move forward is that it is equally essential for all of us to look at the way how we evolve 
in the dynamic kitchen appliances industry that we operate and to keep up with the 
consumer engagement which is also ever changing like Promeet mentioned something 
back.  
  
For my initial thoughts, what we are trying to lay out in this journey is that while revenue 
and profitability become the end result, we are planning to have five key areas in which 
we will focus and we will try to track the business through those five focus areas.  The 
first one is going to be in terms of meaningful innovation, both from a portfolio point of 
view and from looking at new need statements that the consumer can attribute to.  The 
second is about striking a balance in the channels in which we operate and continue to be 
competitive in that.  The third one is that we will continue our efforts in terms of building 
productivity and efficiencies in all the functions and all the metrics that we are trying to 
focus on.  Of course, the fourth piece is about building customer and consumer 
engagement, but to get to all of that, we are also focusing on building people capability.  
So overall. In this new phase of growth, we are aiming to build a very high energetic team 
that can embody and live our CREATE values.  So, that's how we are looking at taking 
Butterfly forward. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Sure.  Any inputs in terms of the margin outlook?  Can we expect the margins, in 2-3 
years to be double digit or they'll be in high single digit levels? 
 
Kaleeswaran A.               In the long run we should look at a double digit margin for this business, Renu, but in the 
near term we want to get this back on growth, get into a category EBIT margin that the 
business used to operate say 1-2 years back and then expand from there. 
 
 
Promeet Ghosh:               Also, on margins, one of the things you should be cognizant about Butterfly which is for 
instance, a little bit distinct from Compton is that Butterfly is a much more higher 
operating leverage business.  So, as some of the building blocks that we put in place and 
revenue comes back, you will see a disproportionate impact on margin. 
 
Renu Baid: 
Got it.  Thanks much, team.  Thank you and all the best. The next question is from the line 
of Akshen Thakkar from Fidelity. 
 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 12 of 22 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Couple of my questions got answered.  My question was around the ECD business. 
Promeet when you came in, you highlighted the fact that this is a category which needed 
investments that there was a little more focus on profitability rather than profitable growth 
and last three, four quarters has been a good journey.  Given where you are in the cycle 
today, do you feel comfortable with where margins are in ECD business alone and 
slightly shorter term question you commented on summer having a positive impact on 
demand, how are you seeing demand on the ground in the last 8-12 weeks, just qualitative 
comments around that would be useful?  Thanks. 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
See, as I told you, we continue to work on multiple levers at the same time.  So, at one 
end we are obviously focused on executing well.  At another end, we are working on 
investing in our people, investing in consumer and customer engagements, our channel 
partner engagement, we are also simultaneously investing in our innovation and our A&P.  
Having said that, as you all know, there is also a huge focus on Unnati, which is our cost 
vector and while you didn't see it earlier, some of the benefits of that are now coming 
through.  I remember people are telling me earlier that, your margins have come down 
because you are filtering away the growth.  I said not only us, everybody in the fans 
business and as well as in the other businesses, particularly in the fan business, the BEE 
transition made a difference to our margins.  What we have done is even as we invested 
for the future, we have also focused on costs and that is why you see the changes in the 
margins that we are getting today.  And needless to say, that continues apace.  So, we are 
continuing to take both measured price increases sometimes or even frequently, not the 
approach that the rest of the industry is taking, but we are taking them and we are working 
on costs.  So, yes, I remain quite positive about the way margins will evolve going 
forward, because at the end of the day that is what we have been saying.  We want 
revenue growth and profit growth. So that's what you will see.  Insofar as the outlook for 
the summer is concerned, actually the demand outlook has been reasonably good.  There 
have been some rains the last few days, but other than that the demand outlook has been 
quite robust. 
 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Okay.  I'm just going to slip in one more question on the lighting business.  It has been 
notoriously volatile and as investors, as analysts, this has been a business both on top line 
and on margins. Not just for you, I would say for every other company as well. Really 
difficult to call.  The pricing is not really in your hand, so given that, how do you really 
handicap growth in this business? I really don't know next three years or the sales would 
be flat, down 10, up 20, and similarly for margins. 
 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 13 of 22 
Promeet Ghosh: 
I understand.  So, let me just help you on that journey without giving too much away 
about it, but I hope that it, it should be indicative.  Lighting is two businesses.  Lighting is 
B2B and B2C, they are different businesses. There is a steady price erosion in B2C, 
particularly in lamps, that price erosion element is not particularly true of B2B.  There, 
that business has a considerable degree of impact coming out of the investments that, for 
instance, the Government of India is making an infrastructure.  So, whether there's a 
Coastal Road which we did or a new Jewar Airport which we are doing or a bunch of 
metro projects that we are a part of, all of these impacts the B2B business. In particular, as 
I said, specific to Crompton, we have built up over the last three quarters a very robust 
enterprise business, but B2B also has a small business segment, which grows in line with 
the economy, but we have in a targeted fashion built up an enterprise business.  So, you 
now know what the demand drivers for the B2B business are.  Margins by the way 
between these two businesses are not dramatically different.  They are roughly similar.  In 
one, you have to have a large sales force, in the other you don't.  It's much more 
individual, the cost of servicing is much lower.  Now, in the B2C business, there are three 
parts.  There are lamps, there's battens, and there are ceiling lights.  Now, last couple of 
years you have seen a price erosion.  Now, that price erosion, very tough to tell where it's 
going to go, but it's there.  You have to track what's happening in the market and then 
you'll have a certain volume growth and then the prices will fall and therefore the overall 
revenue will often be a degrowth because the price erosion has been so strong.  Will the 
price erosion continue forever? Obviously not.  The price erosion is happening because 
the Chinese for their part are trying to lower their kits that they sell to India, because they 
have problems in selling in the rest of the world.  Now, that can't go on forever.  So, at 
some point in time, this cost driven price erosion will stop.  I can't tell you where exactly 
it will stop, but it can't go on forever.  Certainly, to our mind, that’s not where we expect 
this to go.  So, you will see then the volume growth and lighting translated into revenue 
growth.  Having done all of this, it's very important when there is price erosion happening 
that you don't fritter away your margins.  It’s very, very easy to fritter here, so you have to 
watch margins of each one of these players very, very carefully in lighting.  That's the 
trick. 
 
Akshen Thakkar.: 
What is the mix? 
 
Promeet Ghosh:               Roughly equal.  
 
Moderator: 
We will move to the next question, which is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from 
Avendus Spark.  Please go ahead. 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 14 of 22 
Ravi S:                            Thanks for taking my question.  I’m once again trying to harp on the growth potential for the 
fans category both from a short-term perspective and from a slightly long-term perspective.  
Short-term in the sense thinking about last year's high inventory level due to BEE changes 
and this year summer being quite strong, at least for the industry, what kind of growth that 
one can have? 
Promeet Ghosh:             No, one sec, you said high low base level, I think that the fundamental misunderstanding of 
how our business is done, but let's come back to that. 
Ravi S.: 
No, last year there was a bit of a non-BEE rated fans. And also from say slightly long-term 
perspective with respect to say the real estate market is likely to do well and some of the 
competition, is there any change in terms of dynamics where they are slowing down or 
something of that sort?  So, what kind of growth that we can think of say FY25 and then 
over the 2-3-year period? 
Promeet Ghosh: 
Sorry Ravi if I may, if you will allow me just to explain, one size doesn't fit all.  So, you 
need to understand this.  The approach that different companies took to different 
businesses to the BEE transition was quite different.  The way that Crompton took the 
BEE transition, which as you recall happened on the 1st of Jan 2023 is that Crompton 
stopped production of Non-BEE fans sometime during the quarter preceding 1st of Jan 
2023.  What we did instead, we did not stuff the channel with huge amount of inventory 
of non-BEE fans in the quarter ended December 2022. 
You can just go back and have a look at the numbers.  What that enabled us to do is that 
in the quarter from Jan 2023 to March 2023, that was actually a very strong quarter for us 
because we had not gone and put a lot of fans into the market.  So, the quarter Q4 of 
FY23 was a very strong quarter for us.  What we are doing this quarter is breaking many 
of the records and all of the records that that quarter did in getting the growth that we are 
doing.  So, there's a very different approach that we took.  November 2022, we actually 
stopped making fans. So, that's point #1.   
 
Point #2, insofar is the short run and the long run of fans is concerned, short run you can 
see.  There is a reasonable amount of demand momentum.  Certainly, we are seeing it 
whether others are seeing it or not is another question.  We do see some of our peers 
being quite aggressive in the market in order to get growth and I can see that some of the 
aggression is translating into margins going the other way than the way that they are 
going for us, but that is their choice.  We are continuing to increase prices and seeing the 
growth that we are.  And the short run is of course helped by the summer and even 
consumer demand, there is an uptick that we are seeing in the market. 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 15 of 22 
Now, insofar the future is concerned, the future we are particularly optimistic about.  
Remember that the world is getting warmer.  When the world gets warmer, you need more 
cooling devices, and you use cooling devices for longer periods of time.  So, where you had 
one fan, you would probably have one fan, one personal cooling device, maybe two cooling 
devices, two personal TPW fans in the same room.  Even if you have an AC you would 
have this. Therefore even have more fans.  For a vast, vast majority of the country going 
all the way to air conditioners is not an option and will never be an option.  In fact, across 
the world you find people, even where people can afford air conditioners, you will find 
people asking for fans of various types in order for them to supplement their cooling 
solutions. When it heats, it also cools.  So, you have geysers which plays well to us.  Lastly, 
for a bulk, a huge majority of our people as the world gets warmer, as the temperature 
outside gets warmer, another cooling device is the air cooler, because the refrigerant there, 
the coolant there is at room temperature, and easily available.  Of course, you have to get 
that water which is where our pumps business comes in and at some other point in time, I'll 
tell you how that places us squarely in the middle of people who global warming is 
impacting. In our case, beneficiary.  So, it's a very interesting space in our view is fans. 
Ravi S:                              Okay.  So, say next year kind of 15% kind of growth for the industry? 
Kaleeswaran A.: -            We do not give period term projections, allow us to skip that. 
Moderator:                       The next question is from the line of Charanjeet Singh from DSP Mutual Funds.  Please 
go ahead. 
 
Charanjeet Singh: 
Sir my question is basically on the kitchen as a segment, so we have seen COVID related 
boom in the overall category, then it kind slowed down.  So, how do you see kitchen 
appliances and kitchen as a category going forward in next 2-3 years perspective, is it going 
to come back or it could take much more longer and also real estate related demand, from 
the real estate cycle perspective, most of our products have connect with that particular 
category.  How is that showing traction?  These are the two questions. 
 
Promeet Ghosh: 
I will answer the second question first.  Actually, in our business, insofar as I assume, you 
are talking about fans. If you are talking about fans, fairly large share of our fans 
business, the demand is generated from replacement and not just necessarily from new 
builds.  So, in terms of the new builds are concerned, it has an impact, but obviously 
replacements have a much higher impact. Now, insofar as how that is going, we are 
actually seeing, and we have put it out in the presentation as well, that new builds are 
going up. There is across eight cities in India, new builds are going up. So that will impact 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 16 of 22 
us positively in any event. At least for us, the business consistently over the last three 
quarters, I said earlier, that for the last three quarters we have consistently shown strong 
double-digit growth, which I don't think there is anybody else in this business, other than 
maybe start-ups who don't have the same scale.  
 
So, insofar as kitchen appliances concerned, maybe I will take a shot and why don't you 
supplement, Sweta. My understanding is that currently kitchen appliances, yes, the 
growth remains moderate. I should tell you, having said this, that even though kitchen 
appliances have come away from a spike from COVID, the growth is moderated across 
companies, including Butterfly. In Crompton by the way, Crompton has an SDA business. 
And that SDA business, what we call small domestic appliances, which is really kitchen 
appliances. Now, that business has consistently grown at close to 30%, quarter after 
quarter, and is actually a fairly reasonable sized business, though we don't exactly 
disclose the size of the business currently. So, when we talk about the kitchen appliances 
business, we are talking about the broader picture and not specifically about a part of the 
business, which is certainly firing quite well for us currently. So, the thing is that yes, 
there is that the spike after COVID is probably towards the end of playing out. Kitchen is 
such a fundamental requirement that tough to see the demand remain depressed for too 
long. So it will come back and it will come back well. And that's what I think we are all 
watching for.  
 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from Saumil Mehta from Kotak Life. Please go ahead. 
 
Saumil Mehta: 
So two questions from my side. One is, when I look at the fans growth, what you have 
given, you mentioned a comment that is largely volume led growth for the 11% growth, 
what we have done for FY24. Now, I believe this will also have a traction of BLDC fans 
which will be high priced. You also talked about the overall premiumization strategy 
going well. So what I want to understand in the economic segment is there quite a bit of 
deceleration, which is actually pulling down the overall realization? And my second 
question is with respect to the channel. While the ecom channel for us is going very 
strongly, at the EBIT level, while I am not looking at a specific number, but at the EBIT 
level, how different are the margins directionally in ecom versus a general trade or a 
model trade? Those are the two questions. Thank you.  
 
Kaleeswaran A.: 
I will take the later one first and come back to the other one, where we don't disclose 
channel based profitability. Fundamentally, we are a company that is led by unit 
economics. That is extremely critical for us when we decide to play in any channel. So all 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 17 of 22 
our channels are profitable and the difference is not significantly different between one to 
another. There is reasonable difference between channels, but otherwise the unit 
economics is pretty strong across all channels.  
 
On the first question, in terms of the market and how the market is going in terms of fans 
as a category, we see this in two segments. I think there is one, there is premium and then 
there is mass. Now BLDC is a sub segment of the premium fans that we play in. And we 
do see from a category perspective, premium fans are growing at almost a 2x of the 
overall category growth for fans has been growing in. In terms of mass premium or the 
value segment is concerned, if I look at our overall fans performance on the market share 
also, it's reflecting that we are moving in the right direction. Equally important to look at 
non-ceiling as a category. So today we see there is a significant opportunity in TPW, 
exhaust and DOMEX fans. Quarter after quarter we have seen strong double digit growth 
in this category also. And as we look at the future, this is another area where we think the 
growth can be sustained. This will happen both in traditional trade and in e-commerce for 
some of these products.  
Moderator: 
We will move to the next question from Aditya from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.  
Adithya S.: 
Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the kind of volume growth 
in the ECD segment. So, you have mentioned that you have taken three price hikes in the 
second half in fans. So it'll be great if you could help us understand the kind of price and 
volume growth for fans, appliances and pumps.  
 
Kaleeswaran A.:              See, again, we do not give you very specific details of what is the mix between price 
volume and this. The thing that I would like to say is, it is pretty strong. When I am 
talking about market share being gained in categories, it doesn't happen without your 
volume growing. Fundamentally, we need to act like a market leader. If we are a market 
leader, we need to ensure that the price actions are taken across all the categories. So it's 
not only to do with fans, we have taken price increase in pumps also, and in some cases 
even in LDA and SDA too. It does not ensure means that the volumes have driven, we are 
seeing strong double digit volume growth both in the quarter for fans and for the full year 
as overall fans as a business.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Natasha Jain:                   Sir, in terms of volume, you said that you grew by strong double digit in fans, is that 
correct? 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 18 of 22 
Kaleeswaran A.:              That’s right 
Natasha Jain:                   All right. So now when I see, sequentially your premium saliency that has actually 
reduced from 26.5% to 24.3%. So I just want to understand, was the volume growth in 
premium fans lesser than the mass? First is that. And second, you said that you took price 
hikes in fans, but at an EBIT level, despite all your categories growing strongly, be it 
appliances or pumps, even fans, we have not seen that translate. So where, I mean, 
operating leverage benefits should have kicked in at such strong numbers. So is it that the 
price hike were not absorbed by the channel or the consumer? So those are my two 
questions.  
Kaleeswaran A.:              Let me first start with the second question. Just to remind you, if you go back to Q1, the 
EBIT margin for our ECD segment was 12.7%. As we speak today, our EBIT margin for 
ECD is at 16.7%. So there has been a significant 400 bps movement in terms of the ECD 
margin going up. This is backed by two or three actions.  
Promeet Ghosh: 
I mean, are we speaking the same numbers here? There is a big change in EBIT margin.  
Natasha Jain:                   Sir, I meant more on a year-on-year basis, not from first quarter to fourth quarter.  
Kaleeswaran A.:              Yes. Now when you look at year-on-year basis, as we talked about it, we entered the year 
on the back of a BEE transition. The cost of increase that has been made on the fans 
business was never absorbed. Our price increases started kicking in from September, and 
this has been sequential. We took one in September, one in November, one in February. 
We are looking at one more as we speak. So these are catch up price increases that has 
happened over a period of time and not something that happened in the beginning of the 
year. So which is why if you look at an exit margin to exit margin, you are seeing 400 
pips improvement in ECD margin led by some of these price increases in the fan segment. 
So that shows that the direction is right. And even on a full year basis, if I take the 
combined margin of where we were in the beginning of the year to now, we are at about 
14.5% ECD EBIT margin compared to about 12.5% percentage in the first quarter. So 
significant needle has moved in terms of ECD margin; that's one.  
Promeet Ghosh: 
And by the way, that is happening despite the stepped up investment. And despite the fact 
that there is a 14 crore heat on the company, which you can get the details of how that's 
split to ECD, that was not there last year. So you may just need to make those corrections 
as well.  

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 19 of 22 
Kaleeswaran A.:             Maybe you can speak to Natasha, she can help you to bridge this and how to read it. Now, 
insofar as your first question is concerned, your quarterly premium mix are not comparable 
because fans is a seasonal business. Q4 and Q1 are our largest quarters where we will see 
the maximum number of sales happening. And we being the market leader, it is always led 
by a large part of business coming through ceiling. And then you have the premium fans 
following it up. And overall if you also see, the mix is between ceiling and TPW. In 
quarters, you will also see TPW saliency going up and ensuring that the premium fans as a 
percentage will be down but in absolute it is far higher and that's reflected in terms of the 
market share gain also.  
Promeet Ghosh:               It also stands to reason, when the demand is summer driven, then functionality is the 
primary driver of fans. And later on, the year when the demand is much more up 
gradation driven, then obviously the more premium fans sell more. So that you can see 
that the premiumization changes as we go along. It's not the same across, actually we will 
be happy to help you through this because there is an improvement at the gross margin 
level, there's an improvement at the EBIT margin level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddartha Bera:            Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, again just continuing on margins on the ECD side, if we look 
at going ahead these price hikes which you said have been taken and will get absorbed 
going ahead, and we will see more benefits probably on the synergy side which you had 
said that we do more of. There will be a lot of synergy benefits from Butterfly as well in 
the appliances side. So should we expect, just to understand the push and pull factors on 
margins from the current levels going ahead.  
Kaleeswaran A:               So again, Siddhartha, we do not want to give a forward guidance. We are here for the Q4 
earnings. Happy to discuss that as to how are we progressing on that. But directionally, as 
you could see when we talked about the Compton 2.0 strategy and how do we want to 
move ahead with, you are seeing significant improvement in the margin journey has 
already happened. What are some of the fundamentals that we will be guided by in terms 
of the margin for future? We are an organization that stands for growth. That's what we 
want to focus upon and that is what the crux of Compton 2.0 is all about. But at the same 
point of time, unit economics is also going to be guarded against. And if it means that 
there is a price increase that needs to take to protect the margins consistently, that would 
happen. That is exactly the reason why we are investing behind the brand, to ensure that 
there is an organic demand that gets generated, and you don't want to be in a situation 
where you become a price warrior or a price led business. So I don't think so we are 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 20 of 22 
looking at from that perspective on the way forward. You will see consistent actions as 
we move forward too. 
Siddartha Bera:               Got it. 
Promeet Ghosh:              One way of looking at margins also is that you can look around and see how margins are 
moving for some of our peers and that in the context, to see the kind of step up in margin 
that we are seeing, will put things in perspective. There is a material downward 
movement, particularly where the ECD mixes are comparable, there is a material change 
Siddartha Bera:               Got it, sir. Sir lastly on this, what will be your CapEx plan for the next two years?  
Kaleeswaran A:               Roughly, we are looking about 80 to 100 crores. This will be largely towards 
manufacturing capability improvement, also behind product development and product 
innovation.  
Moderator:                       Thank you. We will take the last question from line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead.  
Achal Lohade:                 One quick question. If you look at the other expense, I am talking about 3Q to 4Q, it has 
increased by about 10%. And of that, almost 80%, Rs. 14 crores is EPR cost. If I look at 
the top line growth, the top line growth Q-o-Q is 23%. Can you help us understand is 
there any reversal of provisions? If you also could help us with the A&P cost for the third 
quarter and fourth quarter of FY24, please? 
Kaleeswaran A:               See, the other expenditure, as you rightly said, includes EPR. If I look at the absolute 
increase in other expenditure on a quarter-on-quarter, which is year-on-year basis, there is 
about roughly Rs. 45 crores increase. And a large part of this is the marketing spends 
increase that we have got followed by the increase in EPR of about Rs. 14 crores.  
You are talking sequentially? Sequentially, you see, the increase is largely on account of 
EPR only, nothing else. Your marketing expense is in line with the Q3. The Q3 spend 
itself was on a higher base.  
Promeet Ghosh:           So, you know, just so because you are looking at the 31st December 2023, that is Rs. 202 
crores, isn't it? You are looking at consol or standalone? It is easier to explain in standalone 
Achal Lohade:                 No, I am talking about standalone. Where I am coming from is that the margins 
improvement is actually there in the standalone from 3Q to 4Q, a substantial margin 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 21 of 22 
improvement. And if I see the gross margin, they are stable Q-o-Q, while the EBITDA 
margin is entirely driven by the other expenses. The percentage came down, and if I look 
at the absolute adjusting for Rs. 14 crores of EPR impact, then the increase is hardly 2 or 
3% while the top line growth is 23% to be precise. So I was just curious if there is a QoQ 
reduction in A&P or any reversal? 
Kaleeswaran A:              There is no reversal, first. Let me split this for you to understand this better. The way you 
need to look at is, sequentially first, the growth that you are referring is on a sequential 
basis typically. The quarterly basis is not comparable.  Rs. 190 crores are what we spent in 
previous year Q4, that has moved to Rs. 223 crores. Now within this, there is about Rs. 14 
crores increase on account of EPR and Rs. 14 crores increase on account of marketing 
spends when you compare it on year-on-year basis. On a sequential basis, the absolute 
marketing spends has remained the same between Q3 and Q4 and you have incremental 
investments on EPR of Rs. 14 crores that we talked about. That's broadly the reconciliation. 
Promeet Ghosh:               There are no reversals.  
Achal Lohade:                  Understood. Thank you so much.  
Renu Baid:                       Thank you management team and the audience for being patient. Thank you for giving 
IIFL the opportunity to host this call. Promeet, any closing remarks from your end before 
we sign off for the day?  
Promeet Ghosh:             Thank you for joining the call. Appreciate your doing it quite late in the day and trust we 
have answered your questions. And, if you have any remaining questions, needless to say, 
please contact Natasha and if needed, we can set up further discussions for you to get a 
better understanding of where the company is going. Well, have a great evening.  
Kaleeswaran A:               Thank you, everyone.  
Renu Baid:                       Thank you. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
Investor Relations: 
crompton.investorrelations@crompton.co.in  
 
 

Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited  
May 16, 2024 
Page 22 of 22 
Registered Address: 
Tower 3, 1st Floor, East Wing, 
Equinox Business Park, 
LBS Marg, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400070 
Website: www.crompton.co.in  
CIN: L31900MH2015PLC262254 
