 
 
Persistent Systems Limited, Bhageerath, 402 Senapati Bapat Road, Pune 411 016, Maharashtra, India  
 
CIN - L72300PN1990PLC056696 
Tel:  +91 (20) 670 30000 | Fax - +91 (20) 6703 0008 | E-mail - info@persistent.com | Website - www.persistent.com 
 
NSE & BSE / 2024-25 / 023 
 
April 25, 2024 
 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Ref: Symbol: PERSISTENT 
The Manager 
Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
14th Floor, P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533179 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the investor/analyst call held on Monday, April 22, 2024 
Ref:  
Our earlier intimations under reference no. NSE & BSE / 2024-25 / 016 titled as 
‘Outcome and Audio call Recording of investor/analyst call held on Monday, April 22, 
2024’ 
 
In continuation to the above-referred intimations and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the 
investor/analyst call held on Monday, April 22, 2024, for the quarter and year ended on March 31, 2024. 
 
The transcript of the investor/analyst call is also made available on the Company’s website. 
 
The link to access the same is as follows: Analyst-Call-Transcript-Q4-FY24.pdf (persistent.com) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Please acknowledge the receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
 
 
Amit Atre 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No.: A20507 
Encl: As above 
Amit 
Murari Atre
Digitally signed by 
Amit Murari Atre 
Date: 2024.04.25 
21:04:55 +05'30'

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
“PERSISTENT SYSTEMS EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL, 
FOURTH QUARTER, FY24, ENDED MARCH 31, 2024” 
April 22, 2024 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Dr. Anand Deshpande 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Sandeep Kalra 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
Mr. Sunil Sapre 
Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Saurabh Dwivedi 
Head, Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Persistent Systems Earning 
Conference Call for the 4th Quarter of FY24 ended March 31, 2024. We have 
with us on call today, Dr. Anand Deshpande - Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Sandeep Kalra - Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, 
Mr. Sunil Sapre - Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Saurabh Dwivedi - Head of Investor Relations. Please note, all participants 
line will be in ‘listen only’ mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the management's opening remarks.  
Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please raise your 
hand from the Participant tab on the screen. While asking questions, 
requesting you to please identify yourself and your company. Please note, 
this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Kalra. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, moderator. Good morning and good evening to all of you, 
depending on where you are joining from. I'm pleased to share that we 
concluded our board meeting today at our Bridgewater office in New Jersey, 
US. I'm joined today by our leadership team here for this call.  
I would like to start by wishing a Happy New Year to all of you who are 
celebrating the start of a new year as per the Indian calendar. With this, let 
me start with a quick financial summary.  
We delivered revenues of USD 310.9 million for Q4 FY24. This translates into 
a growth of 3.4% quarter-on-quarter and 13.2% on year-on-year basis. In 
Rupee terms, the growth for the quarter came in at 3.7% quarter-on-quarter 
and 14.9% on year-on-year basis. This is our first ever quarter wherein we 
crossed the quarterly revenue run rate of INR 2,500 crores, which translates 
into an annual run rate in excess of INR 10,000 crores. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
On a constant currency basis, the growth for the quarter came in at 3.4%, 
same as the dollar revenue growth. For the full year FY24, we achieved a 
revenue of USD 1,186 million, giving us a growth of 14.5% on a year-on-year 
basis compared to FY23. I would like to emphasize, that this is purely an 
organic growth, which basically means that we did not have any acquisitions 
through the financial year.   
Coming to the EBIT side, our EBIT margin for Q4 came in at 14.45%. The Q4 
EBIT margin was in a narrow band compared to the last quarter. This was on 
account of ramp-up of larger vendor consolidation deals that we won over 
the last couple of quarters, with a relatively higher onsite proportion to start. 
The ramp-up in this quarter included a one-time transition cost along with 
lower utilization and higher travel cost. This impacted the EBIT, which was 
compensated by a reduction in earnout liability with respect to one of our 
acquisitions that did not perform in line with our business case. Sunil will 
provide more color on the EBIT margin movement later in this call.  
During the next 12 months, given the challenging macro environment, our 
goal is to maintain top quartile growth, while maintaining margins at the 
current year. We will be working towards improving utilization, onsite- 
offshore mix, and other operational efficiencies to ensure we keep moving 
towards our medium-term target of improving margins by 200 to 300 basis 
points over the next 3 years.  
Now coming to the order book for the quarter. The total contract value for 
the quarter came in at $447.7 million, with TCV of new bookings being $302 
million. The annual contract component of this TCV is $316.8 million, of 
which ACV from new bookings contributed $184.5 million. As most of you 
are aware, we typically see higher quantum of renewals, and hence, overall 
bookings in the October-November-December quarter, which corresponds 
to end of financial year for our North American customers. The sequential 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
decline of bookings in this quarter is a reflection of the seasonality that we 
have observed for the last several years. Also, please note, that as always, 
these TCV and ACV numbers include all bookings, small and large, renewals, 
as well as new bookings across existing and new customers. 
Coming to the client engagement size. Let me give you some colour on our 
client engagements by buckets. Our top one customer declined by $3.2 
million quarter on quarter. This was in line with a planned partial ramp down 
of a large five-year deal that we had announced in FY23. We witnessed 
healthy growth among various client buckets with our top five customer 
revenue up 7.9% quarter-on-quarter, top 10 up 5.4% quarter-on-quarter, 
top 20 up 2.9% quarter-on-quarter basis. Our top 50 customer portfolio 
delivered a robust growth of 4.3% in Q4, which is better than the overall 
revenue growth of the company in this quarter. 
In Q4, we reported a total of 178 customers with trailing 12-month revenue 
in excess of USD 1 million. I'm happy to report the entry of new customers 
in the $30 million plus, $10 to $20 million, and $5 to $10 million buckets. All 
of these have potential to scale up further in the future quarters.  
From a client concentration perspective, the contribution from top 10 
customers reached 40% in this quarter for the first time since Q1 FY23. This 
is partly on account of the growth in a couple of large customer relationships 
across Healthcare Life Sciences and BFSI industry verticals. This is a 
demonstration of our ability to scale customer relationships significantly, 
and oftentimes, in competition with larger IT services peers. 
Coming to the geographical breakup. From a geography perspective for the 
full financial year ‘24, North America revenue grew by a healthy 16.8% year-
on-year in US dollar terms, ahead of the company average. Europe grew 
13.4% year-on- year, Rest of the World grew 4.3% year-on- year, while India 
grew by 0.6% year-on- year.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
 
Coming to the people front. At the end of Q4, our total headcount stood at 
23,850, a net increase of 514 from Q3. Most of the headcount increase in 
this quarter came from lateral hires. Onsite hiring was linked to revenue 
ramp-up, while offshore hiring is towards revenue ramp-up as well as build-
up for capacity for future ramp-ups. With this, the blended utilization for the 
quarter came in at 80% against 81.5% in Q3. The trailing 12-month attrition 
for the quarter came in at 11.5%, compared to 11.9% in Q3. Attrition has 
come down to a comfortable band over the last few quarters, in line with 
the industry trend.  
Moving on from operational metrics to certain strategic highlights for the 
quarter. First, on Generative AI. In Q3 FY24, we had provided you with a 
comprehensive update regarding our pivotal shift towards AI-powered 
digital engineering and enterprise modernization initiatives. As you may 
recall, Persistent has a long history with AI. While our experience goes 
beyond the current buzz around Generative AI, FY24 has helped lay a strong 
foundation in our journey, fueling our acceleration in this space. 
I am happy to report, we continue to deliver transformative solutions for our 
customers, leveraging Generative AI and AI at broad. Over the course of the 
last quarter, multiple proof-of-concepts have been progressing towards 
scale production levels. AI is opening up significant opportunities for us at 
Persistent in two broad areas, - AI for product engineering and AI for the 
enterprises. Let me provide you some more details on our solution-centric 
approach in each of these opportunity themes.  
On the engineering front, we are focusing on delivering value to our 
customers through productivity gains using AI and automation tools across 
the product development lifecycle. Over the last 30 plus years, we have been 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
leaders in product engineering, be it scaled engineering, modernization, or 
sustaining engineering.  
As you may be aware, most enterprise software is complex, as over 60 to 
70% of the code in any enterprise software comprises of third-party open-
source components, customized kernels, and most importantly, code with 
interdependent repositories. Recent engineering solutions such as Copilot 
and code-assist tools powered by Large Language Models have succeeded in 
offering high-quality solutions to localized coding problems. However, 
repository-level coding is primarily a planning problem and cannot be solved 
directly using these code-assist tools.  
That's where SASVA, our digital engineering-powered enterprise AI 
platform, comes in. This is a platform that's based on a novel combination of 
an incremental dependency, change impact analysis, and an adaptive 
planning algorithm, and much more. It addresses the repository-level coding 
and planning. The platform harnesses the power of hybrid language models, 
including fine-tuned small language models, machine learning, and 
advanced multidimensional models. SASVA delivers significant efficiencies, 
quality enhancements, improved security posture, and cost savings 
throughout the product development lifecycle.  
The key highlights for SASVA include theme-based releases, which include 
end-to-end planning and execution of software updates such as porting and 
modernization, multidimensional knowledge base for insights on complex 
code to the Nth level of interdependencies, digital twin reflecting key 
resource capabilities enabling use cases such as de-risked knowledge 
transition. The challenge of higher costs related with Gen-AI has been 
addressed by SASVA using fine-tuned small language models that provide 
LLM-grade results, while being hosted on a relatively low-cost infrastructure.  

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
As you are aware, we own a number of software products as a part of our 
Accelerite business. SASVA has been tested extensively with most of these 
products, yielding significant productivity gains over time and is a showcase 
for us and our customers' prospects alike.  
Coming to the enterprise side. On the enterprise side, to accelerate GenAI-
powered enterprise transformation, we continue to invest and strengthen 
our GenAI Hub, so that our customers can create faster, more efficient, and 
secure GenAI experiences at scale, anchored by the basic principles of 
responsible AI. Enterprises can adopt GenAI across Large Language Models 
and clouds with no provider lock-in, integrated with existing assets, and 
enabled by pre-built accelerators using our GenAI Hub.  
Let me talk about the select deal wins in the GenAI Hub. First, on the 
engineering side. For a leading enterprise software company, we have won 
an outcome-linked deal encompassing sustaining engineering and feature 
enhancements for one of their key software products leveraging our SASVA 
platform. The organization wanted to address some of the challenges 
around slow product releases due to legacy technologies, high technical debt 
encompassing issues related to poor quality, security and user experience. 
The code repository for this product line has over 5.5 million lines of code, 
and a number of third-party open-source software components. These 
technical challenges were negatively impacting their business growth.  
Leveraging SASVA and fine-tuned SLMs, we would be responsible for 
substantial reductions in technical debt, and the outcome metrics for us 
include shortened release cycles, as well as, overall lower cost of sustaining 
engineering, coupled with revenue acceleration metrics.  
On the enterprise side, we won a three-year deal to develop and design 
GenAI-based straight-through processing platform for a listed insurance 
distribution corporation in the U.S. This firm specializes in advisory, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
underwriting, and customized insurance solutions. Under this deal, we will 
be responsible for delivering enhanced end-user customer experiences, as 
well as, optimized straight-through processing of code, fine, and issue 
process, along with the operations of the same. The platform will support 
end-to-end processing of a variety of documents such as carrier downloads, 
policy contracts, employee records, and other policy administration 
documents. The code stack will be leveraging Azure OpenAI, Easy Vector, 
and multiple API gateways. This platform aims to deliver rapid expansion of 
the corporation across multiple lines of businesses spanning 50-plus states 
in the U.S.  
The next win is with a large analytical instruments and specialty diagnostics 
corporation. Here, we are working collaboratively with them in building a 
GenAI-based recommendation engine. This engine will enable mapping of 
customer queries with a product catalog, for effective cross-sell and up-sell. 
The solution leverages Azure OpenAI, GPT-4 as the foundation model, and 
LangChain as the LLM.  
The expected benefits from the solution include significant incremental 
revenue for the customer over a period of time as the solution gets 
deployed, as well as, a strong reduction in the number of FTEs required to 
perform these tasks over time. In addition to the above examples, there are 
multiple use cases of Generative AI being implemented within Persistent as 
a customer zero, making our operations more agile and enhancing our 
employee experience.  
In summary, we remain steadfast in our approach to making AI and GenAI 
the way of working at Persistent, and with our customers. We will provide 
further progress on this topic in subsequent quarters.  
Coming to the dividend side. I am pleased to share with you, that the Board 
of Directors recommended a final dividend of Rs. 10 per share on the face 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
value of Rs. 5 per share. This dividend payout will require shareholder 
approval during the Annual General Meeting as per statutory norms. As you 
may recall, in January 2024, the Board had declared an interim dividend of 
Rs. 32 per share on the face value of Rs. 10 per share pre-split. It is our 
endeavour to maintain a healthy balance in our capital allocation through a 
consistent dividend payout ratio, while augmenting our growth through 
capability-led acquisitions. 
Coming to the ESG updates. I am happy to share that Persistent was named 
as one of India's leading listed ESG entities for 2024 by Dun & Bradstreet. As 
you may be aware, our aspiration is to achieve carbon neutrality for Scope 1 
and Scope 2 emissions, and 100% renewable energy sourcing by the middle 
of FY25, and I am happy to say we are well on the way to do the same. 
We are also committed to set near and long-term company-wide emission 
reductions in line with science-based net zero with the SPTI. In summary, we 
are pleased with our performance in FY24 in a challenging business 
environment. I would now like to invite Sunil, our CFO, to give more colour 
on quarterly financials in the related months. After that, Saurabh, our 
Investor Relations Head, will give you more details on key client wins, 
endless awards and other recognitions for the quarter. Sunil, over to you.  
Sunil Sapre:  
Thank you Sandeep and good morning, good day to all. Thanks a lot for taking 
the time to join us today. Sandeep has walked us through the market outlook. 
Let me walk you now through the financial performance for the quarter 
ended 31st March, 2024.  
The revenue for the quarter at $310.9 million effected quarter-on-quarter 
growth of 3.4% and YoY growth of 13.2%. Revenue for the quarter in INR 
terms was Rs. 25,905 million, which translates into growth of 3.7% quarter-
on-quarter and 14.9% YoY. For the full year, the revenue was $1,186 million 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
with a growth of 14.5% and in INR terms, the revenue was Rs. 98,215.9 
million with a growth of 17.6%.  
Coming to segmental growth for the quarter, Healthcare and Life Sciences 
grew by 15% quarter-on-quarter, BFSI grew by 2% while Hi-Tech and 
Emerging vertical declined by 0.9% on account of planned ramp-downs in a 
large multi-year program in the top 1 customer. Excluding this top 1 
customer, the Hi-Tech and Emerging vertical segment grew by 1.6% quarter-
on-quarter.  
EBIT margin for the quarter largely remained flat compared to Q3. Let me 
now give you a walkthrough on the EBIT margin for the quarter. Revenue 
growth in Q4 has been led by higher on-site ramp-up in some of our large 
customers. This growth is driven by vendor consolidation, and we have 
leveraged contractors for this initial ramp-up. You will notice the contractor 
cost in this quarter has increased to 14.1% of revenues. There was one-time 
cost of transition related to this ramp-up in multiple deals, which impacted 
margins by 110 basis points.  
During this quarter, we also added lateral hires at offshore to build capacity 
for future growth, and planned transition from on-site to offshore in certain 
projects. This impacted utilization, and in turn margins, by about 50 basis 
points. Further, the freshers who had joined us in Q2, are now part of the 
billable pool. So, while this doesn't have a cost impact directly, the utilization 
number gets adjusted, because of which, overall utilization is reduced from 
81.5% to 80% in this quarter. But, you will observe, that this capacity of 
lateral hires and freshers will be a margin lever for us in the subsequent 
quarters.  
There was an elevated travel cost on account of the planning and budgeting 
exercise for FY25 that we undertook in Q4, which impacted margins by about 
40 basis points. All of these headwinds put together, impacted EBIT margins 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
cumulatively by 200 basis points, which was largely compensated by 
reduction in earn-out liability related to one of our acquisitions which did not 
perform as per business plan. 
Coming to Depreciation and Amortization, it was almost similar at 3.1%, as 
the previous quarter. EBIT for the full fiscal year 2024 was 14.4% compared 
to 14.9% in FY23. And you will notice, that majority of EBIT decline is 
attributable to the investment we have made in building sales and marketing 
capacity, as well as building next-gen technology assets, including in the AI 
domain. These investments are critical from the perspective of driving future 
growth.  
We are cognizant of the need to drive operational efficiencies to continue 
our growth journey in future and march towards the goal of expanding our 
margins in the medium term. To this end, we have focused initiatives that 
are being led by our operational leadership. Treasury income for the quarter 
was Rs. 226 million as against Rs. 181.1 million, mainly on account of higher 
cash balance. OCF to EBITDA for the quarter was 0.76, and for the full year 
OCF to EBITDA was 0.73. This compares with the last year OCF to EBITDA of 
0.63. The free cash flow for the year was Rs. 7,325 million as compared to 
Rs. 925 million, as there were no acquisitions during the year. We had a forex 
loss of Rs. 15.5 million as against a gain of Rs. 80.9 million in the previous 
quarter. 
Profit before tax for the quarter was Rs. 3,954.9 million at 15.3%, as against 
15.6% in the previous quarter. ETR for the quarter was 20.3%, mainly due to 
the tax credit on account of ESOP perquisite income reported by our US 
employees, on which the company gets a tax credit. ETR for the year came 
in at 24.5%, and is likely to remain in the same range for the next year. PAT 
for the quarter was Rs. 3,153.2 million at 12.2%. PAT for the full year was Rs. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
10,934.9 million at 11.1%. And this is the first year in which our PAT has 
crossed the important milestone of Rs. 1,000 crores.  
EPS for the fiscal year 2024 was Rs. 144.87 as against Rs. 123.73 per share. 
This is on like-to-like comparison of Rs. 10 per share. The growth that this 
implies is 17.1% in EPS.  
The Operational CapEx for the quarter was Rs. 295.5 million. Total cash and 
investments on the books are Rs. 18,585 million as compared to Rs 18,472 
million at the end of previous quarter. DSO came in at 63 days as against 66 
days in the previous quarter. Forward contracts outstanding at the end of 
March was $260 million at an average rate of 84.16 per USD . 
As Sandeep mentioned, the Board of Directors has recommended a final 
dividend of Rs. 10 on the face value of Rs. 5 each. It should be paid after 
the shareholder's approval at ensuing Annual General Meeting. So, on a 
total dividend payout basis, it translates to 36% dividend payout ratio 
which is in line with our Board guidance. 
In FY23, the total dividend paid out to the shareholders was Rs. 50 per 
share on the face value of Rs. 10 per share including special dividend of 
₹10 per share on reaching $1 billion milestone and compared to that, the 
dividend for this year comes to Rs. 52. 
Thank you all. I will hand it to Saurabh now for covering deal wins and 
awards and recognitions. Saurabh. 
Saurabh Dwivedi:  
Thank you, Sunil. I will now talk about key deal wins for Q4 by industry 
segments. Let me begin with Software, Hi-Tech and Emerging Industries, 
our largest vertical. Persistent was selected by one of the largest global 
technology companies to enable open-source software porting and 
validation for its flagship infrastructure offering both On Prem and Cloud. 
This is a mission critical offering to support large volume of data workloads 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
for Fortune 500 companies. The benefit to the customer includes 
enhanced ecosystem play and accelerated support for various 
independent software vendors. 
Persistent was selected by the Energy division of one of the largest 
European conglomerates to set up an Offshore Development Center to 
support research and development for its core energy instrumentation 
and control platform. This is the first large win for Persistent in the Energy 
sector in Europe. The benefit to the customer includes improved security 
posture and modernization of the core platform. 
Persistent was selected by a leading consumer intelligence company as a 
strategic partner for its platform engineering and IT transformation 
initiatives. This includes migration from legacy middleware stack to open 
source technology as well as engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Machine 
Learning and security platforms. The benefit to the customer includes 
reduction in cost especially in the data capture and processing unit. 
Coming to Banking, Financial Services and Insurance. Persistent was 
selected by the financial services subsidiary of one of the largest 
automobile companies globally to drive new CRM experiences including 
automation of workflows for customer sales journey, contact center and 
marketing automation with real time offers. The benefit to the customer 
includes improved agent productivity, sales application closure time and 
revenue gains from real time recommendation. 
Persistent was selected by a leading Fintech organization in the U.K. to 
build the next generation banking platform that will be marketed to 
neobanks and building societies in the U.K. and other emerging markets 
globally. This engagement leverages Persistent’s digital banking solution 
and its digital engineering capabilities in the BFSI domain. The benefit to 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
the customer includes revenue enhancements through new customer 
acquisitions. 
Persistent was selected by one of the leading Indian banks to undertake 
transformation of its loan origination platform across different lines of 
businesses including vehicle finance, personal loans, consumer durable 
loans, housing loans, business loans and kisan credit schemes. This renewal 
deal is a significant testament to our capability in the digital transformation 
landscape in the Indian banking sector. The benefit to the customer 
includes substantial reduction in launching new products and cross sell and 
upsell of lending products. No 
And, finally, within our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical, Persistent was 
selected by one of the largest biopharmaceutical companies to build and 
launch a centralized Patient Relationship Management System that 
enables business capabilities such as patient enrollment and onboarding, 
access and reimbursement, patient engagement and operational 
performance reporting. The benefit to the customer includes increase in 
patients served and reduce turnaround time for benefit verification. 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest drug wholesale company and 
a contract research organization as a technology partner to develop a 
modern data ingestion and analytics platform to support intelligent and 
efficient data insights requirements of the business. This deal win is unique 
since it involves close collaboration with one of the largest data 
warehousing company as well as with a hyperscalers. The benefit to the 
customer includes improved supply chain effectiveness. 
Persistent was selected by one of the largest renal care services providers 
to build and support patient digital initiatives such as migration of patient 
facing clinical applications to a hyperscalers Cloud platform and their 
integration with electronic medical record systems. The benefit to the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
customer includes improved value based care to patients across all touch 
points. 
Let me now talk about skill development and hyperscalers partnerships. 
We continue to invest in training our teams on AI, ML and Gen AI tools with 
the current tally at around 950+ hyperscalers and advanced certifications. 
16,000+ of our developers and engineers are trained on code assist and 
productivity tools such as Microsoft GitHub Copilot, Amazon 
CodeWhisperer, Amazon Q and other modern application development 
tools. 
Keeping up the momentum on our hyperscalers partnerships, we 
announced a population health management solution leveraging 
Microsoft Azure OpenAI service. Aligned with value based care models, the 
solution identifies social determinants of health to determine patients 
non-clinical needs and better predict the cost of care driven by clinical 
conditions. It helps patients receive quality care at the right time and in 
the right place while optimizing capacity and cost effectiveness for 
healthcare providers and organizations. 
Lastly, we are thrilled to announce that we have expanded our partnership 
with IBM by signing the IBM Services Business Partner Agreement. This 
agreement will allow us to jointly work on deals with IBM as well as co-
create end-to-end technology assets primarily focusing on the 
watsonx.data and AI platform. 
Moving on to the awards and recognitions for the quarter from leading 
analyst firms. Q4 saw us get continued recognition from industry leading 
analyst firms and associations. To mention a few, Dr. Anand Deshpande 
received Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award 2023 in the 
services category. Persistent has been recognized for significant 
achievement in HR Excellence at the 14th CII National HR Excellence Award 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
for the year 2023-2024. Persistent was ranked as a leader for the second 
year in a row and a star performer by Everest Group for Software Product 
Engineering Services. Persistent has been named a Market Leader in the 
HFS Horizons Assuring the Generative Enterprise 2024 Horizon study. And, 
finally, Persistent achieved Partner of the Year with OutSystems for the 
sixth consecutive year for collaboration with clients for long term success 
delivering ROI and creating new solutions. 
This completes the section on key wins and awards and recognitions. With 
this, let me hand it back to Sandeep.  
Sandeep Kalra:  
Thank you, Saurabh. In summary, we continue to deliver robust revenue 
growth and healthy deal bookings in FY24 despite a difficult macro 
environment. We continue to work as a strategic partner with our 
customers enabling them to drive their key business imperatives. As we 
enter FY25, we remain confident in our ability to continue a healthy growth 
credit. 
With this, we would like to conclude the prepared comments and would 
like to request the operator to open the floor for questions.  
Moderator:  
Thank you sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for 
a few minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to 
restrict to 2 questions and then return to queue for more questions. Please 
raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen and ask the 
question. 
   
The first question is from Mehta Bhavik.       
Bhavik Mehta: 
Hey, thank you and congrats for a good set of numbers. So, a couple of 
questions. Firstly, on the BFSI vertical, good to see growth coming back 
after a couple of quarters. I just want to understand was this broad based 
growth and should we expect that BFSI is bottomed out and we should see 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
growth acceleration from here on? Any comments over there will be 
helpful. 
Secondly, on the top client, you know, we have seen a decline for the past 
two quarters very sharply. So, just want to understand is there further 
headwinds ahead or is this the last of the ramp down we have seen? And 
what is the trajectory going forward for that client? 
And if a third question I may squeeze in on the margins. You know, we saw 
very strong growth this year but still the margins didn't expand. And, I 
think, for next year also we are aiming to maintain margins, so what kind 
of growth is required for us to see margin expansion come through? Thank 
you.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, Bhavik, multiple questions there, so I'll try and address 
specifically. So, as far as the largest customer is concerned, look, some of 
the ramp downs are planned ramp downs. So, when we do larger deals, 
there are productivity things built year-on-year and so these are not any 
surprises. So, if there was any surprises that would have been told very 
clearly. So, all of this is planned ramp downs. So, we have a good trajectory, 
we know where we are headed. So, I don't think there is anything to worry 
about in the top customer or for that matter it is not a pattern. 
Second part, when you talk about the margins growth, so look it is not lost 
on us that the market is tough outside. So, if you look at our peer results, 
growth is difficult to get in these environments. So, our first job is to make 
sure that we grow and grow at the industry leading growth rates. For that 
we have to do investments in sales and marketing, which are at a 
heightened level, coupled with the Gen AI kind of initiatives where we are 
all learning, we are all deploying our manpower to build capabilities on top 
of the AI capabilities that we have. We have also opened Customer 
Experience Centers, as we announced in the last quarter across the U.S., 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
London and in Pune and so on. So, there's a lot of investment that is going 
in from a capability build perspective and winning against the bigger tiers 
and the mid tiers in difficult times. So, from that perspective rest assured 
as the headwinds kind of from an industry perspective subside, we have 
built enough muscle and the growth should take care of the margin 
expansion. But having said that, first focus is to make sure growth at 
reasonable margins is where it is. 
Now coming to the BFSI side, so, again, one bigger theme that if you look 
at Persistent overall, BFSI, Healthcare and Life Sciences put together and 
even in tech companies, we are gaining ground as a challenger to the 
bigger firms. More and more, we are seeing a pattern where bigger 
customers are not very happy with the large incumbent providers that they 
have. We are being invited in. We are winning against these in the larger 
landscape and some of the ramp ups that you're seeing in different 
industry verticals are based on that. So, same thing is happening in BFSI as 
well. We have opened some fairly large accounts and they are on the ramp 
up. 
So, that is the overall kind of commentary on the questions you had. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Thank you and all the best.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Manik Taneja. 
Manik Taneja: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and once again congratulations for the 
steady execution, Sandeep. Just wanted to get your thoughts around a 
couple of aspects. Number one, on the Healthcare side we've seen very 
steady, very strong growth through the course of the last few quarters. 
How should we be thinking about near term growth in the Healthcare side, 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
given this is largely being led by one large deal ramp up? That's question 
number one. 
The second question was for Sunil. In terms of our revenue metrics break 
up, we see that the software license essentially has gone up in Q4 
compared to Q3, which is unlike the usual seasonality. If you could help us 
understand what's driving that and how should we be thinking about this 
aspect? Thank you. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, I'll take the first question and hand over the Sunil for the second 
answer. So, as far as the Healthcare is concerned, so let me clarify. Yeah, 
we have had a fairly large win in a fairly large customer but that's not the 
only win that we have had. So, if you look at our Healthcare Life Sciences 
business, our team has been built over the last couple of years and we have 
put the muscle. I'm pretty happy with the way the team has shaped up and 
we have had multiple wins. So, one large win, multiple other wins in the 
middle kind of deal sizes is what is ramping up from our perspective. And 
I'm sure a lot of you would be curious, the pecking order for us for this 
financial year would be basically Healthcare Life Sciences followed by BFSI 
and Tech companies. BFSI and Tech companies will kind of, depending on 
the different quarters, be neck to neck or a little ahead of each other. So, 
that's where it is. 
Sunil, over to you for the software license.  
Sunil Sapre: 
Yeah. So, Manik, what is happening from our revenue mix perspective is 
the deals that we have had in the recent couple of quarters have a trend 
where we are taking on managed services deals. We are setting up 
Infrastructure Lab which require us to buy licenses on behalf of the clients. 
That is one. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
Second is, it's maybe a little too early and that has not reflected in the 
numbers but there is a trend in the market that the customers on their 
own, the enterprise customers are trying to convert CapEx into OpEx and 
when that happens that also becomes a software license cost which is 
coming in the purchase of software licences. So, not a heavy this one but, 
yes, this quarter did have all these transactions because of which you see 
higher cost.  
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you. All the best for the future.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Next question is from Karan Uppal.  
Karan Uppal: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. So, two questions from my side. Firstly, 
on M&A. The company is sitting on a decent cash balance, so any plans for 
M&A in FY25? And in what verticals and service lines are you looking out? 
That's one. 
And second is on Europe. So, Europe has been soft for last you know 3-4 
quarters, so what are the reasons for the same? And from strategic 
perspective also when management is targeting 2 billion revenue, how are 
you thinking about Europe's contribution in that?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, from an M&A perspective, look, we have our focus on M&A. We 
definitely are looking at different assets at different points in time and, you 
know, depending on finding the right asset…And let me define our M&A  
strategy as well so that you can understand where we are going. So, we 
are looking at the cusp of Healthcare Life Sciences or BFSI and Data/AI. 
That's one part of it. Within Healthcare Life Sciences, we are 
predominantly looking at things like the payer-provider ecosystem or the 
payvider, if we may call it. That is one part where we are focused on. 
Similarly, within BFSI there are certain macro segments that we are 
focused on. In terms of geography, interestingly, we are looking at a 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
combination of Western Europe from a business perspective, Eastern 
Europe from a delivery perspective. And in the last couple of years, given 
the conflict in that region, we had slowed down our M&A activity in that 
region but we will pick it up as we go along. And even at this point in time, 
as I said, at any point in time we are evaluating multiple different tuck-in 
acquisitions. We are not going to do acquisitions for revenue aggregation. 
These are capabilities, whether Gen AI, AI, Micro verticals and so on and 
so forth or our delivery presence in Eastern Europe. So, if we have 
something to announce over the next few months and quarters, we'll 
definitely come back but that's definitely an area of focus and that should 
also address some part of the void that we have in the European growth 
side. 
Karan Uppal: 
The second part was on Europe which has been soft for last 3-4 quarters. 
So, any comments on that?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yeah. So, from a Europe perspective, look, there is definitely focus that we 
are bringing onto it. So, if you look at our senior hires, we had brought in 
Barath to lead Europe along with our BFSI vertical. So, that's one part. 
And, second, organically also we have been reinforcing the team and there 
will be some amount of M&A focus there as well. So, over the next several 
quarters we do hope to turn the corner on Europe in terms of growth.  
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks and all the best. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Bhandari.  
Abhishek Bhandari: Hi. Good morning to everyone. Sandeep, I have two questions. The first is 
on your growth distribution. If you look at the last two quarters, bulk of 
the growth is led by only Healthcare vertical. While, you know, we have 
seen some incremental improvement in BFSI, it is not really very material. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
So, if you could share some light about how you see the growth pattern 
across verticals in FY25.  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, you want to have the next question as well or…?  
Abhishek Bhandari: Yeah. The next question is on the margin profile. While we understand that 
your medium term aspiration of 200 basis point remains unchanged but 
now that has got, you know, seem to have shifted by one year given that 
we're talking about margin remaining at current levels in FY25. Having said 
that, your onsite effort on this large projects may have peaked out. Do you 
think that may give you some near term lever to continue to invest into 
sales and yet give back something to the investors in terms of 
improvement in margin?  
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sure. So, I think, the second question you have partly answered yourself. 
So, if we look at it, yes, there are larger deals that we have won which start 
with certain amount of vendor consolidation at times onsite, which 
basically if you look at our financials and put a thread through the pattern 
there are some deals which are ramping up, contractor spend is going up 
and this is also a margin lever for us as we go ahead. 
Look at the headcount that we have added. We've added significant 
headcount over the last two quarters, both on site and offshore. The 
offshore headcount is in the hope and expectation that as we do the 
offshore transitions, they will get deployed and so on. 
So, there's a pattern if you put a thread through all this. Yes, there is a 
possibility of margin improvement. But, look, as I said before the market is 
tough, we don't expect it to be kind in terms of demand environments 
anytime soon and as we are also growing and as we are also competing 
with the largest peers that we have and doing vendor consolidations, 
etcetera we want to keep that decision to us in terms of improving margin 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
in this year versus doing the right thing by growth. Improving margin is an 
easier task versus getting higher growth. So, for this year we’ll focus on 
growth and at any point in time if we can improve the margins, rest assured 
we'll do our best to improve the margins. 
Now, in terms of the growth, while you said that HCLS is the only vertical 
with growth, yeah, predominantly yes. But BFSI also if you look at it, in an 
environment where most of our peer group, whoever you have seen the 
results from and what we see in the market, BFSI is a tough segment at this 
point in time. Squeezing out growth on a quarter on quarter basis means 
that there are more newer deals that are coming in. While we might be 
optimizing in the existing business as well, so rest assured, the focus is on 
different verticals, different service lines. Internally the way we are 
structured, there are different teams going after BFSI, different P/L leaders 
for Lifesciences, so and so. So focus is on growth across, will let the year 
pan out but high level, Healthcare will lead the growth even for this year 
because of the pipeline that we have, because of the provisions that we 
have done, followed by BFSI, followed by Tech. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thanks Sandeep. Sandeep, maybe one last question. You know historically, 
our portfolio has been very discretionary in nature. Maybe in the last 3-
4yrs., we have made it more annuity-driven, long term contract driven. As 
things stand, in your assessment, you know how much left in discretionary 
amount is critical for you to hit a 14-15pc kind of growth. Do you think the 
pipeline is enough and the exit rate is enough for you to go to a double 
digit growth? Don’t give me a number but you maintain that you will have 
an industrial rating growth in FY25. Some of your large peers are talking 
about a better FY25 than FY24. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So we have delivered, if you look at the financial year 24, we have delivered 
14.5pc. If you look at the overall industry and take an average for our peers 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
in the industry, whether you look at the Indian space or otherwise, it will 
not be more than 3-4pc at an average of all the service providers that we 
track. Now if you look at the last 3yrs. as well, even before this, so the 
relative outperformance for Persistent has been fairly decent. And that has 
been in the same environment where we have been asked this question 
about discretionary, non-discretionary. So rest assured, discretionary or 
non-discretionary, we are not waiting for the demand to come back, where 
we can deliver relative outperformance, we will and we are confident that 
this year should also pan out relatively well. 
Abhishek Bhandari: Thanks Sandeep and all the best for fiscal 25. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ravi Menon. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. Sandeep, congratulations at the end of a good quarter. What I 
want to ask you about the top client. You said that this is a planned ramp 
down and that this is the last deal that you had signed in FY23. Is there any 
re-negotiation as well in this or this was just productivity improvement and 
other things that were baked in right from the time you signed the 
contract? Contract will say yes but the client actually changed any part of 
the contract or restructured it? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So Ravi, there is no re-negotiation. There is no contract opening. This is as 
per the contract we signed, as per the planned revenue profile for the 
years. So there is no concern on any of those kinds of issues that you talked 
about. So this is fairly straight forward, what was planned is what is being 
done. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks. On SASVA, are you licensing this or are you just using this as 
something to bake into your bids and improve your win rights? 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Ya. Our clients have definitely asked us for the licensing order for this but 
our attempt here is not to use this as a product, but use this as an 
accelerator, as an IT that we will use so that we can retain the value and 
capture more value in services as we go around rather than just using it as 
another part of our Accelerite business or payments. 
Ravi Menon: 
Thank you. Lastly on margins, can we think about margin improvement 
being possible when the demand environment improves? You were saying 
that you have over invested a bit, deliberately in sales. So can we see that 
normalize when demand comes back? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Yes absolutely and if you look at it, we have been saying this for some time 
and even if you were to follow our organization, if you look at the leaders 
that we have brought in, right from Ayon as the Chief Strategy and Growth 
Officer, Barath for Europe Financial Services, DB as the Chief Operating 
Officer and many others, so we are putting a muscle. Whether it is a bad 
economy or a good economy, we are preparing ourselves to go to $2 bn 
and much beyond. And so from our perspective, if the market conditions 
have become more amenable and the growth becomes easier because the 
demand comes back, you should definitely see the leverage of all these 
investments come. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sandeep Shah. 
Sandeep Shah: 
 Ya, thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the good set of numbers. 
Sandeep, the 1st question is, entering FY25 versus entering FY24, based on 
client discussion, do you foresee some change in terms of the client 
pattern, in terms of discretionary spend because some of your peers on 
the hyper scalers are saying, “Cost optimization effort on the workload 
migration has been bottoming out.” Some of your other global MNC peers 
who are into software products engineering. They are saying that some of 
the projects which were once stalled in terms of discretionary pattern have 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
been coming back. Are you witnessing and if that turns out to be true, do 
you believe that FY25 could be better for us despite we are doing much 
better than the industry? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So we are not seeing any of that. We are seeing the same kind of demand 
environment that was there 2 quarters or 3 quarters back and we will be  
happy to see a change in the demand environment. And so should the 
demand environment change as I said earlier to Ravi as well, we will let it 
pan out but we are preparing ourselves for a status quo in terms of the 
demand environment and performing relatively well within that. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And Sandeep, coming to the margins, I think in search of changing the 
growth profile, from just being project based and a discretionary based, 
we even a managed services player. That will lead to many contracts where 
we may have to schedule a planned ramp down, we have to do slightly 
higher onsite efforts, slightly higher sub-contracting cost, so why we call 
out this like a one-off cost and this may postpone your margin 
achievement target of 200-300bps. When do you expect that movement 
to start happening? Will it be FY26 or beyond that? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Look, there are multiple things that are happening. It is just not the large 
deal wins. If you look at it, we have been talking about how we are 
investing in Generative AI, how we have put labs together, how we have 
put customer experience centres together, how we have brought in overall 
management bandwidth and so on.  So there are multiple things there and 
we are today preparing for an environment where we will increasingly fight 
for bigger deals against the bigger players. And this will become par for the 
course. Whatever the transaction costs are and so on and so forth. And as 
I said earlier, look, all these investments are to make sure we maintain our 
growth trajectory while maintaining the margins at where they are and as 
the demand environment makes itself amenable to more growth, I am 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
pretty sure, with that and with time, all of these will have a better leverage 
and margins should improve. We remain committed to the next 2-3yrs., 
200-300 basis points and we have a line of sight to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mohit Jain. 
Mohit Jain: 
Hi! First is on the TCV. It appears to me that TCV Y-o Y is little on the slower 
side. If I look at ACV, TCV on both sides, so is there a spillover or something 
that you guys are expecting from 1Q? Or is this just a reflection of the 
current environment we are in and this is the new normal for TCV? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So if you look at the TCV, you are comparing it with the earlier years and 
so on and so forth. The demand environment should be kept in mind. I 
don’t think we are concerned about any slippage that happened in the last 
quarter which will come in this quarter and so on and so forth. We are 
relatively ok with the TCV that we delivered. It can always be better and 
we will try to do better. But we are comfortable with where we landed 
with that and we have a decent pipeline.  
Mohit Jay: 
And 2nd was on margins. You had 300 basis point margin benefit because 
of the earn-out reversal. But in the opening remark, I think there was this 
200 basis points mentioned. So what is our recurring margin or true margin 
for this quarter? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Sunil, you want to take this? 
Sunil Sapre: 
Ya, so the question over here is, how much of the earn-out reversal liability 
we have line of sight to recoup. So on multiple levers, both on the sub-
contractor cost reduction because of onsite to offshore movement and 
purely the utilization improvement and some of the cost that we talked 
about were one time like the transition cost that we talked about and the 
travel cost that also happened in the last quarter. I think we have a good 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
line of sight to have EBIT margins in the normal operations at the level of 
14.5pc. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vibhor Singhal. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Hi! Thanks for taking my question and congrats Sandeep and team for a 
very strong execution yet again. Just 2 questions from my side. One is, 
Sandeep, I just wanted to check on the hi-tech segment. You mentioned 
that ex of the top client, the Hi-tech segment did grow in this quarter as 
well. What is the overall outlook in this segment going forward in FY25, 
again excluding the top client. Are the clients coming back on the spends 
and what is the kind of demand that we are expecting from that segment? 
My 2nd question is a broader level question for Persistent as a company. 
Now that we are well over a billion dollars revenue in size, what are the 
challenges, company specific challenges that we see for ourselves? I mean 
we will keep aside the macro part which is of course same for everybody 
but as a company, I mean in terms of being able to win large managed 
services deal in terms of let’s say, if there is more of past revenue which 
impacts our ability to expand margins, anything of those sorts which you 
believe are the things that you are probably taking at the top of your to-do 
list to tackle in the coming years? 
Sandeep Kalra: 
As far as the hi-tech segment is concerned, you are right. Ex of the large 
customers, it definitely grew. Now Hi-tech segment is obviously facing the 
headwinds because of the enterprise customers. Enterprise customers 
face challenges in their business. Their downstream ability to buy from 
these enterprise software companies which is what comprises hi-tech for 
us pre-dominantly is under pressure. So we do expect that for the next few 
quarters, there will be pressure in this segment and we are trying to build 
our pipeline in a way that we can still deliver healthy growth and will let it 
pan out. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
 
Now coming to the company specific challenges which is fairly interesting. 
So I would say that it is not about challenges. It is about, as we scale, as we 
are invited more and more to the party in terms of being a challenger, 
where there is a fatigue with the larger peers of ours, where people see a 
refreshing change in the technology capabilities that we have from 
bringing the product engineering tenets into the enterprise market or 
otherwise. Capabilities around generative AI, AI, other emerging 
technologies, where they really see the differentiation and they see a 
refreshing change in our agility in terms of our response. It’s not just about 
what we do, how we do to the customer experience that we provide. It is 
definitely opening more doors for us. Now for us, obviously the challenge 
is to bring in the newer set of thinking, whether it is in terms of how do we 
mind our existing customers to become bigger and more relevant or we 
open newer accounts at scale where we are invited. So if you look at our 
management hires over the last 1yr., even in the last 2yrs., you will find 
that is where we have been incrementally building the muscle. I do think 
it’s a very healthy challenge in your newer terminology and it is a very very 
good opportunity for us and that’s where if you look at it, it is the 16th 
straight quarter of revenue increase and if you look at it, if you do a relative 
output performance in the sector, as I said, last year, the sector grew by 
about 3-4pc, we grew by about 14.5pc. And in the last 2yrs. and before 
that, we grew at 35pc each year, so I do think there is a great market 
opportunity for us and for us to grab it, bring the right skills, muscle and 
that’s what we are focused on. It’s all about execution now. Hopefully it 
answers your question. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Karan Danthi. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
Karan Danthi: 
Hi Sandeep, hi Sunil, hi Saurabh, thanks for taking my questions. SO 2 
questions from me. It is interesting that your Life Sciences vertical is the 
healthiest because when we speak to enterprises, it’s the Life Sciences 
vertical that use AI as mission critical. I think 9 out of 10 Top Life Sciences 
companies want to build LLMs by year end. So perhaps you can address 
the TAM, the competitive position, you know and how many more of these 
big deals can we win because it does seem like a vertical that’s quite right 
for, you know businesses like yours to come in and help, hand hold through 
that process. that’s the 1st question. The 2nd question would be, it is quite 
evident, if you speak to those who are close to the Cloud business that 
there has been an acceleration of consumption within the Cloud and the 
degree of acceleration can be debated but no doubt there is acceleration. 
So how do we reconcile an AWS that could potentially re-accelerate to 20-
25pc growth by year end. And the relative, I wouldn’t say, it is just very 
neutral, I would say commentary from us on the lack of visibility ahead 
because it doesn't quite reconcile. Essentially there can’t be that much of 
a delta in the conversion rates from POCs to production, for Amazon versus 
you. So I would just be curious as to why this stark delta – is it just because 
a lot of their revenue is driven by clusters which you do not monetize as in 
GPU clusters which you do not monetize and it gets porous. Is the 
sequencing argument or you are missing something else? It will help to 
understand. 
Sandeep Kalra: 
So Karan, I will be respectful of time. We have 3 minutes before the call 
has to finish. So I will try and answer your 1st question. 2nd, I think we can 
take it offline because it is a fairly long debate there. So if you look at the 
Life Sciences healthcare vertical overall, Healthcare vertical for us is broken 
into pharma/bio-pharma, scientific instruments, medical devices, payer 
and providers. If you look at the used cases in terms of AI, we are involved 
in each one of these segments, whether it is in the research side with the 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
pharma set of companies, whether it is providers like radiology where we 
are working with some of the leading firms in that, where we are working 
on building AI/ML solutions for them to further enhance the quality of 
output that a radiologist for example can bring to the market and even 
reduce the cost of the entire value chain right from patient recruitment to 
their end resulting delivered and have them increase revenue on one  
hand, decrease the cost on the other. Similarly in payer provider, there are 
multiple used cases that we are working on using AI/ML and Gen AI as well 
and we have talked about a few of these in our earning call today and 
earlier. As well as the other things are concerned, look, all the more part 
of the hyper scalers. If their revenues increase, I am pretty sure our 
revenues will follow as well.  So we will closely watch that and we will 
take it offline in terms of the bigger discussion on consumption GPUs 
versus others and so on. Since we have only 2 minutes, I want to make sure 
that we take one more question before we close the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from Nitin Padmanabhan. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 3 questions – so one is, couple of players I think in the earlier results have 
been talking about re-scoping of existing contracts that are coming up in 
between, so what's your thought on that within your portfolio? The 2nd 
thing is on BFSI. If you could just contrast BFSI in your portfolio, what it was 
maybe a year ago. How have the things changed in terms of dynamics? You 
mentioned that it continues to be a tough area but I think people have also 
been talking about bottoming out there, just your thoughts there with 
reference to your portfolio. And finally on managed services, how has 
managed services sort of been on the portfolio, maybe let’s say 3yrs ago 
versus now as a percentage of revenue. Is it meaningful today than what 
it was? 3 questions – thank you. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
Sandeep Kalra: 
Nitin, we are really out of time so I will quickly go over all this. As far as re-
scoping of contracts is concerned, I don’t think we have seen any major re-
scoping of contracts. There may be minor things which are part of the 
course. There is definitely you know at times, very large customers may 
come  and, basically when your COLA is due, try to not give the COLA so on 
and so forth. We are seeing more of that rather than re-scoping. BFSI large 
customer dynamics, so we have been gainers of the phenomena where as 
I said before. Customers are not very happy with the larger incumbents. 
They are looking for challengers to come in and bring in the right 
technology capabilities and the agility that they need. That’s where we 
have opened some fairly large logos and we are seeing some ramp-up 
there. That should only accelerate with time. Managed services, definitely 
if we were to look at it, simple things like what we are talking about, if you 
listen to our earnings call in the past as well, private equity for example, 
we have become a private equity carveout specialist. So if private equity 
goes in, carves out at new co from a large company, new green field IT and 
then there is a managed services for the next 3-5yrs. That’s where we have 
won significant deals in the last 3yrs. And so there is a good proportion of 
managed services coming from things like that to our newer customers, 
existing customers and so on. So hopefully that gives you a colour. We are 
out of time. So I would want to, with this, take a pause here. So with this, 
I would like to close our call with the message that we are positive on our 
profits as we move into FY25. We would once again like to thank our 
23,800+ team members, customers, partners, investors and all of you for 
support in our growth journey. Thank you for spending time with us on the 
call today. We look forward to connecting with you again in 3 months’ time 
to provide and update on our progress. Thank you. Operator, you may now 
close the call. 

 
Persistent Systems Limited 
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much to the Persistent management. Ladies and 
gentlemen. On behalf of Persistent Systems Limited, that concludes 
today’s conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your line and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
 
*************************************************************************** 
 
