 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 5039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2422 4484, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
April 30, 2024 
 
General Manager
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Earnings Call Transcript for the year ended March 31, 2024 
 
This is further to our letter dated April 9, 2024, and April 23, 2024. The Company had 
hosted an earnings conference call with investors and analyst on Tuesday, April 23, 
2024, at 6:30 p.m. IST, to discuss the performance of the Company for FY2024. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for FY2024. The same 
is also made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the 
meeting. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary  
ACS 18108 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
SONALI 
NITIN 
CHANDAK
Digitally signed by SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=adeb78f6e93967a1a715210b47478ca
979cb97bc1f9cd4522abe279db46240da, 
postalCode=400101, street=Mumbai, 
pseudonym=3fd752088c1fd9a176a8a069c256
b294, 
serialNumber=9130c95220b4b56e3bfed4d800
982e8f97581715ab811366faa253a4697d7814, 
o=Personal, cn=SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
Date: 2024.04.30 14:27:43 +05'30'

 
1 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call 
Year ended March 31, 2024 (FY2024) 
April 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Anup Bagchi: 
Good evening and welcome to the results call of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company 
for the financial year 2024. I have several of my senior colleagues with me on this call, 
Amit Palta, who heads Distribution, Brand, Marketing and Products; Dhiren Salian, CFO; 
Judhajit Das, who heads Human Resources, Customer Service and Operations; Deepak 
Kinger, who handles Audit, Legal, Risk and Compliance; Manish Kumar, Chief Investment 
Officer; Souvik Jash, Appointed Actuary; and Dhiraj Chugha, Chief Investor Relations 
Officer. 
Let me take you through the key developments during the quarter, before moving on to 
discuss the Company’s performance. 
First, is that in continuation with the efforts to foster a conducive regulatory environment 
and enhance ease of doing business, IRDAI has notified regulations encompassing 
pivotal domains such as products, safeguarding policyholders’ interest, corporate 
governance and approval for setting up of an electronic insurance marketplace, i.e., Bima 
Sugam. We believe these regulations are a welcome change which encourages 
innovation, competition, and sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. 
I am pleased to inform you that the Shareholders of the Company have approved the 
appointment of Mr. Naved Masood as an Independent Director effective March 7, 2024. 
Mr. Masood served in the Indian Administrative Services before retiring as Secretary, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs. He has also served as a member on the Board of SEBI 
where he was actively involved in matters concerning the functioning of listed companies 
and other SEBI regulated entities. 
I would also like to inform you that our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. 
Ramachandran, will be retiring effective June 30, 2024, having completed the maximum 
age limit of 75 years, as prescribed by the IRDAI regulations. Mr. Ramachandran has 
played a pivotal role in fostering the effectiveness of the Board of Directors by setting 
high standards of compliance and governance. We would like to express our gratitude 
to him for providing an overall strategic direction towards the growth and success of the 
Company and wish him well for the future.  
Consequent to Mr. Ramachandran’s retirement, Mr. Sandeep Batra, a Non-Executive 
Director of the Company, has been appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors 
effective June 30, 2024, subject to regulatory approval. He has been on our Company’s 
Board since the year 2014. Mr. Batra has been with ICICI Group since the year 2000 and 
is currently an Executive Director on the Board of ICICI Bank. We believe our Company 
will gain immensely from his guidance. 
Innovation has been at the core of our business strategy. We constantly work on offering 
innovative products across life stages to our customers. We are the first life insurer in the 
country to offer an annuity product with 100% refund of premiums and a long-term 
pension product which provides customers with the flexibility to make partial 
withdrawals. 

 
3 
 
We believe simplification is the key to expanding the market and is in line with our 
objective to become the most customer and distributor friendly life insurer. Notably, we 
are also the first life insurer to pay out commissions on the same day to our distributors. 
Around 81% of our policies have been issued using digital KYC and 45% of our policies 
were issued on the same day for savings line of business in Q4-FY2024. Innovative 
products and processes underscore the Company’s strategy of providing the right 
product to the right customer at the right price and through the right channel. 
In line with our objective of being a customer-centric insurance provider, we have set an 
unparalleled benchmark by maintaining industry leading claim settlement ratio of 99.2% 
for FY2024, with an average turnaround time of 1.3 days for non-investigated claims. 
A testimony to our customer centric efforts is the endorsement of ‘Best Life Insurance 
Provider in India’ by Hansa Research for second consecutive year in a row. We are 
thankful to our customers for their continued confidence in our innovative products, 
digital support, easy documentation, and policy issuance time.  
We have also been conferred awards by various industry platforms. Our complete list of 
awards won during FY2024 is presented from slides 61 to 63 respectively.  
Now let me talk about the key performance highlights:  
• 
As you can see on slide 7, for the second consecutive quarter in a row, we have 
delivered a strong RWRP growth in Q4-FY2024, outperforming both the overall 
industry and private life insurers. As shown on the slide, we started FY2024 on a 
slower note. However, in parallel, we continued with our efforts towards investing in 
building distribution capacity especially in proprietary channel, continuous product & 
process innovation, digitalisation & data analytics geared to simplify our business 
operations, all aimed at enhancing customer experience. 
• 
In Agency, over the last two years, we have been scaling up sales frontline managers 
and providing them with adequate training to enhance productivity. We also 
empowered our agents by providing them institutional support complemented by 
data analytics and digital capabilities. Additionally, we continued our investments in 
demand generation tools to expand the agents’ natural market. Agency channel 
recorded APE growth of 15.6% year-on-year in FY2024.  
• 
In the Direct channel, we invested in our website to improve customer experiences 
and worked on customer onboarding for a smooth and seamless online journey. We 
also leveraged data analytics to capitalise our ability to upsell to our existing 
customers with alternate propositions best suited to their needs. Direct channel APE 
grew by 20.0% year-on-year in FY2024. 
• 
Both these channels have delivered around 17% APE growth in FY2024, surpassing 
the growth registered by the overall industry and private players. 
• 
On the products side, our strategy on continuous product innovation with the 
objective of delivering a superior value proposition to our customers has resulted in 
strong growth across most product segments. Annuity business APE grew by 88.0% 
year-on-year, linked business APE grew by 26.1% year-on-year and retail protection 
APE grew by 46.6% year-on-year in FY2024. We believe that annuity and retail 

 
4 
 
protection offer strong growth opportunities and will remain key focus areas for the 
Company.  
• 
At the Company level, the overall APE grew by 4.7% year-on-year to ₹ 90.46 billion 
in FY2024.  
• 
Our continued investment in data science & customer-centric analytics engine has led 
to improvement in persistency in most cohorts. 13th month persistency stood at 
89.0% and 49th month persistency stood at 68.5%.  
• 
Our cost to TWRP ratio for savings line of business stood at 15.8% for FY2024, as we 
continue to invest to deliver sustainable growth in the future. 
• 
For FY2024, Value of New Business was ₹ 22.27 billion and with an APE of ₹ 90.46 
billion, VNB margin stood at 24.6%. The decline in VNB margin is primarily on account 
of the shift in underlying product mix towards unit linked and par from non-par 
business, decline in group term business and higher expense ratio for the current year.  
To summarize, throughout FY2024, we worked on various building blocks of business 
with our efforts pivoted towards balancing growth, risk & prudence and profitability. We 
currently have the capability to provide the right product to the right customer and deliver 
it through the right channel. Closing FY2024 on a strong note, we are confident that the 
positive momentum built will continue going into FY2025 as well. We believe, with the 
efforts, investments, and the time we have invested to create a resilient business model, 
we are poised to continue our journey of sustainable growth into the future. 
Thank you, and I will now hand it over to Amit to take you through the business updates. 
Amit Palta: 
Thank you, Anup. Good evening, everyone.  
I will be talking about performance update for FY2024 through the elements of the 4P 
strategy driven by our 4D framework. Let me now highlight the key initiatives 
implemented under the 4D framework. 
The first element is ‘Data analytics’: We have been using customer-centric analytics 
engine across policy stages and it has resulted in continuous improvement in persistency 
ratios. In terms of mitigating fraud and early claims risk, AI and ML backed model has led 
to ~70% reduction in cases with higher propensity for fraud and early claims for savings 
policies, for H2-FY2024. The details of our extensive deployment of analytics capabilities 
are set out in slides 31 to 34.  
The second element of the 4D framework is ‘Diversified Propositions’. As Anup 
highlighted, during the year, product innovation to meet the evolving needs of the 
customers has been one of the primary focus areas for us. For example, ICICI Pru Gift Pro 
was launched to cater to affluent customers who prefer increased income and lower 
cover multiple. Constant maturity fund was launched to cater to customers planning to 
lock-in investments at high interest rates. During Q4-FY2024, we launched ICICI Pru GPP 
Flexi with benefit enhancer and ICICI Pru Gold Pension Savings in the pension and 
annuity segment to address customers liquidity concerns. ICICI Pru Platinum launched in 

 
5 
 
the linked segment provides customers the flexibility to choose level of protection 
between sum assured, fund value or combination of both.  
The third element ‘Digitalisation’ has been detailed from slides 39 to 42. During FY2024, 
we made strong inroads in integrating our digital ecosystem with central agencies to 
fetch KYC and income estimation details for a simplified digital customer onboarding. 
The fourth element i.e., ‘Depth in Partnerships’ is presented on slide 44. We continue to 
build capacity and have added nearly 44,000 agents during FY2024 spread across 
geographies. Within the bank and non-bank channel, we continue to add new 
partnerships and increase share of shop in existing partnerships. We now have a total 
of 44 bank tie-ups with access to more than 21,000 bank branches and more than 1,100 
non-bank partnerships with an addition of 204 non-bank partners during FY2024. Our 
“ICICI Pru Stack”, an array of platform capabilities, helps us deliver superior value 
propositions to our customers, in collaboration with our partners. 
Let me now talk about the business performance update through the elements of our 4P 
strategy. 
Starting with the first ‘P’, that is Premium Growth element, which is mentioned from 
slides 10 to 12. As highlighted by Anup, our persistent efforts to lay the building blocks 
for future growth started yielding results in Q3-FY2024 and is now notably evident in 
Q4-FY2024. 
Our total APE stood at ` 36.15 billion for Q4-FY2024 and ` 90.46 billion for FY2024. Our 
retail APE grew by 12.0% year-on-year to ` 32.01 billion for the last quarter.  
Agency business APE grew by 28.6% year-on-year in Q4-FY2024 resulting in 15.6% 
year-on-year growth for the entire year. 
Agency business contributed 29.1% to overall APE in FY2024 as compared to 26.4% in 
FY2023, it is in line with our efforts to increase the agency channel mix in our Company. 
Anup has already highlighted our efforts on building distribution capacity in the channel.  
On the Direct business, investments in our digital platform have started yielding results. 
We have one of the largest upsell channels in the industry backed by analytical 
capabilities. Our Direct business APE grew by 22.2% year-on-year in Q4-FY2024, 
resulting in 20.0% year-on-year growth for the entire year. Direct business contributed 
14.1% to overall APE in the entire year as compared to 12.3% in FY2023. Together, 
Agency and Direct business, now contribute 51% of our retail APE mix for the entire year. 
Given the investments and efforts we have put into the proprietary channel, we believe 
the strong growth momentum will continue going ahead as well. 
Bancassurance business grew by 18.8% in Q4-FY2024 and 2.3% year-on-year for the 
entire financial year. Bancassurance business contributed 28.7% to overall APE in 
FY2024 as compared to 29.3% in last financial year. 
Partnership distribution APE declined by 26.1% year-on-year in Q4-FY2024 and 8.1% 
decline year-on-year in FY2024. Partnership distribution business contributed 13.0% to 

 
6 
 
overall APE in FY2024. Throughout FY2023, the Partnership distribution channel was 
more focused on the non-par business. As you know, the non-par product segment has 
faced challenges during the year, hence business from this channel has declined. 
However, if you look at last three years from FY2021 to FY2024, it has grown by 26.0% 
CAGR. Therefore, we believe this is transient and expect this channel to grow going 
ahead given new partnership additions and capability to offer varied product 
propositions. 
Group business APE declined by 6.1% year-on-year in Q4-FY2024 and 8.0% in FY2024. 
Group business contributed 15.1% to overall APE in FY2024.  The group channel declined 
on account of group term business, while we registered growth in the group credit life 
and group fund business both in Q4-FY2024 and FY2024. 
We have a very diversified distribution mix with no single distributor, excluding ICICI 
Bank, contributing more than single digit in percentage terms to our overall APE. Hence, 
volatility in any single channel will not have any significant impact on our top line or 
bottom line. 
Along with channel mix, we continue to maintain a well-diversified product mix. FY2024 
witnessed a shift in consumer preference towards ULIP products on account of market 
buoyancy. The non-linked savings contribution to overall APE decreased from 37.3% in 
FY2023 to 25.8% in this financial year over last year. Contribution from the linked savings 
products to overall APE increased from 35.9% in FY2023 to 43.2% in FY2024. 
Annuity business now contributes to 10.5% of overall APE in FY2024, with the tilt 
towards regular premium annuity over single premium annuity, in line with the trends we 
had seen throughout the year. Protection products contributed 16.9% to overall APE and 
group savings products contributed 3.5% to overall APE in FY2024. 
Another important focus area for us is Protection Growth. The overall protection APE 
stood at ` 15.25 billion in FY2024 with contribution from credit life business at 39.4% of 
the overall protection. Retail protection is at 31.4% of the overall protection and group 
term is at 29.2% of the overall protection business for ICICI Prudential. The last 3-year 
trend across the protection APE segment exhibits strong growth in retail protection and 
credit life business, which is presented on Slide 59. The retail protection business has 
registered a strong year-on-year growth of 46.6% in FY2024, and we expect normalised 
growth going ahead in this segment. Credit Life business has also grown by 25.2% year-
on-year in FY2024, in line with strong credit growth in the economy, while the group term 
business has declined in FY2024. 
As discussed before, the Group term market has become extremely competitive. We 
understand this segment well and will underwrite business only if it matches our risk-
reward expectations. 
Coming to the third ‘P’ which is Persistency improvement. Our recently developed AI 
models which forecast persistency behaviour of the customer at various stages has 
helped us to improve the overall persistency levels by taking appropriate interventions. 
As highlighted by Anup, our persistency ratios have been improving across most cohorts. 

 
7 
 
Now moving on to the fourth ‘P’ which is, Productivity enhancement. Our total expenses 
grew by 21.6% year-on-year for FY2024. The increase in new business commission is 
attributed to the redesign of our commission structure pursuant to the flexibility provided 
in IRDAI’s Payment of Commission Regulations. FY2024 had been a transition year, and 
we expect the rates to be more stable in FY2025. Additionally, we have been investing in 
capacity creation to support future growth.  
The investment made though front-ended are necessary to deliver long-term growth for 
the company, and the results are already visible in our H2-FY2024 performance. Our 
overall cost to TWRP stood at 24.0% and saving lines of business cost to TWRP ratio 
stood at 15.8% for FY2024. We monitor cost ratios for the savings line of business 
separately. Our objective is to bring efficiency in the savings line of business while we 
continue to focus on growth in the protection business. 
Consumer centricity continues to be at the core of our strategy. We believe that we have 
the right product through the right channel to the right customer equation, leading to a 
strong business foundation already. 
Going into FY2025, we will capitalise on the same to target untapped markets to expand 
our customer segments. Having said that, we will continue to invest in organisational 
capabilities such as people, process, technology, analytics, distribution, and products to 
ensure we deliver sustainable growth and profitability along with managing risk and 
prudence. 
I will now hand it over to Dhiren to talk to you through the financial update for FY2024. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening. We regularly monitor our experience in respect of 
various risks and the diligent and prudent risk management framework we operate on is 
reflected in our strong and resilient balance sheet presented in slide 16.  
Now let me take you through the financial metrics. As shown in slide 18, our Embedded 
Value grew by 18.8% year-on-year from ` 356.34 billion at March 31, 2023 to ` 423.37 
billion at March 31, 2024. The Value of Inforce (VIF) business grew by 14.5% year-on-
year. Our Embedded Value Operating Profit (EVOP) for FY2024 was ` 50.17 billion. The 
breakup of EVOP is as follows: 
• 
Unwind contribution for FY2024 is at 8.6% of opening EV. 
• 
The VNB of ` 22.27 billion is 6.2% of the opening EV. Unwind and VNB together 
constitute 14.8% of opening EV. 
• 
Operating assumption change is a small positive ` 0.70 billion. 
• 
Persistency variance is a negative ` 0.56 billion which is largely due to increase in 
later duration surrenders in the unit linked portfolio because of equity market 
buoyancy.  
• 
Mortality variance is a negative ` 2.88 billion this year. Negative variance is 
primarily due to an enhanced provision of expected claims incurred but not 

 
8 
 
reported. Without provision for this amount, the variance would have been 
positive. We have provided for this expected but not reported claims in our 
financials on a prudent basis. We will be continuously monitoring this variance 
and currently do not see it impacting our long-term mortality assumption. 
 
Consequently, the ROEV for FY2024 stands at 14.1%.  
Total economic and investment variance is positive ` 16.91 billion due to shift in the yield 
curve and equity market movement. 
 
Our VNB margin for FY2024 was 24.6% as compared to 32.0% in FY2023. The 
contribution of FY2024 VNB from protection products is at 51.4%, non-linked saving 
products is at 36.9% and ULIP products is at 11.7%.  
 
The decline in VNB is primarily on account of a shift in product mix, competitive pricing 
pressure and increase in expenses.  
 
The market buoyancy has led to a growth of unit linked portfolio, which, as you are 
aware, has a lower margin profile compared to the company average. Additionally, 
within the non-linked segment, we have seen a shift in product mix towards participating 
products. 
The industry was impacted due to change in taxation of ₹ 5 lacs non-linked business. 
During the year we introduced various innovative product propositions in this segment 
and one such example is the launch of ICICI Pru GIFT Pro product. However, as also 
mentioned in our previous earnings call, throughout the year there has been competitive 
pressure on pricing in this segment which has impacted VNB.  
Higher expense ratio for the year also had an impact on VNB. As explained earlier, the 
redesign of the commission structure has led to an increase in commission expenses. We 
have also continued investment in capacity creation to support future growth, especially 
in our proprietary channels, as well as in information technology and brand awareness. 
Our expense growth being higher than the topline growth impacted our cost absorption 
capacity.  
So how should one look at this going forward. Here, as we have said before, we will 
continue to focus on growing the absolute VNB. We believe that product mix will be 
guided by customer preferences and our strategy of providing the right product to the 
right customer at the right price and through the right channel will help us to deliver 
growth. Given that we have a well-diversified product suite catering to varied customer 
needs, offered through a large number of distribution partners with access to varied 
customer segments, we believe that we will be able to sustain a balanced product mix. 
On the expense side, since the impact of revised commission structure has already been 
factored in this year and we have seen better growth outlook from H2-FY2024 onwards, 
we don’t expect unit cost to be impacted significantly going forward. Putting these 

 
9 
 
together, with the granular work on customer segment, process, distribution, product and 
brand that we will continue with, our endeavour would be to deliver business growth 
ahead of the industry and our VNB growth will be in line with the business growth. 
On Slide 21, the sensitivity details have been provided. There are no significant changes 
in the various sensitivities of EV. Overall sensitivities of both VNB and EV to various 
factors remain reasonably low, reflecting a stable operating model. Our VNB and EV 
have been independently reviewed by Milliman Advisors and their opinion is available in 
the results pack uploaded on exchanges. 
Slide 22 exhibits other financial metrics. The Company’s profit after tax for FY2024 stood 
at ` 8.52 billion, an increase of 5.1% from FY2023. Our solvency ratio continues to be 
strong at 191.8% at March 2024. Our AUM stood at ` 2.9 trillion at March 31, 2024, a 
growth of 17.1% from March 31, 2023. 
This concludes the financial performance section. Over to you Jit. 
Judhajit Das: 
Thank you, Dhiren. Good evening. I will be sharing the salient aspects of our ESG journey. 
As shared in Slide 24 of our investor presentation, we continue to retain the highest 
ranking in the Indian insurance industry as rated by two leading ESG rating agencies.  
I am delighted to share that during this year, we received the ‘Platinum Award’ for our 
ESG Report FY2023 at the Vision Awards organised by League of American 
Communications Professionals. The other awards won this year for ESG are listed in our 
awards section. 
I will now share the highlights under the top five ESG focus areas.  
On environment, our initiatives are primarily focused on reducing what we consume and 
recycling, what we use wherever possible. We have adopted best-in-class environment-
friendly practices for reducing energy consumption, water conservation and waste 
management. In FY2024, we have taken carbon footprint reduction targets in our 
sustainability journey based on the science-based target initiatives, what is called the 
SBTI methodology, and we're looking at an overall reduction over the next few years. As 
a part of our overall efforts to reduce our carbon footprint, we're also encouraging digital 
adoption across the customer life cycle, and our self-help now stands at 92.8% in this 
year.  
On responsible investing, we already have a Board approved policy to facilitate ESG 
integration in our investments. Our investment team continues to factor in ESG risks by 
taking investment decisions and engage with investee companies based on the ESG 
score as and when required. As a signatory to United Nations Principles for Responsible 
Investment, we remain committed towards integrating a responsible framework to 
promote ESG factors in our investment decisions. 
Coming to social. On the employee front, we believe that people are key to strategy 
execution and the source of our competitive advantage. 90% of our employees rating us 
in the top 2 boxes on various parameters like advocacy, morale, learning and growth, 

 
10 
 
feeling the safety and security and empowerment. Our ratings as “a place to work for” 
are best-in-class among Indian peer life insurance companies on a top global workplace 
platform. On the diversity front, our gender diversity ratio has improved from 27% of 
women employees in FY2022 to 29% in FY2024. 
We continue to encourage adoption of various enabling initiatives and policies under our 
diversity & inclusion (D&I) framework. For example, program for new mothers returning 
to work and mentoring resource group for young women managers. As a testament to 
our endeavours, we have been awarded as “India's Best Life Insurance Company for 
Diversity”, held by the Insurance Alerts in this year. 
Coming to customers and community, for the larger community our aim is to increase 
financial inclusions through specially designed micro-insurance products, targeting 
socially & economically weaker section and we have covered 80.4 million lives as of 
March 31, 2024. Overall, lives covered stood at 96.9 million. Our 13-month persistency 
ratio of 89% is one of the best in the industry. This year, we settled more than 3.1 lakh 
retail and group claims. To promote digital adoption and deliver similar service to our 
customers, we've integrated various ecosystem databases and repositories. 
Coming to governance. Our Board has a majority of Independent Directors, enabling the 
separation of the Board's supervisory role from executive management. And our efforts 
shall always be to ensure that we always adhere to best-in-class governance standards. 
To summarise, sustainability is intrinsic to our vision of building an enduring institution 
and as we strive to serve the long term and saving the protection needs of our customers, 
we would like to reaffirm our commitment once again to create a culture that embraces 
sustainability and goes beyond goals and targets for integrating best-in-class 
sustainability practices with our business processes. Thank you very much. 
And we're now happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Yes, good evening, sirs, and thank you for the opportunity. Three questions from my side. 
First of all, the VNB margin. So, I just wanted to understand if there has been a 
contraction also sequentially from nine month level to the full year number. Now if I look 
at how the product mix has played out between the quarters, I think there has been a 
larger shift towards annuity vis-a-vis maybe group term life/group protection. Now I just 
wanted to understand, so you have highlighted a few things like shift from non-par to 
par and lower group term life as a couple of factors. But for example, annuity, the recent 
product, which has seen strong scale-up. Wanted to understand also the margin 
implications of that because as I understood that it had a kind of a lower upfront, higher 
trail kind of a payout model. So just trying to kind of understand how the margins played 
out like this? And how should we think about the number going ahead as we move into 
FY2025? That is the first one. 

 
11 
 
In terms of Banca, if you could give us some numbers of how I-Bank what was the 
premium garnered from I-Bank in Q4-FY2024 as well as in FY2024. And should we 
expect any growth in the run rate in FY2025? And given the fact that the Banca channel 
overall seems to be focused on the non-linked savings parts? Would it remain the case 
in FY2025 as well? Or is there a possibility of diversion towards ULIP? 
And thirdly, you mentioned about the redesign of the commission structure. If you could 
highlight in which channels you are seeing this play out and what is the level of 
escalation? And could there be further escalation going ahead? And is it because of the 
competitive intensity or any other reason. So those would be my questions. 
 
Dhiren Salian: 
Hi, Swarnabha. This is Dhiren. Thanks so much for those questions. So let me pick up 
one-by-one. The first bit on the margin that you spoke of and the fact that we've 
introduced a new product on the annuity side, so that product has done well. I think some 
sense from the fact that we had a PR support on it at the start of the quarter that pickup 
was decent. But again, as you also rightly mentioned, this is built with a trailed-out 
commission structure. So, it would cater to only the specific types of distribution partners. 
Now when you look at our margin, we've given the margin walk for the full year, how it 
goes from 32% to 24.6%. And you see the expense change that has come through, which 
is a negative 4.1%. That's been the large shift across from start of the year to end of the 
year. The business mix, there have obviously been a shift. We spoke of the fact that the 
inter-se mix between the par, non-par through the year has happened, along with the 
group term decline. 
Overall, put together, the business mix has, yielded a negative 1.5%. And there's been a 
negative 1.8%, primarily due to the yield curve movements. Now some portion of this also 
has played out into Q4-FY2024 itself. While looking at incremental Q4-FY2024 margins 
may not be the right way to look at it, it is more if you look at it from a full year 
perspective. 
Coming to your third question, let me pick that up first. The redesign of the commission 
structure, I believe, is largely complete. We don't expect too many changes of this going 
forward into the coming year. Which channel has it increased? I think largely in non-
agency channels, there has been an increase in commission rates. And these are, I 
believe, are market rates at this point. And no doubt, competitive pressure continues on 
those segments. 
The good part for us is when we look at the Company in all, the retail business when you 
break it down roughly about half of the business is contributed from agency and direct. 
ICICI Bank plus Standard Chartered Bank, all of this contributes roughly in the range of 
about 70 plus percent. So, when you look at the multi-insurer channels, that contribution 
is actually quite small in relation. So, to that extent, whatever disruption may happen, 
may happen within the multi-insurer space and less to do with our proprietary channels. 
Coming to your second question on Banca and especially when you look at ICICI Bank, 
we've called it out earlier as well. It's broadly in the ₹ 80 crores to ₹ 100 crores range in 

 
12 
 
the month. There could be periods that is slightly higher given that the underlying product 
mix that ICICI Bank is fundamentally on unit-linked and protection. Unit-linked in this 
quarter has done well across the board. So, to that extent, it is slightly higher than the 
average rate. ICICI Bank, there is no change in strategy. The numbers continue to be 
stable, and we'd expect that into the coming year as well. 
Amit Palta: 
So, within bank like Dhiren mentioned, ICICI continues its stable growth and protection, 
which is the chosen area of focus by ICICI, they've done very well at close to around about 
45% of growth. What we have seen in multi-insurance banks as well as non-bank 
partnerships, is where we have seen some kind of a stress on overall top line as well. In 
fact, in Q4-FY2024, almost every distribution channel of ours grew in March-over-March 
as well as Q4-FY2024 over Q4-FY2023 except for multi-insurer non-bank distribution. 
That is where we saw the maximum stress because this was a channel, which was 
largely focused on non-participating products. And hence had to face the maximum 
brunt of that demand that will compress through the year. 
So that business for ours on non-bank partnerships is close to, 15% of our total and 
adding to it another 12% of our business, which comes from multi-insurer, other banks 
other than ICICI and Standard Chartered. Overall business coming outside our 
proprietary channels is close to 27% of our business. 
So, this is where the disruption or competitive forces come into play and you at times 
have to respond to the changes and look at adding value through various means. And it 
is not restricted only to commission, but it also pushes you to add value to areas outside 
pricing as well. But yes, when it comes to disruption, it will be limited to only 27% of the 
business when it comes to impact on the overall commissions. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Understood sir. So just a follow-up, I had also requested for some kind of guidance on 
how to look at or try to understand the margin for FY2025, some direction in it would be 
very helpful? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Sure, Swarnabh. I covered that earlier in the comments as well, but we are not fixated 
on margins, we're looking at growing absolute VNB and given that one of the biggest 
drags on margin for the year, which has been the expense ratio, I think that's behind us, 
which has been driven by the commission guideline change. I believe if the product mix 
stays this way, then it should kind of stay broadly stable at this level. But of course, 
depending upon where customer demand is, we will be looking to grow those segments. 
And to that extent, the product mix shifts, you will see a shift in the margin as well. 
Amit Palta: 
Yes. Just to give you some fair idea, if you were to compare this Q4-FY2024 versus last 
year Q4-FY2023, actually, non-participating guaranteed products contributed almost 

 
13 
 
37% of the overall mix last year, which this year it has come down to 10%, which we 
believe is going to stay at similar levels even in FY2025. And second impact was group 
protection. Group protection was almost half of what we delivered last year. 
So, if you look at these two impacts, I think it has already built into the base, which 
probably will not go further down from where it is currently. So, to that extent, you can 
expect that the volatility that you saw in the margins on account of group protection, on 
account of non-participating guaranteed products, which had relatively better margins 
last year, stabilization of this will probably lead to more stability of margins going 
forward in FY2025. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Understood, sir. Sir, the exit rate would be a better metric to look at or the full year run 
rate in terms of margin? 
Dhiren Salian: 
I think you should look at the full year rate. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Two questions. The first one is on embedded value. If I see there, of course, I mean you 
have a negative variance in terms of mortality. But you said that is kind of for the future 
expectation in the mortality. So then can you explain, I mean, should not it have gone in 
the operating assumption changes rather than variance or if you can break it up into 
whatever sort of your experience that was in FY2024? Or what is sort of for the future 
changes? 
And second one is, again, a bit on VNB. If I were to look the product you have launched 
particularly the 100% return of premium and all, the product typically designed where, I 
mean, sticking for the long term or like if you have a more trail-based commissions. And 
additionally, also, you sort of highlight that you have one of the highest sorts of 
distribution where you don't have to compete with an open channel. Yet commission 
rates have gone up so much. So in that context, I would like to understand that in your 
sort of product proposition is changing more favourable to customers and yet it requires 
sort of a higher amount of payouts. So, I mean, what's happening there, particularly? So, 
these are my two questions. Thank you. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, Avinash, on your first question in terms of variance. The reason why we have taken 
this in variance is because we believe it to be short term if it was permanent that we 
would have taken as a part of our operating assumption change. 

 
14 
 
The second question that you have pointed out is on commission. We feel that the 
commissions have been redesigned, and you have to appreciate that the commissions 
have to be in line with market. It cannot be out of line with market because otherwise, 
whatever proprietary distribution that we have built may not stay with us on a 
sustainable basis throughout the long term. We may be able to bear competitive 
pressures at the margin in terms of where the distribution payouts are, but you cannot 
be far away from the market. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. But your product design, you have changed, I mean, so at the moment, a couple of 
the products we have launched that is not really yet available with the market. So, if you 
are sort of making product design policyholder friendly and yet you are matching the sort 
of the payouts at the sort of market at present, of course, I mean, the margins will be 
extremely under pressure. 
Dhiren Salian: 
No, you are right. These products are things that we are experimenting with, which will 
align the distributor incentive along with better customer outcomes. But again, given the 
way these products are at this stage, they are quite new to the market. The pickup is 
small relatively. And so, I mean in any case it's done with only in Q4-FY2024. So, we have 
not seen the full play out of this across the year. The pickup, we understand is also quite 
limited to those distributors for whom trail commission works. Some of the smaller 
distributors may not go up with this trail model because they will have their own working 
capital challenges. 
Amit Palta: 
Just to clarify, after this product launch that we're talking about, both on 100% surrender 
value as well as trail-based unit-linked product that we launched recently, as a 
percentage mix even on a stand-alone March or a stand-alone quarter, this mix still 
remains very small. And the distribution, which has picked up this product also is at a 
very start-up stage, very small proportion of our overall distribution has actually adopted 
this. 
So, anything that you do with that small proportion of entire distribution will not have an 
impact on the overall distribution in cost or top line. That is something which I thought I 
will clarify. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, Avinash, just to add to that, in these products that we have launched where those 
commissions are deferred, it's just that a commission is deferred. There's no reason why 
the margin is low on this. That's something that you should understand as well. 
Essentially, what we're doing is aligning distributor incentives with the customers' 
required output. 
Avinash Singh: 

 
15 
 
Okay, a quick follow-up. In the persistency variance, of course, it's a very, very small 
number. I mean, again, see on the unit-linked, these are small negative numbers. But I 
see persistency typically for you, it has been generally improving. So, I mean if there is 
something specific, what sort of a cause is negative around? Because if I see over the 
years, generally, in the disclosed cohort at least, persistence has been generally low? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Absolutely. So, the early period persistency, you've seen that climb across these years. 
The 13-month persistency, we're close to 90%. I think pretty much best in class. And 
we're quite happy to share that our second year of persistency, which is the 25th month, 
come up all the way till 80%, again, class leading. The reason why we have this negative 
variance is because this is later period surrenders in the buoyant equity market that's 
created a run-up in terms of outflows. And that has created a little bit of a variance on 
this product. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, see, in the VNB walk, the 410 basis points, that is with 
respect to assumptions, can we attribute largely to the opex? Or you have revisited some 
assumptions with respect to persistency and mortality also and that is getting reflected 
in the margin compression. That's my first question. 
And the second question is that mostly annuity has done well for you because of the new 
product launch. And honestly, one of the largest contributors to you compared to peers, 
around 10% of the total APE. So maybe this product remains a focus area, and I believe 
this was driven by proprietary channel. Then when this product has been margin lower 
than the company average, which is around 24.5, then this product does well, are you 
still confident that the margins what you are reporting today are going to hold up for the 
subsequent years or not? That's the point. And lastly, one, if you can give an exact 
number of how much ICICI Bank contributed for FY2024 in APE in terms that will be 
useful? Those are my questions. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, the 4.1% negative that is due to operating assumption changes is, of course, because 
of expense ratios. That's a short answer to that. 
In terms of the product that you mentioned the annuity product which is the GPP Flexi 
with Benefit Enhancer. Again, the margins of this are not low. Please understand that. 

 
16 
 
Just because the commissions are trailed down does not mean that the margins are low 
on this product. 
Sanketh Godha: 
My question was Dhiren whether the margins are better than the company average or 
lower than the company average? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes, they are. 
Sanketh Godha: 
They are better than the company average. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes, they are better. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Fine. And if you can spell out the ICICI Bank number? 
Amit Palta: 
Yes, ICICI Bank contributes a very similar number right through the year. They were close 
to 12% to 15% is what the range month-on-month. Some months are better, some 
months are lower. Eventually Q4-FY2024 because of protection is doing very well and 
with increased demand on unit linked, it was relatively higher in comparison to what we 
have seen in ICICI Bank in first 9 months. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, sir, I can work at 13.5 kind of number for the entire year, right? 
Amit Palta: 
Yes, you can work on that on the retail side. 
Dhiren Salian: 
As we indicated, we're looking at about ₹80 to ₹100 crores a month, it's broadly where 
it is at. Like Amit also mentioned depending upon the quarter or the environment can be 
slightly higher or lower depending upon how unit link does. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 

 
17 
 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. Mostly my questions have been answered. Just one clarification I wanted on the 
mortality and mobility variance of FY2024. Sorry, maybe I didn't understand it is the same 
amount of negative variance that we saw in the COVID year of FY2021. So probably, if 
you can help me understand where exactly this that big an impact comes from. I 
understand you're saying that it is one of those incurred but not reported claims. But if 
you can help us obviously understand it a little bit better. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Shreya, you can't correlate those two periods. Yes, this is an IBNR-related element, and 
this is largely we have seen from our group credit side. 
Shreya Shivani: 
It's on the group credit business? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. So, is this coming from group credit business within this year or historical years? 
Dhiren Salian: 
It's over the whole book. It's not just this year’s. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. Over the period. Okay. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes. As we spoke of earlier, we still see positive variances if it were not for this provision 
that we held on IBNR. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. So should we expect our pricing on group credit business to the end customer 
allowed to change because of... 
Dhiren Salian: 
Not at this moment. We believe this to be transient. And we'll keep assessing this and 
keep a close watch on where these businesses end up, but at this point no change to 
pricing. 

 
18 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. This is it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is I'm trying to understand this 4.1% operating assumption change in 
the margin. What proportion of this would be due to a higher commission versus fixed 
cost absorption because your growth in cost this year was higher than the APE growth. 
If you could break that up that would be very helpful. And that's the first one. 
Next is, this year the cost growth was higher than your APE growth and next year how 
should we think of it as what kind of cost investments are you planning? And so, given 
that this year we have seen significant investments, should we see a slowed down next 
year and some bit of leverage flows into the margin? That's the second question. 
And lastly, you have given stock options. Just wanted to understand what are the 
threshold for exercising those stock options? What metrics are these stock options based 
on? And what we would need to hit for vesting of those stock options? That would be 
helpful. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Supratim, the operating assumption change as we spoke of is due to expense ratio, 
difficult to call out what proportion comes from commission and what proportion comes 
from opex. You've seen the overall costs go up by about 20% and that has impacted the 
overall unit cost. 
One other thing to also note is that we believe that this entire redesign of the commission 
structure in this transient year I think has been largely complete. So going forward, in 
terms of where the commission rate should be, we believe them to be largely stable or 
depending upon the channel and product. 
Now how do we expect the outlook into the coming year. With this commissions being 
stable, essentially all that we'll be able to work with is the operating expenses which we 
believe we should be in a position to calibrate based on our growth in a much more 
considered fashion as compared to the previous year.  
So technically we do not want to lose any operating leverage on this, any operating 
leverage that we gain we want to invest that back into the business. We do not want to 
stop our investment going forward because they are going to be the building blocks of 
growth into the coming years. 
You had a question on the stock option? 
Supratim Datta: 

 
19 
 
Yes. 
Judhajit Das: 
So, these are grants to employees that we make, employee stock options and employee 
stock units. We have a scheme approved by the Board. So as per the new requirements 
we are required to do the secretarial practice to inform the exchange. So, I guess you're 
referring to that. So, these are regular grants we've been making for the last few years. 
Supratim Datta: 
And is there any requirement for the vesting so you would need to take a certain 
threshold or certain growth certain profitability for the vesting or there is no such 
threshold for vesting? 
Judhajit Das: 
So, there are certain vesting requirements for the employee stock units as part of the 
scheme. And ESOP you only make money when the stock price is above the grant price, 
and these are granted at exercise. The exercise prices are the yesterday's market price. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Supratim, one other supplementary to the point that you raised on commissions. From 
our understanding of the market, we believe that our commission levels are actually 
lower than those of our large peers. That is something that we have understood. The 
way it sets out is because it's not just the commission in play, it's essentially the entire 
package that you provide to the distribution partner, be it in terms of the product, be it in 
terms of the process; commission is one element of it. 
You've heard us speak about various enablers that we had launched through the year, 
things such as same-day commission, they've got the entire IPru Partner Stack which 
enables you to provide a full 360 view of the customer through the distribution partner. 
It also enables us to penetrate the partner's base to a much greater degree with the use 
of analytics. And the entire picture that we present is that we would like to be the most 
partnerable life insurer. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankita Srivastava from ABSLI. Please go ahead. 
Pankita Srivastava: 
Sir, I wanted to understand what is the new business premium generated in credit life. 
And if you can let us know the breakup between the other partners and ICICI Bank? 
That's my question, sir. 

 
20 
 
Dhiren Salian: 
Credit life, we have broken down the mix. Yes. So, credit life was ₹602 crores of APE for 
the year. This is there on Slide #59. 
Pankita Srivastava: 
Okay. And also, if you can just throw some light on the partner's breakup from ICICI Bank 
and the other partners? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes. We discussed that in the context of a previous question. ICICI Bank roughly in range 
about ₹80 crores to ₹100 crores a month through the year. 
Of course, the number depends upon the current environment. If unit linked does well, 
then the number can be north of that. Unit linked does not do well, it end up being a little 
lower. So, to that extent, I think it's been fairly stable through the year. But anywhere in 
the range of 12% to 15% of retail APE. 
Pankita Srivastava: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, first on the IBNR provision. So, of ₹282 crores is this coming largely from the GTI 
business or which sort of protection business is contributing the retail protection, credit 
life or the GTI business? That's my first question. 
Second, on overall retail business growth so Q4-FY2024 we've seen a pretty good 
number coming month-on-month. Should we expect sort of similar run rate going into FY 
2025 or how should we look at growth in terms of industry or private life insurers retail 
premium growth? So, in context of the industry, how should we sort of think about your 
growth? 
And in your operating assumption changes, you mentioned it's largely because of 
expenses. Are there no other sort of changes there relating to mortality, morbidity 
assumption changes? I just wanted to sort of clarify on that as well? 
Amit Palta: 
So going forward on FY2025 momentum adjusting for seasonality, I believe that for all 
the capacity creation that has happened over the entire last financial year, I think the 
interplay of products, a few channels where the investment was done, and the capacity 

 
21 
 
improvement will play out well for us. So, we are fairly confident on the momentum that 
we have built going forward into FY2025 year-on-year. 
So, exit of this year is on a very different foundation in comparison to where we were last 
year. This gives us confidence that what you witnessed in Q4-FY2024 is only the 
beginning and probably from here we will look good from here. Like I mentioned for the 
interventions on product, new projects, capacity improvement which has improved 
drastically, I think it can play out well for us in FY2025. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
What would be sort of your target with respect to sort of industry growth. You would 
have some number in mind in relative to industry growth? 
Amit Palta: 
Yes, related to industry you made my answer very simple. Since you asked me related to 
industry, we are intending to do an alpha. So, what we delivered in Q4-FY2024 is what 
we intend to do going forward quarter-on-quarter. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, Madhukar, on your other question in terms of where is that IBNR count, it is from the 
credit life business. And you asked another question on the operating assumption 
change. It's a bunch of small, small things around persistency around mortality, 
morbidity. Anyway, it's all ₹70 crores at the end of it. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And one final question on the ICICI Bank channel. So now you have a ULIP product which 
has largely trail commissions. You have an annuity product which is also largely trail 
commission. So, you seem to be creating bouquet of products which probably ICICI Bank 
would sort of look more favourably towards. Is there any conversation happening on 
those lines where the bank may be more amenable to selling these set of newer products 
or are you sort of planning towards that over the next 6 months, 8 months, we'll launch 
more of these products, and these will then be part of the ICICI Bank channel. Is that the 
thought process? 
Amit Palta: 
First of all, choice of products we as a part of our partnership philosophy, we leave it with 
our partners to decide. They have their own priorities. They may look at a few products 
at various points in time and they choose to select those products as part of their overall 
bouquet of services.  
So, I will not comment on what goes on because it's an evolving situation. Every quarter, 
we take stock as to what we want to do and how we want to progress. Specifically on 
these trail-based products, we are looking at constant insights from the customers as to 
what they are assessing, what they're looking at as alternate options, even outside life 
insurance business. 

 
22 
 
And hence, we are trying to address the core customer demand, core customers need on 
investment and building savings over a long period of time. And to address that core 
long-term investments or long-term savings is where we have created this product, 
which is closest to the customer's world view.  
And from there, then it is up to the distributor who is closest to that customer to make 
this product available. That's where the choice of distributor comes in. So we stay true 
to the customer. We create a proposition which is most meaningful to them. And then 
we make an offer to our partners to see whoever has access to the customer, they pick 
it up. That's why the diverse distribution, not every product will get picked with every 
distributor. It also depends upon their priorities as to what they want to do and where 
they see synergy. So that's what my answer is on the products. 
For all new initiatives, new products, new process interventions that we did, not 
everything was meant for every distribution partner. That's the advantage as well as a 
consequence of running a very diversified distribution. Our job is to create products, our 
job is to understand customers and then make it available. And depending upon partner 
priorities, they may pick few, or they may drop few. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gao Zhixuan from Schonfeld. Please go 
ahead. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Thank you so much for opportunity. Just wanted to follow up on the margin again. I want 
to understand because the first half and the second half margin is quite different. So, you 
advised us to look at the full year margin. So, I just want to understand, and I understand 
the mix because the mix will be volatile quarter-to-quarter, but if I just look at Q4-FY2024 
margin, and we assume that business mix doesn't change going forward. How does the 
margin move up? 
What are the levers for the margin to move up towards the 24%-25% kind of margin 
level? As you mentioned, we thought we won't see commission restructuring or payout 
increase further deteriorate from here. We won't see operating leverage further 
deteriorate from here, but that doesn't seem to suggest that without business mix 
change, margins should move up from what we see in the second half or the fourth 
quarter level, so to understand that? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Gao, thanks for the question. I think the right way to look at margin is to look at it from 
the full year perspective. During the years, there are certain assumptions that we take in 
terms of the unit cost based on the full year’s business delivery, then that gets trued up 

 
23 
 
as we get through to the end of the year. So, I think the appropriate way to look at it is 
to look at the full year margins. 
From here on, we spoke of margin is not a core KPI for us, we're looking at growth of 
absolute VNB. However, there can be positives and negatives to the margin, depending 
upon the way the product mix evolves. That is one way that we could look at the margin 
moving up or down. Retail protection growth has done well through the year. If that 
continues and we're able to leverage upon that, we should be able to grow margins. The 
group term business, which had declined through the year, if it stabilizes, that can 
become a support, credit life growth will also help positive margins. 
Of course, there can be a downside in terms of unit linked growing faster. But then, like I 
said, end of the day, what we're looking for is growth in absolute VNB. If the mix stays 
the way it is, as I spoke of earlier, with the commission restructuring behind us, we believe 
we should be able to stay where we are. So, expense unit cost, that we had to take on 
during the year, I think is largely behind us at this point. 
Gao Zhixuan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi, everyone. Good evening. Sir, firstly, if I heard it correctly, you mentioned that your 
commission rates are lower than the larger peers. Is that correct? And if that's so, do we 
see any further pressure on commissions coming through because we want to be in sync 
with the market rates on commissions. 
Secondly, from a growth perspective for next year, you mentioned that we've been 
investing in channels, and particularly, I was just more interested in the non-bank 
partnerships where you closed a lot many partnerships in last year. Now if those are to 
fructify and resulting to a stronger top line growth, won't we have a significant leverage 
coming in from those businesses, which could drive up margins? Or do you expect the 
momentum in these partner tie-ups to continue? 
And lastly, from a broader across pan-India strategy. Now with the ticket size of ₹ 5 lakh 
plus, we're going through a tough time, do we expect more granular growth and you 
would invest into doing the Tier 2, Tier 3, some numbers on tier wise breakup and growth. 
And does the Tier 2, Tier 3 kind of come at a lower margin versus the Tier 1? These are 
my questions. Thanks. 
Amit Palta: 
This is Amit. Let me take your question. First of all, you mentioned whether our 
commission rates are actually lower than some of our peers. We don't believe in 

 
24 
 
speculation actually. We have visibility to 27% of our business, which we do through 
multi-insurer. Hence, we have a fair amount of conviction on making the statement that 
we are definitely not the market leader on this. So, our commissions are definitely lower 
than the peers where we are operating together in some of our multi-insurer 
partnerships. That is something for sure we can say. Rest assured, we don't speculate. 
Two, on the new partnerships you mentioned that we have added some 200-odd 
partners over the entire year. See, this is a process that we have been following for the 
last quite a few years. So, some part of our distribution outcome that you saw in FY2024 
also was contributed by partners who were added in FY2023. And FY2022 also partners 
went through the learning curve and started contributing. So, it happens in cycles. 
So, every partner comes, goes through a learning curve that adds to the operating 
leverage and starts giving us the bottom line. So, this is something which is an ongoing 
process, not just in non-bank partners, but even in our proprietary distribution that 
happens where you build capacity in year one and it starts playing out over a period of 
year two, year three. Once the maturity of the distribution happens, both our employees 
as well as the advisors, move up the learning curve and start contributing over a period 
of year two, year three. 
So that is something that we are quite confident. I think for capacity that we added for 
the last two years, it has started playing out well because some of the models that we 
have created on building capability have held us in good state in H2-FY2024. It was 
based on that confidence that we had given the guidance of 10% growth in Q4-FY2024. 
I'm very happy to state that what we invested on capacity turned out and we managed 
to double our productivity from Q3-FY2024 to Q4-FY2024 by virtue of the leverage that 
we got through capability models, which started giving us returns going forward. 
On your last question that you mentioned about ₹ 5 lakh plus business becoming a 
challenge. Well, it was a challenge in Q1-FY2024, Q2-FY2024 because there was a 
period when the alternate solutions were still being explored, and there was a period 
where demand, I will not say, was compressed, it got deferred. But however, with 
buoyancy in markets, more than ₹ 5 lakh business actually came back, so putting 
together, participating as well as linked business & annuity, more than ₹ 5 lakh business 
on a stand-alone basis in quarter three actually grew last year. So, I don't think that issue 
remains the number of options available for an affluent customer who is willing to invest 
more than ₹ 5 lakh are anyways limited. So, in unit-linked products, you still have the 
best tax solution. 
So, from that perspective, even on Pension platform, there are product categories which 
give the best and the most optimal tax solution on a high-ticket size as well. So, I don't 
think that will get impacted. It was a low quarter one, quarter two, impact was obvious 
because a lot of the demand in quarter one, quarter two was also preponed in the last 
quarter of last year. So, I don't think more than ₹ 5 lakhs is going to be a challenge. 
At the same time, your point on going retail and granular is, of course, taken. This is 
something that we will continue to work on. Of all the distribution that we have, whether 
it is agency or through bank partners, or through non-bank partners, we are fairly 
represented in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets already. Right. So, to that extent, typically, the 
composition of individual customers that you find in Tier 2, Tier 3 markets are different. 

 
25 
 
So probably you will have more mass and more mass affluent in comparison to affluent 
in a smaller market. 
And otherwise, life insurance product that piece is quite simple. Eventually, it is a life 
stage and the income that you earn decides what you buy for the goals that you have in 
life. So, from that perspective, product contours don't change from one market to another. 
It is the composition of customers that changes from market to market. 
I think we are well placed in terms of overall category of products that we have available 
in our bouquet. And hence, we can cater to Tier 2, Tier 3 markets, any upsurge in demand 
that we have witnessed. And we have distribution partners who are representing these 
Tier 2, Tier 3 markets fairly across banks, non-banks as well as our agency distribution. 
Prayesh Jain: 
My question was more on like if you go granular, have you kind of priced in the mortality 
or morbidity or persistency, which could be really different between Tier 2, Tier 3 and if 
you have to go down further. The mortality, morbidity, and persistency can be really 
different? 
Amit Palta: 
Absolutely. In fact, in the opening address, Anup mentioned that we do run an analytics-
based propensity to lapse and propensity to longevity and risk model on our new 
business model. So, at the time of acquiring a new policy or selling it to new customers, 
the policies go through that rigour of identifying as a potential lapse or a claim at an 
early stage and we'll go through an extra due diligence process for that. 
The reason why our persistency is also improving quarter-on-quarter, the last few 
quarters now is largely on account of this model that we have deployed, and the early 
gains are already visible in H2-FY2024. So, to that extent, I think Tier 2 or Tier 3 market. 
While mortality is priced as per the profile of the customers, but from the process that 
we are put in at time of onboarding, I think we'll be able to eliminate ourselves from the 
profiles which are not desired. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So just to add to that, from industry level studies, we understand that the mortality in the 
Tier 2, Tier 3 cities will be higher than that of Tier 1 cities. That is something that we are 
very cognizant of as we step into those areas. We've also seen some numbers in terms 
of where the persistency are. They typically are lower. And those are things that one 
should take into account, as you mentioned beyond Tier 2, Tier 3. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 

 
26 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Good evening. Sir, two questions from my side. First, if I look at your Q4-FY2024 non-
linked savings business. And if I suppose the one-offs in the base, it seems to be down 
around 25%, 30%, while you mentioned that from the Q3-FY2024 onward, the high-
ticket par and ULIP starts to revive on a year-on-year basis and assuming trends 
continue in the 4Q. Can you give some colour on what led to this sort of moderation in 
the non-linked savings business in Q4-FY2024 ex the one-off? 
Second, on the 27% of the business, which is noncore, non-proprietary, or multichannel, 
as you call it, can you shed some colour on what gives you confidence that the 
commission payouts have stabilized? Is it like you're seeing trends across other players 
or other insurers present in those channels? Are there EOM levels kind of all used up such 
that they cannot really kind of compete move going into the next year? 
And in line with that, you also mentioned that you are seeing counter share improvement 
at this multichannel partners. At least for the top four, five partners in this multichannel 
networks, could you give some colour on the counter share improvement, if possible? 
Dhiren Salian: 
So Dipanjan two points. One, when you look at Q4-FY2024 product mixes, yes, the non-
linked has not done so well, but to some extent, I think annuity has stepped up in that 
period and supported that. That's something that we have seen in Q4-FY2024. I'm 
missing a bit your second question on this. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes, the second question was on the… 
Dhiren Salian: 
On the commission rates, see, these have been broadly stable over the last couple of 
quarters. We've spoken about this at the end of last quarter as well where we have seen 
some stabilization come through. But I think as we have now exited quarter four, they 
are fairly certain that at this point, the commission rates seem to be stable. Of course, it 
all depends upon how the environment evolves. But by and large, there could be some 
changes at the margin, but we don't expect any large-scale movements from here on. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. If I can just on the counter share across some of these multichannel partners, if you 
can give some colour on that? 
Amit Palta: 
Yes, I wish this information was available in the public domain, and I could share with 
you because this is one number which is informally tracked very closely. All I can say is 

 
27 
 
that for the business growth that we witnessed in multi-insurer distribution both in banks 
as well as non-bank partnerships. We have not degrown as much as the overall space. 
And partner by partner, we have seen our share actually growing up. However, since this 
number is not publicly available, I can't quote that at this point. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just one follow-up on the first question. On the product mix, you mentioned that annuity 
has picked up and you've done well on that. But can you split it between, let's say, if you 
take the guaranteed return, low ticket, or the par low ticket, has that reported a positive 
growth or is that also lagging? Because from a medium-term perspective, while the high 
ticket, you mentioned you remain assertive on that, but at least on the mass market low 
ticket, I'm just taking cues from the last few questions. Is that segment growing if you 
can share some positive understanding on that? 
Dhiren Salian: 
So Dipanjan, by and large, if you look at the margins, I think when you look at the rates 
that are being offered all the way through Q4-FY2024, I believe, by and large, when 
people have held them steady, they have been suboptimal relative to what they were in 
the previous quarters. I think the other interesting part is that once the year has gotten 
through, we have seen a correction in rates on the non-par side for most companies in 
the first 15 days of this month itself.  
So, there will be some stabilization on the margins for non-par will happen into the 
coming year. But I'd say, when we look at more than ` 5 lakh customer or a more affluent 
customers, I think we have not lost them because we've been tracking that customer 
segment across all lines of business. So, while those who are not amenable to buy non-
par product has actually switched off and bought participating as well as unit linked 
product. So, to that extent, as Amit also pointed out to the second half of the year, we 
have not really lost those affluent customers. 
The growth in the less than ` 5 lakh ticket size broadly has been more around the 
participating when you look at the non-linked space. The switch out has happened from 
non-par into participating at this point. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I have one question. You mentioned about alpha over 
industry. So what products are expected to deliver that alpha for us, given that protection 

 
28 
 
will normalise and let's assume ULIPs also can normalise in a steady market, will it be 
annuity and non-par in FY2025? 
Amit Palta: 
See, very difficult to envisage which specific product line. As a manufacturer, we will 
continue to focus on creating multiple options and keep working through research in 
understanding customers' worldview and trace change in preferences. So, we keep 
manufacturing products which we believe is meaningful, which we are picking up as 
feedback from customers. And then it is up to customers to give us the momentum. 
So for us to decipher at this point in time which category of product will really drive 
growth, we are quite capable of creating multiple products across categories, which is 
making us confident that no matter what the environment would be, I think we have a 
product for every environment and at the same time, in every category, whether a 
customer has a low-risk appetite, medium-risk appetite or a good-risk appetite. 
I think we are fairly comfortable in catering to any consumer segment irrespective of 
what happens in the market. But to put our finger on one category, it is very difficult in 
the beginning of the year. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Okay. I'll flip it. Channel-wise, which channel can deliver like above average industry 
growth? I'm assuming you are taking a 15%... 
Amit Palta: 
So, like I told you, against the 12% retail APE growth that you witnessed in the company, 
our proprietary distribution grew in excess of 20% in Q4-FY2024, so our direct 
distribution grew at 20%+ in Q4-FY2024. Our agency business grew at 28% in Q4-
FY2024 against the company growth of 10%, against the private insurer industry growth 
of 2%. So obviously, proprietary is where we will look at investing further and we'll see 
how it grows. 
Ajox Frederick: 
So, industry is expected to grow somewhere in the range of 13% to 15%. That's what 
you're expecting at this point in time? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Difficult to put a call on the industry, but I think we're fairly clear where we want to be, it 
will be an alpha over the market. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Sure, sir. That's it from me. Thanks. 
Moderator: 

 
29 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Thanks for taking my question. I'm looking at Slide 19 of your presentation, essentially 
the EV walk and trying to understand what are the operating assumption changes that 
we are making? 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, Nischint, we picked this up earlier as well. There are a variety of small changes that 
have happened. At the end of it, it's ₹ 70 crores. It's not really material. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And just to re-clarify, on the VNB margin movement, the minus 1.5% is essentially 
the business mix, which is probably a shift between ULIP and non-linked. Is that the way 
to think of it? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Everything put together, we've had a drop in the group term numbers as well. So, 
everything put together is what has contributed to the business mix. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And 4.1% is purely higher expenses and higher payouts? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes, that is the expense ratio. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And why is the economic assumption change negative? 
Dhiren Salian: 
These are yield curve changes. So, as we mentioned in the earlier call, there has been 
competitive pressure. Most participants have held on to rates through the year that has 
led to reduction in spreads on the non-par and annuity side. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
That comes under the economic assumption change? 
Dhiren Salian: 
That’s in the economic assumption change. 

 
30 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Basically, it’s the IRR pressure that we’re talking about, right, IRR putting pressure on 
this? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes, you got that right. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay. And finally, just on this VNB contribution when we look at. When we try to 
calculate segmented VNB margin, it looks like the heavy lifting of this margin contraction 
is all in the savings non-linked portion. Protection margins and savings linked margins 
are probably held on or maybe even expanded a little bit. So, is my reading, right? And 
why is it just reflecting in one segment? 
Dhiren Salian: 
In one segment, which is the non-linked savings, that’s again the inter-se mix that you 
see between par and non-par. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay, got it. And sorry, just one final one. If I look at the channel mix, if you look at 
bancassurance and try to see the bancassurance mix, I think in last FY2023-24, ULIP 
ratio has actually been stable, while for all the other channels or everywhere else in the 
industry, we have seen ULIP going up. You mentioned that ICICI Bank continues to push 
ULIP. Does it mean that the other banks have significantly slowed down in ULIP or 
probably doubled up on non-linked savings in this year? 
Amit Palta: 
Yes. So let me just do a small correction. Actually, ICICI doesn't push unit-linked products. 
As per strategy, unit-linked product is available on the shelf if there was to be a customer 
demand. They offer unit-linked products. So, it's not something which is really pushed. 
And as far as unit-linked products being sold in other bank partners, you are right. This 
is not a category of product which is understood well in smaller markets. 
And a large number of bank partners have presence in smaller markets, semi-urban and 
rural markets where the preferred choice of product is actually not unit-linked. So that is 
the reason when you look at 43 other bank partners, apart from ICICI Bank and Standard 
Chartered, there has been relatively moderate growth on unit-linked business in these 
partners. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Thank you very much. Those were my questions. All the best.  
Dhiren Salian: 

 
31 
 
Thanks, Nischint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghvesh from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghvesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to ask the margins on the protection business are 
actually not risen in terms of how much the fall has been there in group term. So what 
explains that? Have the margins on the individual protection and the credit life contracted 
in this year over the previous year because last year we were at 72% for the full year, 
this year we are at 75%? 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, it's a little difficult to break down some of these new businesses because they're 
coming from multiple sources. And by and large, you can look at one average rate for 
that particular type of business, but it's actually an agglomeration of multiple partners 
that we tied up with, especially when you look at the credit life side. 
So all-in-all, put together, difficult to put your finger on what has been the big change, 
but it's been broadly stable across the period. So, what we lost in terms of APE, in terms 
of group term, we've been able to make up on retail to that extent, along with credit life. 
So, it's a mix of all. It's hard to put a single answer to it. 
Raghvesh: 
And also, the ticket sizes on the protection business have increased. So is it, ROP is 
coming in at maybe lower margin from the individual protection. Is that a good 
understanding? 
Dhiren Salian: 
No, that's not the right way to look at. ROP is still roughly about 15% to 20%, has been 
through the year and since the time that we started. But again, the way that we're 
looking at ticket sizes, this could be a function of the underlying policy term that we are 
selling towards, could be a function of the customer segment that we're going after. So, 
it's a mix of multiple things that come over there. Beyond that, it's just there's really 
nothing that has changed across in any large degree. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay. Thanks. A final question on the ULIP margin themselves. So last year, we saw the 
margin degrow by around 290 bps because the product itself had degrown. This year, 
again, we are above the FY2022 levels, but still the margins have not increased 
meaningfully. So, is the term of the products lower now, what explains this flat margins? 
Dhiren Salian: 

 
32 
 
To some extent, whatever elongation that we have made in the term would have been 
offset by unit cost changes on the linked side as well. 
Raghvesh: 
Okay. Thanks a lot for the answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Yes, thank you for taking my questions. I have a couple of very quick questions. So, the 
first one is, can you please share the business mix across Tier 1 versus Tier 2, Tier 3 series, 
and growth rate differential between these? And the second one is if you are able to 
share the growth number in the number of lives insured or the number of customers for 
the full year 2024, that could be helpful? 
And lastly, on the Slide 21, when you look at the sensitivity analysis, the sensitivity to, 
let's say, changes in 100 basis points in the reference rate has moved up a lot between 
FY2023, FY2024, so can you please explain why is this so? Yes, this is all. Thank you. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, we haven't made public split between Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3. I think for us, given that 
we run a very, very diversified distribution, we are dependent upon our partners to be 
able to expand into their territories, be they be corporate partners or agency and direct. 
So, we're not looking at expansion on its own. Essentially, we're looking at expansion 
through our partners. What's within our control, of course, is more around direct where 
we've got our own offices, and we're expanding within those segments. Agency is 
another area that we could expand, but then that would be slightly slower to that extent. 
I don't think looking at Tier 2, Tier 3 at this point is pertinent.  
Let me pick up your third question, which is around sensitivities. Yes, sensitivities have 
gone up to some extent when you look at VNB. But if you look at the book, i.e. on EV, it 
has not really changed too much. Some of the sensitivities on VNB, which are interest 
rate driven are essentially things that can be reversed by just changing rates to non-par 
products and annuity products. The one that has, let me say hurt, has been on the 
expense side, which has impacted the sensitivity from the previous year to this year. But 
as unit rates become stable into the coming year, I think we'll have less of that impact 
coming through. 
Aditi Joshi: 
And just following up on the second question, it was on the growth in the number of 
customers for the full year 2024, if you are able to share that number? 
Dhiren Salian: 

 
33 
 
Total number of policies this year has been flattish with about 3% growth when you look 
at it for the full year. We've got about 587,000 policies that we wrote in the last year 
versus 571,000 in the previous year. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay. But that is a number of policies, right? So, I guess or the reason I'm asking is just 
wanted to understand that the growth is coming from acquiring new customers or you 
selling more policies, let's say, more than two or three policies per customer. That's what 
I wanted to ask. 
Dhiren Salian: 
Like the previous year, part of this comes in from upsell business, which we are quite 
strong at. And there's also a large portion of it comes in from new customers to this. We 
haven't split out this metric. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Good evening. Thank you for taking this follow up. One thing, if I look at your channel 
mix, the annuity contribution in the agency channel has done quite well. So, we see a 
very good pickup over there. So, I wanted to get a sense, is this because of the new trail 
linked product? Or is there something that is happening there? 
And second, just coming back on the higher provisioning, higher IBNR provisioning. I 
didn't understand what really necessitated this higher provision in credit life. Are we 
seeing less reported claims, abnormally less reported claims or what is happening there? 
Why do we suddenly require this higher provisioning? 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, to take your first question, Madhukar, yes, you would have seen the annuity grew 
across agency as well as direct. That's very clearly the new product that we have 
launched, but again, given that this is built on a trail model, especially when you're 
looking at intermediaries, this will be picked up only by a very few given that it is a trail-
based model and there is limited upfront. So those smaller distributors who may require 
a higher commission rate just to fund legacy of working capital issue will not pick this up. 
Coming to your second question in terms of IBNR, we've seen some delay in claims that 
are coming in from the group credit side, which is where we have kept our provision at 
this point. Like I said, this is temporary. This is just a delay that we're seeing at this point, 
we evaluate this as it goes by. 

 
34 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
But if there is a delay in claims that you're seeing, then that should be part of your normal 
provisioning itself, right? That should then get covered in your normal provisioning. You 
should not require an additional provisioning, right? I'm sorry, I'm probably dwelling a 
little bit more into this. 
Dhiren Salian: 
You normally would keep an IBNR on this just to cover claims that could have occurred 
but not intimated yet. And we are seeing this in a part of the portfolio, and we kept it 
towards that largely. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC Securities 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Hello sir, Thank you for this opportunity. In this quarter, we have seen the annuity 
segment ramping up very rapidly, primarily by agency channel. So, what kind of 
persistency are we building in since this is 100% return of premium product. What kind 
of persistency are we building in while calculating the margin? That's my first question. 
Amit Palta: 
If you ask me as a customer, if you were to look at this product, the proposition is not 
about taking the money back. The proposition was about taking back fear of crisis away. 
In case customers was not capable for any crisis, not being able to make subsequent 
premiums, the fear of losing the principal may have presented certain set of customers 
from investing in life insurance kind of product. So, it was this insight that we were 
working on. 
Otherwise, if the customer was to take his money away after 2 years or after 1 year, he 
tends to lose GST and the opportunity loss that he may have if he were to invest it into a 
fixed deposit also. So, I think from a customer perspective, we believe that persistency 
will have no impact of what we have in a regular annuity range of products. So, we have 
not factored anything adverse in the portfolio at this point in time. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Just a quick follow-up on this thing. We have sold this via agent. We have seen that in 
the ULIP after 5 years, we have seen surrenders going ramping up rapidly after end of 5 
years. So how are we preventing. So, we have built in the trail-based payouts, but how 
are we going to restrict that surrenders going forward after 1 year or 2 years down the 
line. 

 
35 
 
Amit Palta: 
First of all, surrender as a concept in ULIP is available after 5 years. On annuity surrender 
as a feature, it doesn't exist. And annuity the core reason for you to buy annuity is to get 
income for life long. So, to take money away after 5 years, it doesn't help the customer 
because the gains will be very minimal. And we don't believe customers will get anything 
by taking the premiums away after 5 years. So, what you see as the behaviour on unit-
linked business will be very different in comparison to what we envisage in this category 
of product because the money would not have grown because it's not a market linked 
product. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
The second question since we have revised our unit cost assumptions. So, we have seen 
investments impacted by our VNB margins. Does this not have an impact on our 
embedded value? Does it not impact a value of existing business? 
Dhiren Salian: 
No. So this has come through on the new business that we have written and that is where 
the VNB is lower. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. So that means there is no impact on the value of inforce policy? 
Dhiren Salian: 
On renewal resumption, there has been a small change, but it is not material. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay sir, thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual 
Fund. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. I just have 2 questions. One is in terms 
of capacity expansion on the proprietary channel, is it fair to assume that we are broadly 
done there? And if yes, then from here, if the growth is ahead of industry, should we not 
expect some operating leverage to kick in, which is a follow-up from the previous 
question also. And should we not expect the operating leverage to kick in and help us 
improve the VNB margin closer to the other listed peers. That is first. 
Second, how are you looking at the regulatory landscape for the industry and this is on 
the backdrop of a recent media clip, which was raising questions on mis-selling, etc. for 
the industry? 

 
36 
 
Amit Palta: 
On your question on agency scale up, I think on proprietary channels, both agency as 
well as proprietary sales force, we intend to continue investing and whatever upside that 
we have seen by virtue of having invested in building capabilities, shortening the learning 
curve, I would like to reinvest the gains from it back into expanding business. 
And we would like to step up on this course for a longer period to build our franchise for 
a longer 4 to 5 year period and build sustainability and growth. As I mentioned, Gaurav, 
building sustainability and creating an alpha by virtue of investing in proprietary is a 
stated objective, and that is something that we want to stay on course. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Second was on the regulatory landscape, sir? 
Dhiren Salian: 
If your question is around some of the mis-selling complaints, I think we're fairly clear 
that wherever we find some of these complaints, we would take strict action against 
those because clearly, that's not in the customer interest. All our distributors, I believe, 
are on the same page in terms of delivering value to customers and the idea is to be able 
to improve persistency year-upon-year as you have seen us deliver on. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hello, thanks for taking my question again. What would be your dividend payout policy 
from here on? Is it going to be similar to the current levels? How should we think about 
it? 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, our dividend policy is disclosed on the website, it's at 30%. But the Board assesses 
dividend ratio for the year based on the market conditions based on what has been the 
delivery of PAT as well as the solvency expectation into the coming years. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So otherwise, it should be closer to 30% is what you are saying? 
Dhiren Salian: 

 
37 
 
The policy is set at 30%, but of course, that gets assessed year-on-year by the Board. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Perfect. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Avinash Singh: 
Hello, thanks for the follow up. Can you just explain a bit understanding on the GAAP 
profit, not for the quarter, for the full year, how the back book surplus development has 
been and how the new business strain has moved because, profits are low level and flat 
year-on-year. Just if you could help us how back book surplus emerge and the new 
business strain? 
Dhiren Salian: 
Yes. So, the back book is definitely throwing up surplus, but at the same time we have 
the new business strain. I think the challenge we're looking at Indian GAAP is 
amortisation of expenses. It doesn't really give a true picture of how the profit should 
emerge. I think let's just move to IFRS. Hopefully, that comes out soon. We know we're 
part of Phase 1. We are just awaiting the regulations to be notified. That would give you 
a better sense of how profit would emerge. 
Avinash Singh: 
Yes. But I mean if you can just help like what if at all, what is the year-on-year full year 
number basis growth in terms of back book surplus, even if you don't want to quantify 
the new business strain part, at least how the back book surplus, I think if you can just 
see the absolute quantum for two years of growth. 
Dhiren Salian: 
So, it's not out yet, we look at discussing at a separate time then, Avinash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit from BOB Capital. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Hello, thanks for the opportunity. Just one question is in terms of the sensitivity. So, I 
wanted to understand, I mean, a 10% increase in acquisition expenses results in around 
18% decrease in VNB. That number was 12% in FY2023. Similarly, the mortality rates as 
well, I think there is a substantial percentage in VNB in FY2024 as compared to FY2023. 
If you can just explain why this has increased, it would be helpful. 
Dhiren Salian: 

 
38 
 
So, Mohit, the first thing is that the way we express our sensitivities in percentage change 
in VNB. That may not be the same kind of metric used across some other players. So, do 
look at those numbers with that lens on. When you look at FY2023 to FY2024, yes, when 
you look at the acquisition expenses, it has gone up, that primarily is because of the 
higher unit cost that we have in this current year. And therefore, that has had an impact 
on sensitivity. 
When you look at mortality, morbidity, it has gone up because of the higher share of 
protection in the new business. Again, I'm referring to VNB margin, VNB changes not the 
EV changes, EV changes are broadly steady across the year. But in the VNB, the mix of 
retail protection is much higher, and that has led to the higher sensitivity. 
Mohit Mangal: 
All right, thanks and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Anup Bagchi for closing comments. 
Anup Bagchi: 
Thank you for joining everyone. We will just continue on building the foundations for 
creating a sustainable business. I think a lot of heavy lifting we have taken this year. And 
next year, we'll continue on the path of just building the current momentum up and 
creating a sustainable situation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical 
information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the impact 
of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of regulatory 
authorities; impact of competition; experience with regard to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy 
renewal rates; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance undertakes no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof.  
