 
 
                 
 
 
Corporate office 
: 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400 063. Maharashtra, India. 
  Tel: +91 22  40332727 / 66942507  
Fax : +91 22 26860011            GSTIN: 27AALCS8686A1ZX 
 CIN: L51900MH2008PLC180452  E-mail: supriya@supriyalifescience .com   Website: www.supriyalifescience.com 
 
Factory                 : A-5/2, Lote Parshuram Industrial Area, M.I.D.C.  Tal.– Khed, Dist. – Ratnagiri, Pin :415 722, Maharashtra, India. 
                                          Tel: +91 2356 272299          Fax: +91 2356 272178           E-mail: factory@supriyalifescience.com  
 
GOVT. RECOGNISED EXPORT HOUSE 
 
 
Date: June 5, 2024 
 
To,                                                                          To,                                
BSE Limited                                                         National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, 
                                                     Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 001                                                 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543434                                              Scrip Symbol: SUPRIYA                                      
 
Dear Sir (s), 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings call held on Wednesday, May 29, 2024 at                    
11.00 A.M. IST to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supriya Lifescience Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A44973 
 
 
SHWETA 
SHIVDHARI 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA SHIVDHARI 
SINGH 
Date: 2024.06.05 
13:02:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Supriya Lifescience Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SATISH WAGH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
DR. SALONI WAGH – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA RAGHUNATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
of Supriya Lifescience Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
And I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital. Thank you. And over 
to you, sir. 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you, Neha. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited, I extend 
a very warm welcome to all participants. Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short 
disclaimer. This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely 
based upon our belief, expectation. As of today, these statements are not a guarantee of our 
future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Satish, sir, for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. Thank You 
Satish Wagh: 
Good morning and a warm welcome to all the participants. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the Q4 Financial Year 24 results of Supriya Lifescience Limited. To take us through the 
results and answers to your questions, along me are Dr. Saloni Wagh, Whole-Time Director, Mr. 
Krishna Raghunathan, Chief Financial Officer, and our Investor Relations Department, Orient  
Capital. I hope everyone got the opportunity to go through the financial results and investor 
presentation, which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as the company website. 
It gives me immense pleasure to announce that the company has achieved a revenue of INR570 
crores, which is a 24% growth as compared to the previous year, while maintaining a healthy 
EBITDA margin of 30%. This achievement is a testament to the successful execution of our 
long-term and sustainable strategy, which includes: 
a) Penetration and focus of the company on more regulated markets  
b) Widening our product basket in regulated markets  
c) Widening our portfolio by introducing new molecules and therapies.d)Integrating production, 
manpower, and the latest technology.  
e) Enhancing operational efficiency and superior cost management.  
ef)Implementing backward integration to extend our value chain and secure more regulatory 
registrations  
g) Focusing on R&D investments and ensuring supply chain stability. 
The company continues to deepen investments in systems, risk understanding, alternative 
markets, and responsiveness. During the year, the company enhanced its presence in regulated 
markets, resulting in a large share of revenue contribution from the European region, increasing 
from 31% in financial year '23 to 41% in financial year '24. This shift is significant as margins 
in the regulated markets are higher as compared to semi-regulated markets. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The company has created a pipeline of a new products extending beyond its long-standing 
competence in anti-stimulants to include anti-diabetics, anesthetics, etcetera and other 
therapeutic areas. These products will be launched by Q3 FY '25. We intend to build our contract 
development and manufacturing organization, CDMO, business portfolio. 
Our site in Ambernath will be ready by Q2 FY '25, where we will be further expanding our CMO 
and CDMO activities. This year, we are very pleased to announce that we have proposed 40% 
dividend as against of 30% last year for all our esteemed shareholders. With this, I hand over 
the call to our CFO, Mr. Krishna Raghunathan, to share Q4 final year '24 financial highlights 
with you all. Over to you, Mr. Krishna. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Thank you, sir. Hello, everyone, and good morning. I will now share the operational performance 
of the quarter, and following which, we will open the floor for questions and answers. 
The company reported revenue from operations of INR158 crores in Q4 FY '24 as against 
INR140 crores in Q3 FY '24, plus registering a growth of 13% quarter-on-quarter.  
EBITDA in Q4 FY '24 stood at INR56 crores as against INR41 crores in Q3 FY '24, and 
EBITDA margin stood at 35% for Q4 FY '24 as against 29.%  in Q3 FY '24.  
Profit before tax was INR53 crores for Q4 FY '24 as against INR40 crores in Q3 FY '24 and 
the growth is around 33%. 
PAT stood at INR36 crores in Q4 FY '24 as against INR30 crores in Q3 FY '24. PAT margins 
stood at 23% compared with 21% in Q3 FY '24.  
Moving to full-year performance  
Revenue from operations of INR570 crores in FY '24 as against INR461 crores in FY '23, we 
reported a growth of around 24% compared with FY '23. 
EBITDA in FY '24 stood at INR173 crores as against INR129 crores in FY '23, and EBITDA 
margin stood at 30% for FY '24 as against 28%   in FY '23.  
Profit before tax was INR166 crores for  FY '24 as against INR123 crores in  FY '23, and the 
growth is around 34%.  
PAT stood at INR119 crores in FY '24 as against INR90 crores in FY '23.PATs margins stood 
at 21%.  
We have improved our working capital days from 235 days to 124 days. This is mainly due to 
reduction in overall inventory days from 233 to 165. There has been a slight increase in get-out 
days due to higher sales during this quarter end, which would even out. On borrowings, we 
would like to report that for the last six months, we have not  utilised any working capital limits 
except for letter of credits and bank guarantees. 
Now, we can open the floor for questions and answers. Thanks to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone wishes to 
ask a question may press star and one on their touch tone telephone.  If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue you may press star and two. Participants are request to use 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
handsets while asking a questions. Ladies and gentleman we will wait for a movement while the 
question  (sound not clear 7.45) The first question is from the line of Raghav Agarwal from 
Vriddhi capital. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Agarwal: 
Hello. Am I audible sir? (8.01) 
Moderator:                              Yes, you are audible.  
Raghav Agarwal:                     Good morning, everybody. Congratulations, sir, for the great set of numbers. I just had a question 
regarding the Brazil orders and the Brazil approvals that you were talking about last time. You 
had mentioned that you had got some approvals from there. Can you throw some light on that? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, we have. So, we had our ANVISA audit from the Brazilian authority in the month of 
January, and we have cleared that audit with zero observations. So, it is a big step for us because 
recently the authority had opened up the portal because most of their current sources are from 
China. So, they are looking at replacement sources, and they had opened up this portal wherein 
if you can get the products registered and you can get the site audited and approved, then you 
will become the first source for those products, and all the local companies would have to buy 
those products from you. So, we have actually taken great advantage of this situation. We got 
the audit done. 
Like I said, we cleared the audit with zero observations, and as of now, we have already 
registered about 10 products with CADIFA. Around eight additional products are currently 
under registration. So, by end of this year, we will have about 17 to 18 products registered with 
the authority. 
 
This actually opens up a very big market for us because for our existing products also, the market 
in Brazil is growing, plus the new products what we are introducing in the basket, for those also 
the Brazilian market is quite large. Our anticipation is that in the next three years, because of 
this registration in Brazil, at least INR200-odd crores we will be able to add to our top line. So, 
this is just some light on the registrations and why we have aggressively pursued this. 
Raghav Agarwal: 
Thank you so much, ma'am, for that answer. I also wanted to understand the DMS project. How 
is that going on? And you had also mentioned that there is a possibility of getting similar orders 
like the European DMS order that we received. Can you also talk about that? 
Management: 
If I am not wrong, you are asking about DSM, right? 
Raghav Agarwal: 
Yeah, Yes, exactly..  
Saloni Wagh: 
Okay. So, yes, it is one of our, as you are aware, that in the last couple of quarters, we have 
really focused on expanding our CMO, CDMO kind of opportunities, and DSM is one such long 
contract that we have got. We are the exclusive suppliers for vitamin B2 for them. Initially, they 
were manufacturing this product, but in the last few quarters, they have completely suspended 
their production, and now we will be their sole supplier going forward globally for this product. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
The project is moving really well. We have already started commercial supply for food grade 
material, and the CEP, USDMF, and the Japan DMF are currently under filing. So, once that is 
done, even the pharma you know  business, we will start getting. For FY’25, we are anticipating 
at least 25 to 30 tons of you know  material from the DSM contract, and we definitely have a lot 
of other similar contracts in the pipeline where we have some  assured business of advanced 
intermediates as well as APIs, which will -- you will see that some of them will start 
commercializing in FY’25, maybe the second half of FY’25, but there are a lot of other 
opportunities on the same line. 
Raghav Agarwal: 
That's it from my side. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya from MSA Capital Partners. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, just wanted to quickly understand a few things. So, 
what would be the overall thought process of the management when we are coming out with 
new molecules? What is the size of molecules that we look at? What are the margins that we 
look at when doing R&D? If you can just give me a quick colour on this. 
Satish  Wagh: 
See, we focus on the molecules. Normally, if you see, you know, many products are – we’re 
depending upon China. So, our intention is that the therapeutic products which we select, we 
have our in-house complete backward integration, and then we launch. And we normally see a 
sizable amount of tonnage and business. We, therefore, have already increased our capacity of 
one of the plant which is going into operation. Validation is going on now. 
 
That is 370 KLD. So, you can understand, we already have next three years future considering 
the capacity is 1,020 KLD. And many countries today I have seen are very keen to buy from 
India than China. So, we mostly focus on that because we are in exports for almost more than 
38 years. And you have seen our ratio is 80% and above. 
So, our meetings which we meet to the customer, customer has intention to expand the business 
with Supriya Life Science because of the regulatory support and many other options which we 
give to our customers. 
Aditya: 
Understood, understood. Thank you so much for the answer, sir. Also, from introduction, that is 
when we developed the product and we launched it in the market, how fast, in your experience, 
how fast does a molecule scale up? And for example, what would be the revenue percentage of 
the molecule that you had introduced two years back as part of our revenues today? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, usually it takes around two to three years for any molecule to scale up significantly because 
it takes anywhere between 12 to 18 months for getting different kind of regulatory approval. 
About six to nine months for us to actually launch the product and get the validation completed 
and start the commercial production. But in regulated market, 12 to 18 months to register the 
product. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
So, for you to see a sizable contribution from a particular new product to our top line, minimum 
two years are required. In semi-regulated market, this time is slightly shorter. You can see that 
in semi-regulated market, between 12 to 18 months, as soon as the commercial launch of the 
product happens, we can start applying some quantity. But the better margins and the higher 
revenues come when the product goes into the more regulated market. 
Aditya: 
And if you were just to quantify the product that we had launched two years back or three years 
back, if you have the number ready with you, what would be the contribution from those 
products today? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, not exactly. We are not able to quantify that exact number. But what has also happened is in 
the last couple of years, we have actually worked on our existing products because if you look 
at our revenues in the last two-three years also, we were not present for a lot of our existing 
products in the regulated market space. 
 
So, last two-three years, our main focus was capacity enhancement and then catering for existing 
products in the regulated market which we were entering. And that is also reflected in the 
number. Most of the major new product launches will start happening from this financial year 
because this year we are planning to launch almost four-five new products. So, now you will see 
more and significant contribution from the new product launches. 
Aditya: 
Understood. 
Satish Wagh:                          Also the strategy of the company, as you were asking normally any development API takes two 
to two and half years. But we have decided, Yes, but we have decided after meeting the 
customers because our customer base is 1,700 customers currently present in 128 countries. You 
can see and analyze that. This is the big basket. We have decided to catch hold of big companies 
where we will not be selling the API but validated drugmaster files for the N-1 intermediate we 
will give them. And today the demand is from them that they don't want to go to China but they 
need N-1 intermediate where volumes are there. 
So, such type of products we are already talking with three-four customers who are using in a 
very big way. There, if you get your interest, you get your margins, we are very happy. So, we 
will not be fighting for API but we will see that we consume our entire capacity for N-1 
intermediates and move ahead. First and the second, you must under last that we are a debt-free 
company that is our strong presence. We have cash in our hand. We don't borrow anything. 
 
As of today, you see the balance sheet. We don't have any limits utilized by us. That's the 
stronghold of the company, principles and integrity. 
Aditya: 
So, there's no doubt that you've played a phenomenal business just trying to get a better sense 
for myself and handle on the company. So, that's why these qualitative questions that I'm trying 
to get a sense of. Sir and Mam  So, when we look at our sales cycle and if you can -- how long 
would it be, what would be the process and in terms of wallet share, do we monitor our wallet 
share in terms of our clients' API spends and what would be the quantum of competition within 
that wallet share? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, as far as competition is concerned in most of the products that we manufacture, I wouldn't 
say that we have a comparable competitor only because we are present mainly in the very 
regulated markets where we are supporting our customers not only with the complete regulatory 
compliance, but for most of these products, we have a completely backward integrated product.  
So, in terms of supply, in terms of the best cost, in terms of even the quality of the product itself, 
I feel in most of our products because you know that for a majority of the products which almost 
contribute to about 75% of our revenue, we are fully backward integrated. So, for those products, 
at least we don't see that there is a comparable competitor and with the customer also, we are 
their first approved source. 
 
So, more than 80%-90% of their demand, we are catering currently. 
Satish Wagh: 
And sir, one thing I would like to highlight. This is a regulated pharmaceutical industry. It's not 
a grocery market of competitions. Let's understand that. Competition, you can create and you 
can lose. You can become NPA and get out of the business. That's the story in India. You must 
understand that this is not possible. In a regulated industry, regulated things are discussed. The 
buyer should be confident to work with you. That confidence has to be created because today 
somebody comes, gives X price, Y price and just takes the business. 
 
We have seen what is the fate of the business today. So business is always there on your integrity, 
quality and your sustainability. You go anywhere and say INR10 down, INR20 down nobody 
can buy from you because in the world today people talk about quality. 
The manager who sits he wants to buy at least 4 products, 5 products and reduce the number of 
vendors that is the attitude of the multinationals and big companies today. People are fed up on 
China and people always want to know who is ready to give a good product. So yes the the 
pharmaceutical industry is [inaudible 20:48]. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you sir. I request you to come back for a follow up question. 
Aditya: 
All right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Afzal Shaikh from M3 Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Afzal Shaikh: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes you are audible.  
Afzal Shaikh: 
Good morning, ma'am and congratulations for the good setup number. So, I have three questions. 
First one is how much revenue we have generated from regulated markets from this financial 
year and second one is about like how much revenue we have generated from top 3 APIs, top 5 
APIs and top 10 APIs that's all? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So thank you for the question. In terms of the revenue share just to give you a little background 
80% of our revenue is generated through exports and only 20% is from domestic markets and in 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
this 80% also about 50% is coming in from regulated markets. If you see for regulated markets 
our share has gone up in Europe also from 33% to almost 41%.  
The other markets like North America, Latin America they are stable. And in fact in the next 
couple of quarters you will see that the share of these markets will also go up. So that's as far as 
the revenue contribution from the regulated markets. Then for the top products it will not be 
possible for us to say what would be the revenue of the top three or top five, but we are 
consistently working on adding new products into the basket so that the revenue is more 
diversified. 
Of course, we will continue to have leadership position for some molecules, but overall we are 
working on derisking the portfolio so that the revenue generation is more diversified. 
Afzal Shaikh: 
ok But as you mentioned in previous years and previous quarters you said your top three product 
contribution is around 44% to 45%. So is it the same thing or what? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yeah, So currently it is almost similar, but going forward you will definitely see as the new 
products and new opportunities grow. I mean of course the top three products are also growing 
they are not degrowing products, but the revenue generation and their contribution to the total 
revenue will go on decreasing as the new products and the new opportunities kick in. 
Afzal Shaikh: 
Yeah ok, and how much is revenue generated from top three customers you have numbers can 
you please share us? 
Krishna Raghunathan:: 
We don't discuss anything on what you call customer specific or product specific in an open 
forum. I hope you understand. 
Afzal Shaikh: 
Okay, got it. And I want to know about there is only 11% growth in your quarter-on-quarter 
basis. So, could you please give me like why this growth is like only 11%? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
I think it has already been discussed. We have told very clearly that our guidance I hope you are 
looking at our guidance also. We said that the overall revenue growth would be around 20%. I 
think we had grown at 23%. And we said that EBITDA we will grow by around 30%. I think 
the overall year's EBITDA is at around 30-plus percentages. I don't understand did we say 
anything wrong [inaudible 24:52]. No, I don't think we have done anything like that. Is there 
anything else you would like to understand sir? 
Afzal Shaikh: 
No. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in the previous call also you shared the guidance of 20% 
revenue growth for the following year, FY’25. So, will this be from the existing products and 
like from the existing business only including the new products? Or this includes the revenue 
from the Ambernath capacity which will get commissioned in Q2? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, no, this basically guidance is on the overall blended portfolio. Of course, this can be higher 
once Amarnath goes into complete production. But for Amarnath to generate peak revenues, it 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
will not be possible in this financial year because only in quarter 2 of this financial year the 
production will start. 
 
So, the validation and then for the commercial production to start and for it to reach peak 
capacity, we are looking at least 2 years, 3 years. So, this 20% plus guidance on the revenue 
growth is on the blended portfolio. This includes our current basket of APIs, some of the new 
products that we are launching, the CMO activities that we are doing and of course Amarnath. 
 
So, as and when some of these projects kick in, they definitely have a higher potential in terms 
of growth as well as margin also. But whenever we are giving a guidance, it's more on the 
conservative side on the entire blended portfolio. So, that is why we are maintaining that 20% 
plus revenue growth. 
Aditya Sen: 
Alright, and how much is this Amarnath supposed to contribute at peak potential in the coming 
2 years, 3 years? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, that would be very early to say that how much Amarnath would contribute. But overall, the 
CMO, CDMO portfolio that we have in the next 3 years, we anticipate that it should contribute 
at least 20%, 25% of our total revenue. Because Amarnath facility is also meant for CMO, 
CDMO activities. So, that is just an extension and expansion of our CMO capabilities. So, that's 
why I am saying that the overall CMO will give us about 20%, 25% of total revenue. 
Aditya Sen: 
Alright, and this module E  got commissioned last quarter? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, module E will get commissioned probably end of this month. There was a slight one month 
delay due to some of the other factors like the construction work getting delayed slightly because 
of the climatic conditions there. But it will get commissioned end of this month. So, we are 
anticipating that by quarter 2 of FY’25, we should start commercial production. 
Aditya Sen: 
same as Amarnath right? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Same as Amarnath. 
Aditya Sen: 
This will also take 2 years, 3 years to reach peak potential? 
Saloni Wagh t: 
Yes. 
Aditya Sen: 
Okay, alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Stock Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
Yes, hi. I have a quick question regarding our current strategy. We have been focusing on 
expanding our portfolio for flu range. Could you provide an update on our progress in this area? 
Specifically, I would like to understand the key milestones we have achieved so far. Any 
challenges that we are facing and the next steps in our expansion plan? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, like we said expansion for new products, we are now evaluating newer therapies like anti-
diabetic, anti-anxiety. We already have a very strong presence in an aesthetic portfolio. So, that 
is another basket of products that we would like to expand on. There is a lot of potential in an 
aesthetic basket like our chairman said that there are a lot of products in this basket, which are 
purely being imported currently from China, and there is a lot of dependence globally there. 
 
So, we would be one of the first manufacturers globally to develop an indigenous product in 
India from the basic chemical. So, we are currently focusing on the backward integration for the 
new products what we are launching. We expect most of these new products to be launched 
somewhere around quarter 3 of FY’25. 
 
That is when at least we will be able to start supplying commercially to some of the non-reg 
markets. And of course, the regulatory approvals will take about 12 months to 18 months. So, 
this is where we are in terms of the new product launches and the thought process behind the 
new basket. 
Nirali Shah: 
Okay, got it. That's it. Thank you. 
 Moderator:: 
So our next question is from the line of Monica Joshi from Hornbill Capital. Please go ahead. 
Monica Joshi: 
Hi guys. Thank you for this opportunity. I just wanted to understand earlier we had this thing of 
volatility or let us say seasonality in the revenues and there was this September and March which 
used to be kind of a little lumpy in terms of revenues, but that does not seem to be the case 
anymore. So, is that now completely ironed out? So if we see the March quarter now versus the 
December quarter 23 it's kind of flattening out. So do you think this is now a new normal you 
have achieved that kind of stability in your revenue? 
Saloni Wagh; 
So Monica to answer to your question, yes, previously there was a lot of seasonality aspect to 
some of the major products that we were where we had the leadership was the anti-histamine 
anti-allergic where there is a definite seasonal impact, but if you have tracked the company in 
the last couple of quarters we have consciously put a lot of effort of growing our other basket of 
products in some of the regulated geographies.  
So that is why you will definitely see that moving forward there would be much more stable 
quarters. It is not completely gone. There will still be a seasonal impact because anti-histamine 
still is a key product in our portfolio, but with some of the other products growing or you will 
definitely see that the quarters are more stable. 
Monica Joshi: 
Got it because though it is kind of reflecting in the revenues it is not as much reflecting in your 
gross margins. So your margins tend to still show that variance. So you had this bump up in 
gross margins in March and that volatility continues. So how does one read into understanding 
when we are projecting your numbers? How does one read into understanding where this really 
goes because is that volatility likely to stay if not in revenues then in margins? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So the volatility in the margins also you will see will be quite stable moving forward. The 
volatility is mainly happening because of certain products having a bigger reach in the regulated 
markets and we have said this in the past also that regulated markets are giving better selling 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
prices as compared to the semi-regulated markets. So wherever the sales in those markets is 
higher for that particular quarter you will see that the margins are also slightly higher.  
But moving forward, even that I would say would be more stable and we have always maintained 
this and we continue to maintain this moving forward also that we would like our investors to 
have a more long term approach and look at the margins on an annualized basis rather than 
quarterly basis and on an annualized basis 28% to 30% margin is something that we are very 
confident of maintaining.  
And that is also getting reflected in the last couple of quarters' numbers. So moving forward 
also, the same guidance that please look at the margins on an annualized basis where we are very 
confident that 28% to 30% we will be able to maintain. The company definitely has potential to 
achieve higher than 30% because a lot of the new projects the same opportunities come at a more 
premium margin that is what we benchmark ourselves against.  
But 28% to 30% is a confident number that we are very assured that we will be able to maintain 
along with the 20%-plus revenue growth year-on-year. 
Monica Joshi: 
Correct, So you're maintaining the 20% guidance so that's about a INR1000 crores of revenue 
by FY27 and the 28% to 30% margin guidance. So we are clear about that still stays? 
Saloni Wagh: 
yes, Absolutely.  
Monica Joshi: 
And when you just missed that one small part when you said the 25% contribution from CMO, 
CDMO you were referring to the INR1000 crores in that you expect about 25% to come from 
CMO, CDMO. Is that correct? 
Saloni Wagh: 
In the INR1,000 crores we anticipate about 18% to 20% coming in from CMO, CDMO. 
Monica Joshi: 
And in your estimate that is definitely not margin dilutive. It is in fact a better margin proposition 
than what you are guiding at 28% to 30%. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes.  
Monica Joshi: 
Got it. Thanks a lot so much.  
Saloni Wagh:                         Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes thanks for the opportunity. Some of the questions are answered just a couple of questions 
you mentioned one is our Ambernath capex and one more capex is going on if you can elaborate 
on that and how much would be capex amount for both the capex? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So we are anticipating about INR100 crores of capex in FY25. This will be mainly for 
Ambernath as well as some part of the new module E which is coming up. We are also doing 
some debottlenecking activities for enhancing our current product basket capacity. So like some 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
of the older blocks in the manufacturing facility like the B block and all we are just refurbishing 
to increase the capacity.  
So all this will be mainly for these reasons the INR100 crores and at the end of this our capacity 
would be somewhere around 1020 KL for the Lote side and for Ambernath it will be about 200 
odd KL. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And for Ambernath how much would be the total capex including whatever we have 
already spent? 
Saloni Wagh: 
It would be about INR75 crores. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And currently what would be our broad capacity utilization? 
Krishna Raghunathan: : 
See for the current year we were at around 86%. With the E block coming up we believe that 
since like what Dr. Saloni has already told that we will be able to meet our revenue guidance for 
next 2 years to 3 years from the existing Lote facility. So I think that should be the answer of the 
capacity utilization. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And also when we say 86% capacity utilization we manufacture lot of different products. So at 
peak what kind of utilization we can do, can we go to 100 or 90, 95 would be? 
 Krishna Raghunathan:: 
100 is not at all possible. See we have a regular maintenance schedules which needs to be taken 
compulsorily. See I don't think -- see this itself is the highest optimal limit what we have touched. 
In fact, our manufacturing teams along with our CEO they had a lot of sessions around this and 
that is why in fact we had the bottleneck most of the areas. Otherwise in a multiproduct facility 
anything around 75% to 80% itself is what you call a nice percentage to maintain. 
Dixit Doshi: 
And one last question in the current year how much would be contribution from CMO and 
CDMO? 
Saloni Wagh: 
We don't discuss what do you call business wise or anything in any of our what do you call calls. 
So I think this is something which we generally don't give it out.  
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay fine. That’s it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shubham from Purnartha Investment Advisers 
Pvt. Ltd.. Please go ahead. 
Shubham: 
As on FY25 growth drivers? 
Moderator: 
Can you repeat the question? 
Shubham: 
Can you discuss in detail on FY25 growth drivers? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So for FY25 we categorize the growth drivers into three major baskets. One is the existing 
product portfolio what we have, other than the top three products. We have a good basket of 
about 10 products 11 products where we are currently present only in the semi-regulated market 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
and we have already registered these products in the regulated market. We are just waiting for 
the approvals to come through.  
So the first would be the scale-up of these products into the more regulated market space that 
will not only add to the revenue, but it will also help to further improvise the margins. The 
second one is the CMO, CDMO opportunities that we have. Similar to DSM there are at least 
two to three other opportunities where we are at a very advanced discussion where there is a 
fixed volume of advanced intermediates. In certain cases APIs also which we have to 
manufacture for certain multinationals.  
So, those contracts will also start coming in, I mean, the commercial volumes will also start 
kicking in. So that I would say is the second area for growth and the third definitely would be 
the new product launches. So as we have mentioned before we are trying to expand our existing 
product basket. So we are adding new products in the anaesthetic category, in fact, four new 
products we are adding there. We are also adding newer therapies like anti-diabetic, anti-anxiety. 
so these new product launches also will start adding to the revenue. 
So, these I think would be the three major growth drivers. On the CMO, CDMO front to talk a 
little bit more in detail with the Ambernath site coming up, there is a possibility of us moving 
into forward integration also for CMO kind of contract. So, that would be another new area for 
us, where we can get more traction and that can also really add to the revenue in the coming few 
years. 
Shubham: 
But like you are saying, existing product and new regulated market but did we get registrations 
and all that has been completed or still we are waiting for that? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, it is an ongoing process because we are talking about 10-11 products there are some products 
where we have already received the registration, some are currently under registration. So, 
different products are at a different stage, I would say. 
Shubham: 
And in CMO opportunities, which two, three opportunities you are talking about that are in 
advanced stage, so that might get be benefited from, I think the second half of the year? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. So, that some part commercially might get added in FY '25 but majority of the CMO 
revenues will start coming in other than DSM and one or two which are at advanced discussion, 
most of them you will see that the revenue generation will start from FY '26. 
Shubham: 
Okay. Thank you for that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil from Securities Investment Management, 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning. And congrats on good set of numbers. I hope I am audible. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. You are audible. Thank you. 
Nikhil: 
Yes. Just two questions. One is on this INR1000 crores revenue target where we are mentioning 
18% to 20% income from CDMO and in our previous call, we have talked about two or three 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
projects but from today where we are and the revenue which you gave for DSM, what gives you 
the confidence that this INR200 crores kind of a top line can be achieved? Like, if you can just 
talk probably not quantitatively but qualitatively, what is the kind of interest you are getting 
from customers or some sense to build a confidence on what is building this INR200 crores? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, basically because of the existing market as well as the new product, we are very confident 
because like our chairman said, we have taken a very different approach for adding new products 
in the basket. It is very strategic where global dependence on China is there for certain products. 
So, there customers are desperately looking for an alternative source and we have tried to 
capitalize on that aspect. 
 
We have a lot of strength when it comes to R&D and developing the product. And backward 
integration, as you know has been a key strength of the company for a very long time. So, all 
these products which we have been able to newly infuse into the basket we have been able to 
completely backward integrate those and get the manufacturing process done completely in 
India. 
 
So, indigenous products we have been able to develop where we are very confident that the kind 
of costing that we are able to get for the product now, we are able to compete on a global scale 
with the Chinese manufacturers. So, there is a lot of confidence there when it comes to our 
existing basket, of course and the new products that we have infused. On the CMO front also as 
I said this will be at the end of FY '27. 
 
There is a fair level of confidence because two, three opportunities in this, like I said are a very 
advanced stage where we have already supplied the validation batches to them. And commercial 
production will start any time. So, there is a volume commitment which we have already 
received from these customers. 
 
And contracts have been signed that in the next two to three years these are the kind of volumes 
that they will buy from us. And these are binding contracts. So, there is a fair level of confidence 
that, yes, in the next two to three years most of these CMO opportunities, we will be able to 
scale up to that extent. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. I got it. So, in conclusion would it be right to say that these are projects we've been 
working for the last one year and now everything is done, largely it is validation and once 
customer approvals come, they will get commercialized. So, largely the R&D and everything is 
already done on those. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, absolutely. These are the products and projects which we have been working, which have 
been in the pipeline for over a year now. And now most of these projects on the CMO front, as 
well as even the new product launches which we are planning to do in this year, we are at a very 
advanced, stage of discussion with all the customers, wherein they are just waiting for our 
validations to be completed and for us to start the commercial supply. 
 
So, that is why there is a very, good level of confidence, I would say, that the INR1000 crores 
with the margins we are committing, we will be able to achieve that. In fact, if anything, like 
I've said in the past also, we have achieved higher margins as well as higher revenue in the past. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
So, there is a lot of opportunity for us that once all the CMO kicks in, the Amarnath project also 
kicks in, we can definitely do even better than what these numbers are. 
Nikhil: 
And just an extension here, Saloni, see, what we are hearing from a lot of companies is there is 
a lot of interest for CDMO, CMO projects towards India, because of this China plus one. Not 
specifically, but if you have to understand the projects we are working at the R&D versus what 
we were doing, say, one years or two years back, how is that pipeline build up for us today? 
 
Because the pipeline which we are working today will probably fructify in the next two years or 
three years. So, if you can talk about how is that pipeline scaling up and how is that inquiry level 
we are working with? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, definitely that China plus one strategy has benefited a lot of companies and we are also one 
of those companies who is focusing on that. Like our chairman said, our pipeline is also, focusing 
on that area only. The 4, 5 products which we plan to launch, we would be one of the first 
manufacturers in India or globally to have a completely backward integrated product other than 
China. 
 
So, that is one key area where we are focusing. We are also trying to complement that with our 
existing therapies. For example, Anesthetic basket is one area where we are aggressively 
working. In our R&D, we have four products currently in this Anesthetic basket. We already 
have a very strong presence globally in our Anesthetic products. We are global leaders in some 
of the products. 
 
So, we also wanted to build on that capability and also have a backward integrated product which 
would compete with China. So, you will see in the next couple of months, we will be launching 
four products where there is only dependence on China globally for the API. And a lot of the 
larger companies are very interested and in fact, some of the discussions are already at an 
advanced stage where they have told us, this is the volume that we are currently buying from 
China which we would completely like to move to you. 
 
So, most of them are at a very advanced discussion and the R&D pipeline is also in that way. 
So, main focus is on Anesthetics, anti-diabetics because that is a new therapy for us where we 
have been able to, develop a product which is fully backward integrated where again there is a 
lot of dependence on China today. And then anti-anxiety where we already have some strength 
because we already are catering to customers globally for these therapies. So, they wanted us to 
add certain more products. So, this is how the R&D basket is developing. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. And last question. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, sir. I request you to come back for a follow-up question. 
Nikhil: 
Okay. Fine. I will come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen you may press star and one.  
 The next question is 
from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors, LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Good morning, Dr. Saloni and team. Quick question. On the new products, that oral blue and 
the gauze products that you have been studying, new chemical entities if I may call them, is there 
any update that you can share on those? 
Saloni Wagh: 
For the new products, like I said, we are now through R&D. We are actually now at the validation 
phase because we anticipate that this newer basket of Anesthetic products can -- Just one 
second.[inaudible 49:48] 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Yes. I was talking about the cancer detection blue product. And that, the other, that you have the 
artificial skin for burns that you guys have been working on in chemical trial, etc. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Sorry, I did not understand the question earlier. Both the projects are moving really well. First, 
our focus is on the cancer detection kit. We have already, I mean, the clinical trials will begin 
very soon.  
 
We have already identified a partner who's going to support us with the clinical trials. Already 
in India, the patent has been filed. We are also looking at neighboring geographies, like certain 
Southeast Asian countries like Indonesia, Malaysia, from where we are also getting a lot of 
interest from the big formulation companies there, where they want to put the patent and they 
also want to partner with us on this technology. 
 
So the oral cancer kit is moving really well. We anticipate that in another 2 years, we will be 
ready with the final product and the product can be launched in the market, because that is how 
much time it will take for the clinical trials and everything to be completed. The gel also, yes, it 
is moving fairly well, but for us, the first launch will be the oral cancer detection kit, then 
followed by the gel. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And you mentioned, and maybe I heard it incorrectly, I'm not very sure you mentioned that the 
DSM is 25-30 tons of supply is anticipated in ‘25, is that correct? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, we are anticipating about 20-25 metric tons of material supply to DSM in FY ‘25. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And what would that revenue number be? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Ashwini, DSM contract at its peak would be somewhere around INR60-INR70 crores on the top 
line, Ashwini. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay, all right. Thank you so much, all the best, and I look forward to seeing you back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan Chheda, a retail investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I'd like to know, with respect to the U.S., this year, how 
much would be the revenue? Because if I see the last year versus this FY ‘24, our revenues have 
slightly decreased. So any outlook that you can give where we would be in terms of U.S. revenue, 
directionally, not any guidance, but directionally? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Saloni Wagh: 
The U.S. has been, I would say, it's a good place, it's a good job. It's in the high to 60s range. 
We have also said in past that in the current portfolio, what we have inherently is a larger market 
for these products has been the European region and the Latin American region. 
 
But there are a lot of new products which we are registering in the U.S., where they have good 
potential. Products like dextromethorphan, allopurinol, Tramadol, these products have very good 
potential in the U.S. market. And we are already started registering. 
 
If you see, we have about 15 US DMS filed as of now. Also in the next few quarters, in fact, for 
this financial year also, we are anticipating that the contribution from U.S. would be slightly 
higher than what it is today. Europe will still remain, at least for the next 2 years, Europe will 
still remain our major market. But definitely US will improve. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay, thank you for that. And the second question is in respect to the concentration. Now when 
I say concentration, it is with respect to the customers as well as your key therapeutic areas. In 
both of these, we have not seen a significant reduction in terms of concentration. 
 
Like 49% revenues are coming from top 10 clients and anaesthetic therapies contributing about 
46% without overall revenues. So again, what would be our plan to kind of reduce the 
concentration both on the customer side as well as on the therapeutic side? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So on the customer side, definitely as some of the other products in the basket, therapies like 
antihypertensive, vitamins, as some of these products grow, automatically you will see that the 
customer and the geographic concentration will reduce because it will be a more distributed 
portfolio. In terms of therapies, see in the anaesthetic basket also, we have a lot of products. It's 
not only one product where we are driving the revenues. 
 
There are a few products in that basket. So therapy-wise also, we are adding new therapies like 
anti-diabetic we are adding now, anti-anxiety we are adding now. Anaesthetic basket also we 
are adding, but new products. So the customer base would be new, the geographies would be 
new. So this is how we are trying to de-risk the portfolio as well as the therapy customer 
concentration by adding new products which would scale up in different geographies. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay, and last question. On slide 17, you mentioned that there are some anaesthetic therapy, 3 
ANDA projects, and other ANDA projects for anti-hypertensive and vitamins. So when I see 
these ANDA projects mentioned here, is it that we are working on only APIs or intermediates 
or these would be formulations part of the CMO, CDMO projects? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Well, it would be for APIs first and for certain of our existing therapy products, we might do 
some forward integration once Ambernath is up and running. 
Ketan Chheda: 
So that would be our own formulations, is that correct? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
No, that would be only for CMO opportunities. 
Ketan Chheda: 
Okay, thank you so much for answering the questions. Thanks. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. On behalf 
of Supriya Lifescience Ltd., that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you, ma'am. 
