                  Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
Tel: +91 22 2490 1441 
Fax: +91 22 2490 0833 
www.mahindra.com 
Regd. Office: Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India | Tel: +91 22 6897 5500 | Fax: 
+91 22 22875485 | Email: group.communications@mahindra.com | mahindra.com | 
CIN No. L65990MH1945PLC004558 
 
REF:NS:SEC: 
22nd May, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                                    BSE Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor,                                                               Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block                                                                          Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex                                                                      Mumbai 400001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
 
Bourse de Luxembourg                                                                      London Stock Exchange Plc                                    
Societe de la Bourse de Luxembourg                                              10 Paternoster Square 
Societe Anonyme/R.C.B. 6222,                                                          London EC4M 7LS. 
B.P. 165, L-2011 Luxembourg. 
 
Dear Sirs 
 
Sub:  Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ Institutional Investor Meeting 
 
This is further to our letter bearing REF:NS:SEC dated 10th May, 2024, wherein we had given you 
an advance intimation of the upcoming Analyst or Institutional Investor Meeting in terms of 
Regulation 30 (6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The Company had conducted M&M Q4FY24 Earnings Call with Several Funds /Investors / 
Analysts on 16th May, 2024 with respect to the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the Fourth Quarter and Year ended 31st March, 2024 in Mumbai and 
the Presentation(s) made thereat along with the weblink of the Presentation and weblink of the AV 
Recording of the said Earnings Call was submitted vide our letter dated 16th May, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of the aforesaid M&M Q4FY24 Earnings Call with Several Funds / Investors / 
Analysts is enclosed herein and is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed 
at: https://www.mahindra.com/sites/default/files/2024-05/TRANSCRIPT----MM-Q4F24-
Analyst-Meet---16-May-2024-FINAL_0.pdf 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the aforesaid 
Earnings Call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED                     
 
 
          
NARAYAN SHANKAR  
COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
Encl.: as above 
NARAYAN 
SHANKAR
Digitally signed by 
NARAYAN SHANKAR 
Date: 2024.05.22 
18:17:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Q4 & Full-Year F24 
Analyst Meet” 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANISH SHAH – GROUP CEO & MD , M&M  
MR. RAJESH JEJURIKAR – ED & CEO, AUTO & 
FARM SECTORS, M&M  
MR. MANOJ BHAT – GROUP CFO, M&M  
 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 27 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Thank you. Good afternoon to everybody who is joining here in person and to those who have 
joined online. 
We welcome you to the full year and Q4 analyst meet. We have here our Group MD and CEO, 
Anish. We also have our ED for AFS, Rajesh Jejurikar and our Group CFO, Manoj Bhat, who 
will be talking to you and we'll take questions like we usually do at the end of this. I just want 
to be sure for the sake of completeness that we read this out. Certain statements in this meeting 
with regard to our future growth prospects are forward looking statements which involve a 
number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
in such forward looking statements. 
With that, I'll invite Anish to start with his opening remarks. 
Anish Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone and good morning and good evening to folks who are joining us online 
as well. Pleasure to have you all with us here today and it's a great pleasure for us to talk about 
our F24 results. Again, we've delivered what we committed and in fact much more as you will 
see. 
So, let's talk about the key messages to start with. Strong performance overall. On a standalone 
basis, our PAT is up 48%; on a consolidated basis, it's up 25%. We have excluded a few one-
offs from last year, which I will talk about. This is despite challenges. You've seen the challenges 
on the farm sector and the industry being down last year. And Tech M, where profits were down 
52%. But despite that, across the group, we've just seen our businesses come together to deliver 
an outstanding performance overall. Beyond numbers, we've done a lot in terms of what we call 
living our purpose because that's important for us. On the sustainability front, we've always 
focused on tangible results and we prefer to talk about things after we've actually achieved 
something meaningful. But what you see here is the auto and farm business overall have 
achieved EP 100, auto is at 120, farm is slightly below 100, collectively they're over 100. 
What does EP100 mean, Energy productivity. This was a target we had for 2030. We've achieved 
it six years prior. And the implication of this is that we need half the amount of energy to produce 
the equivalent number of vehicles, whether it's automobiles or tractors, than we did at a baseline 
in 2009. So, over the last 15 years, there have been a number of different projects that have been 
done to help achieve this and this is in many ways much more meaningful than talking about 
where energy comes from because one can talk about renewable energy being greener and 
cleaner than fossil fuel, but in this case we eliminated half the energy use. So, you don't need to 
use energy at all. And that enables again a much better path to net zero and that's what our 
businesses have achieved. We are a water positive group, have been there for a while. 
So, just highlighting that again, but beyond that just a number of things that have happened on 
investor day will give you a deeper view on all the actions that have been taken place on 
sustainability and why that's such an important area for us. Women empowerment is another key 
area. We've had the Nanhi Kali program for educating the girl child for over 25 years. Over the 
last 2 or 3 years, we started focusing on skilling of women from a woman empowerment 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 27 
standpoint and providing jobs. We provided jobs to over 200,000 women in the last year. Our 
target is to get to a million a year, which we will and we'll again talk more about that when we 
go to an in-depth session at investor day. And there's meaningful progress on being future ready. 
Our talent pipeline is outstanding. We've been able to attract talent from any of the companies 
we wanted across the world and we've got some very strong talent in the Group. We've created 
talent programs at the entry level, mid level, senior level. And these are programs that would 
stack up or in my view be potentially better than what we've seen in companies across the world, 
in many cases with strong support from leading universities around the world as well. Beyond 
that, we've launched a newer version of our Mahindra Leaders Program, which takes in top talent 
from MBA schools. We've been very selective in going only to the top five schools and within 
there taking only the top talent that's available in a program that actually gives them the choice 
of being in consulting or investment banking or in a business where you can look across 20 
industries. So, it's something that's very appealing and it's structured in a way that can give them 
a career acceleration as well. 
Technology, we've been an early adopter across many technologies. We've talked to you earlier 
about Metaverse and what we've done across the Group. In Gen AI, there are a number of 
applications across different industries that have helped us either reduce cost or improve 
customer experience. And again, we will delve into this in a lot of detail on Investor Day and 
show you how we're using Gen AI across the different businesses. 
So, on financial performance, standalone as I mentioned, there was a one-time last year which 
was an impairment for trucks and buses and that's something we've taken out as a one-time. If 
we don't take that out, standalone would have been up 64%, not 48%. On the consolidated side, 
we had gains from Swaraj Engines, the listed entity where when we bought shares from 
Kirloskar, the entity was revalued and therefore we had gains last year. We similarly had gains 
from Susten when we sold stake to Ontario Teachers and we had the trucks and buses 
impairment. So, those three we've excluded, excluding that consolidated is up 25%. What's 
driving it? Auto and farm are the key drivers of this growth right now, up 54%. Yes, primarily 
auto at this point, given where the farm industry has been. But the farm business also has done 
very well in terms of maintaining margins, increasing market share, and therefore actually 
showing higher profits than the prior year in a tough industry. 
Tech Mahindra has been a weak spot. A number of actions have been taken to set the business 
on a strong path going forward. Some of you may have heard Mohit Joshi's commentary on the 
path for the next three years. It will take a 2-to-3 year time period for the full turnaround, but 
there's a clear part that has been outlined. The impact for this year was negative where profit was 
down 52% from the prior year, but that's something that we see recovering very well over the 
next two to three years and moving on a path where we can even build an even stronger business 
than that we've had before. 
Mahindra Finance has actually performed outstandingly well. It's hidden a little in the realm of 
the fraud that was uncovered and let me cover the fraud first which is something that happened 
in the Aizawl branch in Mizoram where we had collusion of at least about twenty people, eleven 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 27 
having been arrested so far already, dealers were part of the collusion as well. Collections agents 
were part of the collusion as well and that resulted in the fraud not being picked up. What we've 
done since then is first we had to go and do a deep dive on every single loan in the portfolio to 
ensure there was no other fraud anywhere else and that was a very detailed exercise. And literally 
in 3 to 5 days we had to go through 10 lakh customers and prove to the auditors that there's no 
fraud anywhere else. And that's what the team did and that again talks a lot about the controls 
that are there in the business today. We have also put in an even stronger control mechanism to 
prevent potential collusion fraud that can occur in future by centralizing certain key checker 
responsibilities as you have a maker and checker responsibility and putting in place certain data 
tracking elements that will help us get there. But yes, that was a negative for us, a Rs. 136 crores 
provision, a pretty significant one at that, that had to be taken and that overshadowed some of 
the key highlights for that business, which is it has reached one lakh crore of assets under 
management. 
Assets under management grew at 24%. In a year that has seen interest rates go up, in a year 
where we cut back on certain segments and did not lend to them because we wanted to improve 
asset quality and therefore even more importantly asset quality is up significantly and you see 
the GS3 numbers having come down to 3.4% now. Credit losses are well within the range that 
had been promised as well for the quarter as well as for the year. So, overall it's been a very 
strong performance in Mahindra Finance. There's been a lot of work on technology and data. 
That is something that will start reaping results. I still say that we are halfway through the 
turnaround there. We are one and a half years into the turnaround. In another one and a half 
years, we expect the technology to be fully deployed, the data analytic tools to be fully deployed, 
and Mahindra Finance will really stand out as a leader in its space. Growth gems continue to do 
well, and while you see income up here 6%, there are a few things that have been driving it, 
number of things on the positive, logistics has been one negative and you've heard the details on 
logistics which is essentially driven by the express business and as a result there was a loss of 
logistics of Rs. 55 crores for the year that is again well handled now, execution has improved 
significantly and what we are seeing now is a much stronger year for logistics in F25. But in F24 
we had to take some of the hits from there. Susten has won two gigawatts of bids, which will 
now get translated into developing these utility plants. Two gigawatts compares to 1.6 that 
Susten has done in 14 years prior to that. So, we've done all of that and more in one year. And 
we had talked about a 5X plan for Susten. The Susten team is now talking about can we go to 
7x or potentially even 10x over the next five years just looking at what has been delivered in the 
last year. Real estate continues to be strong. Last month mobility continues to be strong. 
Hospitality is on a very strong track. So, we've got many of our growth gems delivering at a very 
high rate now. 
As we think about auto and farm, while Rajesh will cover it in detail, the key highlights are, we 
continue to be the number one SUV player. Revenue is up 36%. LCV, something we don't talk 
about as much, is at a 49% plus market share and that has gained 350 basis points, a continued 
strong margin performance in it as well, which results in auto profits alone of Rs. 4,700 crores, 
up 2.5 times. On the farm side, resilient is a primary word that I would use. OJA is a great launch 
for the future. It's a great product in multiple markets in the US and Southeast Asia, in parts of 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 27 
India, and that really positions the business very well for future growth and strong cash 
generation. As I said earlier, profits are also up, yes, up only 2%, but the operative word is up 
and not down. 
Mahindra Finance, I talked about in detail, so I'm going to skip it here except for one comment 
which is while you see profit down 11%, Mahindra Finance had significant write backs the 
previous year because of reduction in GS3 and that is what had really driven it. This is a number 
that is essentially on budget for us and is reflective of the strong performance of Mahindra 
Finance despite the write-backs that we had in the previous year. 
Tech Mahindra that I've talked about, I shall skip that here. And then growth gems, logistics, 
EBITDA margin is up 25 basis points, revenue is up 7%, but offset by the performance on the 
express side. Hospitality continues to do well. It's a business that has a lot more potential. So, 
the primary thing for the hospitality business is, yes, it's doing well, but we can do a lot more 
and that's part of what we will drive. And real estate, good momentum, highest ever residential 
sales. And more importantly, 4x increase in the land that has been acquired for future growth. 
So, what does this mean from a cash standpoint? We started the year with Rs. 15,000 crores of 
cash. And I'm going to highlight a few key points here. And then if you have more questions, 
we'll go into details. We've generated operating cash of Rs. 15,000 crores. CAPEX was 5,000. 
In addition to that, EV CAPEX was 3000. ICDs that we funded to the Group companies is a very 
small amount, but we've repaid Rs. 3,500 crores of debt, essentially become almost close to zero 
debt. There's some long-term debt that could not be prepaid and which is why it's there, but that's 
a very small amount now. And after the dividend payout, we're closing at Rs. 17,600 crores of 
cash. So, very healthy cash balance, continues the focus we've had on capital allocation, the 
discipline we've had, as I've always said that shall continue, that shall not go away and you see 
that in these numbers here. 
We have talked about F22 to F24 in the past and we've showed you projections over the past 
couple of years on this 3-year window and this is the final look at the 3-year window in terms of 
where we ended up. Operating cash across auto, farm and services was Rs. 37,000 crores and as 
we promised to you in the past we are breaking it out across all three verticals so you can see 
that transparently saying this is what has been happening. Some of you, or many of you in the 
past have said, we don't like the fact that you're using auto and farm cash for things outside auto 
and farm. So, this is a transparent look at the fact that we are not using auto and farm cash for 
something outside auto and farm. 
Deployment total is Rs. 17,500 crores and you see that across the various aspects, leaving a net 
cash generation of Rs. 19,700 crores over this three-year period. The thing that I want to 
highlight and I feel the happiest about on this chart is that services has generated Rs. 7,000 crores 
of cash. So, let's leave aside auto and farm cash not being used for services. Services has 
generated more cash than auto. It has generated more cash than farm. And that's the reason why 
we're investing in growth gems because that's part of what we want to be able to achieve in terms 
of the cash generation. So, it's not just accounting numbers. You see this here in pure cash. 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 27 
And you asked for this before and we had promised we would deliver our forecast for the next 
three years. You do see a significant jump in deployment which is reflective of the significant 
jump in the size of the business and our aspirations and our revenue and our revenue growth that 
we would want. And what you therefore see is a Rs. 37,000 crore deployment over the next five 
years. And let's look at the details here. For auto, it will take a bulk of that which is Rs. 27,000 
crores. EV is 12,000 but we are not giving up on ICE. ICE is still very important and ICE is 
going to continue to be a mainstay for the next few years and therefore ICE will continue to get 
Rs. 14,000 crores of CAPEX in this time period. More importantly, all of the funding required 
for auto will be self-funded by auto. And which is the reason why we even talked with our 
partners who funded our electric business. BII has already put in 1200 crores, Temasek has put 
in 300 and they will put in their additional 900 to hit 1200. But beyond that, we had an additional 
Rs. 725 crore transfer from BII. So, we've talked to them and said we don't really need this. Do 
you really want to put it in? Let's decide mutually. If this makes sense and over the next 7 months 
we'll assess whether it makes sense and it's a small number so either way it doesn't matter from 
our standpoint but the primary point is that we've got Rs. 27000 crores outlined for auto and that 
cash will be generated within the auto segment alone. 
For farm, we've got Rs. 5,000 crores that we've outlined right now, again, driving some of the 
growth in the farm business. It will obviously generate a lot more cash than that as you've seen 
in the past. And services again we've outlined 5000 crores right now. As Mahindra finance 
grows, it will need capital to fund its growth but beyond that our growth gems are doing well 
and we will put more capital there. Here again we expect it to generate a lot more cash than the 
5000 we're going to use. So, this again will be self-funding, it will not be auto and farm cash 
coming into services. And none of this includes acquisitions. 
And I know your question is going to be what are your plans for acquisitions? Our plans for 
acquisitions are still consistent with what we've done so far, which is where it makes sense and 
where we feel we can deliver results from there. We will look at acquisitions. We will be very 
prudent on that. The bar is extremely high. And something we are not ruling out, something that 
we are looking at actively, and we will leverage that as one of the tools for our growth. 
So, I'll end with this slide before inviting Rajesh. What's important for us is consistent delivery 
on our commitments. We had committed to 18% ROE. We continue to maintain that. We had 
committed to a 15% to 20% growth in EPS. At this point, we are at an 84% CAGR on an 
annualized basis since F21, which is when we made that commitment. So, we are tracking pretty 
well on this does not mean you factor 84% for the next year in terms of growth, just leaving that 
as well. But it's essentially something that we feel good about and we will continue to track that. 
With that, Rajesh, over to you. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Hi, good evening and good morning to people around the world, probably in the US. I'm going 
to quickly run through my slides so we have enough time for questions. I think you have most 
of the information by now. So, in the automotive business, a quick look at the numbers, you see 
them here. In the quarter we grew volume 14% and the revenue market share was up likewise 
for the year. We've seen a big upward trajectory in our SUV business, reflecting the success of 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 27 
many of our new products and current products continuing to do well. That's led to improvement 
in the revenue market share over a period of time. The booking number at this point of time 
stands at 220,000, this is now upgraded or updated to only add the first hour of XUV 3XO 
bookings which is 50,000. We are not going to share an hourly update on what the booking 
numbers is. It is going up and it will keep going up but we're not going to give an hourly update 
on occasions like this now and it is so and so tomorrow morning, but it's a tremendous and 
positive response to the 3XO. We think there's an opportunity to be a clear number one or 
number two in this segment. The size of the SUV market in F24 was Rs. 25 lakhs. We believe 
the relevant industry in which the 3XO can place between six to nine lakhs per year depending 
on who you count in. In the 6 lakh target market, we are number 5 player and in the 9 lakh target 
market, we are number 6 player with the XUV300. With the 3XO, we believe we have very 
strong right to win and a very strong proposition, many of these are this is straight out of the 
presentation on 29th when we launched the product but today we hear this back from customers 
and I think some of you have been out there checked our product out, there is also the product 
on the first floor if any of you got a chance to see that and we actually hear customers playing 
back very similar words to what we have put out on the slide on the 29th. We also got very good 
reviews from media and all the reviews have been very positive and reinforcing this very strong 
value proposition that allows us to get upgrades and also allows us to create new segment at the 
higher end. That's led to this 50,000 booking in the first 60 minutes and very strong momentum 
even on weekdays and showrooms as we are talking to our colleagues through last evening, 
today as well. So, we continue to see very strong bookings and momentum. I'll play an AV for 
you which is kind of the new ad with little less of features and some people in it. So, take a quick 
look. 
As Anish said on the LCV side, we have continued to see strong growth in market share. The 
industry has been slow for the last year with a negative growth. We grew through market share 
gain. The last mile mobility business, we sold over 100,000 vehicles last year. The electric three-
wheelers grew 4x in the last 2 years and we continue to have a strong market share. There are a 
lot of questions on what is the impact of competition coming in. Competition is good for the 
category we believe, the category penetration is only 11%. This category has the best chance to 
electrify right now because of the very strong value proposition for customers. We believe the 
more players who that come in there is a greater opportunity to electrify faster and that will have 
some impact on market share downward, but we think it will fuel the pace of growth momentum 
in the category which is really what is very, very important. We have launched the Treo Metal 
Body which has got also very good response. These are numbers you are familiar with so I am 
just quickly going through them. A very strong profit growth both in the quarter and the year 
and a very strong margin performance as well. 
This is just recapping some of the commitments that we had made saying the kind of margin that 
we could get to in what we had called the medium term and you can see we got to that pretty 
quickly. This is an update on our commitments. Again, I will do this very quickly because you 
are familiar with a lot of this I have spoken about. These are the commitments we had made a 
couple of years back by when we will get to in 2025. This is what is an update on that and we 
think we are doing very well on most of the commitments that we had made for 2025. What 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 27 
next? We are looking at 9 ICE SUVs. Three of these will be mid-cycle refreshes, 6 will be all 
new and 7 Born Electric vehicles by 2030, 7 LCVs out of which 2 will be electric. So, it's a 
strong portfolio in the making as Anish said, reinforcing again ICE is very important. We stay 
very invested in updating our ICE portfolio. As we said in the past, we won't share details of 
ICE because it does create confusion in the market and fear of cannibalizing our current portfolio 
so we don't share details of what we are doing in the ICE space. 
This is just to reconfirm that we are investing very strongly. We said we will share the capacity 
plans in this meeting and that's what we are doing here. We exited March at 49,000 capacity. By 
end of F25, we should be at 64. The breakup of 64 increase, which is the 15,000 number, is 5,000 
between Thar 5-door and XUV 3XO and 10,000 which is the first lot of the born electric 
capacity. The next 64 to 72 is the additional 8,000 born electric capacity that will come up. And 
as you can see this is a 3.5x increase in capacity over where we were in F20. This is the breakup 
of the investment. Anish spoke about the Rs. 27,000 crore number, broken up as XUV ICE, 
8,500; CVs, including trucks and buses, and electric CVs is 4,000; sustenance is 1,500. 
Investment in meal is 12,000 and 1,000 for investment in other subsidiaries. Just leaving that for 
a second, we can come back to this if there are more questions. 
On the farm side, it was a difficult quarter for the industry. We knew it because of festival season 
shift. We knew that the quarter is going to be negative and it was. We had also said we will 
correct some stock which we did, which is why you see a market share going down. For those 
of you who track us closely, it did go back in April to 46%. So, we had to make the correction 
as we ended March. There is some correction still to be done but that's very small and we will 
smoothen that out but we did need to do a one-time correction on our dealer stocks. 20 to 30 HP 
segment, September to March we gained 12.8 share points through the launch of OJA and Target 
and that has helped us to gain overall truck market share. 
Farm revenue, we grew 32% in the year. I think we had said we hope to do more, but this 
category too has seen pressure given the overall environment amongst agriculture and tractors. 
So, in the context of industry slowdown, we think a 32% number here is good. We are very well 
set strengthening our position in multiple product categories in the farm machinery segment and 
we are looking at again a significant growth path in F25. These are numbers you are familiar 
with. Anish covered them as well so I am passing. 
The core tractor margin has gone up to 17.7 for the year. But interestingly when you see the 
quarter trend, in the quarter the core tractor margin is 17.6. To clarify core tractor, it includes all 
tractors sold in India plus all tractors exported from India. It has both. It is not only the domestic 
sale, but it doesn't include global tractors like Erkunt, all exports from India of our tractors and 
domestic sale is covered in this and that's a 17.6% margin in spite of a significant reduction in 
volume that you see so you can see a trend of a very good uptake in tractor margins. 
Quick update on the commitments, we are doing well and on track on most of these. So, what's 
next? We think many favorable factors for the farm sector as we go into F25, especially as we 
get to the second half. Favorable monsoons, farmer terms of trade, investments beginning to 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 27 
pick up in agri and rural, Navaratra festival shift. Some watch outs but at the moment on a 
balance we think the year will grow at plus 5%. Of course we will revisit this once in July. Rs. 
5,000 crore investment, Anish spoke about this, this is the break up, 2,800 for product, 700 for 
capacity. We are providing Rs. 600 crores for TREM 5 in this 3-year cash flow which may not 
be needed because we do expect that the regulation implementation may move further. We are 
fully ready with product but the execution of that we provided Rs. 600 crores in case we need to 
be ready with TREM 5. 
So, summary, on the auto side, we did Rs. 76,000 crores topline, PBIT of Rs. 6,000 crores, a 
strong margin improvement, good performance and market share, 23 product launches by 2030 
and a Rs. 27,000 crore CAPEX plus investment plan. On the farm side, again you see the 
numbers and a Rs. 5,000 crores investment plan. So, we believe that we have now a strong 
execution track record, a strong brand and momentum that we built in and we'll have a very good 
product portfolio to fully leverage that as we go into the next 3-year cycle. Thank you. Manoj, 
please. 
Manoj Bhat: 
Good afternoon everyone. I think I'll do a very quick wrap of what the numbers look like and 
throw it open for questions because I think all of you must be very eager to do that. So, quickly 
at Q4, 12% growth led by auto, it was 20% growth in auto and then farm was flattish. If I look 
at PAT, it's a 32% growth in terms of standalone numbers for Q4. If I look at consolidated, 
overall 9% growth, I think there have been multiple growth areas across multiple businesses, but 
of course auto is the lead. From a PAT perspective if you look at it, I think auto has shown a 
significant growth in PAT but Tech M is the decline and I think Anish referred to that in his 
slides. If I look at overall full year, 17% and a 48% and that is also explained by Anish in his 
slide and if I look at the consolidated number, it's a 25% and I'll just flip to the next slide. So, if 
you look at it, Rs. 2800 crores absolute increase in auto PAT and a Rs. 709 crores decrease in 
Tech impact and if I look at farm despite all the challenges, I think an absolute increase of Rs. 
86 crores in terms of PAT when we go from F23 to F24 and all the other services that are puts 
and takes a better positive number of about Rs. 62 crores. So, that's the quick summary. With 
that, I'll throw it open for questions. Amar. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
We'll kick off with Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks Amar. Congratulations to the team for successful launch of 3XO. I think very well 
executed. Probably one of the best face lifts that I have seen in a long time. So, congrats. My 
question is on capacity. We are going up from 49,000 to I think 64,000 and then 72,000 per 
month. If you look at the order book, despite this booking number of 50,000, we have not really 
seen much growth. So, in that context, last quarter also the order book was around the same 
levels. So, if you could just help us understand in this context what's going on in the market 
because this capacity is coming up. Also what we are noticing is market growth has dropped 
significantly to low single digits and electric vehicle growth is also quite low, right? So, lot of 
capacity in the second half is coming in electric vehicles. So, what are your thoughts on that? 
And also if you could split up the CAPEX that you have given and how much on the farm side, 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 27 
you have given a breakdown of new product and capacity. On the auto side if you could also 
share that? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Let me try and take the demand side question if I could call it that. So, when you look at quarter 
4 growth, we had kind of in a way indicated that that's going to be muted because we were 
transitioning out of 300 into 3X0 and you did see the effect of that through this quarter because 
we were basically into liquidating whatever we had of 300 and though we had started producing 
3X0, we were not wanting to sell it before the launch date. So, you clearly had a product which 
is doing 6,000 a month literally out of sale for a large part of the quarter. So, we were expecting 
these numbers given that we were transitioning to this. There are ways in which you can optimize 
that but we didn't want an optimization to manage quarter numbers to come in the way of making 
a very good 3X0 launch. And we know that any time you try to do this over optimization, you 
leave inventory of the old product on the channel, then there is a pressure on the dealer to push 
the old product while the new is coming in, we wanted to just absolutely clean the channel and 
we did that. So, there was actually no XUV300 in the channel as we went in with 3X0. 
Everybody is clear, the salesman is clear what they are doing. So, I think quarter 4 has got 
affected, the growth has got affected by that. On the XUV700, we did indicate last time that we 
will move to creating a more accessible price point, we are in the process of doing that, you will 
see some of that play out over the next 15-20 days, so there is a very specific plan for that that's 
going to play out. So, these are kind of the two key initiatives that we are taking right now. We 
did go through a process of cleaning up the XUV700 order book which is why you see the 
cancellation rate go up and I say clean up the book it is go back to customers who have a booking, 
ask them whether they still really intend to buy it. So, in a way we forced conversation on do 
you really want to buy and that's now reflected in the order book numbers that you see here. It's 
a reflection of us going back to customers who may have booked whatever 10, 12, 15 months 
back, still have an order in the system and this is reconfirming with them. Those who are kind 
of tentative, not wanting to buy now, bought something else, we have kind of removed them 
from the booking list. So, you see a much more updated booking list. We thought it was 
important to that we did that over the last two, three months. So, I think we must separate out 
what we intend to sell from capacity. Capacity should, we've learned out of this, right, the cost 
of losing sales because you don't have capacity is much lesser than having some capacity which 
is unused because given that we don't have to do green field plants, the incremental cost of 
creating capacity is not that much for us. So, it makes sense for us to have capacity so that we 
are able to leverage opportunity, every opportunity that comes up. And that's why even though 
we have 49,000, it doesn't mean that we will have exactly 40,000, 49,000 or 50,000, 55,000 sale 
every month. What we've said is we are very confident on mid to high teen growth rate in F25. 
We stay with that. We've said that on an assumption of where our current products are, on the 
assumption that time that 3XO will turn out to be a really good product, which it hopefully is 
playing out that way and the launch of the new Thar a few months later, which we think will 
also be received extremely well. So, with all of that, we think that that's the right mix of having 
the right amount of capacity with a reasonably aggressive growth plan. The mid to high teens 
will be much faster than the industry growth. Industry growth, you are saying, is muted. We 
always believe that in this industry, success of good launches are agnostic to state of market at 
any point of time. When you have a good automotive launch, you create demand irrespective of 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 27 
what's happening to the industry and in a way 3XO is playing that story out. There is so much 
enthusiasm about wanting to buy that even though that segment at this moment is a little muted, 
but there is so much excitement about it. On the question of EV capacity, our storyline has been 
that we believe we should create a very strong lifestyle proposition to customers. It's not about 
saying that we are here to electrify. It's about we are here to create a really exciting SUV portfolio 
which is going to be standout design, very good level of tech and absolute fun to drive. We are 
going to showcase some of that on the 14th of June for those of you who come in. You can't 
drive it, but you can definitely see it and they've really come out very well. So, we treat that as 
a capacity that we have to create anyway for the future. Did I cover everything? Yeah, the split 
on capacity, the reason we were thinking of whether we should call that out separately. The 
reason it becomes difficult to call it out is a lot of our capacity is fungible between EV and ICE 
because they are primarily in Chakan and then it was becoming confusing on how much capacity 
we attribute to each. So, we made some assumption and put some of the capacity into ICE and 
some of the capacity into EV. But the overall investment in capacities is not very high and we 
didn't feel that in proportion to the total so we didn't feel the need to call it out separately. 
Kapil Singh: 
I was looking for basically how much is the R&D out of this total budget if it is possible to give? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Rajeev, can we say like roughly I think more than 70%-80% is product development. He's saying 
product development versus capacity. I think it is 80 odd percent will be product and 20% will 
be, just a very ballpark number. 
Anish Shah: 
Kapil, just on your point on bookings, ideally we want a lower number of bookings because if 
you have a month or two months of bookings, then we can service the customer faster. So, one 
can argue whether 80,000, 100,000, 120,000 is a good booking number. When we are at the 
2,00,000 and 3,00,000 range, it's not a great customer experience. So, now that we're putting 
capacity in place, as Rajesh said, it's better for us to have some excess capacity rather than losing 
volume because we can't deliver fast enough. So, I think we're reaching that phase now. So, I'd 
probably say I'm still uncomfortable with 2,20,000 that we see there But as we put the capacity 
and as we're increasing it this year, we start bringing that number down. 
Kapil Singh: 
I know I agree. Just one question is on emissions, if you could talk about the roadmap for M&M 
in the medium term, 2027 CAFÉ norms are also coming. Where are you currently? How are you 
planning to address that given the higher diesel mix that we have? Are you looking at other 
different technology options? How well are you prepared with CNG, hybrids, all of those kind 
of options? So, just more medium term kind of.. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
To be clear, you are looking at our preparedness for CAFÉ III? Is that what you have in mind? 
Kapil Singh: 
That's right. And where are you today as well? We don't know. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, in F24, we clearly met the target with the volumes of XUV400 that we sold and the rest of 
the mix that we had. So, we are full compliance on the CAFÉ II norms in F24. We expect that 
to happen with the portfolio of electric that we have in F25 as well. So, that's clear. The CAFÉ 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 27 
III norms are still under discussion with BE and SIAM and so on. As we understand it, the 
mindset right now is to create CAFE norms which encourage companies to have a very high 
portfolio of electric. It's being designed in a way that you literally discourage non-electric. That's 
the way this is going. Little counter-intuitive as we may sound, and I was having a chat with 
Velu on this. His understanding is actually diesel for us is more favorable from complying with 
CAFÉ norm than gasoline. So, we don't see a worry between diesel and gasoline. But with the 
plans we have for electric by the time we get to the CAFÉ III which I think will be 27, 28, we 
should be very comfortable with our EV plan because we are very invested in EV. The direction 
of the conversation right now is move OEMs, push them to have EV because that's the only way 
to meet the CAFÉ norms. 
Kapil Singh: 
What is the bare minimum EV penetration that is required in your portfolio to meet this? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I think it's a hard number to calculate right now because it depends on what the rest of your mix 
is. But our guess is 15% to 25%. 
Kapil Singh: 
15 to 25%, okay. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
These are not finalized Kapil. These are very early stages of discussion. 
Kapil Singh: 
Do you think this is going to be similar across all OEMs or it is specific to you? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
The percentage?  
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
The percentage will vary depending on how much CNG you have, but it's not going to vary too 
much based on the diesel gasoline mix. 
Binay Singh: 
Congratulations for a stellar year. Globally, the trend that we are now seeing in auto is slowdown 
in electric, pickup in hybrid. In fact, in India also, we've started to see in the last few months, 
slowdown in the EV side. So, how are you looking at other power trains in your portfolio? Any 
change in view on scope of hybrid or CNG? The second question is, in the presentation, I noticed 
that you talked about ’x’ of cell localization, CAPEX in one of the slides. So, is that something 
that you are looking at. And the third one is on the automotive margin, stellar performance, you 
guided for 300 basis points, you've done much better. When you look ahead, do you think like 
we understand, is it fair to assume that the mix is going to get weaker in the auto business? So, 
that's an offsetting factor because all the other factors look pretty favorable in FY25, volumes, 
leverage playing out, so these three, thanks. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Okay, so just three questions, just want to make sure I've got them right. The first one is about 
how we think about hybrids and others. The second is on cell localization. And the third is on 
auto margin and the mix effect. I've not understood the mix effect but I'll come to clarifying what 
you mean by that. So, on hybrids and I think you would have read recently that we knew it was 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 27 
headed this way but today it's been confirmed that the Finance Minister said that there's no GST 
reduction being going to be taken on board for hybrids. It's not surprising to us given that that's 
been a very constant imperative of this government that we have to drive EV penetration in India 
and they're doing everything to enable the category to move towards that. I think a lot of people 
are tending to compare India with the rest of the world. I don't think it's the right thing to do at 
the moment firstly because our EV penetration is 2%. The others are reaching some kind of a 
saturation after having reached 15%, 20%, 25%. The other conversation and one of my 
colleagues was out at an investor meet in another country and they were comparing countries 
like China, how charging infrastructures come up. But India is very different, right? In India, we 
do build, do build, do build, do build, right? We don't do anything which is 10 years ahead of 
when it's needed. So, as sales pick up, charging infrastructure will come. As we've been saying 
repeatedly, our belief is what the EV market needs in India is a really wow! product. People buy 
wow products and very often we share this with all our channel partners and dealers as well that 
look at what happened with Thar, there is no rational reason to buy a Thar it's just a very 
emotional wow purchase and no one would have thought that we were doing, we did our highest 
it's now almost 3.5-4 years since we launched it and we did our highest sale of Thar three door 
last month which was more than 6000. We do believe that when you have the right proposition, 
people are going to buy it and that's what we think will happen with a Born Electric. So, we are 
really, in our mind, very clear that what we are setting out to do is to stay consistent with what 
our brand stands for, what we are offering exciting, very good products. Electric has the benefit 
of a wow drive experience. It's just an amazing driving experience apart from the quietness, the 
acceleration, all of that. So, it's just a totally different experience. And as customers experience 
that, I'm sure they'll move to the right products. I think today's electric offerings are very 
functional, including our offering in the market. They're not products which will wow the 
customer. We do believe with wow products that's the right path. So, sorry for the long answer, 
but we are staying committed on our electric path and as Anish said in the earlier meeting, it's 
not like we are ruling out hybrids. For us, hybrid is an optionality twice. So, basically just as 
diesel was to gasoline because diesel was more fuel efficient and when diesel prices were lesser 
than gasoline, customers were to run a lot of their vehicle every day, prefer to buy a diesel vehicle 
going back in time. It's the same thing that's going to happen with hybrid today. Today as we 
analyze our portfolio of customers, very different than what we had five years back, 5-7 years 
back, customers bought a Mahindra because they wanted fuel efficiency. Today that's amongst 
the least important buying reasons amongst our portfolio of customers. So, we don't see hybrid 
wanting customers actively cannibalize us except in some very few segments. So, at an 
appropriate time, depending on how the category is moving, we will look at hybrid wherever we 
need to show that. 
Anish Shah: 
Yeah, I'll just add that governments around the world for the last 20 years haven't incentivized 
hybrid because hybrid is more expensive because you've got two power trains. Emissions is 
really not that much better than ICE. Yes, there's fuel efficiency that's better than ICE, but it still 
uses a fair bit of fuel. As compared to EV where you got zero emissions, where you got zero 
fuel use, and which is why governments are incentivizing EV because they want to have the 
industry transition to EV. Also, the incentives will come down over time, as costs of battery will 
come down over time. So, EV is the end-term game. Hybrids can be something that's in between 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 27 
and if the consumer wants more hybrid, then we will be ready for that. We are also looking at 
hybrid technologies that may be closer to a pure EV and to the extent those technologies develop 
further, then we will move faster on that play. So, we are keeping our eyes open for that but we 
are not surprised by what we saw recently because there isn't a logic to incentivize hybrid as 
compared to a very strong logic to incentivize EV. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
On cell localization, yes, we have said we will evaluate cell localization. We continue to do it. 
We wouldn't do it alone. We would do it in a partnership. And there could be multiple constructs 
to that partnership. But it is something that we are very actively looking at. It certainly won't be 
a full investment by us. It will be with multiple sets of strategic or financial investment options. 
Anish, you want to add? On the auto margin, can you just clarify what you meant by mix? 
Binay Singh: 
That in general if you look at on the XUV side 700, we are talking about lower trims XUV 3X0 
is coming in which is also lower ASP, so which is why when I look at FY25 it's very clear on 
the positive side of drivers which is volume leverage is going to be quite sizable for you, pricing 
is holding quite well in your segments. So, in a way as a headwind if I think that maybe the mix 
is looking weaker, so just happy to hear your comments on that? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
You know we avoid giving a definitive guidance except at one time we did, but I think what you 
have to go with is our track record to deliver margins and we have consistently been focused on 
getting margins. What we try to do is balance growth and margin all the time. We don't want to 
get into a margin chasing mindset which affects our ability to grow and stay strong in the market. 
So, we do this balancing. As we are looking at mid to high teen growth, definitely there will be 
operating leverage that will come in. Hopefully commodities will stay reasonably benign as it 
looks at the moment. Of course this can't predict which way that goes. So, overall we would 
continue like what we've done in the past to make sure we get important or interesting price 
points in place so that we get growth but also keep a very close watch on cost and the mix like 
you said I just wanted to show you talking about the model mix and the variant mix so that we 
get the right growth and margins as all of you want and we want. 
Anish Shah: 
I'll just add to that, in general the mix itself may not have a big impact with the 3X0 coming in 
because we should be able to get margins on that, but the principle we've talked about in the past 
will stay which is for every new launch, there will be lower margins. So, the 3X0 also at the start 
will have lower margins and what it will go up, the Thar 5 door will be coming in will have the 
same thing. The electric vehicles coming in will have the same thing. And also as you think 
about margins for electric, just a reminder that Rajesh reminded me in the previous meeting as 
well is that the percentage for electric will be lower because GST is far lower. So, while the 
same if you let's say you have the same margin on an ICE vehicle and an electric vehicle, the 
percentage margin will be lower on electric because the GST is lower. So, that's something we'll 
just have to ensure that's factored into sort of calculations that you have. And we'll call it out 
separately. And we'll show it separately for both ICE and electric so it should be easier from that 
perspective. 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 27 
Binay Singh: 
Just lastly, is it fair to assume that you will qualify for PLI when you launch the next leg of 
electric launches? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Let's say it is fair to assume that we are doing everything to qualify for PLI. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
I'll just take a couple of questions online because there's a whole list and then we'll come back. 
Raghu, we can start with you. Anish, these are two questions for you related, so I thought I'll 
club them. One is, great performance means dividend expectations go up. Question is, why just 
30%? And second, does this mean EPS guidance goes up? 
Anish Shah: 
As I said earlier, don't factor 84% in for next year's EPS guidance. Why 30%? We felt that that 
was a good number overall in terms of growth and something that reflects our performance. We 
do feel that there are exciting growth opportunities for us, which is why we are still being very 
measured and focused from a capital allocation standpoint, but at the same time keeping the cash 
balance we have for potential growth opportunities as we see them. And over time we'll continue 
giving back more. But for us, it's important to be consistent and it's important to be steady in 
terms of how we grow. Does 30% mean our EPS guidance goes up? At this time, we will stay 
with 15% to 20% EPS growth, and 18% ROE. So, that's something over time, if we continue to 
perform much better, we may revise that. But at this time, we will continue to stay with that. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Raghu, maybe we'll start with you and then come back, and then Gunjan after that. Please, go 
ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. Congrats on delivering on so many parameters. Sir, firstly on 
the tractor side, a 5% growth expectation for FY25, how do you see growth panning out across 
regions? The general expectation is north, central and west should do better compared to south. 
And also what do you think can be the upside trigger to the growth estimate you have given? 
Continuing on tractor, if you can also talk about whether TREM 5 would come in April 26, if 
that is happening can FY26 growth be substantially strong? Second question is on XUV3X0, 
congrats on the strong bookings. So, in terms of the bookings, if you can provide some color, 
your initial thoughts, how the top end versus how the order book is divided between automatic, 
normal, top end, low end and how you are seeing whether that attracted initial pricing attracted 
or that ADAS 2.0 attracted, what attracted people to the product? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
I have been in board meetings since yesterday so I only know 50,000, I am joking, I will try and 
answer it as much as possible. So, in the tractor growth, I think the obvious way to look at it is 
South will grow slower than the rest of the country. So, to say discussion point on this with our 
team is why because they're on such a low base. Many of the Southern states have seen like 
Telangana, Andhra, Karnataka between minus 25 and minus 35 in F24. So, given that they're on 
a low base, I think if you see good rains that actually that to your second point could be the 
upside because why should we assume that south will continue on a negative growth even that 
they're on such a low base. So, I think that is to me the key story that has to play out. The three 
regions will get that you spoke about. East I am not so sure because there is a little, the initial 
forecast on Monsoon on East is not that great and there is a possibility of either too little or too 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 27 
heavy rain as I gather from the initial forecast. So, East I am not sure but I think North and West 
will be pretty decent including Maharashtra which also has a very low base in F24. So, that could 
be one upside as we think about the F25 numbers, which is some of these regions move into a 
growth trend. I think the positive farmer terms of trade is a potential upside and we shouldn't 
discount that it makes a lot of difference to the farmer. The critical thing is as monsoons come 
in, how long does it take for new cash to come back to farmer and that's why a lot of people are 
saying that we should be very optimistic about the second half whereas the quarter one right now 
is a little disturbed because of election. Cash will not come back so quickly right now given they 
are coming off negative last 4-5 months of rabi output and so on. So, there is a lot of optimism 
about how second half can bounce back very strongly. So, it's too early to call, but April was 
better than what we thought and hopefully we will see a better than 5% growth as we go along. 
But it's too early to call as we always say. So, right now I think 5% will be a good starting point. 
But hopefully there will be more upside triggers to that than what we are taking on board. TREM 
5, it is 26. That's the current level of postponement. I mean, our sense is it's very unlikely to 
happen in 2026, very unlikely. So, of course if it were to happen in 26, there would be a huge 
upswing in 2025 volumes but I would not count on the 2026 implementation date certainly not 
the way it's envisaged with all models going into TREM 5 at the same time and all horsepower, 
but you're right that if that were to happen of course F25 will see a very big up. On the 3X0, let 
me try and give you a little more philosophical answer than a numeric answer. So, the way we've 
constructed the pricing is to actually think of attracting many different types of target segments. 
And if you went through our launch presentation, we took a lot of effort to kind of define, I think 
we did 6 or 5 segments finally. And each segment has a, there's a logic and a strategy built in 
and we balanced our portfolio almost equally, so we do want some variants to help migrate from 
down to up which is outside those 5 or 6 players that we spoke about so there is something in at 
the entry level as an upgrader from either a hatch or no car, so the one data that we have not out 
of the 50,000 but the first lot of inquiries and test drives that were going on is 25% no vehicle 
ownership out of the first lot of people 25% hatch. So, it's a very different and only 15% 
Mahindra ownership out of the first lot of customers coming in. So, we are attracting a very 
different audience. But we equally have a lot of excitement at the top and even anecdotally as 
you talk to people, Anish wants to book two for himself. So, he's not in that 50,000 yet. But there 
are many such people who want to buy either for spouses or older parents where you want to 
give them everything but they don't want a bigger they just don't want the benefit of size. And a 
good take away is that the words customers are using are either mini 700 or baby 700, these are 
the kind of words we are hearing back from customers. We've not used this anywhere in our 
communication, but customers are, as they're experiencing, us are playing this back. So, you do 
have the AX7, AX7L excitement as well because that's a very different customer. So, obviously 
you never get the model mix absolutely right and we'll kind of fine tune as we go along, but 
we've worked on a balance right now. I think early numbers are gasoline is 65%-70% and diesel 
is about 30%. I don't know the automatic you have. I don't have that number yet. So, this is the 
only one I have right now, automatic about 20. That's a very early number, so that's all I have to 
say. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thanks. Good to hear you're attracting newer customers. 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 27 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, that is how we've constructed the price, so that's why you have such a wide price band 
and you have such a complex variant mix, which is literally kind of saying we need a very strong 
diesel portfolio because the Mahindra loyalist in tier two, tier three cities will still stay with 
diesel. So, that is different from the category because that's still the Mahindra stronghold and 
XUV300 has a reasonable amount of diesel customers in tier 2, tier 3 towns. We need to protect 
that. So, we've kind of thought of this from multiple directions but we need a strong gasoline 
automatic for metros. So, we've kind of thought of trying to cover multiple segments using this 
very complicated brand strategy. 
Nitin Arora: 
Nitin from Axis Mutual Fund. Congratulations to the team. Though most questions have been 
answered on autos and the Farm. Just one question to you, Anish. Last year when we met here, 
you did investment in RBL Bank. It's now more than a year. Any further plans or hopefully that's 
the thing. But thank you for not going ahead after that in the whole year. So, just want to take 
on that. 
Anish Shah: 
Yes, I was waiting to see how much time would it be before that came up again. But as we said 
at that time, that was essentially a treasury investment with potentially a strategic option that 
may be exercised 7 to 10 years later. So, there's nothing else on the table from an RBL 
perspective at all. It's something that we will bring up 7 years later and see whether strategic 
option makes sense or not. And if not from a treasury standpoint, we've got good returns on it 
and we continue to get good returns is what we believe based on our assessment of the banking 
industry. So, it's something that maybe at the 7-year mark I can answer a little more clearly at 
that point. 
Nitin Arora: 
Great to hear that. Second on the trucks business, any thoughts now to sell it off or you think 
you can now turn it around much faster? Any thought process there on the truck side? 
Anish Shah: 
So, it's actually turned around well and it's moving well. I think we can do a lot more in that 
business. Hopefully give much stronger competition to some of the incumbents there. We're still 
small so we'll take some time to be able to get there. We're also manufacturing for defense 
armored vehicles and ALSPs and there's a good synergy between that and our defense 
manufacturing also. So, from that perspective that should help both the trucks business as well 
as the defense business as we look at getting more scale with that and we have just recently put 
those businesses under the same leader as well so that we can start leveraging some of the 
synergies going forward. So, we see this as a very good, very strong business. We see this as 
one that we can grow. It had been one in what we had put back there in category A in terms of 
businesses, we feel that we'll grow and we'll do well. And it's one that I think is on a solid path 
now. Rajesh, anything you want to add? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, so we're taking this step at a time and if I was to get more micro about this out of the entire 
dealer network, right now we are focused on just 40-50 key towns or key dealerships. So, we're 
taking a step at a time. So, we say 40 dealers, okay, what's the market share there? What do we 
need to do? Out of the 40 dealers, 12 of them have more than 10% market share. So, we are 
basically building share town by town at a time instead of kind of saying, okay, go across the 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 27 
country. Of course there are dealers, it's not like we don't have dealers in other towns, but 
management focus is going into very, very focused execution on ground picking, dealers step 
by step, building positivity amongst the rest of the dealers by demonstrating success. So, you 
know, there's a very calibrated execution plan on how to ramp this up and we are not in a hurry 
as Anish said, we know a lot of the financial parameters have turned around. We brought the 
breakeven in this business down very dramatically so we will get a lot of operating leverage as 
volumes go up. 
Nitin Arora: 
Thank you very much and all the best to you guys. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Gunjan, I'll come to you if I can just take one online as well and then to you. It's a tough question 
but it's a fair question to us so I'm going to pass it on to you, Anish. Mahindra Finance, every 
time it feels like things are going well, something comes up, repeated internal control lapses is 
how somebody categorized. Question by Chirag from White Pine Investment. Just what's your 
view? 
Anish Shah: 
So, let's look at what happened here. This was a collusion with 20 plus people, dealers included, 
a lot of documents forged, collection agents involved in it as well and as we looked at, as I said 
earlier, the entire portfolio and had to go loan by loan to show that the controls were strong 
across the country and the team actually came out fairly well, not fairly well, really well saying 
that there is no issue across the country. And they literally went through 10 lakh customers with 
the auditors and showed proof for every single of those 10 lakh customers in literally 3 to 5 days. 
So, that was the kind of effort that went into it. A lot more controls have been strengthened over 
the last few years. In fact, this also was essentially picked up by one of the folks on the team 
that, looked at data and said why are Nissan sales going up so much in Mizoram and that seems 
a little strange and that's how the team picked it up and got into it. While we have put in stronger 
controls for collusion, this is not something I would take as indicative of controls in Mahindra 
Finance. Overall, I think it's a very strong control mechanism. We had even reported a cyber 
incident where Mahindra Finance recovered literally without any losses and the entire recovery 
was done in a 2-day period. While this has happened to others in the industry, many others have 
been down for a long period of time for recovering. So, everything that's there has been set up 
well. There are various steps being taken to strengthen it even more because what we do realize 
in the financial services industry is that being good is not good enough. We've got to be 
outstanding and that's point of what we are driving the business to do now. But therefore as I 
said earlier, let that not foreshadow the fact that the business has delivered very well and despite 
the one fraud issue has really been able to bring losses down, has been able to grow assets under 
management and has been able to demonstrate a very strong control system and that's something 
we will just have to be able to show over time that we've got a lot more stability into this business 
than was there in the past. Whatever was there about the past is accurate and we had a fair amount 
of volatility there but a lot of that volatility has been cleaned out now. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Thank you Anish. Gunjan please go ahead. 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 27 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my question and congratulations for a great year. Anish, I had a question on 
the growth gems. There's a pretty aggressive scalar plan articulated for most of these companies. 
Now, if you look at the entire portfolio, which are the companies you would say are clearly are 
on the path of turnaround and you feel most confident about? And there was also maybe almost 
two years back, you spoke about the unlocking opportunities in that part of the Group. Can you 
just share where are we on that journey? 
Anish Shah: 
Sure, Gunjan. So, let me start with Susten. As I said earlier, Susten's won 2 gigawatts of bids 
this year after having a very disciplined process for bidding which we inherited or was brought 
in by Ontario teachers based on their global experience. And there have been some bids we've 
lost by one paisa as well, but we've been fine with that saying we like the discipline around it 
because the returns are important. The reason I say that is we still got 2 gigawatts after all of 
that. And the business is looking at potentially a 7 to 10x growth over the next 5 years. I'd say 
more 7x, let me not sort of talk about 10x right now, but at least a 7x growth. So, that's very 
much on the path. Holidays, which Manoj will take over soon has very high expectations. In 
fact, soon means now at the end of this meeting. It has very high expectations for growth. The 
demand is extremely high. We've shown the ability to deliver very well in terms of family 
vacations. And this is a business we want to invest in a lot more. So, the 5,000-crore investment 
we saw in services, that is a good amount that's allocated for Holidays because occupancy rates 
are high. The demand from customers is very high. We can deliver very well in this space. So, 
that's one that we see with a clear 5x growth path. Logistics is a business that executed poorly 
last year, that has picked up on execution very well this year right now. It's in an industry that is 
going to show tremendous growth in India. As we look at the Viksit Bharat goals and where 
manufacturing in India is going to grow, logistics is going to be a key player in that space and 
that's a space that we will look at making more investments and we do see a 5x growth being 
very much achievable for logistics. Real estate has very strong momentum right now. We need 
to be able to, the business has actually done very well also and that's one where we will continue 
to invest into grow their business. The market cap has risen quite substantially for real estate, so 
on a very solid path. CLPL, which is classic legends, has a very good set of products. And you 
will see a lot more coming in from that stable over the next few months. And therefore, that 
business today has had some hiccups in the past, which have been corrected now and is on a 
good path. And that's one, again, where we've got external investors in. And for us as well as the 
external investors who come in, we are looking at a very significant growth in that business as 
well. Our Aerostructures business is a small business today but the kind of accolades that we 
have got from Airbus and some of the other OEMs is very good. The business has been set up 
very well, very strong from a delivery standpoint, a quality standpoint and therefore we are 
bringing in a lot more orders into that business as well. Defense, which is focused on 
transportation, we are looking at a lot more from an armored vehicle standpoint. The MOU that 
we've signed with Embraer for the medium transport aircraft, that can actually grow defense 
50x, not just 5x. We may not have the exact number, but somewhere pretty high compared to 
5x. So, that's again a business that would do well. That would not require a lot of capital because 
the way it's structured usually capital sort of brought in advance and it may not require a lot of 
capital in that sense. So, we see across the growth gems, one's doing very well. Accelo is focused 
on decarbonizing the auto industry. It needs a faster growth rate right now. We don't see a 5x 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 27 
growth rate for Accelo at this point in time. That's what we're working on to say how can we get 
it to that level while all the others are there. But Accelo is also among the larger ones among 
everything else because Accelo has profits today of about Rs. 250 crores or somewhere in that 
range. So, it's among the larger ones. That's probably going to be the first towards unlocking in 
terms of going to the capital markets. But beyond Accelo, last mile mobility will also likely go 
to capital markets in terms of an IPO. And farm machinery is one that we talked about 32% 
growth this year versus the 35%-36% growth last year. We feel we can do a lot more in farm 
machinery. And that's one that, again, we will put in more investments in that and we feel that 
that business can grow significantly. So, overall we got a good portfolio there that is growing 
well overall. There are some businesses that are not quite at the 5x mark as I mentioned, but they 
are very well positioned in what they're doing right now and we should be able to on balance get 
much more a target for this group overall. We had shown this last year and we probably can 
show it at one of the next analyst meet as to how it's grown. It has grown from roughly about 0.8 
billion collectively in terms of market cap in F20 to 3.4 collectively in F23 and that number is 
high right now, I don't know exactly what that number is but we want that 3.4 to go to 17 billion 
by the time we get to fiscal 30. So, we are looking at a significant growth in the growth gems 
overall and we are on path for that. I wouldn't expect a lot of profits in terms of growth gems 
every year because it will be investments that will translate into profits later, which is why you 
may see a slightly muted growth number for profits there but it's one that we're looking at 
creating the business, setting them up well and thereby being able to drive growth for the next 
decade for us. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
The second question Rajesh I had was on the auto business. Now lot of questions have been 
answered just 3X0 capacity. Now we've seen that with many launches, day one huge response 
and you know congratulations on that but I think it just makes the customer wait for longer. So, 
what is the thought process on the capacity for 3X0? Is it similar to what it was for XUV300? If 
you can share that. And also on the BEV product positioning, a lot of it will start coming from 
next year onwards. How are we thinking about the customer set there? Is it trying to get people 
who have bought Mahindra cars in last couple of years, they sort of upgrade to it? Is it going to 
be very premium positioning because you said it's more about wow factor. So, just little bit color 
around the positioning of BEV portfolio? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, on the 3X0 Gunjan, we are very mindful that this segment is not going to have waiting time. 
I mean, it's, you know, first time buyer when they want a car, they want a car, nobody's going to 
wait. Definitely not wait many months, right? So, that's something which is we are very alive to 
the nature of this segment which may be different than the nature of a Thar buyer where it's 
okay, you know, it's like something you want, you don't mind waiting to get it, you're not going 
to buy anything else because there's nothing else like it. So, we're very mindful of that. We have 
already produced more than 10,000 vehicles as we get into right now. So, we already have 
inventory. We will start delivering from 26th of this month. We did say that the capacity we 
have is 9000 a month, which is higher than the XUV300 capacity. That was part of that 49,000 
to 55,000 that you saw on that slide. So, we said we have 9000 and with the very short lead time 
and a very minimal investment, it can go up to 10,500. So, right now that's what we are in 
preparation for. Of course, if the numbers go higher than that, at the moment we are not prepared 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
for but it's not something that we can't get going with the point of time. So, that's on the 3X0 
piece, does that answer what you have in mind? But Gunjan, very mindful that in this segment 
if the wait periods are very high, we'll have a reasonable dropout rate and which is why we will 
have to keep momentum on ground going by way of demand because it can't be a static customer 
list. If you're not delivering, they're going to drop out and buy something else. That's pretty clear 
to us. On the BEV positioning, I'm going to try to avoid defining it by way of Mahindra customer 
or not. I would rather put it as attitude or a psychographic definition which is around people who 
want to stand out, do things differently, experience new things and definitely are hungry for 
experiencing the latest tech and this product is going to come with tech which is unseen in 
vehicles of way higher price points. It's going to be something which is really path breaking by 
way of getting new tech. So, we think that's why we say it's going to be a wow product. We have 
been getting customers who are buying Mahindra ICE with the similar profile buy and large. So, 
in a way that would play out. Ideally for us we don't want a Mahindra current customer to 
necessarily move to, people who we couldn't succeed in getting so far with the same 
psychographic mindset is what we are hoping we will get to BEV. So, then it's a win-win-win. 
Of course there may be some cannibalization but we think that there is enough untapped 
opportunity for a vehicle of this type which we have not been able to leverage so far with even 
the XUV700. This is quantum leap over XUV700. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Manoj, a question for you from online. I'll come to you in a second. Request to see if it is possible 
to start reporting the financial services debt gross and net separate so that it's easy to understand 
the debt number for the group ex financial services. 
Manoj Bhat: 
I think we can do that easily. So, I think we will implement it and maybe Amar you will 
implement it  
Amarjyoti Barua: 
I took an action for myself. Thank you for that. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Gupta: 
This is Sonal Gupta from HSBC Mutual Fund. So, two questions around EVs. One was on the 
last mile mobility, so you've talked about, you've seen a good ramp up on the three wheelers, 
and you mentioned that L5 is still only 11%. So, how much of your volume is coming from the 
L5? And secondly, I mean, more importantly, how are we looking at that category in terms of, 
because I think that's a lower portion of our volume. So, what are the ramp up plans there? 
Because I think now we're seeing more, I mean, other major OEMs also getting into the space. 
Rajeev Goyal: 
Between EV, 3-wheeler, L5 versus non-L5 is 65% to 70%. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Okay sure and just in terms of like ramp up like we've raised money also, so how are we looking 
at that and in terms of capacity also right? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah so we've raised money as you know we have 600 from one investor and 400 now from the 
other, so Rs. 1000 crores. We have aggressive growth plans, so there is work happening on new 
gen platform and new completely new products for the future. We are also investing in capacity 
at Zaheerabad plant, which is part basically existing auto plant, a lot of the auto products we 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 27 
moved out, we used to make camper there which is moved to another auto plant, Haridwar. And 
this will become primarily an electric three-wheeler plant by and large, the Zaheerabad auto 
plant. So, all the investment around what we are doing on electric three-wheelers in future is 
primarily happening there. They continue to get some product from Bangalore factory and from 
the Haridwar factory which is more like the Alfa type of products from Haridwar. So, really all 
the investment is going in creating capacity, product and all in the Zaheerabad ecosystem. Did I 
answer your question? 
Sonal Gupta: 
But what's the sort of capacity looking at? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, as we said right now, this category is at 11% penetration. Over the next few years without 
defining what that is but in the foreseeable future we think that category penetration should go 
to 40% to 50% which would mean a very significant increase now. When that is happening, we 
do expect market share will come down because there is already one new competitor and we 
believe that together we will get growth momentum going so we would expect market share to 
moderate to a reasonable level, but quantum growth in volumes is what we would expect. 
Sonal Gupta: 
My second question again on the EV side is now as we get closer to the BEV launch as well 
right and the agreement announcement with VW was announced a few days after the previous 
concall. So, just wanted to get some clarity in terms of where all are we collaborating with VW 
and their platform, the MEB platform and what are we trying, I mean like what things are we 
localizing ourselves and what are we doing? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, we are not buying the platform, just to clarify that we have said this earlier too, our agreement 
with them is to buy components of the MEB platform that is very different than the construct 
they have with some other OEM where the platform MEB platform as it is being used by another 
OEM. In our construct, we are not locked into the platform. What we are buying from them is 
cells and motors and a few other components. The cell to module and module to pack is our IP 
and is being done by us and we are localizing that. So, the whole localization is being done by 
us. What we are getting from them are the cells primarily and the motors. And there's a thought 
process on how do we localize motor. We also announced that we have an alternate motor 
supplier. You may have read that some months back, Value. And Value will be localizing the 
motor. 
Sonal Gupta: 
So, Value is doing the motor with the E-Axle in the power electronics. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, we have two types of motors, VW motor and a Value motor, depending on the variant. 
Sonal Gupta: 
And the power electronics will be separate? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Separate, yeah. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Hi, this is Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Two questions. If I look at your new launches, you 
have talked about 7 BEVs, and you have talked about 6 new ICE SUVs as well, right. So, that 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 27 
implies that you will have almost a 17, 18 model or nameplate kind of a product portfolio. So, 
do we have enough gap to kind of address to have that bigger product portfolio? And my second 
question is, this time you haven't talked around exports, you only had big plans but didn't have 
capacity, so if you can throw some light around, how do you see exports ramping up over the 
next 3 years? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Also maybe your two questions may be interlinked too, because when you're talking about gap, 
some of the ICE products we are developing may be more export focused as well. So, the answer 
to that question is yes. There is an ICE portfolio that's getting developed, there's a BEV portfolio 
that's getting developed. That's part of how we do want to drive globalization over the next 6-7 
years. Like we've said, we'll do that in a very calibrated way without being reckless. We'll take 
our time market by market and build it, but we do need the products which are going to be 
globally competitive. So, some of these will be going towards that. When we say new product, 
new ICE product what we mean is it may be replacing an existing ICE product but it's on a 
totally new platform. So, then we are calling it a new product and not a mid-cycle refresh. But 
it may be replacing slots which we are today holding in our portfolio. Does that help? 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
I had a question online from Nagraj Chandrasekhar. This is for you, Anish, as well as to Manoj 
in his new role. Holidays, do you see the current business model of vacation ownership 
sustainable and if not, what can they expect? Would we be moving to a normal hotel model or 
to a point based model? Your thoughts? 
Anish Shah: 
I'll take that and not put Manoj on the spot a few minutes before he starts the new role. So, we 
will look at all options. What we know right now is the feedback from our customers that go to 
our resorts is very, very positive. They love being at our resorts. And we can deliver very strong 
family vacations for consumers in India. We do see some challenges from customers who may 
not be able to get bookings at times because there are, if everyone wants a booking in Goa in 
December, everyone cannot get a booking for Goa in December, whether it's a timeshare model 
or whether it's any hotel model. If any of us were to try to get a booking on 5th December for 
Goa, for 20th of December, we will likely not get it because everything will be full. So, what 
we're looking at right now is all options saying we add to a timeshare model. I think it's a good 
model. We have 300,000 customers. It's actually doing very well. So, it's not one that we would 
sort of reject or put away. But the question is what can we add to it? And how can we add to it 
in a way where it leverages the strengths we have at the same time pulls in another set of 
customers, customers that may not want to have a 25-year commitment. And those are the 
questions and discussions that we will have over the next few months and then have Manoj come 
back and answer that question very specifically saying here is exactly what we're doing. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Alright, so just another question before I come back to the audience here. Anish, this is for you 
specifically. You talked about M&A as a strategic tool. This is from Jinesh from Ambit. What 
would you be open to and what would you say is a strictly no-go area? 
Anish Shah: 
So, Jinesh, what we've done over the last 3 years is not going to change. We're going to continue 
doing that. What it exactly means is that if there's an M&A that will help further our growth 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 24 of 27 
strategy in any of our core businesses or our growth that include, let me say for any of our core 
businesses which includes auto and farm, we capitalized market leadership which includes Tech 
Mahindra and Mahindra Finance for unlocking and which includes our Growth Gems. For any 
of these, if we see certain acquisitions that can help further our growth plans, can help add more 
capabilities, that's something we will do. But we will do it in a way where we can deliver on 
what we said in that acquisition and be able to deliver the returns from that acquisition. In 
addition to that, Jinesh, you and many others have asked about what happens outside the current 
footprint as well. This is an area now given the growth that we've seen and the benefits we've 
seen across our businesses including services. We will look at potentially one new area of 
growth. We have been looking at that frankly for the last two years but we haven't been able to 
get something that we say this really makes sense. So, if we don't get something we can say it 
really makes sense, we won't do anything. If we do, then we will look at one potential new area 
where we can leverage the Mahindra brand, where we feel we can deliver significant returns to 
our shareholders and that's something that we will do at that point in time. But as I said again, it 
has to be something that really makes sense where we can deliver the returns and if that's the 
case, we will come back with one new area beyond our current footprint. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Hi, this is Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC. Just one question again on electric vehicles. So, 
Rajesh, you mentioned that there are not enough good EV models in the market. Is that the only 
reason we are stuck in terms of penetration? The reason I'm asking is in the next two years, I 
think bulk of the capacity addition is in EVs. I think of the 22,000, 18,000, 19,000 is just EVs 
for you so which means after this year bulk of the volumes you are expecting to come from EVs. 
So, in the next 6 to 12 months, do you expect some kind of inflection point in the way customers 
look at EVs and there will be lot better acceptance for EVs? 
Anish Shah: 
Yogesh, I'm not sure I completely understood. So, are you taking the capacity expansion slide 
and then interpreting that to work out the mix of EV and ICE? Is that how you are approaching 
it? Yeah, so I just, you know, qualification that I don't know if I remember, if I made it right 
now, I did make it in the earlier deck. So, let me just put that out as a clarification. So, the cash 
outflow that we have shown includes investment in ICE capacity, which goes beyond F26. So, 
the ICE capacity doesn't stay like this till F30. So, we not, because some of the investments we 
will make in ICE capacity will not come in the F26 timeline, they will come beyond the F26 
timeline. So, that's why it's not on the chart. So, I'm not sure you will be able to work out the 
way you... 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
49 goes to 72 and that includes 18,000 for you. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
That's correct, but 49 goes to 55. Now the beyond 55 is not coming till within the F26 timeline, 
right. So, the cash outflow includes capacity investments for ICE which capacity for which will 
come beyond F26. But since we've shown you only capacity of F26, you're not seeing the ICE 
capacity of beyond F26 come out in that number, but the cash flow includes ICE capacities 
which goes beyond F26. So, I should have made that clarification. I did make it in the media 
meeting, but I think I forgot. In my rush to save time, forgot to say that. 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 25 of 27 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
So, this is not reflective of the EV mix? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
It is not reflective of the EV mix beyond F26. 
Ashish Jain: 
This is Ashish from Macquarie. So, my question is on the EV CAPEX. So, last time we had 
spoken about Rs. 6000 crores of EV CAPEX bid from 25 to 27 and that number is now Rs. 
12,000 crores. So, where is that jump coming from apart from maybe the capacity that we spoke 
about because the product outlook has not changed. We were talking about 6-7 back anyways in 
the past as well. So, that's first. And secondly, if I look at the core tractor margins adjusted for 
the one-off we had in 3Q, quarter-on-quarter actually core tractor margins are flat. This is in 
spite of sharp decline in volumes that we have seen sequentially. So, what's driving that margin 
support we are seeing this quarter? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
On the first question, which is around on the way we're thinking about BEVs, Manoj correct me 
if I'm wrong, but the 6000 was not for the 25 to 27 cycle. This is the first time we are putting our 
25 to 27. 
Manoj Bhat: 
No, I think they are referring to the two-year-old. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
But I was referring to 25 to 26….. 
Manoj Bhat: 
Maybe I can clarify. So, obviously during the course of the events, the number of models etc. 
have gone up, but we have never talked about the next year, next 3 years CAPEX. So, I think 
that's the disconnect. The number when we originally talked about, didn't talk about because we 
have added more models now as we talked about the whole thing and the capacity is also adding. 
So, Rajesh, the difference is when we talked about it then, it was 4000 is what we have spent 
already and another 6000 is and that 6000 how does this go to 12 and what is driving it? 
Anish Shah: 
The initial estimate was 10,000, which is what we had put out and of that initial estimate, 4000 
has been spent and you're right in saying that 6000 would be spent. At that point in time, we 
haven't finalized the entire model mix nor the exact timeline for that 10,000. And there were 
questions, in fact in a prior analyst meet saying is this enough for EV that you're going to need 
more for EV and at that point, we had said that, yes, we will come back with the 25 to 27 outlook 
at the end of this fiscal year. And now, having gone through that in detail, the estimate for the 
next 3 years is 12,000 in addition to the 4000 that we had. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Sorry for not getting Ashish your question correctly. So, what happens in the 25 to 27 cycle is 
you're also having cash out for the next wave of products, which is 27 to 30 because you start 
work on products which are going to come out in 27 to 30 cycle as well, right? It's not a discrete 
point. So, some work has been happening for the last 2-3 years which some of those products 
you will see in the 25 to 27 cycle. Likewise, you will start spending some money as cash flow, 
they don't get capitalized for products which will come in the 27 to 30 cycle, right. So, in a way 
what you are seeing is a rollover of 2 phases. So, one phase which started a couple of years back 
and you will see the products come out in this cycle, but you will still have a cash outflow 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 26 of 27 
because you still going to launch them over the next year and a half or two and then you are 
having a spend in the 25 to 27 cycle for products which will come out in the whatever 28 to 30 
cycle. And that is why you see more products here than the three or four, which will come out 
right now. And of course there is some for capacity as well. 
Ashish Jain: 
And also the core tractor margins, if you can say? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, so what I've heard you say on the core tractor margin is that the margins have been at a 
good level in spite of the volume going down, is that and what enabled that is that the question? 
Some times when things go well, you have to explain, so we had the same set of questions on 
the board that okay, so what did you do? So, there I answered by saying that's the secret sauce. 
But I think I can't get away with that. I think what we tend to do, Ashish is you know one of the 
key success factors in the tractor industry and that's why we show the stability and volatility kind 
of slide because the ability of the business to respond to up cycle and down cycle. So, I'm just 
answering it a little more holistically. When there is an up cycle, then you are going to ramp up 
your production very quickly. Get going, galvanize the supply chain. All of that and also up 
marketing so that you fully leverage the growth opportunity that will be lying in front of you and 
when you're seeing a down cycle, you will have to shrink your supply chain, get your suppliers 
into kind of okay, we're cutting back production for a little bit, but you also take some of the 
costs out which you don't need to spend in a down cycle period, right? So, we try to do this 
balancing and on top of that, I think quarter 4 commodity prices on the tractor side have been 
benign. That has helped. Rubber went up now which will see some effect of that in quarter one, 
but overall commodity prices for tractors were pretty benign as well in quarter 4, which helped 
the margin. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Viraj from SiMPL. Just two questions. First is on the realization especially on the tractor side, 
we are seeing a very healthy bump up, so anything happening there and second is on the farm 
machinery business. I think the earlier communication was in the next 4 to 5 years, you are 
looking to close to 4000-5000 crores in scale now even their approach was initially we will be 
okay with aggressive pricing. We're looking to making a sizable investment. So, on a 900 crores 
sales maybe around Rs. 200 crores of EBIT losses. So, you think the products which we are 
supplying, are they are at a sizable scale where you now see them turning into a profitable scale, 
so. 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Anish will give it a shot, and then I can add him. We're giving ourselves a window to make 
money of 2 to 3 years. It's not a very long period, it's not CAPEX intensive at all. So, it's basically 
some of the loss funding is going into getting the right pricing for some of the key markets. As 
we get success, we already beginning to sort of build that price back into the equation, the losses 
are lesser than what you said for the year that went by. So, I'm just clarifying that we're not lost 
as much money as you think we are losing. Your original point was are we seeing a path to that 
level of growth. I mean, of course that's what we are gunning for. And I remember in one of the 
analyst meet saying if we don't do 40% growth in F24, we'll be very disappointed. And I do say 
that we are disappointed that we didn't do 40% growth. We ended up with 32 odd percent. But 
it was a very difficult year from a marketplace standpoint. We know that seeing what happened 

 
M&M Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 27 of 27 
to the tractor industry. So, as tractor and machinery industry overall picks up, which we are 
hoping will start again from F25, we should see a very good momentum in farm machinery and 
our ability to get better prices already going up. Our path is maybe in a year and a half or two 
we should start making money in this, you will still not get the margins at the level that we have 
on tractor that's going to take a while, but if you look at the profit pool of some of the farm 
machinery players who are doing reasonably okay on scale, it is not that bad. They're all double 
digit, they're all double-digit margin players. The data is available for the 2-3 key players who 
are out there, so the profit pool in the industry is not bad at all. It's just that we need to go through 
a path of scale up given that there's a huge opportunity for us and we need to leverage our right 
to win and have that space, so we'll need to make an investment on pricing for a couple of years 
to get there. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
On realizations? 
Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Realizations of tractor or? 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Q4, we saw a good bump up. I think in a way that was the previous question as well, which is. 
So, we did take some price increase, mix improved and we had a little benign commodity 
outlook, which helped the margin. 
Anish Shah: 
Just one other thing, I'll add to it is farm machinery, while we've talked about it broadly as one 
category, has multiple categories within that and it's about scale in every category. And we will 
continue to refine it further as we go forward. So, rotavators, for example, we're now at a 21% 
market share, which is a very significant increase from the sub 10% market share we had when 
we started this exercise. And that starts with having the right product, the right product, the right 
price point, in some cases distribution that's different from our farm dealerships as well. 
Similarly, harvesters is a category that we're targeting now and in the current crop cycle, we 
should see a much greater share for harvesters. So, we are picking specific categories and starting 
to create scale in those categories. And as you build scale, when you start getting a much better 
pricing, rotavators for example, a 21% market share is not enough. The basic question we have 
is in each category, why can we not get to a 40% market share that we have in tractors. So, that's 
what we're driving. As we drive that, that category will start giving results for us. 
Amarjyoti Barua: 
Great. Alright, so I have two additional items just to closeout this evening. So, first of all, just a 
reminder, 14th of June is our investor day, I can assure you it's not going to be presentations the 
whole day. You're going to see some of these amazing products we talked about. There is a tech 
showcase plan which is going to show you both BEVs, OJA many of the exciting products that 
we talked about today as well as in our growth gems. Some of the ways we are using technology 
etc. You will also get a lot of time to ask questions of our leaders. So, there's dedicated time by 
business to ask questions. So, I just want to encourage again, whoever is not registered to just 
please register for that event. And then the last thing is just I want to thank Manoj, it's as Anish 
mentioned his last day as CFO and next time he'll be answering the questions as the CEO. So, 
congratulations to him and thank you for all these years. With that, thank you very much. There 
are refreshments and I would welcome everybody. Please join us there. Thank you. 
