                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
CIN NO. L24231 HP1984PLC006028 
Corp. Off.: 2nd Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Park, Udyog Vihar-III, Sector-20, Gurugram, Haryana-122016, INDIA 
TEL.: +91 124 4892000, E-mail: corporate@morepen.com, Website: www.morepen.com 
 
Regd. Off.: Morepen Village, Malkumajra, Nalagarh Road, Baddi, Distt. Solan (H.P.) -173205, INDIA 
Tel.: +91 1795 266401-03, 244590, Fax: +91 1795 244591, E-mail: plants@morepen.com 
 
Date: 28/05/2024 
 
  
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol: MOREPENLAB 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500288
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call – Q4 FY 24 
 
Reference: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find attached transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized on Wednesday, 
22nd May 2024 at 1.00 P.M. (IST) subsequent to declaration of audited consolidated and 
standalone financial results for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2024. 
 
The said transcript is being placed on the website of the company i.e.,  
www.morepen.com 
 
Kindly take aforesaid on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Morepen Laboratories Limited  
  
 
Vipul Kumar Srivastava 
Company Secretary 
F-12148 
 
Encl.: a/a. 
 
Vipul 
Kumar 
Srivastava
Digitally signed 
by Vipul Kumar 
Srivastava 
Date: 2024.05.28 
19:02:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 32 
 
 
 
“Morepen Laboratories Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUSHIL SURI – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY KUMAR SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. NISHANT DOSHI – VICE PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS, MOREPEN 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. VIPUL KUMAR SRIVASTAVA – COMPANY SECRETARY 
& COMPLIANCE OFFICER, MOREPEN LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TUSHAR MANUDHANE – MOTILAL OSWAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 32 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Morepen Laboratories 
Limited Q4 FY24 Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Manudhane. 
Tushar Manudhane: Thank you. Good afternoon and I welcome you all for the 4th Quarter FY24 
Earnings Call of Morepen Labs hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
From the management side, we have Mr. Sushil Suri - Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Ajay Kumar Sharma - Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Nishant 
Doshi - Vice President, Corporate Finance and Investor Relations and Mr. 
Vipul Kumar Srivastava - Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, Sir, 
over to the management for the opening remarks. 
Sushil Suri: 
Good afternoon, this is Sushil Suri – CMD of the Company.  
Ajay Sharma: 
Good afternoon, Ajay this side. 
Vipul Srivastava:   
Good afternoon, Vipul this side from Morepen. 
Nishant Doshi: 
Good afternoon, Nishant Doshi from Morepen. 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes Mr. Tushar, should we start? 
Tushar Manudhane: Yes, Sir. Please. 
Sushil Suri: 
 A formal warm welcome to all the participants who are there on the call today, 
and of course it is a nice afternoon. I am sure that most of you might have gone 
through the results by now we had shared to the stock exchanges and the 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 32 
website yesterday, so I know that I am sitting in front of the computer, so I 
have access on the numbers, but please forgive me if I am talking too many 
numbers. But quarter as a whole, it was an outstanding performance for the 
quarter, but year as a whole also, the Company has done pretty well. Since it 
is the Annual Result, in the annual thing we discussed the Company as a whole 
also, but on the quarterly basis, these are just pure simple numbers.  
Just to appraise the participants who are joining with these types of calls for 
the first time, we have primarily 2 type of business segments. One is Medical 
Devices, and one is the bulk drugs of APIs which are what we call. So, 80% of 
the revenue comes from medical devices and APIs and API of course, is our 
traditional business, our old business, which is our cash cow and the Company 
started from this API only. Medical devices is relatively new, when you say 
relatively new still almost 20 years old now, but medical devices is the fastest 
growing business in the Company. When back in 2015, 2016 2017, we have 
Rs. 500-Rs. 600 crores Company, medical devices is only 13% of the revenue, 
but now medical devices 26%, more than 26% of the revenue. This is growing 
much faster. The Company last 7 years has grown with the CAGR of 16%. 
CAGR is compounded annual growth rate. The company has grown at a CAGR 
of 16%, but medical devices has outsmart and grown at CAGR of 28% year-
on-year. So, that is why I am saying it is the fastest growing segment within 
the Morepen this thing. 
And when you say in little more specific, when you say medical devices, we 
are talking primarily of the home medical devices. We are into point of care 
medical devices. Point of care is used in hospitals also sometimes, you have 
some patient monitors and other things which are used on the bed side of the 
patient. But we are specialized in home diagnostics. And we have built a 
beautiful brand Dr. Morepen around customer service and around more 
consumer awareness, more one-on-one interaction with the customers. So, we 
sell our goods directly to over 3000 distributors all over the country. And of 
course, network of more than 125,000 retailers. So, we have more consumer 
Company than a typical diagnostics Company and we are not into testing and 
other that stuff. We are in device. That is why we always call it a device. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 32 
The second business, of course, is Bulk Drugs in APIs, which is the established 
business giving good cash flows and growing at its own good speed. Between 
these two, 80% then we have a range of Formulations and OTC product which 
is typical in any pharma Company, but medical devices has been our unique 
positioning. 
Moving specifically to the so-called key positioning of the Company, the key 
achievements what we have been able to do, in both, in medical devices, we 
have two leading products, BP Monitor and Gluco Monitor. One is a glucose 
monitoring machine and wherein you buy the meter and then you buy the 
Strips, one is the blood pressure monitor. We are the market leaders in both the 
products, and we are manufacturing it in-house. In-house means these are 
manufactured at our factory, and these are manufactured from basic bare PCB 
that is a full assembly line for that. I will come to that later and within API, we 
are category leaders in 6 API products. So, I don't want to confuse you the 
name, but just to mention these are Loratadine, Desloratadine, Montelukast, 
and there are three more products where we are third and fourth. So, there are 
6 products where we are market leaders. So, all APIs are exported around 68% 
of the business in the API is from export, hard currency, dollar export to 
advanced country regulated markets and of course the Company has been 
consistently growing both in topline and bottomline. With the help of the 
internal cash accrual, the Company has been able to clear all its old debts with 
all the banks and in whatever structured way it was. We are a net free 
Company. That is negligible debt. When you say negligible debt means you 
are simple car loans and other thing. Rather, we have fixed deposits in the bank, 
which are sometimes used for the overdraft facility, it is around 35 to 44 Crores 
of fixed deposit. So, we are a debt-free Company. 
So, as we talk, we are celebrating the 40th year of our journey and we proudly 
say that we have entered into the 40th year with more energy, more agility and 
a more performance-oriented approach. We are making more and more 
dedicated system in the Company; then how do we improve our performance 
and how do we better our profitability. That was the broad thing. 
Coming specifically to the operational performance: 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 32 
During this year, the revenue has grown by 20%. From Rs. 14,24 crores, we 
have grown to Rs. 17,04 crores, so almost 20%, 19.97% percent, 20% growth 
in the annual revenue. On a quarterly basis also, the revenue has grown 16.5% 
for the Q4. So, consistently for the 9 months also, there was an increase and 
this year as a whole is 20% increase. And just to update you that last year, the 
year was not so good, but because post COVID, there was a lot of inventory in 
the markets and the markets were a bit slower. Now, there is a good come back 
and the fresh buying has started. And particularly in medical devices because 
it is more primarily based in India, so we have better access and better controls. 
So, the comeback and the rollback is much faster. Medical Devices have grown 
by 35%, API business has grown by 14%. Some countries are still shying away 
and of course, on the positive side, last couple of years, import prices, 
particularly from China were disturbed and rather they were higher than 
expected. But now the import prices have also softened, and our margins have 
increased in the last 3-4 quarters, we are happy to announce that of course, you 
can see the face of it that the Company's overall productivity and margins have 
gone up. EBITDA of the Company, which is earning before interest, 
depreciation and of course the taxation, so it has doubled more than 101% 
increase from Rs. 85 crores EBITDA last year we have almost Rs. 173 crores 
EBITDA, 172.6 and the profit after tax also is 150% on a average, 2.5 times 
from Rs. 38 crores to almost Rs. 97 crores, So, 39 crores to 97 crores annual 
PAT has gone up, so almost 150% increase. 
And as I shared that, we are a debt free Company, so whatever is annual 
EBITDA almost same is the cash generation. So, with Rs. 83 crores cash 
generation, this year we have Rs. 168 crores of cash generation, which is 
almost 100% up. So, we are seeing that whatever the temporary dip was there 
in the last year, so we have covered quarter after quarter. It has took it little 
longer than usual, but we are very comfortable with the margins profile now. 
So, if we go specifically to the segment wise, as I shared that our main lead 
segment is the fastest growing segment is Medical Devices. So, within medical 
devices, our BP monitor and Gluco monitor are two products. Glucose monitor 
as per the industry report, we have 19% market share and of course, the 
competition may be almost similar or less, but in our actual Strip supplies or 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 32 
regular quarter to quarter sales, we are leading. And similarly, in case of BP 
monitor, we have 18% market share as done by the industry report. Both these 
products are manufactured in-house and we started production back in 2015 
and of course earlier these were imported and Glucometers and BP monitors, 
both are manufactured from the bare PCB. So, when you say bare PCB, it 
means this is a plastic sheet and after that we do the moulding. There are 
sophisticated automatic machines which are used to do the moulding of the 
registers and all that electronic parts over it. And facilities are not just 
temporary facilities. These are approved by international based auditors or ISO 
13485, which is a global standard for medical devices. And of course, as we 
speak, medical regulation guidelines are being tightened day and night, every 
month-on-month and we are happy to see that the small traders and small 
manufacturers who just start something and flow something like in COVID 
time, many people have come. So, those things are going out. So, we are happy 
that our facilities are better and controlled and approved by the international 
facilities. Other than BP monitor and Gluco monitors, we have thermometers, 
we have pregnancy kits, we have ortho supports, weighing scales, oximeters, 
stethoscopes, but all said and done 95% of the revenue come from Glucose 
monitor and BP monitor. Glucose Monitor is the main product. If we talk of 
the total revenues, revenue last year was Rs. 327 crores and now this year it 
has touched Rs. 443 crores. There is a 35% increase in the annual revenue of 
the Medical Devices business. 
On a quarterly basis, also Q4 is little slower than the last three quarters, even 
in the 4th Quarter, there is a 28% increase in the annual revenue of this division. 
And on a quarter-on-quarter basis, there is 28% jump and 35% over there. And 
as we are entered already this Q1 of next year, so we are already facing the 
shortages of the products and capacity constraints because the demand has 
picked up and the pace is to be maintained. So, we are trying to do more and 
more backward integration and control the supply chain. With the 35% 
increase in one year doesn't mean that it is peak, even year before in FY 22 also 
we were Rs. 428 crores. So, this number is very comfortable and if we keep 
growing at similar trends, so we see a lot of upside within this business. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 32 
Coming specifically to the Glucometer that I shared the maximum business 
within this trade out of Rs. 447 crores, Rs. 342 crore is coming from 
Glucometers and the Strip field. Here, I would like to share with all the 
participants that the way this model is working is that this is more like a if you 
know that printer cartridge model, we have to first sell the meters and then after 
that we continue selling the Strips. So, here the more and more meters we sell 
in the market, so more and more Strip customers we are generating. So, we 
keep investing behind the meters and we create start cards, they keep creating 
new and new customers. Over period of last 10 years, more so in the last 4-5 
years, we have been able to install 1.16 crores, 11.6 million meters in the 
market. So, that is like our customer base. We have a customer base of 11.6 
million meters, which is 1.16 crores. And on those meters, people use regularly 
and repeat buying, it is more like the insurance. It is more like I would say 
regular income and we sell 36 crores Strips. Last year, we sold 36 crores Strips 
on the basis of this 1.16 crore meters, already in the market. So, number of 
meters sold has more than doubled in last three years. And similarly, the 
number of Strips sold has also doubled in the last three years, so the more 
meters we installed, more Strips we keep on selling and that is the business 
model. We keep investing and keep reaping the harvest also. As we are talking 
by end of March this year, we had sold more than 1.5 billion Strips, which is 
almost 150 crores more than the population of India, but that is a cumulative 
number. But that is just statistics. But on average, we sell 35 crores Strips and 
this year we are expecting maybe go up to  40 crores Strips, maybe more. So, 
the whole idea here is to acquire a customer, keep the customer happy and 
satisfied. So, we have a full-service team available all over the country. There 
are Company owned service centers and all the retailers and our sales team 
also. They double up as sales wraps and we provide a lifetime of free 
replacement of the meters in case there is any problem, no question is asked, 
because we are here for the customer service and going ahead the way the 
world is changing, so any Company who has more or better relation or contact 
with the customer, he would be giving. So, that is the way we have created this 
consumer brand that what the whole philosophy and ideology of Dr. Morepen 
is that we create long term relationship with the customers and Glucose 
monitor is one of the examples that once you have a meter every day, every 
time whenever you are checking your sugar levels. So, you would always keep 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 32 
in mind and once you are a customer for Glucose monitor then it will easy and 
comfortable buying the same another product from the same Company, so most 
of the time the customer is same the guy who has sugar problem, they have BP 
problem also, all vice versa. So, it is the same customer. So, BP monitor and 
Glucose monitor. So, it is a very interesting business model that we don't have 
to look out for new customers. And to the same customer, same set of retailers, 
same family, maybe within one family, one problem, one person has sugar 
problem, second person has BP problem, but after certain age certainly it goes 
together. 
Coming specifically to the BP Monitors, BP Monitors is a very simple model 
unlike in there, we have to send Strips also. Here, we sell directly the meter, so 
of course there is no further revenue there. So, here also the business has gone 
36% this year, while the number of meters sold has gone 29% from 8 lakh 
meters to 10.51 lakh meters. So, we sell all those 1 lakh meter every month, 
give or take some season of seasons. So, we have cross of 1 million-mark 
second time, during COVID also we have sold more than 1,000,000 meters, 
but earlier at that time it was being imported. Now we have produced in-house 
1 million meters and sold 100% from in-house capacities. So, of course we are 
adding more and more SMT lines and more and more dedicated lines to 
produce more meters. And we hope that this business also will keep on growing 
at a similar pace. This year, of course, it has grown 36% because last year 
numbers were a bit slower, but again we are getting an average 28% CAGR of 
the last 7-8 years. We are hopeful that it will keep growing and there is still a 
challenge that this is not very high, as lucrative as Glucose Monitors because 
they are of two components, the consumable and the Strip. But here, yes, we 
are basically I would say capitalizing on the Dr. Morepen brand and giving a 
better service  to the customers. 
So, when we talk of the manufacturing line, as I shared that we are 
manufacturing all the meters from their PCB's. And the PCB's are first counted 
to the SMT machines and SMT lines and the injection molding lines, which 
you could use those side parts front, back and of course there are separate 
screen printing machines for the LEDs, so LEDs are prepared separately. Then 
there are multiple tests and in the Strips, then there is a bulk Strips which we 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
are still importing from Korea and the sheet cutting is happening in India. But 
to have a longer-term supply contract and to have a longer-term control over 
our supply chain, we are planning to have, not planning, also we are working 
to have in-house production of the Strips also. So, of course, we are working 
with our Korean counterparts to have the technology here and have a control 
manufacturing setup in India. Hopefully once we have that, we will be moving 
some business from Korea also to India. But even if we do not get any regular 
business from them, if we have the Strip manufacturing in-house, we have the 
complete meter manufacturing in-house starting from bare PCBs including all 
the moving parts and including the screen printing. Then, we have a full supply 
chain for the BP monitors and Glucose monitors both, so then we can work on 
the export also. As in today, we are exporting small quantities under Dr. 
Morepen brand in Thailand and Middle East and of course, Nepal, Bhutan were 
launched much earlier, but still the export is miniscule. But as we go forward, 
so we see that in case we have a full backup and we have full capacity, so we 
can start exporting to I would say markets like US and Europe, where every 
single chain can be as big as our complete India market. Just say as an example, 
if you are selling 20-25 lakh meters in India, Glucose meters in India, so maybe 
one single order from any one of the chains, chains like Walmart, CVS, 
Walgreens, anything we get one single order for which we will be happy to 
double our capacity or maybe three times. So, we see a lot of opportunities and 
thankfully this line is still very technical, very sensitive and not many 
organized players are there. So, most of the supplies have been imported and 
COVID is trying to control those unregulated means where people were trying 
to, for sake of better work, people are trying to smuggle up things and trying 
to just supply things in the market without any service, without any backup. 
So, imports are becoming more and more difficult and even the bare PCB's 
have been recently brought under the anti-dumping duty. So, we are thankful 
to the government that government is putting more and more effort to cut down 
the imports. The more control on the imports is there, more and more people 
will be encouraged to have Indian production and that will save us along the 
cost-free exchange also and of course the overall cost cutting and supply chain. 
Because COVID time, everybody has seen that, irrespective of the cost, so 
China was acting crazy. They had increased prices 30%, 40%, 50% and they 
were playing on the cartage, even on the freights. Containers issue was there. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 32 
So, we are trying to have maximum thing in-house. It is in line with Honorable 
Prime Minister Modiji’s vision that we should be the hub, we should be the 
manufacturer and we should not be a buyer. We don't want to be just another 
person. We are happy, we are on the same line. 
So, going forward with the Medical Devices business, like I said that we are 
confident of maintaining a single source pattern, so we have noted down in our 
presentation that what would be the growth driver. So, the number one growth 
driver force would be capacity extension because now it is the manufacturing 
we have to produce whatever things we are talking. If I have to increase my 
topline by typically 30%, 40%, 100% 3–4-year, whatever number, so we have 
to have capacity for that and the backward integration and capacity backward 
integration certainly has to match with the latest technology and labor cost, 
automation. So, that is why I think the major part, but we are happy to work. 
And of course, on the reach side, within India, of course, we have a sufficient 
reach as in today we have almost 1,25,000 retailers who we want to go to 
300,000 retailers, feedback retailers and over a period of next 5 years. So, as 
today, we are more focused on the North or the North West, but going forward, 
South is one area where we need to make more efforts and we will double up 
the sales there also. It is a much bigger and much educated market, but we have 
not been able to invest in that market. So, that is another area within India. 
Then second, as I shared that there will be direct exports under the Company’s 
label and a private label also. So, which is a bit slow process, but it is a much 
bigger opportunity than doing little exports under our own machines. And of 
course, we are expanding the sales team for India also, for export also. Retail 
coverage is what we need to focus on more because that is the service-oriented 
products. So, we need to be present closer to the customer so that the retailer 
gets the comfort, and the buyer gets comfort. And of course, more and more 
sales, training and more and more approaches, so that the sales team has better 
productivity. So, these are I would say is our growth drivers where we see new 
sales coming up. 
Coming specifically to the new initiatives other than Glucose Monitor and BP 
Monitor, there are multiple products that we are working, whether it is, 
Immuno Diagnostics, Cell Culture and of course some other industrial and 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
mechanical product but major here is the Continuous Glucose Monitoring 
CGM where you got a patch on your shoulder, and you can take reading from 
the phone. We are working on these, but it is little away from what we are 
thinking. So, this industry is very fragile in terms of technology and other 
things. Thankfully, in both in BP Monitor and Glucose Monitors, this is a very 
stable product, and it is there in the market for the last 25 years. But we keep 
our eyes and ears open that even if any new technology comes, we should be 
able to adapt to that technology. So, we are here, and we are on track. So, we 
are started investing on the research. We have 3 research labs now, one is in 
Okhla since last 4 years. So, last year, Baddi plant was also started and this 
year, early in the last quarter so in the last Q4 we started our lab in Bangalore 
also. So, we work for an electronic team and Okhla Lab is the biosensors and 
biochemistry. And Baddi of course Research is more toward the in-house brand 
production  of medical devices, whatever it produced, so  that’s from R&D 
side. So, of course we will come to the question. I know that I have spoken too 
much, we come to the questions and medical devices, but I will give you a 
quick run on the API business also. 
API business as I shared that this business had been very dominant business 
and the cash cow for the Company. So, here we have 6 products where we are 
market leaders, Loratadine, Desloratadine, Montelukast. All three products fall 
in the anti-allergy category where we say market leader, we are no. 1 marketing 
share in the global market in terms of volume. And two more Statins, 
Rosuvastatin and Atorvastatin, we are no. 4. These is another anti-allergy 
product, Fexofenadine where we are number 3 in the global market as per 
industry report. These six products alone, we are 90% of revenue comes from 
this, there is a stable revenue on these products. And of course, our revenue is 
growing as the numbers are speaking. Other than this, we have more products 
and category and we have big portfolio anti diabetic products, cardiac products 
and similar lifestyle products. Morepen does not operate into traditional 
antibiotic and infectious diseases and the so called old products. So we all have 
high value products which are more than $100, $100, you know and of course 
going forward sometimes the prices reduce. We are not able just to give an 
example $2 $5 item. So we don't have. So that is why we have better 
efficiencies and better productivity as per reactor capacity, kilolter of reactor 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 32 
capacity. So reactor capacity in this. So, we have a very lower capacity of only 
300 KL to last year. We have increased to 400 KL as our production is much 
higher than the industry. 
 
So talking about the percentage share of the revenue, Montelukast getting 27% 
share, Loratadine and Desloratadine and similar products getting together 
around 20%. 
 
Atorvastatin 17% market share and taxes. Fexofenadine gained 14% from the 
last year, in this year. Rosuvastatin gained by 9%. 
 
Moderator: 
This is the operator, Mr. Suri, there is static in the line. What I will do is I'll 
just disconnect you and reconnect you, right? 
 
Sushil Suri: 
 
Yes, 
 
Moderator: 
 
Just give me a moment. 
 
Sushil Suri: 
 
Yeah 
 
Moderator: 
Please stay connected. Reconnect the management quickly. Thank you. Ladies 
and gentlemen, the management lines has been reconnected, please go ahead. 
Thank you. 
 
Sushil Suri: 
Good afternoon again. I didn't know till what time you guys heard me, but we 
were talking that we are market leaders in 6 APIs. So Loratadine, Desloratadine 
and Montelukast number one market share and two statins, Atorvastatin, 
Rosuvastatin number 4. And there's another antiallergy product Fexofenadine 
we again we are number 3 in the line. So, between these 6 products we have 
90% market share and not sorry, 9% market share, 90% of the revenue comes 
from these 6 products where we have stable products, and these are all growing 
and we are market leaders. We are proud to say that. But other than this, we 
have around 30 more products which are new products and those are also 
increasing as we go forward. And 10% of the new products will slowly go up 
to 30% in the next five years, so that the revenue generation from the new 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 32 
products will increase as these products mature. So, we are exporting to over 
80 countries which are with the regular exports, we have got over 500 
customers worldwide who are buying regularly from us and 60% of our export 
business comes from repeat customers. So, when you say repeat customer 
doesn't mean one year, two year, there are customers who are buying from us 
since last 10 years. Of course, between there may be some slippage in one year 
or two years. They did not buy, but old relationship is what the value here is, 
so the contacts and relationship, for example, if we had our first customer was 
in 2001, 2002 was Sandoz, it is part of Novartis, still working with us, Tiago 
they are still working with us. who was one of the customers. They are still 
working with us since last 25 years. So, that is the value of relationships and 
customer relationship we have been able to build.  
We have around 17% share sales in revenue coming from U.S. market and 
around 18% from Europe market and 26% from APAC region, Asia region. 
MENA region is very low around 3% and of course 31% still from India and 
68% exports. South America is around 4%. All the markets have been growing 
consistently. This year, U.S. market has grown 32%, which is very good as 
against Europe, which has grown only 7%. We all know that Europe had been 
disturbed because of various reasons and otherwise also during COVID also, 
Europe was most affected. India market has grown 17%, of course in volume 
terms, India market has grown much higher, but in value term it is 17% in spite 
of the lower value, it has grown 17%. APAC region has grown only 2% here 
and South America has grown 53%, but the numbers are small, so growth looks 
higher, but primarily the growth is coming from US, Europe and India and you 
look at the revenue numbers, API revenues have grown from Rs. 823 crores to 
Rs. 940 crores, there is a 14% increase in the annual revenue. On quarterly 
basis, this quarter was excellent from Rs. 217 crores to Rs. 271 crores, there is 
a 25% increase in the quarterly revenue. 
And one thing I am happy to share with you is that even though there was a 
price reduction in terms of sales and of course raw material prices also, there 
is a 39% increase in the volume of the goods sold. We had sold 311 metric tons 
of the drugs taken together last financial year, FY23, but in FY24 again  311 
crores, we have sold  432 crores. There is almost 40% increase in the volume 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 32 
of goods sold. It means thanks to our increase in capacity, we have to produce 
more even to get to the same level of growth. Even to get 14% growth in the 
annual revenue, we had to produce 39% more quantity to keep our target. So, 
we were on the toes for whole of the year, but now thankfully the capacities 
have increased and if the market goes up, certainly the revenues will multiply 
much faster. But on the other hand we are exhausting our capacities and we 
have to keep investing in the capacities. So, that is why we are always under 
the pressure of expansion because we didn't have any major expansion in the 
last 20-25 years. All the expansions are happening only from internal accruals. 
And another interesting thing which I want to share with you is that during this 
financial year we had a new product, Fexofenadine, new means new in the 
basket of these so-called blockbusters. We had this product, but there was not 
much revenue coming. We got US FDA approval back in 22 here for this 
product Fexofenadine. So, exports have started last year and there is a 300% 
growth in this business for this current year. So, if we are able to maintain those 
levels, it should be very good. That's on the API side and I am sure you keep 
reading on the website and on our regular at LinkedIn and other places that 
Company is very active on filing patterns and filing DMF, CPs in Europe, so 
now we have 155 patterns in our intellectual property. Our library of DMFs is 
going up. So, worldwide we have 349 drug master files for all the different 
products, 26 drug master files are in US, only then the CPs in Europe. Of 
course, we are proud of our chemistry scales where we have new polymorphs 
for which we get patent. So, almost 340 people work with all these QC, QA, 
R&D to make all these drug master files and patents and other things. So, 43 
new products we have launched in last 5 years. Of course, all the facilities are 
inspected and approved by US FDA on the API facilities, EDQM, PMDA 
Japan, ANVISA Brazil, of course China NNPA and of course WHO GMP. So, 
whatever we are doing is as per the international standard and we have a long 
track record of product quality and customer relationships. And we shared in 
our last call also which we are still maintaining that we have a 483, there is nil 
observations by the FDA in our last three, out of three inspections on the two 
plants, we had no observation by the FDA and we have had hattrick of nil 
observation and not that we are perfect but as compared to the industry standard 
in general APIs do not attract many this thing because our product is still B2B, 
but as against our other peers in the formulation industry, this hadn't been very 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
friendly. So, we hope to maintain these standards and we are happy that the 
team had been working very nicely. 
So, that is all about the basic I would say both businesses we have talked 
Medical Devices and API. Other than this we have Formulation and OTC and 
in OTC you all know that we have a very popular product, Burnol. So, it is 
more than 75 years of legacy. We have purchased this plant from Reckitt 
Piramal and of course before that it was owned by Nol Pharma, it is an 
international brand and now it has synonym with burns, more important than 
burn, its synonym with Jalan rather ‘Jalega To Burnol Hi Chalega’. So, it is a 
very popular brand and of course we have a separate distribution both for OTC 
and formulations. So, we are expanding that also. Dr. Morepen has already 
become a household name and of course Burnol, Lemonate, we have Omega-
3, Pain-X, Fever-X, Head-X and there are multiple products and we have sold 
online also. In Formulation, we have brand like Saltum, Rhymix, Cefopen, 
Klarim, Intebact. We have some international products where in for the 
probiotic and probiotics are getting very popular these days. We have it in the 
formulation. So, on the revenue side, the formulation business has grown by 
10%, formulation and OTC taken together and grown by 10%. But during the 
quarter, it was a bit slow. March quarter usually slow in this business, they 
have grown only 2%, 71% of the business comes from the medicine side and 
29% of the business comes from the OTC side. 
On the distribution side, we have more than 5000 distributors, 5100 
distributors. We are present in 3.28 lakh outlets taken together and all over the 
country we are present. 580 people are there in all the states for the selling. Of 
course, in the generic our distributed separately through a separate Company 
through a separate, single distributor, but otherwise we have got service 
centers, we have got distributors all over the country. So, I am not getting into 
detail of plans. 
Financial numbers have already been circulated, so as I shared that gross 
revenue during the quarter, I am talking about the quarter now. During the 
quarter, the gross revenue has gone up 16.5%, EBITDA has gone to 182% from 
Rs. 18 crores to Rs. 52 crores EBITDA. EBITDA level have gone from 5% to 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 32 
12.31%. So, it is more than double as a percentage because the revenue has 
jumped and gross margins have increased. Profit before tax also has almost 
three times from 3% to 9.88% from Rs. 11 crores to Rs. 42 crores, there is a 
279% increase in value and on percentage terms it is almost three times. That 
was profit before tax, now profit after tax last year was very low 2.25%, profit 
after tax is 6.73%, which is almost 249%. So, those are the quarterly numbers 
on the annual basis I shared earlier, 20% revenue growth 101% EBITDA 
growth. And of course, EBITDA is 10.13 after long time has come in double 
digit. Profit before tax 143% increase, PAT is 150%, PAT is still low 5.67%, 
we are naturally as the revenue grows, the PAT would increase. So, still we are 
in that Rs. 100 crores PAT and Rs. 97 crores is the PAT. So, on the financial 
ratios also, we see significant improvement. Of course that is our ultimate 
parameter, our KPI's we track is the ratios. Earnings per share has gone by 
144%. So, based on the March quarter results and annual results, the earnings 
per share is Rs. 1.88 paisa for Rs. 2 share and return on equity is 11% as against 
5% last year. So, return on equity has also doubled. The return on the capital 
employed, which includes the working capital also is almost doubled from 
7.31% to 15%. The asset turnover ratio, we have been maintaining in spite of 
the new additions of machinery, it is almost 9 times and debt equity ratio is 
good negligible because we are a debt free Company, it is 0.03 so which is very 
good. It is all about this thing, and of course because the time is short, we will 
go to question answers, but on the expansion side, we are expanding on the 
medical devices, increasing more capacity and backward integration. We are 
expanding capacities in the APIs. Of course, we are supplementing the working 
capital and of course research and development still remains the focus. That is 
all from my side to begin with in short and sweet and I will go back to the 
anchor, and we can see the question answers if there are any. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
would wish to ask a question, press star and one on your touch tone. Telephone 
if you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star 
and 2 participants are requested to use handsets while asking a 
question.  Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles…. The first question comes from the line of Nisarg Vakharia 
with NV Alpha Fund Management LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Thank you sir, for your comprehensive commentary. To begin with, it was 
quite helpful. I have a couple of questions. I will first start with your medical 
devices segment. Sir, can you please explain the economics of this business? 
How much do you have in gross block for Rs. 400 crore of topline and how 
much working capital and what is the sort of EBITDA margin that you make 
in this segment? 
Sushil Suri: 
of course, the exact numbers that Ajay can give our CFO is here, So, Ajay, you 
can speak that broadly this business is very efficient. It doesn't have much fixed 
asset requirement and the asset turnover is more than 10x as Ajay  can give 
you the exact numbers. On the working capital side also, the working capital 
cycle of course has become a little higher now because of our imports. Because 
of the self-manufacturing, but otherwise it is typically a cash negative working 
capital because we get imports from China or Korea earlier and of course we 
sell is advance in the market. So, we do not give any credit to the market. So, 
that is why we have been able to create and demand our prestigious brand 
because we don't need credit. So, it doesn't have huge working capital in the 
market, but yes because of the increased longer manufacturing cycle. So, our 
inventory levels have started going up, but Ajay will give you the right 
numbers. And on the EBITDA side also Ajay can speak. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Yeah, EBITDA for Devices business is this year 12%, here we have improved 
from last year. , last year was 8%. So, as far as the gross loss is concerned, it is 
around Rs. 43 crores and invested into working capital is Rs. 60 crores. So, all 
investment into capital  part is almost Rs. 100 crores. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
What sort of gross margin do you make in this for 12% EBITDA? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Gross margin, we do 25% around. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Ok thank you, Secondly, sir, now coming to your other business, which is the 
API, if you look at your Company level margins, our Company level margins 
are closer to 10.5-11%, our Medical Devices is at 12% margin. What sort of 
margins do we make in the API business and what sort of margins we make in 
the formulation business? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 32 
Ajay Sharma: 
For API, our EBITDA margins are in the range of 18%, improved over last 
year, it was around 16% last year. So, as far as formulation is concerned, so 
current year we have a negative margin here because we are just building our 
capacity. So, for formulation we have negative  so at around…. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sir, can you quantify that number because 18% EBITDA you do in API, 12% 
you do in devices, so what sort of loss you are making in formulation? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Formulation this year we have done Rs. 19.5 crores loss at EBITDA level. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
In this quarter, how much you have done? 
Ajay Sharma: 
This quarter is around Rs. 4 crores. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sir, again, I am asking you. See, you do the math yourself. API, you said 18% 
margin, then you said 12% margin in devices, so how can we make only Rs. 4 
crores loss in formulation, the numbers won't add up? 
Ajay Sharma: 
No, in fact, when we talk about these numbers, these are the business 
standalone numbers. Then, we have common expenses which we do not 
allocate to any separate divisions, so when we add. 
Sushil Suri: 
Unallocated corporate expenses. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Unallocated corporate expenses, when we talk about business, we talk about 
only the standalone. It doesn't include any allocation. This number was on a 
standalone basis and then we have our OTC business which is also making 
some losses during this financial year, corporate expenses as well. So, for this 
quarter 4, the EBITDA level will be whatever we have already mentioned in 
the… 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Ok, Secondly, if I am not mistaken, there is Rs. 600 crore of gross block on 
your balance sheet, right? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Yes, I think that was last year. This year we have around Rs. 500 odd crores. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 32 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Yes, and for the medical devices, you don't have too much of gross block. You 
said it is Rs. 40 crores, right? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Rs. 42 crores. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Yes, So, balance gross block is all dedicated essentially to API? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Mostly to API and then formulation as well because the formulation, we have 
build, we have spent money in the formulation as well and in fact we have also 
built some capacity for our ANDAs as well. So, though topline has not been 
realized as we have said, so that will come maybe in another next 12 to 15 
months, so mainly API and followed by formulation and then devices. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Ok, What is the peak revenue potential that you have on the existing gross 
block in the formulation and API business, assuming you don't have to do 
CAPEX? 
Ajay Sharma: 
You see, this year we have done around Rs. 950 crores of topline in the API. 
So, we should expect another Rs. 150 cores or to Rs. 200 crore more, so till 
around Rs. 1,150 crores we can do with the existing with small addition here 
and there and formulation we have already built in the CAPEX. So, 
formulation, we have manufacturing touching topline of around 100. So, to my 
understanding this topline could be stopped till maybe around Rs. 300 crores. 
We can achieve 3 times the topline whatever we have because CAPEX we have 
already done it. So, we will be able to realize upside this year as well as next 
year. So, you will see revenue growth in the formulation particularly at least 
three times in coming two years 2.5 time to 3 times. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Ok,  just re-asking this question. If you look at any pharmaceutical Company 
and if you look at the margins that they do in formulation is closer to 20%, like 
bare minimum I am saying and API they do between 12% to 14%, but our 
Company level margins are at 11% this quarter. So, is there something which 
is depressing these margins, or is this the steady state margins going ahead? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Let me share with you that our distribution business, it is very small. So, it is 
around Rs. 45 crores this year. But we have incurred losses into this because 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 32 
our team is small and we are not able to really achieve the breakeven in the 
formulation. So, that is one. Then we have manufacturing. We have done 
capacity addition only in this financial year. So, our salary cost was too high. 
So, we must see this turnaround in this financial year, so whatever this negative 
has really brought down our overall EBITDA, so that at least this financial year 
should we break even and the formulation distribution business, we have 
losses, I think that losses should also come down if not really breakeven. So, 
we will see improvement into this business. Otherwise, in API and devices, we 
are fairly good and we will be able to improve our maybe margins, something 
in both the business and particularly formulation business will show greater 
visibility in the next 12 to 15 months, yes. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Devices are basically, essentially, how much of the devices are sold online 
versus general trade? 
Sushil Suri: 
Online around 9% to 10%. The rest is all general. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Rest is all general trade? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, general trade through direct distribution. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Then who would be the large, branded players in this space other than you in 
India? 
Sushil Suri: 
In both products we are different. In Glucometers it is Roche and in BP 
Monitors Omron. So, we are competing, both sides, we have multinationals 
and of course we are much ahead of them in the on ground and real number. 
And nothing official about it, but we hear that Roche is already upholding its 
division and they are withdrawing their sales team because they are not super 
competitive at the retail level, and they were enjoying the monopoly because 
they were just selling brand. But now the markets are acting competitive, and 
the customer is more demanding, so multinationals are losing their job. Other 
than this, there are small, long tail of those so-called import and sell companies, 
which just fly by night, they come and go. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Ok, And this is a doctor prescribed product or this is pure OTC? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
Sushil Suri: 
It is pure OTC, pure OTC, something on the margins. So, I think like Ajay 
explained that we are still struggling to find headway in the formulation, but 
you would understand that as I shared in the beginning 80% of revenue 
between medical devices and API. So, honestly, that is our growth story and 
that is where we want to go. Formulation and OTC, we are, I would say not on 
the head runway and we are just trying to see okay, how can we make this 
business profitable and maybe at some stage divest it or get a partner or get 
into a separate Company both these are into separate companies. Dr. Morepen 
is a separate subsidiary, formulation on the separate subsidiary. So, obviously 
we are working to at least these businesses breakeven and we loose, we don't 
have a drag on profitability. But on the other hand, certainly there is even after 
corporate allocation, our overall EBITDA is lower. But in devices, for 
example, I was telling that this is a printer cartridge model. The more printers 
we sell, the more cartridges will be selling, so more meters we installed. So, 
the number of meters installed will also grow very smoothly. If I grow 20 lakh 
meter, 25 lakh, 30 lakhs, but the number of Strips will keep on increasing 
because for every meter we have installed, so that delta is increasing every time 
so the margins are increasing. So, we try to exploit these numbers for the next 
five years and we are seeing that the devices margin will go, EBITDA margin 
will go up to 18%-19% because that is how the math works. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Just to ask you on this point, which you mentioned, small question, this Rs. 
400 crores sale that we have closed for devices this year, out of that Rs. 400 
crore, how much sale comes from these Strips? 
Sushil Suri: 
Around Rs. 373 crore is Strips only meters and Strips. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Rs. 342 crores is the Glucometer business, put together. 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, around 70% of our sales is coming from. This is the basically, I would say 
our bread and butter and that I was telling you the presentation also that BP 
monitor is just add on and it will give us enough money to pay the bills. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Sir, I understood, my question was slightly different. I was saying in 
Glucometer you sell a meter and then you sell a Strip, right? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 22 of 32 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Now Strip is a repeat business, what is the absolute quantum of the Strip 
business that you have per year? 
Sushil Suri: 
Ajay, you will have separate numbers. 
Ajay Sharma: 
I don't have, but it is around 85% is Strip business. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Around 85% is Strip? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
I would think that your margins in Strip are substantially higher than your 
meter. 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, basically that is where we do not officially share the so-called separate 
numbers because literally meters are sold at a certain MRT, then there are 
Strips, of course to there are certain schemes which are shared with the 
distributors, but ultimate objective is that okay, we sell more and more Strips. 
Strips are of course, high profit number and as we go forward, the meters would 
be growing at say 20%, Strip business will go at 30%, that 10% delta is profit. 
During COVID time, for example, there was a shortage. No new meters are 
not being installed, so we had margin of 21% that year. Because it installation 
is not going, Strip users have gone high. You were checking, everybody 
checking the sugar level 3 times, 4 times, so Strip usage goes up as awareness 
is going up. So, this is going up that. 
Nisarg Vakharia: 
Ok, great Sir thank you, for  answering my questions patiently. 
Sushil Suri: 
So nice, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tushar Sarda with Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Yeah. Thank. Thank you for the opportunity. One of my questions was of 
course on the composition of Strip, which you have answered. My second 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 23 of 32 
question, sir is on the API side, you have in the presentation given 6 molecules 
were your leadership. So, what percentage of your API business is out of these 
six molecules? 
Sushil Suri: 
I had shared around 90% of the business comes from these six molecules and 
10% we certainly have a long tail. But within that 10% also there are 5-6 main 
products, for example, Loratadine, Desloratadine, Montelukast, Atorvastatin, 
Rosuvastatin, Fexofenadine. These are 6 products which we call it key 
products. And then there is Dapagliflozin, Linagliptin, and Olmesartan, 
Apixaban and Edoxaban, Saxagliptin. But these are all new molecules under 
patent in one country or the others. So, they take some time. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Ok, and any of these molecules you think can become big other than the six? 
Sushil Suri: 
Tushar, we all plan that everything should become big, but markets are real. 
So, sometimes for example Sitagliptin was expected to be a blockbuster, but 
20-30 people launch in the market. So, product bond, sometimes innovator 
plays some games. So, we are aggressive in everything so but it depends on the 
market conditions. 
Tushar Sarda: 
You have a relationship and you mentioned Perigo, very big player. So, that is 
why I was asking?  on the relationship, it becomes easier to penetrate the 
market, right, otherwise pharma manufacturing? 
Sushil Suri: 
That is why I gave you the example of Fexofenadine since we had a 
relationship with the Perrigo and Loratadine, So, and it is an OTC Company, 
they are a private  limited Company. So, they picked up Fexofenadine also. So, 
even though Fexofenadine major work was done by Sandoz, so it all depends 
which market opens at what time. Last couple of years, particularly in Europe, 
supplies and Europe these accruals have been disturbed. Of course, Europe has 
disturbed post COVID. So, we keep on seeing lot of opportunities but honestly 
we do not give any forward-looking figures at this platform, so I am keeping 
my mouth shut. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Okay, Thank you. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 24 of 32 
Sushil Suri: 
Lovely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investment. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Hi. Thank you for this opportunity, Sir Sir, I wanted to understand this 18% to 
19% EBITDA margin in medical devices that you have said that we can 
achieve, so this will be from our own manufacturing of this Strip or their efforts 
to achieve this kind of margin in the segment? 
Sushil Suri: 
And this will be 100% out of our own manufacturing and that is our key 
strategy that we do not import, and we do not even do lot of outsourcing also. 
The machineries are not very costly. The only thing that needs is a space and a 
building. So, we are building huge sheds to accommodate our injection 
molding, and other machine. So, we are trying to reduce our dependence on 
import and reduce our dependence on the third-party manufacturers who 
ponder us every day. So, we are trying to get better controls. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Ok, and Sir, I like you have a fair idea that Roche is winding down its retail 
base so are there any plans to just sell the Strip that will go into the Roche 
machine and take that business away from those? 
Sushil Suri: 
These machines Madhur, are very locked machines so Roche machine cannot 
use my Strips and my meter cannot use their Strip. So, these are customized 
meters and customized Strips, so they work on a particular software. These are 
the whole. That is why I am calling it a printer cartridge model or Gillette 
shaving razor model, so we cannot use anybody else in this. But on the other 
hand, the advantage in case one player goes out of the market or for even if 
there is a temporary disturbance. So, that is an opportunity to capture the 
market. We can sell our meters and we can gain that market. So, that is an 
advantage. But we can't use their customer base and Roche has been there in 
the market since 20 years, maybe they are there since last 15 years. We don't 
know. So, maybe they have a similar meter base, but regular meters, active 
users and we have more active users than them. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 25 of 32 
Madhur Rathi: 
Ok Sir, got it, this is the final question. Can we see our formulation business 
being at least break even on FY25? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, it is on the card that how we are working on it. So, we are actually not 
doing major expansions and trying to see that okay, first, we should start 
making money because it is a people driven business and we have to have sales 
force, list of the doctors, marketing and everything. So, we are trying to control 
this effort, so that first we start making money and Ajay shared that last year 
we had major expansion in the capacities and because earlier our machines 
were very low-capacity machines, low machines and we are not able to recover 
whenever costs and salaries. So, now we have put-up high-speed machines 
which are having much higher capacities and we will be able to have higher 
volume and you all know that how will be pursuing for generics. So, we have 
lot of volume coming from Jan Aushadhi which is the government scheme, so 
we are supplying to Jan Aushadhi. Jan Aushadhi business has more than tripled 
this year. So, if we continue having regular business with fast capacities, this 
is a very profitable business, but we had issues, so we are not shying away from 
that, but as an industry we know that we have to work on it, we are on to it. 
But yes, our business model and our growth story, growth plan is not in 
formulation. We are more of our leading devices Company with 28% earning. 
That is our business model. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Ok, Sir, can you explain the EBITDA margin in the range of 14%-15% for the 
whole year FY25? 
Sushil Suri: 
I won't be giving any guidance, but if we continue growing, you can see the 
growth numbers or if you are seeing the CAGR. So, based on that, I think we 
should be able to maintain a healthy rate. I am not giving any specific numbers. 
You know the regulations... 
Madhur Rathi: 
We have just the back of the envelope calculation based on the margins are 
very different? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, EBITDA margins certainly are increasing year-on-year and certainly once 
the volume grow up, now this way, you have seen that just with 20% increase, 
our EBITDA has doubled. So, it means the expenses are all covered. Expenses 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 26 of 32 
are same we are not going to increase expenses, so we already have whatever 
we have. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, Thank you Sir. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Madhur, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ketan with Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ketan: 
Sir, my questions have been asked. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one 
to ask a question… Once again, a reminder to all the participants that you may 
press star of one to ask a question. Next question comes from the line of Tushar 
Manudhane with Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: Sir, just on the medical devices apart from, first of all on Glucometer itself, if 
you could share, what are the new developments in terms of product side which 
can give an edge compared to competitors for us? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, Tushar Glucometers, as I shared that it is a very stable and robust product 
and we sometimes do not disturb even the model what we launched like double 
BG 03 model which we sell to the trade and the BG 05 for online. So, basically 
the customer used to a particular technology and this technology is successful 
and is working, but as we goes forward, there may be some improvements 
within the models with some electronic components, some screen component 
which we also keep on doing. There is a Bluetooth possibility, but we have 
tried Bluetooth operations also, but people are not ready to pay Rs. 200 extra 
for Bluetooth because not many people are used to it. Normally, these devices 
are used by senior citizens, so that the interesting development here is, as I 
shared earlier, was the continuous glucose monitoring, the CGM, the patch 
technology. So, our R&D team is working on the patch and we are trying to 
develop our own patch. The existing product in the market, Abbott has a 
product that is very costly. They charge Rs. 14,000 for a 14 days patch, so now 
many apps have come where they give it a discounted rate. Even then it costs 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 27 of 32 
at least Rs. 5,000 for one patch for 14 days and you need 2 patches for a month. 
It is like Rs. 10,000 a month cost, just to test your sugar. So, I would say India 
is a poor country, so we can't afford that. There may be a certain 0.5%, 1% 
people who can afford that. But for the masses we are trying to bring down the 
cost to maybe say Rs. 1000 monthly cost or Rs. 1000 per patch. So, but that is 
a long dream. It may take 2-3 years’ time. But other than the meter and 
Glucometer and BP monitor, we are working on technology, for example, Strip 
manufacturing. Once we understand the Strip manufacturing, then we are 
basically trying to learn art of making a Strip that humble Strip has got a circuit. 
It has got biochemistry; it has got enzymes. So, once we know how to make a 
Strip, so today we are making a Strip for Glucometer for the sugar testing. 
Tomorrow, we have to make a Strip for cholesterol testing, so we can make a 
Strip for cholesterol testing also. Similarly, we developed technologies for a 
very accurate pregnancy test last year, but the same technology being used to 
manufacture a test for dengue or for malaria, because now we know the 
chemistry and we have got all the moving parts to make a deck and a card and 
testing. So, basically the way the industry works is it works on technologies. If 
I have got some technology I can replicate that technology any other thing. 
Second is the paraphernalia of making all those things and all the electronic 
part and plastic part and assembly lines and quality controls. That is the growth. 
Tushar Manudhane: Understood sir and, once we have the in-house manufacturing of Strips, any 
geography you would like to call out for exports where the initial focus would 
be? 
Sushil Suri: 
Initial focus, of course, would be on Europe and US only. So, there we need a 
CE certification for them. So, post COVID, Europe had been very slow, there 
have not been any inspection after that, and many of that time, they have 
reduced their staff also, but we feel that the US will pick much faster because 
we are in touch with all the change which I named and all the big boys, the 
Walgreen, Walmart and CVS and I am not quoting anybody's name. All the 
big boys I am saying. So, we are in touch with them, and they are happy to 
register and acknowledge our product, but they have long procedures, but the 
volumes are very high and the numbers are very high and Europe the system 
is chain, there are private hospital chain, there are pharmacy chains, so it any 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
other chain they start buying from us, so we would be happy to supply. 
Otherwise, this Middle Eastern market is absolutely uncovered. There is no 
manufacturing there and even this South American market is absolutely 
uncovered. So, there is a Brazilian Company who is working with us on BP 
monitors, Glucose monitors. Somebody wants pregnancy kits in Mexico, so I 
would say these are random opportunities which will keep on coming, but if 
we have the capacity, so usage of capacities. Now, we are coming out of the 
cocoon, you don’t have the peak of Rs. 500 crores, we have to plan for Rs. 
5,000 crores. So, for Rs. 5,000 crores we had to earn capacities. 
Tushar Manudhane: Understood and lastly, this Korean Company from whom we currently procure 
the Strips, would you like to share how many Strips they make annually? 
Sushil Suri: 
That is a private Company. We do not have their number, but I am sure 
whatever sheets they are supplying to us maybe two to three times they are 
doing it for themselves also. But the fact remains that we are their largest 
customers and typically they want to exit this business because they also have 
some routes in China and everybody is going disturbed, because of the China 
thing. So, they also want to establish a base in India. So, we see that once we 
have a base, irrespective of the quantities, we are in line with this thing that we 
are a manufacturing hub and that is a huge opportunity we are sitting upon and 
that is why I was telling that we see this as a much bigger opportunity than 
tracking our neck on formulation business or on any other generic business. 
So, we see that this unique opportunity which we are eyeing upon. 
Tushar Manudhane: Thank you, that’s it Sir. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you Tushar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tushar Sarda from Athena 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you for the opportunity again, one question is any plans to demerge the 
medical devices business and list it separately? 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, I think it is already on the cards and we have already taken shareholders’ 
approval. So, we are working on the regulatory procedure that how would it 
be. Of course, it won't be a demerger, it would be more of knock stock and 
better sale, Ajay can explain better. So, it won't be a demerger, it will be like 
11 UA, but we are still seeing the regulatory part first because there are medical 
device is huge, so which we are supposed to prepare separate licenses and new 
licenses for each and every production. So, since we have capacity limitations, 
then we have the so-called production limitation. We don't want to so-called 
have a gap in the market. So, we are trying to find the right time and 
opportunity wherein we can have some overlap and apply the license in the 
new Company and then we get license is the new Company and then start. We 
are still working on it, but within this financial year we will certainly start 
moving the business into devices. And then at that stage it can have its own 
capital event. It can have its own fundraising or at whatever stage, we don't 
have any plans on the card, but it is free to do that. 
Tushar Sarda: 
And what is the time frame to reach 18%-19% margin in this business, which 
you said devices business? 
Sushil Suri: 
That I was telling you, we have done some math’s for the next five years, so 
of course actually it keeps on increasing year-by-year as we go because that is 
how the business is planned, but you never know, like when do we get some 
big jackpot and big orders? But because of the listing guidelines, I would like 
to keep quiet on this point. So, we can't speak much in the future. 
Tushar Sarda: 
And the last question, sir how much is corporate overhead, which is 
unallocated? 
Sushil Suri: 
Ajay, you can speak on it. I think it is around Rs. 4-Rs. 5 crores every month. 
Ajay Sharma: 
Yes, around Rs. 4 crores per month. 
Sushil Suri: 
Rs. 48 or Rs. 47 crores was last year. That includes all the IT, HR, Account, 
Finance, Corporate affairs, Legal. So, everything is at one place. 
Tushar Sarda: 
Thank you Sir. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
Sushil Suri: 
Lovely. 
Moderator: 
Ok, Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dhaval Jain with Sequent 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Jain: 
I just wanted to understand that in the last call you had mentioned that you aim 
to sell around 100 million Glucometers in next 5 years, is that guidance still 
that you aim to maintain? 
Sushil Suri: 
Rs. 100 million is the market size and that is the estimated market size of the 
diabetics in India. No one knows what is the right number. So, there is WHO 
number they say 50% of the market is not addressable means either people 
don't even know that they have diabetes, or they don't care. So, it is in villages, 
so it is assumed that the addressable market is 50%, which is 5 crores meters, 
we had at 1 crore now. So, even if I want to double up, from 1 crore, if I have 
to go to 2 crores meters, we need a 27% growth rate in 3 years. So, if I want to 
go to 3 crore meters in say 4 years, basically I would say if we keep on spending 
25%-30%, we still have room. Even if we assume 5 crores is the number of the 
addressable market. But we are seeing in the last 5-7 years that awareness level 
is increasing, market is expanding as the reach is expanding, affordability level 
is increasing and the most importantly, health concern is increasing, thanks to 
COVID. People are alert and active now, so the market is expanding and so are 
we expanding. And we are still talking India, if you talk of global market, India 
is just peanuts. So, I would see that we see a lot of opportunities. But it is a 
wide canvas, so we can make our own drawing. 
Dhaval Jain: 
So, the next thing is like the Strips also would obviously keep increasing in 
that proportion. So, I just wanted to ask like in FY25 then how many meters 
that you need to sell? 
Sushil Suri: 
Look, as I shared like that number is almost, I would say going steady not that 
it is constant from 22 lakh meters, this year it was 24 lakh meters. So, next year 
maybe 30 lakh meters. So, we will actually, I would say this control which we 
have. We always know that, okay which market is lacking? If naturally we are 
launching a new market, you have to give more meters and if we are in the 
same market, we know what is the absorption level. We never keep high 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
inventory in the market, but on the other hand, we always see that, if we have 
sold so many meter is the Strip sale coming or not, there may be some market, 
you place meter, the Strips, people don't come back. So, people don't use. So, 
maybe some markets have more I would say Strip, say in some markets are 
lower, but on average the whole idea is that we keep on going the meters, so 
this year we have planned for 30 lakh meters and of course next will be 36 
lakhs, 40 lakhs, so keep on expanding and of course we watch. The end game, 
the rule here is, I would say the formula here is how many Strips do we sell per 
meter. So, as on date it is around 150 Strips per meter sold. If we sell 24 lakh 
meters, we have sold 36 crore Strips. So, this 150 number should go up, 150 to 
155, so that that has also indicator. During COVID time it was 165 because the 
usage was very high. So, this number so long as my number goes up according 
to the current year number, we are not calculating on average basis because 
even if you say 1 crore meters, active meter maybe 20% or 30%, we don't 
know. So, based on that number, our usage is much higher. 
Dhaval Jain: 
Thank you so much. 
Sushil Suri:  
Thank you so much. I know it's a new business and new games with little more 
questions, but interesting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of question and 
answer session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you very much for the patient hearing and appreciate some interesting 
insightful questions. And I would like to only add that it is just the beginning 
of the story. So, India story is unfolding very nicely globally. So, we are a 
traditional hardcore manufacturing Company and want to focus on more and 
more on building new technologies and more basis of quality FDA, ISO. So, 
robust manufacturing model based on the low cost and global capacity. So, that 
is our model. And of course, with more and more contacting relationship with 
the consumers, both in the Medical Devices and the API side. Happy to have 
any questions, if anybody has any questions, please feel free to write the e-mail 
to Nishant in Bombay or to Nitika, Corporate Communication. Thank you 
guys. Have a good day. 

 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
Page 32 of 32 
Ajay Sharma:  
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
