 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 30, 2024 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Call – Audited Financial Results for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Scrip Code: BSE – 500304; NSE – NIITLTD  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith Transcript of Investors/analysts Call organized on May 24, 2024 post declaration of 
Audited Financial Results of the Company (Consolidated & Standalone) for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The same is also available on our website i.e. www.niit.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For NIIT Limited 
 
 
 
Arpita B Malhotra 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encls: a/a 
ARPITA 
BISARIA 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by 
ARPITA BISARIA 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2024.05.30 
18:26:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“NIIT Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 24, 2024 
. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA PAWAR – CHAIRMAN  
 
MR. VIJAY THADANI - MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
VICE CHAIRMAN 
 
MR. SANJEEV BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. KAPIL SAURABH – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the NIIT Limited Q4 and FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Thadani, Managing Director and Vice Chairman 
of NIIT Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. So I'll repeat for just in case people missed. So first of all, I want to welcome you for this 
call where we are going to discuss quarter 4 results, quarter 4 and annual results for NIIT Limited 
and also discuss the way forward. So thank you very much for joining us. 
Let me start by saying that before I get into the details about quarter 4, I need to inform you once 
again that NIIT's business is seasonal in nature. Quarter 4 is a weak quarter because it is in this 
quarter that we have a reduced consumption of training in both technology and BFSI. BFSI is 
because of year-end technology because a large amount of work that needs to be finished for 
year-end puts other pressures. 
 
And even for the consumer segment, as the graduates who are going to graduate are preparing 
for their exams, there are normal exams at this time. And also to recall that the business saw a 
sharp decline, much, much larger than normal in volumes in quarter 4 of FY '23, which is 1 year 
ago. 
And that was caused by a near freeze in IT hiring with a sharp compression in spending by IT 
industry that resulted in our technology part of the training, the training that we used to do for 
technology segment to be severely affected. And this was predominantly in Tier 1. So we felt it 
was a temporary impact, but we have to see that, that impact has now lasted for 6 quarters 
because in the 6 quarters, the technology sector has had an unprecedented reduction in workforce 
never in 6 consecutive quarter or even during COVID it was only 2 quarters. And therefore, it 
affected our revenues very significantly in the quarter 4 of FY '23. And then in quarter 1 of FY 
'24 as well and continued to affect us for the rest of the year. 
 
However, the company divided with 2 ordinate strategies, and I think we moved fairly fast and 
were able to transform and execute to those strategies. One was the pivoted focus, the company 
pivoted focus from Tier 1 to Tier 2 GSIs and increased penetration across GCCs. And given the 
hiring fees, we focus on skilling their existing workforce with advanced technology skills or 
working professionals. So that was strategy one. 
 
Second was, in BFSI, there was a large demand because they were growing and adding head 
count numbers. We increased penetration in large private banks, which is the area that we 
service, as well as Indian enterprises, which were benefiting from the -- or which are the cause 
of the India consumption story. And there, we broad based our offerings and very recently with 
generative AI and that has helped us secure a large part of our growth that we see in quarter 4 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
coming from there. So BFSI has the major thrust, India enterprise story as well as the advanced 
training and advanced training programs as well as the Tier 2 GSIs and GCCs, that actually has 
helped us recover from minus 33% that we were in quarter 1 year-on-year to plus 24% in quarter 
4, end of the year. 
 
The advantage of this is also that we have now built that capability to address a larger market 
segment as well and have more openings which I think should hold us in good strength in the 
coming year and when the technology hiring resumes. At that time, I think we will be 
beneficiaries will get even a higher benefit because that is our natural strength area. So those are 
the highlights of the background in which. 
So let me just take you through a number. Quarter 4 first. The revenue for quarter 4 was at 743 
million which was up 24% Y-o-Y as I mentioned, but down 13% Q-o-Q due to seasonality. As 
I said, this drop was much lower than what we experienced last year because last year, it was 
also because of the impact of the freeze. 
This year, the freeze was continuing. So therefore, that would not have impacted us more. 
EBITDA was 13 million as compared to negative 95 million and 78 million in quarter 3, negative 
95 million last year was the certain shock that we went through, as well as the fact that part of 
the business was in the investment phase. This year, we conserved our expenses and also focused 
on those things which mattered and grow while the investment cycles are still on and will play 
a role in our future results. 
 
EBITDA margin was 2% versus a negative of 16% last year. Net other income in quarter 4 was 
166 million, which includes a treasury income of 139 million. We can talk more about this in 
case of any other questions. PAT was at 112 million in quarter 4, which is an improvement of 
205 million over PAT in quarter 4 last year. In percentage terms, it was up to 219% Y-o-Y, but 
I think that's not very relevant since the denominator was very small. EPS was INR0.83 per share 
versus a negative INR0.70 per share, and this is all about quarter 4. 
 
In product mix terms are BFSI and other, and I alluded to that, that training grew 83% year-on-
year and in technology, though we had the rebound coming from advanced technology sector as 
well -- advanced technology training as well as the Tier 2 GSIs and GCC's focus technology was 
also up 5% year-on-year. 
Our tech BFSI ratio moved from 76:24 to 64:36. Let me move on to the full year, revenue was 
at INR3,035 million, down 11% year-on-year, and as pointed out, the recovery through the year 
helped us offset the sharp impact of the hiring freeze that took place and continues to be there. 
But because we changed our strategy set and that has helped us recover right through minus 33% 
to plus 24% in the fourth quarter. 
 
Another way to look at it is while H1 was down 23%, H2 was up 4% on a year-on-year basis. 
We already discussed EBITDA margin was 2% improvement of 129 basis points year-on-year. 
EBITDA for the year was INR48 million versus INR10 million for FY '23. Net other income 
was INR594 million versus INR313 million last year, which also includes a large treasury 
income of INR497 million. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
The other income, we had a better-than-expected return on our treasury and that also contributing 
to that. PAT improved to INR384 million versus INR32 million last year. And EPS is at 
INR2.85. Based on the results, the Board of Directors met today and recommended a dividend 
of INR0.75 per share, final dividend of INR0.75 per share versus or this was in addition to the 
interim dividend of INR0.50 per share, which was paid in October 31 -- on October 31, 2023. 
 
I must point out here that while declaring the interim dividend, the Board are also communicated, 
that should be treated as a dividend for the year FY '23, which could not be declared because we 
were in the scheme of arrangement for the demerger of the 2 companies. So overall, from the 
story, what you can see is that while quarter 4 recovery is very, very strong. 
On a year basis, the technology training has declined by 23%, while the BFSI and others have 
grown up by 39%. So I think this has helped us balance our product mix more in favour of BFSI 
and others. And we think that when technology training comes back, we will be beneficiaries of 
that as well, especially for pressures. 
 
So if I were to summarize, the business has shown resilience and agility. We pivoted focus from 
Tier 1 to Tier 2 GSIs as well as increased penetration in GCCs. We got into advanced technology 
training skills, and in BFSI, we increased penetration in large private banks and broad-based our 
offering. We also achieved operational efficiencies and cost structure -- through cost structure 
rationalization, which led us to margin improvements. 
 
In addition to all this, we are also seeing early signs of success in training on generative AI and 
in using generative AI for training, both ways, training on generative and AI -- generative AI for 
training. So the company is investing in new products, in fact, offerings to give our customers 
with the generative AI skills. 
During the year, the company introduced new specialized programs in generative AI for its 
customers and added generative AI components across its portfolio of programs. Any NIIT 
program that you go through would typically have an element of generative AI because we think 
that is a very, very significant play in defining how people get trained and how people get scaled. 
 
Company is also using generative AI in our pedagogy and our platform to improve learning 
effectiveness and learner experience. We recently conducted fireside chats with senior leaders 
of Indian enterprises which was very well received and has also contributed to a funnel for 
growth in FY '25. 
 
Coming to balance sheet. The balance sheet metrics also remain very strong. The DSO was at 
46 days as compared to 33 days last year, but that was also because of increased billing and 
business that we had in quarter 4. capex for the year was at -- capex for the quarter was at INR91 
million. Net cash at the end of the quarter was INR7,185 million, and this is a small increase 
over INR7,179 million last quarter and INR7,157 million last year. This is -- this -- the cash 
balance is up despite very marginal profit, but also after paying the dividend for the year. 
 
Headcount over the year has reduced by 206 and that's a part of our cost rationalization as well 
as product risk rationalization that we have been implementing. Coming to our guidance. Our 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Tier 1 -- given the fact that Tier 1 GSI stopped hiring last year and have continued to see Q-o-Q 
decline in headcount, Success with Tier 2 GSIs and GCC penetration, India enterprise and BFSI 
have led to recovery, cost rationalization and efficiency gains have led to positive EBITDA at a 
much lower revenue run rate. We expect to maintain and going forward, we expect to maintain 
this momentum and see sequential growth to sustain barring seasonality impacts across quarters, 
which will be felt like it is always there. 
 
But I think overall, the curve is pointing, the arrow is pointing upwards. There are new products 
and new initiatives that we have cost, which will lead us to acceleration next year. We expect 
the revenue next year to be in the range of INR380 crores to INR400 crores. The reason I'm 
giving a range is that it is also dependent on the recovery of recruitment or hiring in Tier 1 GSIs. 
And we expect to have still very thin margins, which are not reflective of our steady-state 
margins. because there is 1 part of the business, which is the enterprise go-to-market, which is 
fairly profitable. But the consumer go-to-market part of the business is still in that investment 
mode. So the overall impact will be in low single-digit margins. 
 
Over the longer term, we see a larger opportunity for us. NIIT has been a strong and trusted 
brand, and we realized how strong and trusted we were by the response that we received in these 
fireside chats, when we got corporate leaders together. We also see that as we set up these new 
learner hubs where individuals walk in and tell us so nice to see an NIIT retract, and the 
differentiated deep skilling methodology that we have delivered over a scalable delivery 
platform has given proven outcomes, I think, is another positive. 
 
We have 200-plus corporate partnerships. We have more than 30 OEM relationships and strong 
balance sheet to invest in innovation and growth. So now that much of the irrationality that was 
prevailing in the market due to startups willing to burn cash or customer acquisition and the 
funding pressure has died down I think it creates a healthier environment for us to now invest 
on building the NIIT brand, and we are looking forward to that in terms of the significant 
business transformation cycle which lies ahead of us. And the focused entity that we are now 
will allow us to be nimble and agile to address this market. 
 
So we will continue to look for both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Just as a last 
line of briefing, I also wanted to mention that we recently announced the appointment of a new 
CEO, who will take over from 1st of July. And I think that release is already with you, in case 
you have questions on that, we'll be happy to answer. I gave a slightly longer than normal brief, 
but I did want to explain the environment in greater detail, which will I hope save us a few 
questions, but I'm -- we are now open to questions and -- I mean so this -- thank you. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ganesh Shetty, who is an investor. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Just I have 1 question regarding the details of diversification into other sectors for talent training, 
which was work in progress. Can you please highlight some of the progress during this quarter 
or during the year FY '24? 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Vijay Thadani: 
So as I said, both other sectors as well as other offerings, both have a role to play. So 1 of the 
sectors that I think there is a stronger focus on is the overall India enterprise segment. The India 
Enterprise segment, which is consuming technology. We believe that it is consuming less 
technology. There is some static statistics recently that we've spent on technology compared to 
global metrics is just half on a per capita basis in an organization and significant amount of 
digital transformation is required in these enterprises. That opens up a huge training area. 
 
People have been hesitating to make these investments. But I think Generative AI is a very easy 
way by which they can see how organizations can benefit. I refer to the fireside chats we had. 
And I think that's our takeaway from those chats as well that organizations are looking to 
improve their capability in handling generative in a manner that can make them more 
competitive and grow faster. That definitely is one -- if I may use the word sector, though it is a 
customer segment. 
 
The second is, I think, the whole manufacturing and Industry 4.0 and TR&D. These are sectors 
where some work is happening but we don't have something specific to share as we speak. The 
third area, which is in still longer term is the whole energy transition that is happening and the 
renewable energy space and the skills those that will be required. And we have talked about this 
before, are another area that we are working on. But that's too early to talk about some of these 
things some of these longer-term areas now, but those are the focus areas that the company is 
looking at. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Sir, my second question is regarding the NIIT Confluence, which we had recently in Goa. This 
is a yearly Conference Confluence, which we have. And will you please give some the highlights 
of this event and how this is helping us to building brand and onboarding future customers, can 
you please throw some light on this? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay, thank you for that question. We have -- we hold this event. Actually, this tradition started 
in our U.S. operations first many years ago. And we found that L&D professionals who are our 
customers or L&D leaders who are our customers do not have enough platforms to share their 
own ideas and their own achievements with others in that fraternity. And that led us to getting 
them together, not with an intention to sell them more. But for them to share their experiences 
and the process of sharing their experiences and specific pursuits. 
 
They also mentioned NIIT, and obviously, because they are our partners. And in that process, 
indirectly there is overall learning, which takes place for everyone because as you learn from 
each other. But I think also it strengthens the belief that they are working with the right partner 
as well as discover newer ideas that happens. So we typically keep it a restricted gathering, 60 
to 80 people. We meet in a closed door environment, people exchange their notes freely, they 
look at impact of, for example, generative AI and how that will contribute to learning and 
development. We pitch in and tell them what we are getting ready with and they repeat it, they 
give us feedback. That helps us also refine our products. So it's a great learning experience for 
any L&D leader who is participating, but it's also equally educative for us and helps us plan our 
strategy as well as our offerings going forward. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
Typically, these events lead us to open some new doors because we would offer -- we would get 
about 80% of our existing customers and we will get 20% of those who show interest in events 
like this who are not yet our customers. Those 20% definitely go back much more motivated to 
work with us and that does result in a positive impact. Even the existing customers go back and 
look at other offerings, which they may not be using from NIIT. 
 
So overall, it's a very, very positive thing, and it explains it helps us position NIIT as a thought 
leader in a few areas. Everybody understand that NIIT is the thought leader in training space. 
But to get thought leadership in newer ways of training, I think is a rather interesting opportunity. 
In this Confluence we had generative AI. And I think some of the stuff which people shared as 
well as what we shared with them, I think, did cause a lot of positive momentum, impact of 
which we will see during the year. I hope that answers your question. 
Vijay Thadani: 
While you are waiting for questions, I can ask Mr. Pawar to talk about generative AI because 
he's personally leading this initiative across the organization and in establishing and as the 
thought leader. So Raj do you want to share something? 
Rajendra Pawar: 
I think I'm sure everybody on this call is quite excited about GenAI without knowing too much 
or by knowing too much, but I think it could be said that this is the beginning of something that 
is significant. And since it processes language rather than data, and there is nobody who doesn't 
deal with language, I'm giving a very high-level abstraction, it is going to affect each and every 
person and hopefully in a positive way. So we see that we are almost in a position where we 
were in the '80s that we were trying to teach IT to people who didn't know. It is almost as 
fundamental as that except that people now have digital literacy at peaks. 
 
So at 1 level, there is a task for us to look at building appreciation and awareness and basic skills 
on GenAI at scale. And that's an opportunity that we are working upon. The second is, of course, 
a more serious one that how do organizations take create advantage from GenAI. And there, we 
currently see some confusion in the marketplace given the uncertainties of the risks that GenAI 
may put. So that creates the need for more technical understanding of this technology and a need 
to build architecture which protect organizations against possible risk. 
 
And so those have been deeper training programs, which will get people to have an 
understanding of how their language-based interaction with the corporate data and the data 
outside. How will that be done in a secured fashion, how will that be done without violating 
principles of privacy and so on. So right from the basic part, you see all the way down to fairly 
detailed technical work which needs an understanding of data, understanding of analytics, 
understanding of cybersecurity, discipline that we deal with otherwise. So there's a range of 
programs that we are putting together. That is 1 dimension just on the curricular side. 
 
The other side, and we just alluded to that is how we learn. I think GenAI holds great promise 
not fully realized yet, but great promise of working towards customizing learning to a market of 
one. It has been a dream for the world, but we are reaching a position where pedagogically, it 
will be possible to deal with each learner in a more unique fashion. And we have already 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
reasonable understanding of how to do that, and we will be rolling that out during the course of 
the year so that we can get much more effectiveness in learning from each learn. 
 
Needless to say, the extent of change is happening in digital transformation at one level and 
which I again alluded to the increase. We see the role of Chief Digital Officer becoming quite 
common in companies in addition to a Chief Information Officer. And so these are very often 
not technology folks, they have business folks who are being challenged to see how to induct 
technology into their real work. 
I think this will spread technology deeper and wider, and we are looking at ways to make it faster 
and quicker using GenAI. I'm giving you just the drivers of our strategy on GenAI. And we have, 
as an organization, embarked an ambitious plan that started many quarters ago, but we are 
bringing -- are beginning to bring it to the market, and we expect that this should give us a kind 
of recognition and brand salience for more and more than us at every level in every sector of the 
economy. That's with the agenda statement. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. meanwhile, do we have any questions? 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Rahil Shah: 
With this guidance you've given INR380 crores to INR400 crores, is it next year? So that -- you 
mean FY '25, correct? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. And so to go along with it, what is the margin guidance -- EBITDA margin expectations? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Margin expectations. Going forward. FY '25? Yes. As I mentioned that we are in an investment 
mode in 1 part of the business, while the enterprise go-to-market has a very decent 15% 
plus/minus margin. The consumer go-to-market is an investment phase. And therefore, 
balancing the 2, we expect to see a 3% to 5% margin as we complete the year. I think we will 
start the year on a breakeven or slightly lower than breakeven basis. But I think over the year, 
we will gradually make up because the larger investments are in the first part of the year and the 
returns will accumulate as we come through the year. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. So 3% to 5% is what we're expecting. Okay. And sir, earlier, you mentioned in one of the 
calls that the company's long-term vision is reaching revenues of INR1,200 crores by FY '28. 
So what are your views on that now given the landscape of the industry that you see and witness? 
And along with that, what will be the margin trajectory to go as it progress through these years? 
So just your thoughts on that now. 
Vijay Thadani: 
So on an organic growth, this is, I think, the kind of growth that we are seeking next year will 
match well with the trajectory that we have tasked for ourselves. Of course, one precursor to 
that, is that we do expect that in the second half, the hiring resumption by large GSIs because 
they continue to remain the largest beneficiaries of our offerings as well as the largest employers 
of our technology workforce. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 
Having said that, as we have diversified our portfolio, I think our dependence on that is reducing 
because now the advanced skills as well as BFSI and India Enterprise are beginning to be a 
larger percentage, but we still need that element. We do believe that, that will happen, and will 
continue at a reasonable pace over the years. So if we do that organic growth, I think we will be 
on the right trajectory at 30%-odd on a year-on-year basis. But as far as inorganic is concerned, 
that is an important component of that. And I think of our INR1,200 crores story because we 
have corpus available to invest on inorganic growth. 
 
We are looking for suitable targets. We have been in a number of discussions, having concluded 
yet any one of them to a level where we can share the details. But I think at an appropriate time, 
that will happen. The number of targets should increase because there is a lot of turmoil in the 
industry and there may be good organizations available or good setups available match with our 
value systems as well as our vision. 
 
Having said that, there is a lot of destruction, I should say, value destruction, which has taken 
place in the tech sector, and therefore, one has to be careful that we don't make wrong choices. 
So it is in that context is that I would like to see. So if you add both of them, I think we would 
be on the on the trajectory that we had set on INR1,200 crores by FY '25. 
Rahil Shah: 
And on the margins by then, that will also gradually function similarly? 
Vijay Thadani: 
I think margin will improve as soon as we achieve critical mass, margins will start improving. 
And once margin improve, we -- as we mentioned, we do expect a 15% to 20% margin. This is 
a business which should be 15% to 20% margin with the business mix that we have and the 
continued investments that we require. So I think that should also happen as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. I truly appreciate you joining this call. This is a busy 
results season. And for you to spare your time for us. We truly appreciate. We did discuss and 
clarify all that we wanted to clarify. In case there are any further questions or follow-up 
questions, Kapil Saurabh will be -- Kapil Saurabh, our colleague from who handles Investor 
Relations in addition to other responsibilities, he and all of us will be very happy to answer those 
questions. 
Next week, we intend to be in Mumbai and would have an opportunity to meet some of you, we 
would also be at an investor meet next week. So that should give us an opportunity as well. So 
looking forward to meet you in person and answer more of your questions and have a debate 
and get some guidance on the future. Thank you very much once again for your interest in NIIT. 
Wishing you the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of NIIT Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
