 
 
May 07, 2024  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on April 30, 
2024, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter and year ended  
March 31, 2024, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2024.05.07 
15:47:17 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q4 FY2024 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: April 30, 2024 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram – Head Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, Ladies and Gentlemen. I'm Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, 
I welcome you all to the company's Q4 and FY 2024 Earnings 
Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management team, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agrawal, Whole-
Time Director; and Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature 
and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide No. 3 
of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you sir. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Good evening, everyone and  welcome to IndiaMART's FY '24 
earnings webinar. We have circulated our earnings presentation, 
which is available on our website as well as on the stock exchange 
websites. I'm sure you would have gone through the presentation, 
and I would be more than happy to take any questions afterwards. 
 
I'm pleased to report that IndiaMART has delivered a Consolidated 
Collections from Customers of Rs. 484 Crores in Q4 and Rs. 1,474 
Crores in the full-year representing a year-on-year growth of 16% 
and 21%, respectively. Deferred Revenue grew by 24% to Rs. 1,440 
Crores on Consolidated basis. Consolidated Revenue from 
Operations has grown by 17% to Rs. 315 Crores for the Q4 and 21% 
to Rs. 1,197 crores for the full year. 
 
Unique Business Enquiries have also shown some good growth this 
year to 24 million representing a YoY growth of about 14%. Total 
Paying Suppliers have grown to 214K. The Net paying supplier 
addition was slightly improved from about 1.8K suppliers last 
quarter to 2.7K suppliers in this quarter. As we have been 
communicating since the last two quarters, we continue to see more 
than anticipated churn on first year silver customers. Our Platinum 
and Gold customers, which constitute approximately 50% of our 
customer base and 75% of revenue, continue to have very low churn 
and continue to grow healthily in terms of ARPU as well as numbers 
both. As soon as we see improvement in the churn on the silver 
customers, we would come back with a better guidance on net 
addition per quarter. 
 
As we continue to strengthen our organization and leadership, we 
are set to welcome Mr. Jitin Diwan, who would be joining us as CFO 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
designate from May 15th  and would take over the role of CFO from 
June 15th. Mr. Prateek Chandra, who has been with us as Chief 
Financial Officer for almost nine years now, would move on to 
become the Chief Strategy Officer and focus more on inorganic 
growth, including exploration of mutual synergies between 
IndiaMART and its investee companies. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. Busy has done a Net Billing of Rs. 
18.1 crores in Q4 and Rs. 69.7 crores in the full year. This represents 
a year-on-year growth of 29% and 45% respectively. The Revenue 
from Operations, grew by 24% year-on-year to Rs. 14.4 crores in 
Q4 and it grew by 23%, to Rs. 53.3 crores for the entire year. The 
Deferred Revenue has grown by 59% to Rs. 43.5 Crores. Busy has 
also generated positive cash flows from operations of Rs. 6.1 Crores 
during the quarter and Rs. 24 Crores for the full-year. During the 
quarter, we also sold 9.5K new licenses, taking the total count of 
licenses sold to 364K. The new licenses sold during the entire year 
are approximately 33K.  
The overall performance has been in line with our expectations and 
we are focused on maintaining our growth rate in the coming year 
as well. With this, I will hand over the call to Prateek so that he can 
discuss about the financial performance. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Good evening, everyone. I will take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter and the fiscal year ending March 2024. 
Consolidated Collections from customers was Rs. 484 Crores in the 
fourth quarter and Rs. 1,474 Crores on a full year basis, representing 
a year-on-year growth of 16% and 21%, respectively. IndiaMART 
Standalone Collection from Customers for the quarter were at Rs. 
465 crores and for the full year were at Rs. 1,399 crores, registering 
year-on-year growth of 16% and 20%, respectively. 
 
The Standalone Revenue from Operations stood at Rs. 299 crores 
for the quarter and Rs. 1,139 Crores for the full year, registering 
year-on-year growth of 17% and 21% respectively. Our growth in 
revenue was primarily driven by a 6% increase in paying suppliers 
and 10% improvement in ARPU due to higher monetization. 
Deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,440 crores, an increase of 24% on 
YoY basis. 
 
EBITDA of IndiaMART standalone business stood at Rs. 90 crores 
for quarter four and Rs. 334 crores for the full year, representing a 
margin of 30% and 29% respectively. Consolidated EBITDA was at 
Rs. 88 crores for quarter four and Rs. 331 crores for the full year 
representing a margin of 28% for both the periods. Consolidated net 
profit for the quarter was Rs. 100 crores, which included one-time 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
net fair value gain of Rs. 29 Crores on account of revaluations of 
few of our investments, primarily Procmart due to their recently 
concluded fund raise activity. 
 
Consolidated cash generated from operations was Rs. 260 Crores for 
quarter four and Rs. 559 Crores for the full year. Consolidated cash 
and treasury balance stood at Rs. 2,340 Crores as of March 31, 2024. 
Board of Directors have also recommended a final dividend of Rs. 
20 per equity share for fiscal year 2024 subject to approval of the 
shareholders at AGM. Thank you very much. We are now ready to 
take any questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panelists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the chat menu and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the 
participants. We will wait for a couple of moments while the 
question queue assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Vivekanand from Ambit Capital. 
Hi, Vivekanand, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Yeah. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. This is Vivekanand 
from Ambit. So, my two questions. The first one is on 
collections. The last two quarters, we have been seeing that the 
standalone collections have been growing at 16% year-on-year, 
materially below the trajectory, the 20% plus trajectory, that 
Dinesh, you keep highlighting. I understand some of this could 
be due to churn, which may be temporary. But your aspiration 
was to grow collections at 20% to 30% CAGR and now 
collections is growing at a materially slower pace. So just wanted 
to get your thoughts on the extent to which the market is 
penetrated, and are there any other challenges that you see that 
are perhaps symptomatic of this issue, which is obviously a very 
big one for investors.  
The second question is on the margin trajectory. We are seeing 
that the margins are improving. Costs seem to be under control, 
not growing at the same pace as before. Could you help us think 
through the margins for the standalone business over the next 
two, three years and the key levers? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Vivekanand. Yes, you rightly highlighted that last 
quarter our collections grew by 17% and this particular quarter, our 
collections from customers grew at 16%. So, as you rightly 
highlighted, that the number of customers, net customer addition has 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
not been growing for the last four quarters or so and that is putting 
a pressure on the collection which is only coming from the ARPU. 
 
So if you really see out of the 16% or 17% collection growth that 
we're getting, only 6% is coming from the new customers, while 
most of the other 10% is coming from ARPU growth per customer. 
We were hoping that, we will get another 2-3% increase in the 
customer base per quarter, which is happening. Last quarter, we 
added the lowest of our customers at 1.8K customers and this 
quarter, we have added 2.7K customers. 
 
I'm hopeful that slowly and slowly, we will improve on net customer 
addition and my aspiration, as you rightly said continues to be 20-
25% in the collection growth. 30% at this juncture on a standalone 
basis sounds little difficult, but yes on a consolidated basis, I 
continue to have an long term aspiration for 33% of the collection 
growth or revenue growth. Is there anything else? Nothing 
materially that I can, say. 
 
One thing that I can probably point out is that we have continuously 
found ways on the Platinum customer to improve the ARPUs and as 
we are slowly and slowly implementing the category based pricing, 
some of those customers are taking little more time than anticipated 
to convert to higher value packages. So that could be just one, but I 
am not yet able to definitely say that other than the customer churn, 
anything else is doing that. 
 
On the margin side, as you can see two, three things have happened. 
One, we got our last quarter annual increment effected from the 1st  
December instead of 1st January. So some of it is helped by that. 
Secondly, if you see, on the sales and marketing side, we have 
continued to improve quarter-and-quarter in terms of sales and 
marketing cost  so while it used to be 20% in the FY '23. It has come 
down to 18%, and in this quarter, it is 17%. How it has been 
happening? 
Because as I promised you, we are going to probably cut down a 
little bit from Tier 4 and nonprofitable places, so that optimization 
and focusing on more core markets has been able to do this. Some 
of it could be productivity gain. Also, the overall cost base which 
had grown very rapidly from mid of FY '22 to mid of FY '23 because 
we were hiring heavily on the product and technology front also. So, 
if you see, there is a consistent drop from 19% to 17% as the revenue 
from operation. So that is also helping and maybe a very little 
coming from the general and administration. General administration 
is not coming much because most of the juice has already been taken 
out. 
 
But as the revenue will continue to grow, maybe a few bps every 
year, we will get from there. So, from that perspective, I can assure 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
you that, we are now feeling lot more confident of 30% plus margin. 
And maybe we will improve by 1% every year, going forward from 
here. Thank you. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Thank you, Dinesh, for the very elaborate answers. Just pressing 
a bit further on the collections point. How confident are you to 
resolve this issue, with respect to churn? Because this is the third 
quarter that churn seems to be cited as a key issue, and you don't yet 
seem to have the answers to resolve the elevated levels of churn and, 
if I may also add, could you help us understand the churn levels in 
percentage terms across the key customer buckets? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So as I said, in the platinum customer, our churn are like a 0.5% 
per month or 6% to 7%, 8% per annum. On a gold, we continue to 
have 1% per month or 12% to 14% per annum. On the silver side, 
on a silver monthly, we are like 7% to 8% per month and on the 
silver annual, we are running at about 40% per annum. So these are 
the churn metrics that I repeated last time also. Very little 
improvement even if we get 1% per month improvement, in the tele 
monthly or the silver monthly, what we call internally, and silver 
annual. I think we would be suddenly looking at double the net 
customer addition from here on. So I hope that over the next quarter 
or so, I should be able to give you some positive results, but that's 
the only thing I can say for now. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Sure. Thank you, and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Vivekanand. Next question is from the line of Nikhil 
Choudhary from Nuvama. Hi, Nikhil. Please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Dinesh, my first question is on the 
collection side again. Just want to understand last time when we 
discussed the commentary by you was that collection be, will go 
back to 20% plus in coming quarters and given the collection 
slowdown further. So, while supplier addition part was part of the 
expectation, I believe. So was there some disappointment, even on 
ARPU side, and that's what led to collection where they are? Also, 
while ambition is to may get back collection to 25% or 30% growth. 
Any guidance for FY'25 for coming quarters, given supplier 
addition, continue to remain lower? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I'd continue to hope for a 20% plus collection but Prateek is 
telling me to say Holi was in the last week in March. I don't want to 
take that face behind the shield. But all said and done, I think 20% 
collection is doable. We should have done that, purely and purely it 
could be one day here and there, miss. But 20% collection is doable, 
and I'm confident and I continue to be confident that we will deliver 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
a 20% collection growth in coming quarter and coming many 
quarters. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. There is further improvement in other few KPIs, that 
especially registered buyers increased further. Last time you 
mentioned that, it could have increased due to some scraping or 
something, or web crawling or something. But, is this improvement 
now a sustainable trend or organic trend? And do you think this will 
lead to improvement even in purchasing our unique business 
enquiry increasing? Because, while the unique business enquiry 
increased 14% YoY from a lower base, it's at a similar level what 
we were seeing in Q2. So from that level, we haven't seen a material 
improvement in business enquiry. So, is the registered buyer can be 
seen as early indicator there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think you should always focus on unique business enquiries 
and unique business enquiry number has grown handsomely by 14% 
this quarter also, and 14% last quarter also. So, effectively, if you 
see FY'22 and FY'21 were both COVID years and during the 
COVID, we have gone through a lot of shortage for a lot of medical 
devices and medical related items, food and food related items. Now 
that world has gone back to physical world, we show a very little 
drop in unique business enquiry in FY'23 and FY'24. 
 
We are almost back at FY'21 and FY'22 numbers. Effectively, now 
we are consistently doing 23 million, 24 million per quarter. So I'm 
confident that next year we will comfortably be looking at 100 
million plus unique business enquiries. So I don't get, where are you 
saying that 14% was last quarter also and this quarter also. 
 
In terms of the registered buyers, as I said, a lot of scraping 
nowadays is very common for very popular website and, people also 
come and try and see if this particular number or this particular email 
has an account on IndiaMART or account on Facebook or account 
on Amazon or account on Zomato. So, there are a lot of these 
advertising companies that are also trying to collect this kind of data 
from different mechanism. So that is why I don't rely too much on 
the registered buyer numbers or the traffic numbers, more so on the 
Unique business enquiries numbers. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Understood. Last one on margin. Margins were very strong, 
similar to last quarter. Even though you highlighted that wage hikes 
started from December this time. Still, on QoQ basis, the margins 
were more or less flattish, despite of two month of wage hike in Q4 
and clearly, sales and marketing is the one part where there was 
hardly an improvement on QoQ basis, despite, general trend what 
we've seen in previous years that you pay large bonuses. Is it fair to 
assume that that benefit is largely due to lower bonus payment? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. So if you will see the customer service cost, the most of the 
bonuses will go into the customer service, because they come for 
renewal and upsell. On the sales and marketing, if you see on 
quarter-on-quarter, this is the new customer acquisition engine. 
Most of the bonus will be and bonus this particular year also, if I 
remember correctly, it was higher by 40% from the previous year 
same quarter. So I don't know which number you are referring to. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Understood. The only point, last one I have is regarding the 
employee edition, which was about 200. Just wanted to confirm is, 
this edition was for the full quarter or this 200 addition was during 
the end of quarter? That's from cost perspective? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I don't have that detail. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure. Thank you. Good luck for the coming period. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Nikhil. Next question is from the line of Swapnil from JM 
Financials. Hi, Swapnil. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hey. Thanks for the opportunity. First, I wanted to understand on 
the breakup of the collection's growth, which is around 16%. So 
what I understand, obviously, it includes the paying supplier base 
and then the ARPUs but there is also a third element, which is 
basically the average tenure, or customers are taking a longer period 
tenure instead of a one year or a monthly plan. So that also supports 
collections growth if I'm not wrong. So just wanted to understand. 
So, if I were to break it down, what would be the collections growth 
attributable to, because some of the customers would have taken 
longer tenure plans within that 16%. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Swapnil. I don't have that particular number, handy. 
Not much of a material change, because on the multi-year customer 
mix, so annual and monthly mix, annual has definitely increased by 
4-5% because monthly customers, we have tried to discontinue from 
Tier 4 towns. But you want to add something? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yes. Swapnil, just to clarify, I think when you're looking at ARPU, 
that is essentially the revenue numbers, which is a result of the 
collections done in the previous quarters, because 80% of the 
revenues is coming in from the opening balance of deferred 
revenues of that particular quarter. So when we look at collection 
for the quarter, the 6% is, let's say the customer growth and you can 
say roughly around 10% is an ACPU growth or collection per 
customer growth. So most of this growth is largely from the gold 
and platinum customers. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. But he's asking annual versus multi-year.  
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal:  Had there been a change in the mix? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
No. The mix had been pretty similar. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It’s just that total customers or count of the annual and multi year 
has grown. Gold and platinum customers count has grown. Not a 
material change there? And that’s also visible in your deferred 
revenue schedule. So if you really see deferred revenue schedule, 
the current and non-current portion haven't changed materially. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. I take your point. But if I were to just understand it a bit more. 
Typically collections mainly comes from the renewals or people in 
the gold and platinum tiers because silver, inherently contributes 
very less to the collections and my sense is like, the 80% of the 
collections comes from the premium categories versus around 15% 
to 20% from silver. So why would a churn, so my question is, why 
would a churn in silver category impact your collections growth? I 
mean, if it contributes just 15% to 20% to your collections, why is 
your collections growth slowing down then? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. Very right question, and that should have slowed down 
only by 1% or 2%, not by the 4 or 5%. You're right. So that 4% or 
5%, because what happens if there is a continuous low growth in the 
customer base, our ability to upsell from the silver to gold to 
platinum also gets limited. So the collection growth, while you are 
right, it comes from gold and platinum, majorly but it's been four 
quarters or three full quarters where we have not been able to grow 
customer base significantly. 
Every time we add 5,000, 6,000, 7,000 customers, we also add a 
pipeline to gold and platinum, which will give you a nine months 
later or a six months later. The same customer will go to the gold or 
platinum and give you Rs. 1 lakh there. I explained this earlier also 
when this has started happening that, if the net customer addition is 
one quarter here or there, I'm not bothered about long-term growth 
opportunities. But if the customer addition for 4-5 quarters going to 
be affected, then it will start to show up in collection first. 
Collection last quarter was 17% growth, and the revenue was still 
growing at 21%. This quarter, if you see collection growth has also 
come down to 16%, and revenue growth has also come down to 
17%. So if you take our business, customer growth, followed by 
collection growth, followed by deferred revenue growth, and 
followed by revenue growth. So they all will show up one or two 
quarter after the thing. So if something goes wrong for a continued 
long period of time, it's more like a 100 day moving average. 
 
So, if number of customers for 365 days have not been adding up to 
the expectation, the collection will start to slow down. If the 
collection will start to slowdown, a deferred revenue would start to 
slowdown and if deferred revenue would start to slowdown, the 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
revenue would start to slowdown. So that's what we are seeing, and 
I am hoping that customer growth would take a U-turn from here on 
and over the next two, three quarters, it should come back to our 
5,000, 6,000 normal customer growth. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. And one more question, with respect to the churn itself. Now 
you in the opening remarks, you mentioned that, the churn is 
happening mainly in the first year silver monthly customers? And 
I'm presuming, they would be onboarded at an average realisation 
of around 2,500, which was the norm prior to the May hike that we 
took. So if we are not able to retain these customers who were there 
at 2.5K per month. And now we have taken a 20% hike in May. 
What is the confidence level of you have to keep on adding 
customers at 5,000, 6,000 that you just mentioned? 
 
Because, I would presume the customers who are on a lower 
realisation, they would be, you can retain them far easier than 
someone who is on 20% higher realisation. And we are seeing the 
challenge in the low tier. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: One, I think our price was Rs. 3,000 plus tax, just pre-COVID. 
We brought it down to Rs. 2,500 during the COVID because we 
wanted to support the thing. The churn did not go out of hand in the 
May, until March 2023. And you may be completely right that is 
this Rs. 500 that is causing this churn to happen? While all our 
understanding is that it is purely and purely affordability item. It has 
nothing to do with the conversion item or stickiness item. People 
who want to try at that point of time, it does matter. So our gross 
additions should suffer, and they did suffer. 
But on a trial basis, if somebody tried it for a month or two or three, 
either he will get enough value that it will be more than enough for 
a Rs. 2,500 or Rs. 3,000 even for a Rs. 5,000 customer. It is the entry 
level which is more problematic. Post Rs. 3,000 to Rs. 6,000 there 
are very few customers who want to continue on a monthly basis. 
They would either move to a trustseal or move to a maximiser or 
move to a star supplier, within a year or 18 months of time frame. 
There are very few customers who stay for second year or a third 
year on a silver monthly customer. 
 
In the silver annual, yes, you can say that almost 50% of the 
customers will continue even in the second year as a silver annual, 
but not in silver monthly. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
But then what is the confidence that we would be able to do 5,000 
to 6000 additions that you just mentioned, next year, given that this 
issue may persist next year as well? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: As I said, I've been trying. I can only say I'm trying. Reducing 
the price won't help. That much, I can say. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. Got it. Thanks for the opportunity and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Swapnil. Next question is from the line of Samarth Patel 
from Equirus Securities. Hi Samarth, please go ahead with your 
question. Okay. We could not connect with Samarth Patel. We'll 
take question from Mr. Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity Advisors. 
Hi, Anirudh, please go ahead with your question. Anirudh, please 
unmute yourself. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Yes. Hi, am I audible? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, you're audible. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions from my 
side. So just one question is, as we aspire to grow collections at 20% 
plus, is it fair to assume that the unique buyer enquiries also must 
grow at a similar pace? Because finally, it's the buyer enquiries that 
feeds our customer addition growth or ARPU increase over time and 
if that's true then, do you think that the business enquiry growth that 
we're looking to achieve, which is say 93 million going to a 100 
million, would that be sufficient to kind of drive that growth? So just 
wanted to understand, how are we thinking about long-term business 
enquiry growth to kind of achieve our aspirational collection 
growth? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. So if you see our traffic and active buyers and unique 
business enquiries over a long period of time, have grown at 20% 
CAGR growth rate, while our paying suppliers have grown at 15% 
CAGR. So we still have sufficient enough margin and this is on a 
CAGR level. To monetize customers better by doing a better 
matchmaking so I don't think it's the number of buyers. Yes, number 
of buyers would help. But is that a limiting factor for us, over the 
next few quarters or few years? 
No, so over a longer period of time, even if my unique business 
enquiries grow by 15%, I think we should continue to grow by 20% 
in terms of the collection growth. For now, even if we are growing 
at 10% because we had excellent jump from FY'22 to FY'23 at 30 
odd percent, I think we are fine there. It is not because of the less 
number of buyers that we have. Yeah. It is because of the kind of 
buyers that a supplier is looking for or the location in which a 
supplier is looking for, that is not happening. And most of the time, 
we are still finding the supplier's own ability to understand and put 
enough time and energy on the platform to be able to convert those 
leads. 
 
So they say that, you have enough leads, but we could not convert 
them because the buyer was asking for too much of a discount. We 
did not do enough follow-up. So those are one of the important 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
pieces of churn. But yes, more buyers would definitely help and we 
continue to find ways to serve the buyer better so that we can have 
more repeat buyer because in terms of the total registered buyers or 
in terms of the last 12 month active buyers, we are already reaching 
almost 40 million active buyers. 
 
Looking at the B2B market size, I mean we might be already 40% 
penetrated in terms of the buyer side base. I just keep assuming that 
there would be a 100 million B2B buyers in India whom we can 
attract on a yearly basis. How many of them we can attract on 
quarterly basis, on monthly basis? That is the more important piece 
for us. Hope that answers. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Very helpful. And say if the market is 100 million, we are at 40 
million, do you think at some point advertisement could help to 
attract more buyers and from frequency of transaction perspective, 
just getting them to do more, transact more in your platform. What 
are the levers that we have available there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. So when we get a little bit handle on churn, I think we will 
try and address the buyer churn also. First, let us get some comfort 
on the supplier churn and then will come to the buyer churn. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
So my next question is on the gross profit margin. The last couple 
of years, gross profit margin seems to have come down. Just want 
to understand the reasons and going forward, where do you think the 
gross profit margin could settle? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So pre-COVID, it was 72%. Now we are 73%. I mean FY'21, 
FY'22, were anyway different years, and then we got back all the 
investment in place. So I think we are doing fine and we'll continue 
to probably improve by 1% from here on. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
So we should see an improvement in when you say EBITDA margin 
can improve by 1%, is that primarily going to come from gross profit 
margin improvement, or we could see? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I think it'll come more from the bottom, less from the gross profit 
margin. Gross profit margin might improve by 0.5% or so but sales 
and marketing and technology and content, I believe we should be 
able to. I mean, it's a combination of all of them, but not on a 
quarterly basis, but on a yearly basis when we will draw the trend, 
we will know but I'm more confident that we should be able to do 
more than 1% for sure. 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. Thank you for taking my questions. That's it. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Anirudh. Next question is from the line of Abhisek 
Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Hi, Abhisek. Please go ahead with 
your question. Abhishek, we can't hear you. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hello, can you hear me now? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, Abhishek. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Just trying to understand on the manpower cost, right, the net 
additions have been low for almost the last four quarters. So by now, 
we would think that manpower should have come off a little bit in 
terms of additions. So what is your outlook going ahead? And also 
this quarter, I saw that the outsourced sales cost has actually 
declined on a sequential basis. So is that indicative of a strategic call 
to not outsource as much anymore? Because some of the churn was 
also due to this. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
So, Abhishek, Prateek here. So if you recollect in the last quarterly 
call, we communicated that from a sales outsourcing standpoint, 
there were two kinds of outsourcing. One, we had a channel partners 
arrangement and up to around 40% of these sales were coming in 
out of that arrangement. So that continues to be as it is. We continue 
to build on that piece. 
 
The second kind of an outsourcing was, where we have outsourced 
sales and it was more the temp staffing companies like GI, 
Spectrum, these types of companies. That part is what we were 
looking at building the sales team in house and reducing dependence 
on those kind of temporary sales staff. 
 
So that was a movement that we planned for the teams and that is 
supposed to be done in two to three quarters time frame. So half of 
that movement has happened. So that's why you see a reduction in 
the outsource sales cost to that extent. And that cost would have got 
added to the manpower cost. Other than that, it has been the normal 
increments and the headcount increases in the other functions if 
there is. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: And that is why you are not seeing the manpower cost declining 
because some of the outsource sale cost has shifted to the manpower. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. So also, with regards to the additions, right net 
additions, given that from Q1 FY'24 is when you had the problem 
of churn so by this time probably, most of the people who were on 
the verge would have churned out. So that kind of implies that Q1 
FY'25, the churn numbers should come down pretty sharply. Is there 
something that I'm missing in this analysis? 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Prateek Chandra: 
Sorry, Abhisek. We could not understand, the relation of 1 year that 
you are drawing.  
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
No. So I'm saying, see the people who were churning out were 
mostly silver monthly and silver yearly customers. So I would 
imagine that the people who were churning out, I mean the less 
valuable customers would have churned out within a year's time 
frame. Because, all their subscriptions would have expired. So from 
Q1 FY'25, we should not see the same problem. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
So, Abhishek, this is, like, let's say the customer acquisition and the 
churn is like it's a monthly progress. It didn't happens every day. So 
it will continue to be a cyclical issue. The only thing what we saw 
in the last year was that, since we started acquiring customers a year 
before, the proportion of the first year customer to the overall 
customer base was slightly higher and because of which, since in the 
first year customers there was a higher churn. You were seeing that 
kind of your churn. 
 
So only as a proportion, if that mix improve, that benefit would 
certainly be visible. However, the churn rate, if I compare it on, like-
to-basis on the silver customers, specifically the first-year 
customers, whether in a monthly or on an annual basis that continues 
to stay at the elevated levels as we said. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
No. That I understand. But just now, you also spoke about the first 
year customers? So, obviously, if the net additions have been on the 
lower side in the last one year. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: You are right. So if the net additions are lower, the first year, 
churn should come down, on a yearly basis because the net addition 
itself is lower. So that should help us by some margin. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Great. Also, if I were to try and understand the strategy for 
monetising the other part of the supplier base, who are not paying 
anything right now. And I know I mean, this is obviously much 
easier said than done. But is there something that you're working 
on? Because, see on one hand, I completely understand the value 
added offerings that you are giving for your platinum customers. I 
mean, for people to be moving to the higher end of the spectrum. 
But at the same time, there is obviously need for a platform to be a 
place for just converted businesses, I mean, largely offline 
businesses to just come online and exist or to create a foothold on 
the online part. So what is the strategy? Is there any way that some 
kind of monetisation can be worked out here? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, we tried in the past by way of Ratoon or things like that. 
I mean, you're saying that is there a value in charging a life time 
free, or at a very low cost with no ROI, free listing in a directory? 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Yeah. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, monetising something, Rs. 1,000 a year, the cost of sales 
is too high. The cost of sales is too high, but it's a good idea. We will 
try once again to see if there is something that we could sell for Rs. 
1,000 a year. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Perfect. And in terms of the overall consolidated performance, I was 
a little surprised to see that Busy on a yearly basis has not really 
outperformed on the profitability part. Anything that you would like 
to call out there, and if there are any corrective actions that are being 
put in place? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I don't think we should look at the profitability of Busy. My 
continuous recommendation to Busy is to have zero EBITDA and 
invest all the money that they can generate into growth. So I'm not, 
even looking at Rs. 1 crore quarterly EBITDA, as being something 
substantial. My only advice is that, don't go into negative, but don't 
try and chase Rs. 2 crore, Rs. 3 crore EBITDA every quarter. Or Rs. 
2 crore, Rs. 3 crore of EBITDA every year.  
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
And the other thing Abhishek there is, if you see, our deferred 
revenues have grown by 59%. The net billing has grown by 44%. 
So what you see is that, there is money that has been collected from 
the customer, which is yet to be recognised. So when you see the 
accounting EBITDA, accounting EBITDA will be on a lower 
recognised revenue whereas all the cost of manpower marketing that 
we've invested in that is already budgeted in, and that is why you 
see lower EBITDA there. But when you look at it on a let's say, 
cash-to-cash basis, the margins still are healthy. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. So, also, you very kindly shared a sheet on your Capex 
expenditures and all. There I saw some strategic investments, which 
were done in this year to the tune of around I think Rs. 25 crores, 
yes. So, what was this, if you could give us some clarity? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
These have been the follow-on investments that we've been making 
in our investee companies. This is the yearly number of Rs. 25 
crores. So, I can give you, in fact, the entity wise breakups maybe 
later on. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. No. That's fine. I was just trying to understand if something 
fresh you have done or not. Okay. This is very helpful. Thank you 
so much for your time. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Abhishek. Next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil 
from RW Investment Advisors. Hi, Sarang. Please go ahead with 
your question. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Hello. Hi. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, 
was there any depreciation, amortisation item that has materially 
impacted this quarter? And should we expect this run rate to 
continue, because we saw quite a jump this quarter? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yeah, Sarang. So, in this particular quarter, other than the regular 
depreciation, there is a one-time impairment charge on our right of 
use of land that we had. During the quarter, the land, it is there, in 
Sector 75, Noida and during the quarter, we've received the 
cancellation notice from the authorities. And while, there is a 
provision to file an appeal against that particular order, and we have 
already filed that appeal. That appeal is pending a review in front of 
the appropriate authorities. 
 
But out of a conservative basis, we have taken that impairment 
provision. Once the outcome of the appeal is more clear, that point 
of time, we will revisit this provision. So this is to the extent of Rs. 
3.5 crores. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay. So we can expect about Rs. 6 crore to Rs. 7 crore run rate? 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Yeah. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
All right. Secondly, though in the previous call you had mentioned 
that moving outsourced salespeople to permanent payroll of the 
company does not help us on the cost side. Just wanted to double 
check that this strategy have not really aided our margin expansion 
this quarter? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. The only thing is that, as you bring them in from a temp 
staffing payroll to a company payroll. While, most of the benefits 
are same, people do value a large company payroll thing. And hope 
that results into some percentage point reduction in the attrition or 
retention, which further helps us improve the productivity that helps 
us improve the sales and marketing cost. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure. So there's no training cost per se when they use to migrate to 
permanent payroll? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean, that would be immaterial to make any difference but I'm 
saying, the attrition has a two edged sword. One, it gives you a cost 
of hiring, cost of training, and the other it gets you a productivity, 
dent both. So in case we are able to save, a few percentage points on 
attrition, by moving people from outsourced to inhouse. That should 
generally help us save some cost and give some better productivity. 
 
Sarang Sanil: 
Yeah. So in the medium to long term, it's a lever for margin. Got it. 
Okay. Thank you so much, and best of luck. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Sarang. Next question is from the line of Jasdeep Walia 
from Clockvine Capital. Hi, Jasdeep. Please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Thanks for taking my question. What is the growth in the number of 
gold and platinum customers for FY'24 and 4Q'24? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Gold and Platinum customers, are now at about 49% of the total 
customer base, which was about 47% at the beginning of the year. 
At the beginning of the year, we were 203K customers and 47.5% 
of that was gold and platinum. Now we are 49% to be precise. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
So what was the number at the beginning of the year, 46.9%? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No. 47.5%. Now it is 49%. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. And what is the growth in revenue of your gold and platinum 
customers for the year? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I always say that approximate number I have given you, that now 
it is close to 75%, but it is still not exactly 75%. 73% is the current 
exact number of the revenue. I won't be able to give you last year's 
number. But last year, top 10% ARPU if you see, top 10% ARPU in 
the FY '23 was Rs. 214K. For the FY'24, it is Rs. 247K, which is 
very similar to platinum ARPU. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. And is there any change in the churn metrics for gold and 
platinum customers or they remain. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Nothing on the platinum side. Platinum is about 12% of our 
customer base or so. Keep varying because of the denominator. On 
the gold side, about 35% of our customer base that's where, because 
the numbers have gone quickly high. So there we have seen a big 
number. So there might be 1% churn movement from 10%, 11% to 
12%, 13%, but that's about it. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
And just to clarify, the churn actually is dependent also on the 
vintage of the customers and the evolution of the customers. So they 
may like, it's vary because of these factors. However, on a like-to-
like basis, there is no change as such in the gold and the platinum 
customer churns. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: They are by and large stable and by and large growing and by 
and large paying more money. 
 
Jasdeep Walia: 
Got it. Thank you. That's all I had. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
April 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Jasdeep. Thank you very much, everyone. It has been a very 
engaging session. I would now like Dinesh, to give us concluding 
remarks. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining our year 
end conference call. We have tried to address your queries, in the 
time available. But in case, any of your questions were not taken up, 
please do reach out to our Investor Relations team on 
investors@indiamart.com, and we will be able to help you from 
there. Thank you, and have a great day and good wishes for your 
next financial year. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude 
this webinar. Thank you. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
