AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
Regd. Office & Mysuru Unit : 
Hootagalli Industrial Area, Off Hunsur Road, Mysuru – 570 018, Karnataka, India 
 
Telephone : 91-821-719 7500, Fax : 91-821-2402451 
 
Email : sec@autoaxle.com, Website : www.autoaxle.com 
CIN : L51909KA1981PLC004198 
ISO 9001:2015 / IATF 16949 : 2016, EMS : ISO : 14001:2015 & OHSAS : ISO : 45001 : 2018 
 
  
 
 
31st May 2024 
 
The BSE Limited                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                        Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G- Block                    
Dalal Street                                               Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 001                                       Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 505010                                   Scrip Code: AUTOAXLES 
                                     
Attn: Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Analyst / Investor Conference Call Transcript. 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated 21st May 2024 regarding Intimation of 
Analyst / Investor Conference Call and with reference to Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III, Part A, Para 15 (b)(ii) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosed herewith Transcript of Analyst/Investor 
Conference Call conducted to discuss on the ‘Automotive Axles Limited Q4 FY24 
Financial Performance Discussion’ held on Tuesday, 28th May 2024 at 11:00 AM (IST). 
 
The Transcription and audio recordings of the same is available on the website of the 
Company https://www.autoaxle.com/Analyst_Investor_Meet.aspx  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
For Automotive Axles Limited 
 
 
 
Debadas Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
DEBADAS 
PANDA
Digitally signed by DEBADAS 
PANDA 
Date: 2024.05.31 13:15:22 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Automotive Axles Limited Q4 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MUTHUKUMAR N – INDIA LEADER, CUMMINS-
MERITOR 
MR. NAGARAJA GARGESHWARI – PRESIDENT & 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, AUTOMOTIVE AXLES 
LIMITED 
MR. RANGANATHAN S – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAILESH RAJA – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Automotive Axles Q4 and FY24 earnings 
conference call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja from Batlivala & Karani Securities. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Thanks Steve. Good morning and thanks to everyone who have logged into Automotive Axles 
4Q and 12 months FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Let me introduce you to the management participating with us today's call. We have with us Mr. 
Muthukumar N: – India Leader, Cummins-Meritor, Mr. Nagaraja – President and Whole-Time 
Director, Automotive Axles and Mr. Ranganathan S – CFO, Automotive Axles Limited. 
Now I like to turn the call to Mr. Muthu sir for the opening remarks for the Q&A. Sir you may 
begin now. 
Muthukumar N: 
Thank you Shailesh and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for taking the time and 
really appreciate you all for joining this Investor Call of Automotive Axles Limited. As you all 
know that Automotive Axles Limited is a joint venture with Kalyani and Meritor earlier and 
now Cummins has acquired this company, and it has become a joint venture between Kalyani 
and Cummins-Meritor. As usual I think we have my team members Nagaraja who handles the 
entire operations space and Mr. Ranganathan, who is our CFO.  
I am sure that yesterday we had a very good meeting, and you all know that even though the 
market is looking little dull at this point of time, the indication is this market is going to be quite 
good next year, at least flat for this year and going forward it is going to be good. We are going 
to talk to you about and clarify all your questions what you have. I will give this to Mr. 
Ranganathan to explain the salient features of the financial, followed by that we will take Q&A 
sessions and me and Nagarajan, would like to answer all your queries. Over to Mr. Ranga.  
Ranganathan S: 
Thank you, Muthu. A very good morning to all of you. Welcome again for the quarterly and also 
the year ended 2024 earnings call. Overall, for the year if you look at it market this year was 
close to about 420,000 vehicle level. There's a marginal recovery overall compared to last year 
to the extent of 3% to 4%. But the larger growth is by and large is in the bus segment mainly 
with our main customer Ashok Leyland.  
Your company is continuing to focus on all the revenue optimization with all our customers. 
This year we ended with a revenue of 2,244 or 2,245 crores with an EBITDA of 11.7% and with 
a PBT of 223 which is close to 10%. All of you know, in the earlier calls also we have been 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
emphasized, our focus is basically improving the revenue with the customers, cost optimization 
through our strategic initiatives and preserve cash is the main focus of our organization that is 
pursued this year. Though as I said the market has grown about close to 4% and we are 
marginally lower than the market growth. By and large there are two reasons, one is about, the 
growth largely has come in the bus segment, one of our major customers and more probably we 
can take it up during the Q&A. But also, we have accommodated the commodity price settlement 
with the customers which is also close to about 0.5% for the financial year. In spite of that our 
approach on the cost optimization and which has improved overall margin though by about 
0.4%. Though the revenue was lowered by 0.3%-0.4%. And during the year, your company has 
generated about close to 196 crores of cash and we have no borrowings at this moment of time 
and all the balance sheet parameters are quite strong. With this introduction probably I may leave 
it to the question-and-answer session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of from. The first question is from the line of Amit Hiranandani from SMIFS 
Limited.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
My first question is, wanted to understand what is the exports growth in this quarter on Q-on-Q 
basis and how the brakes business performed in Q4 on a Q-on-Q and any gains in the market 
share in the brakes division? 
Ranganathan S: 
If you really see the export business overall for the year has grown on value terms is close to 
about 4% to 5%. And of course, there's a little bit of dip in the brakes business for the Q4. So 
overall basis it's purely based on the OE’s requirements.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
Exports on Q4, is it grown on a Q-on-Q basis?  
Ranganathan S:  
Yes. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
My next question, the MHCV production on Q-on-Q basis has increased by about 8% and our 
key customers volume has grown by 15% on a Q-on-Q but Automotive Axles revenue was just 
increased by 5.6%, so what is the reason for this?  
Muthukumar N: 
I think if you look at the quarter growth like what you have indicated, the commercial vehicle 
market has definitely grown up and our key customers have grown. Unfortunately, the growth 
is more on the ICV segment and bus segment where our preference is little less because of the 
competitiveness, I think the team is developing a new product and because of that segment where 
we are not present which is substantially gone up in the last quarter because of the government 
orders that has come from them, mainly from the STUs, we lost little on that segment. But the 
team has done a good job in terms of penetrating more in exports, Defence and other businesses 
and aftermarket to compensate this drop actually, I think that's the main reason. But if you look 
at the competition revenue, it is 15% have grown in volume and I think it's not on value. Our 
key customers is on value not on volume. We have also realized more in terms of revenue 
because of higher value-added products that the team has launched it and this year the team is 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
launching two new products. I think Nagaraj can touch about this where the per axle revenue is 
going to substantially go up which is going to be used for above 49 tons vehicle of haulage or 
the new tipper that is going to get launched. If that answers your base question, I will leave it to 
Mr. Nagaraj to talk about the new product that is going to be launched to take up our per axle 
revenue. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So, we are planning for two new axles which will be applicated for 49 tons and above. Like what 
Muthu mentioned, this not only increases the value for us but also it helps us in consolidating 
our share of business in the growing segment. Apart from that we did talk about our last presence 
in the bus axle. We are at this point of time mainly present in the 12-meter buses. So, we have a 
new product coming in which is optimized specifically for a 9-meter bus which we'll be 
launching this year. And also, we are getting into launching dia 325 and 360 brakes with one of 
our key OEM. All these product launches should help us to not only improve our product line 
but also help us in growing the revenue in future. Whenever there is a bus segment growth is 
there. We should be able to actively participate in it and make the best advantage of it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha.  
Radha: 
My first question was in our current revenue, what is the contribution of bus segment and what 
is the contribution of LCV-ICV segment?  
Muthukumar N: 
While we normally don't give the setup of segment wise sale. But I can tell you one general 
thing. In terms of commercial vehicle medium and heavy, in terms of tipper all of this our 
presence is 100%. But if you look at bus, I am talking in terms of the models our presence will 
be around 50%-55%. Nagaraj, please correct me if I am wrong. But in terms of value, the 9 
meter and smaller buses our presence is less. Is that right Nagaraj or you want to add anything? 
It's a segment you are introducing a new product, right on the queue. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes, it's a 9-meter segment which is a high-volume segment, high volume low margin kind of a 
segment. Also, it is a little bit cyclical like you mentioned in your opening remarks. It's based 
on the government orders. So that's where we are going to introduce a new product so that we 
can take the best advantage of it.  
Radha: 
Sorry your voice was breaking. If I heard it correctly, you mentioned that you are present in 
50%-55% of the models in the LCV-ICV segment of the industry. And in the bus currently it is 
in 12 meter and you are entering into 9 meter which is more cyclical? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. 
Radha: 
Secondly you mentioned two new product launches, dia 325 and 360. How do you see a revenue 
mix change, product mix change because of these two launches in the next 2 to 3 years? And 
what could be the margin scenario because of changing product mix?  

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Sometimes, probably Muthu can answer it better. But what we are focusing on is in our presence 
in all the segment, so that during the quarter or during the year one particular segment grows or 
another segment stagnates or degrows, we should be able to still protect our revenue and share 
of business. Just to give you a kind of a rough numbers, with the addition of these new products, 
potentially we will be able to address another 5% to 10% of the market which currently we are 
not present in or those markets which are going to grow.  
Muthukumar N: 
Thank you Nagaraj for that clarification. Radha, I think you ask the question of how much we 
are present in different segments. What happens with this market, there is a dynamic situation 
of changing depending on the government order, government bid, international export orders 
and it keeps changing. Currently if you look at overall, our presence in the commercial vehicle 
segment of 7.5 tons and above will be around 65% to 70% of the largest customer. What Nagaraj 
is trying to say, in fact the smallest commercial vehicles like those are (Inaudible) (14.40). By 
introducing this new product what Mr. Nagaraj was saying that the 9-meter bus our coverage 
will go up by 8% to 10% which means we'll be going up to coverage of about 75% to 80%. 
However, still there will be some segments which we may not be present but please do 
understand that there presence also will be very less because we supply 100% in most of any 
commercial vehicles 18 tons and above and our presence is very strong there. So, just to make 
sure that when the market changes this vehicle model for the end customer depending on the 
different situation like government order or construction equipment or infrastructure, we are 
trying to gear up to present a product across 100%. That's our wish. But in reality, what happens 
is we are not able to present 100% because of competitiveness because of various things and the 
team is working to launch a product. Every product that we launch should be competitive. I think 
the team has identified a 9-meter bus product now which is going to be competitive and going 
to bring the value for what we are looking at in this conference at the same time meet the 
customers aspiration of reliability. So, at this point in time like what he said we will be touching 
up to 75% to 80% now and then further we may have to go further to 100% at some point of 
time.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt sir but the current participant has been disconnected. We will move to the next 
question. It's from the line of Amit Hiranandani from SMIFS Limited.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sorry my line earlier got dropped. My question is, can you just give me broad revenue breakup 
for axles, brakes, exports and others?  
Ranganathan S: 
Amit, generally we don't give revenue breakdown and as we have mentioned in the previous 
calls also but definitely the axles sales play a significant portion of the total revenue size.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
And the current capacity utilization for axles and brakes and what would be your annual CAPEX 
plan for the next 2 years?  
Ranganathan S: 
As we have mentioned in the earlier calls also, the investment basically apart from the sustenance 
CAPEX what we do it, we are consciously working on improving our productivity as well as 
capacity as we introduce new products as well as in terms of automizing the plant towards 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
efficiency and all the stuff. So probably these areas we are currently positioning towards the 
investment the next 2 years kind of about 50 to 60 crores level. But apart from sustenance 
CAPEX, the specific automation projects, new product development and all this stuff.  
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Just to add to what Ranga as mentioned, we are really focusing on a lot of automation, 
digitization so that we can not only meet the new product quality requirement but also help us 
in optimizing our capacity utilization. So next 2 years the investment will be coming in our 
housing line and gear manufacturing and then overall assembly areas. 
Ranganathan S:  
We are basically doing this to make sure that we are ready when the market demand goes up. 
And this investment really helps us in terms of meeting the market demands.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
Also, we were supposed to come out with a midterm growth strategy. So, any update on this 
front?  
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Some of these new products what we are already talking about in fact, last call Muthu did 
mention 60% of our last year's revenue has come from the new products. And as we mentioned 
during this call, we are introducing 4 more new products. So, this is a plan what we are having 
to not only probably try to be present in all 7.5 tons above in all the segments but again we are 
also kind of looking at how we can bring in the value for our end customer. So there are a lot of 
new products that is being developed in terms of nice sensitive gearing, quite right gearing for 
bus and coaches and the largest axle which is called MS 185 with a 500 crown wheel diameter 
for a 49 tons and above. So those should really help us not only in the domestic market but also 
make us competitive for the potential export opportunities as and when both North America and 
European markets come back.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
My next question is, annually if we look at, we have already crossed the previous peak revenue 
in FY24 and despite increase in the exports of having Defence business, our annual EBITDA 
margin excluding other income is hovering around 11% level. The earlier peak margin of around 
12% was achieved at a lower top line in FY19. So, what is the reason for this and what steps the 
team is taking to cross its previous peak level margin of 12%?  
Muthukumar N: 
 then I think Ranga will be the right person to answer on profitability. If you look at our volumes 
of FY19 which was the previous peak, the industry did about 467 K and it is about 8.7 million 
tons because it's not only the number of vehicles but also the capacity of the tonnage that we 
have produced. Last year the year, which is passed away, FY24 we ended up with 423 K which 
is about 9.2 million tons. So, in fact in looking at the number of vehicles we are 10% less when 
compared to there. But we are slightly above in terms of tonnage. So, I just wanted to bring it to 
the fact that we have not come. So, at that time our revenue was about 1,700 or 1,800 crores, 
now it is about 2,300 crores. Which means we have grown in other segments. Even though we 
have taken the commodity, commodity went up came down and of course it has only about 2% 
impact, not more than that between that time and now. So that is the reason from the market 
volume under tonnage wise. Having said that, the company continues to improve cost reduction. 
We have improved the reliability of the product and we have also enhanced the value of the 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
product thereby our per axle realization has gone up. Of course, the plant did a tremendous job 
in terms of cutting down the cost. I think Covid gave us a lot of insights post 2019 peak to find 
out how we can enhance our operational capability. Those things have really helped us to grow 
and almost the same margin, even though the volumes is quite less on this particular segment. 
Of course, we spend a lot of money on CAPEX on Defence. But the real realization of Defence 
is still not started. The government is giving order little here and there, but it gets a long-term 
investment. With that I leave it to Ranga to answer specifically on the profitability comparison 
between 2019 and now.  
Ranganathan S: 
Thank you, Muthu. Just wanted to take your point. Amit, if you really see 2018-19 was a peak 
in terms of the market. That year we did about 1,940 crores. If my memory goes right. As of 
today, if you look at it, our revenue is closed about 2,100 or 2,200 crores now. Between 2018-
19 to then and now this is more than about the commodities change is quite huge. So that is one 
of the significant aspects in value terms which is got an impact on the revenue perspective. And 
that's one of the reasons probably it is showing up or showing low. Last 2 years you see the 
significant commodity reductions have happened in ‘18-19 to close to ‘20-21 is only an increase 
after the last 2 years is commodities in a declining stage. So as Muthu said, the revenue the 
overall market is down by about 10% to 12% compared to ‘18-19 peak. Still, we are not reached 
to that. Maybe broadly in terms of tonnage we may be closer to that. So, though the per axle 
revenues improved but realistically if you look at it, the overall revenue is still much lower than 
the 2018 to ‘19 volume. If market come closer to that you can really see the same 1,900 level 
with our market percents with all customers with all initiatives we have taken with all the 
customers in terms of improving a share of business with them. The introduction of new product 
gaps what you have and what are the new products we introduced recently; we definitely will be 
not less than another about 400 to 500 crores will be added as compared to the 2019 level. So 
very comfortably we'll be reaching around 2,500 to 2,600 crores with the current presence if the 
market reaches ‘18-19. So that's a perspective all of you understand because one thing we really 
see is a value comparison. But in terms of the commodities plays a significant role and today 
we're able to show up the revenue up is only because of our active presence with our customers 
in terms of the share that comes to purely based on our delivery and quality performance and 
also our new product introduction to fill the gaps on the customer requirements. As far as the 
margin perspective is concerned, though the market still not reached the 2018-19 you touch the 
point about 12%, percentage is really one piece of it. If you really look at the absolute value you 
really credit the absolute value in terms of the real measurement you look at it EPS and EPS is 
significantly grown compared to ‘18-19 to now.  
Amit Hiranandani: 
Are you indicating more juice left on the volumes and margin side for automotive actions?  
Ranganathan S: 
Margin by default will come through our initiatives. There is no doubt about. I told you very 
clearly, we are really working on the initiatives, we have our internal mission qualified initiatives 
and we really drive our performance on the cost and year-on-year, especially on the material and 
conversion costs. We have taken a significant effort in terms of bringing the value in terms of 
the metal cost optimization as well as the conversion cost optimization. That effort will continue. 
Year-on-year we stretch ourselves to find new avenues to bring value to the financials and 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
definitely juice left out, our pursuit is there to improve the margins. As the market grows with 
the current efficiency, we will be doing much better. That's the point I am trying to drive here.  
Muthukumar N: 
Absolutely you can take it with confidence market drive the volume previously. I think whatever 
the indication that we have given in terms of top line and bottom line will certainly happen. But 
the team is working hard to make sure even before such a volume drives market how we can 
enhance our profitability. I think that's the challenge the team is working on.  
Ranganathan S: 
Amit, sorry to intervene just to give a data for your confirmation. If you really see our EPS in 
‘18-19, the peak volume is at Rs. 80 and with a 10% to 12% reduction our EPS is about Rs. 109 
per share. So, this is one of the parameters internally if you see, are we really increasing the 
value, your question. So just an indication to you. That’s it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from unique PMS.  
Pratik Kothari: 
Just one question. It's been about 2 years since Cummins acquired Meritor and we had 
highlighted in the past about kind of getting some new products, new orders from this. If you 
can highlight anything which has happened in the past 6-9-12 months? 
Muthukumar N: 
Exactly saying, with this August it is going to be 2 years. I think 2nd of August is what we 
announced the actual acquisition. Even though we have communicated about February ‘22, on 
22nd of February 2022 we announced it. A significant amount of work is happening. You all 
talked about penetrating into another OEM where Cummins is strongly present and at the end of 
the day when somebody has a capacity in their own plant replacing their axle with our axle. So, 
the team is working with the customer and along with Cummins support to see that how we can 
penetrate into other OEMs where Automotive Axles does not have good share today. So, we are 
trying to work with the combination to make sure that how we can get the real efficiency. Good 
amount of activities have been done in the last one year and we are coming into some stages but 
we are not in a position to announce anything that yes, we made a big win at this point in time. 
But I know this type of acquisition that bringing a lot of synergy, first and foremost is bringing 
a lot of good systems into the company in terms of whether it is a talent management, in terms 
of the launches and we are improving with the synergy coming in between both the best 
practices, it is breaking into a good to great company. So, we are working on this. But at this 
point in time, we are not in a position to announce that we have made this business win, we have 
made this. But definitely a lot amount of progress is happening both in off highway business as 
well as in the regular business.  
Pratik Kothari: 
So, this you highlighted it is helping us penetrating other OEMs. This is largely off highway that 
the focus is or even EV is globally. 
Muthukumar N: 
No, even in on highways or even in on highway where we are not present like Tata Motor is one 
of the questions is asked Cummins has a very good leverage with them, so we are working. So, 
we as Cummins-Meritor is working with all the customers on Automotive Axles, working with 
all the customers to see that where we can penetrate. I think the team is working extensively, 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
working with all these vehicles that are coming up. So everywhere the team is making sure that 
we try to penetrate. A lot of new players are coming in the EV segment where it is not an E Axle 
segment but remote mounted segment where also this company is continuing to win the business 
is to start supplying for them.  
Pratik Kothari: 
2-3 years back we had an aspiration that once the volume comes back and we are at scale we 
should be seeing some early teen margin, 13%-14%-15%, does that still hold?  
Ranganathan S: 
Absolutely. We have already mentioned that our continuous pursuit of every initiative what we 
are taking is about to be present in the market and dominant player in the market and keep the 
customers happy. And apparently, see how to bring value to the organization. That is continuous 
focus, still holds good and there is absolutely no doubt about it. That's the reason Nagaraj was 
explaining the automation process is to make the operations more efficient. And more quicker 
deliveries can be made to the customers and all the stuff. Definitely we are committed to grow 
in terms of the bottom line and every initiative is taken is towards that only. As you said market 
it goes up. Definitely margin will go much higher than what we are having it today. But whether 
it is 13 or 14 depends on the product mix and various things. But definitely you will see a 
significant growth in the margins.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deep Shah from Yes Securities   
Deep Shah: 
So, couple of clarifications, since voice was not very clear. So, in the opening remarks you had 
said a price hike of about 0.5% with the end customers. So, can you elaborate? Is this over and 
above the RM inflation pass through or what it is exactly?  
Ranganathan S: 
No, this is not over and above. I said the commodity settlement which has lowered the revenue 
by 0.5% which is a commodity which you accommodated in the year 2023-24 ISA. There is 
nothing impacted to the P&L. Whatever the customer settlement the same supply settlement, so 
your P&L is well protected.  
Deep Shah: 
And the second, the new launches especially on the Axles side that you just mentioned, are those 
for FY25 or it will come in FY26 also? 
Muthukumar N: 
So, these are all the ones, in fact as we speak, we are launching these products. So, like we keep 
on iterating that what Automotive Axles the value what it brings in is, along with our partners 
Cummins-Meritor we develop the product and then be ready well ahead of time even before the 
market is ready for it. So, our MS 185 Axle is already launched with one of the customers. It's 
going pretty well with a 55 tons tractor and the product has been updated and then being launched 
with our key customer. So that is going to happen this year. So, both the bus axle and our largest 
axle MS 185 and then the brakes, all of them will be launched this year. And we'll be realizing 
some revenue out of this new product launches.  
Deep Shah: 
I missed the number you had shared. So, the share of revenues from the new products was at 
about 16 or 60? 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Muthukumar N: 
Again, it is a little bit of challenge, it's a SOP. Also depends on what customers our OEs are 
realizing from the market. So, our focus is from somewhere around 65% where we are present, 
we'll take it all the way up to 80% with the launch of these products. So that's the coverage we 
are going to have for all the 7.5 tons and above trucks and tractors applicated in the market.  
Deep Shah: 
Last question on the industry outlook itself. So, when we hear the commentary of the OEMs 
themselves, Tata Motors and Leyland both, they would have a divergent view in terms of FY25 
outlook, especially the M&HCV segment. While one is saying kind of growth, and the other is 
saying kind of a muted and maybe a mixed commentary one from the other ancillary. So, as per 
your view what is the overall outlook for FY25 in terms of the volumes that the industry can 
achieve? Because in last call you had mentioned it was something close to the flattish volumes 
for FY25 if I am not wrong. So, what is that today? 
Muthukumar N: 
You are right. When compared to FY24 to 25, we are projecting flat or about 4% to 5% less. If 
you see the start of the quarter, the first quarter is not going that going good. And most of the 
activities needs to be picked up. And they are talking about the reasons could be many, they are 
talking about elections. After elections we will start. We are also likely to get an average or 
above average rainfall which means we don't see any interference in that side. On the 
infrastructure push from the government continues to be good. That's what the government is 
committing. But we need to wait for the new government to come back. We as a component 
supplier if you look at it, we're going with the OEMs preparations. The OEMs are something 
even though they are predicting the visual target is less. But they're talking about an aggressive 
target that yes, we will grow. Everybody wants to grow and expand the margin. We as a company 
like what Nagaraj presented the market could be (-5%) or it can even go up to 7% or something. 
Because even though we are losing over the next three quarters can run well. One good thing is 
the inventory has come down substantially in the last quarter. Even though the last quarter 
production is less things have been the inventory has come down. I am sure that this year we 
have a positive outlook, when I say positive outlook, it will be single digit growth would be still 
there. The company’s internally we are preparing for whatever the number changes from the 
customer whether it goes up or comes down, the organization drive efficiency convert it very 
positively to make sure that every bit of opportunity that we get should convert in the top line 
and every opportunity that we have to cut down the cost we should add it up to the bottom line. 
I think that's the team in the Automotive Axles team continues to work. But industry outlook at 
this point of time looking at the industry inventory, the government spend, the push for passenger 
buses, everything if you look at it I am positive about it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, this will be our last question for today's 
call. It's from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global.  
Chirag Jain: 
Just couple of clarifications. Do we supply to the Defence space from this entity?  
Muthukumar N: 
Yes, we supply to the Defence entity, I think not directly to the Defence. We used to sell it to 
VFJ. But now VFJ has started making axles  Tata. So, our supplies are going to Ashok Leyland 

 
Automotive Axles Limited 
May 28. 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
or to the other customer through which is reaching Defence. But we are supplying Defence axles 
from this entity. You are right. 
Chirag Jain: 
And in terms of future, a product pipeline, E Axle, would that be part of this listed entity or could 
be potentially part of the group but may not be in this company, any thoughts on that?  
Muthukumar N: 
At this point of time, yes, the segment.  
Ranganathan S: 
The thing is we still have a capacity to manufacture some of the key components required for 
the E Axle. So, at this point of time, E Axle is basically part of Cummins-Meritor. But we supply 
them the parts wherever it is required and the volumes at this point of time, it is too early for us 
to tell how this overall E Axle business is going to develop. Having said that we are already 
supplying to key customers the E or battery vehicles, our special axle which is being applicated 
on that. Most of the OEs at this point of time preferring to remote mount type design which is 
the cost effective at this point of time. So just to confirm that E Axle still requires quite a lot of 
components which we are producing which we have a capacity for that I am sure that we will be 
a part of any future E Axle production in one way or the other.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today's conference call. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja for closing comments.  
Sailesh Raja: 
Thank you all for attending this session. We especially thank the Automotive Axles team for 
their time. Muthu sir, would you like to make any comments?  
Muthukumar N: 
Thank you Sailesh. Once again ladies and gentlemen thank you very much for your time. Rest 
assured. On top of I think whatever we spoke I also wanted to congratulate your team. They 
have got the JIPM TPM award. Last year Nagaraja team did a wonderful job of last 3-4 years on 
the journey of TPM and they've been now awarded by the JIPM TPM. I think the team went to 
Japan and got the award. This gives confidence on the ability of the flexibility that we have 
created in the plant to increase customer varied demands. The team is continuing to put the 
effects in terms of new product launch in terms of improving the reliability, at the same time 
increasing the flexibility in the plan to make sure that multiple models and deliver it at the 
shortest time. We'll continue to put the efforts and look forward to. I think my team is there in 
the next 2 days in the conference Mumbai. I think they'll be available in person to meet you, talk 
to you and give you all the commitment. Though I am not able to come but that session that the 
organization on will put everything make sure that the value for the stakeholders. Once again 
thank you very much for taking time to join today. And thanks, Nagaraja and Ranga for taking 
the call. Thanks, Sailesh for coordinating this and really appreciate every one of your time. 
Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
