 
 
Intellect/SEC/2024-25    
 
                                                                            May 16, 2024 
 
1. National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol : 
INTELLECT 
2. BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trade Ring, Rotunda Building, PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : 
538835 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 and 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 – Disclosure of Transcript of the Investors’ Concall   
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 & 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed please find transcript of the earning call held on 
May 09, 2024 for the 4th quarter and financial year ended 2023-24. 
 
The Transcript of the earning call is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Yours truly, 
for Intellect Design Arena Limited, 
 
 
 
V V Naresh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
VUDALI 
VENKATA 
NARESH
Digitally signed by VUDALI 
VENKATA NARESH 
Date: 2024.05.16 14:41:21 
+05'30'

 
 
Q4 & FY 2023-24   
Investor Earnings Call Transcript   
 
Praveen Malik: 
Greetings and welcome everyone! 
 
Thank you for joining us today to discuss Intellect Design Arena Limited’s financial results for the 
fourth quarter of the fiscal year 2023-24, ending 31st March 2024 and the full year of 2023-24. The 
investor presentation and press release have been sent to you and are also available on our website. 
Our leadership team is present on this call to discuss the result. We have with us today Mr Arun Jain, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Manish Maakan, CEO of iGTB, Mr Rajesh Saxena, CEO of iGCB, 
Mr Banesh Prabhu, CEO of IntellectAI, and Ms. Vasudha Subramaniam, CFO. Besides, some other 
senior members of the Intellect Management team are present in the call.   
Now, I hand it over to Vasudha to take you through the financials, and later, Mr. Arun Jain will give 
his comments on the same. This will be followed by a Q&A session, where the senior members of 
our management team will reply to your questions. Once the Q&A starts, you can ask a question by 
clicking on raise your hand, and we will unmute you so that everybody is able to listen to you.  
One safe harbour, I want to remind you that anything we say that refers to our outlook for the 
future is a forward-looking statement. This must be read in conjunction with the risk the company 
faces. 
With this, I request Vasudha to give you a brief.  
Over to Vasudha. 
Vasudha Subramanian 
Thank you, Praveen! Good evening, everyone!  
 
It's a pleasure to be before you as we enter the 10th year of innovation, growth and resilience. Your 
continued support is invaluable as we navigate the dynamic landscape of the Fintech industry. Let 
me delve into the numbers to share our progress and financial insights.  
Our Q4 revenue stood at Rs. 612 Crs., and excluding GeM, it was Rs. 603 Crs. We made an EBITDA of 
Rs. 137 Crs. and Rs. 155 Crs. without GeM. Our margins for Q4 would have been higher by 18 Crs. 
without GeM. Our Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) were 122 for Q4, and without GeM, we are in the 
less than 100-day range on the DSO. On the cash front, we collected Rs. 570 Crs. during the quarter 
and had a cash balance of Rs. 776 Crs. as of 31 March 24.  
 
 

 
 
 
I would now like to take you through the full-year metrics. We recorded a revenue of Rs.2,513 Crs.  
for the year 2023-24, generating an EBITDA of 549 Crs.  and a PAT of 334 Crs. This PAT is without 
considering the one-off exceptional item relating to MAT credit write-off of Rs. 12.5 Crs.. Cash 
collection during the year had crossed Rs.2,300 Crs. We won 52 deals during the year and have gone 
live on 54 digital transformational projects.  
Let me now share our last 12 months' metrics, which give a comprehensive view of trends and our 
sustained performance over a longer period. The growth in the LTM revenue compounded annually 
for three years is 19%. The YoY growth in LTM revenue was 12% and excluding GeM, it remained at 
14%. Similarly, the three-year CAGR for EBITDA was 15%. The YoY growth in LTM EBITDA was 22%, 
while it was 27%, excluding GeM. It is important to note that our YoY growth in LTM of PBT was 27%, 
including GeM.  
Over the year, as we close Q4, our funnel size has improved from Rs7000 Crs. in Q4FY23 to Rs 8000 
Crs. in Q4, and we see consistent growth in our big-ticket deals which we call Destiny Deals. During 
the year, we were deeply involved in many global events in Toronto, Amsterdam, London, Paris, 
Dubai and Nairobi. beside others. We commence the year 2024-25 having 300 plus global experts 
within Intellect coming together to converge on ideas and innovation. 
As part of the eMACH.ai Summit, we had a series of structured sessions. These helped us sharpen 
our thinking and expand the customer canvas, country canvas, product, canvas, and distribution 
canvas.  
With this, I'm handing over to our Chairman, who will provide a lot more insight into business 
performance and growth journey.  
Thank you. 
Arun Jain  
OK, so the quarter that you are looking at is accelerated by eMACH.ai. So, we are speaking about 
eMACH.ai from the last four quarters. It's gaining momentum because of first principles thinking 
about what we have brought in as one of the most disruptive technologies in the financial space. 
There are still many deals, which  increasing the pipeline, translating into revenue.  So numberwise, 
we were designing the business for 20% growth, we achieved 14% without GeM. So there's a 
shortfall from that perspective on the expectation between 20% of what we had designed, and this 
time it's 14%, and that's where some of the delayed deals or carry forward deals are coming into the 
picture. But if you look at the pattern of new deal sign-up, which is accelerating, one is on the past 
total number, but also 8 deals wins in North America. So this is one important point. During last year 
at the annual board meeting, I was discussing that we have to emphasise on North America 
 

 
 
As such North America has started giving some results in a single quarter. Eight deal wins out of 
which six deal wins are in AI business is a credible performance of North America. It has both areas, 
so one is on the CBX deal around digital Contextual Banking eXperience deals and AI deals. So these 
are two main lines of business, which  eMACH.ai’s driving the growth, one is digital growth, and 
second is my AI growth. So, composable and contextual growth are both the places where we are 
finding the outcome over there.  
Then there is one large deal in Europe on core banking, which is very important after OTP,  the 
momentum of core banking is continuing in Europe. We announced OTP last quarter; this quarter, 
another bank - Vakif Bank was announced and then two deal wins, in the Middle East and Africa, 
which is around the DTB platform, which is again continuing the momentum of DTB leadership. 
There are three DTB deals in India now and there were one or two deals postponed for next quarter. 
So there are three deals. All are DTB deal wins over the last quarter..  
Then, there were two deal wins in APAC and ANZ. One deal is in Vietnam, and the second deal is in 
ANZ. There are two large deals which are signed up in APAC. So it's a very balanced model, and 
beauty of the model of expanding into so many countries is to create a basic foundation on which 
we can grow the business YoY.  And for some of the deals which are announced this time, we have 
shared their asset size in the deals to indicate the size of the bank. So they are choosing the right 
enterprise grade software.  
During the board meeting, we had a lot of presentations on Security, Risk Management, and 
enterprise-grade software in a new world because there are a lot of moving parts which are there on 
security, on the cloud, on open sourcing. The biggest challenge is ensuring that it's safe for the bank 
to run on that platform, and technology becomes a critical edge. So we are finding people running a 
lot of legacy systems are getting some regulatory notices because of the weakness of the basic 
architecture where the data leakages happens because of that structure. Today we have these deal 
wins based on almost 42 elements in cloud management alone. There are close to 40 + elements in 
security alone. So often when you ask whether fintech can compete with us or what is the role of 
you and fintech. I think the cost of managing a continuous open banking platform in terms of Level 1, 
Level 2, Level 3 Security has gone up so high the bank risks are multiplying though it's giving an 
easiness for operating.  But managing the risk becomes substantially large and these deals, which  
I'm talking about  - 16 deals -  they have gone through the scrutiny  - of almost close to 150 
architects -  before they have signed a deal with us. On one side we say fintech is a competition; on 
another side we are finding fintech is finding more difficult to win the enterprise gate deal, and they 
are getting pocketed into the small area for driving the business growth.  
Going to the next slide, this is a Gartner, DATOS, and private bankers. So I think this entire report is 
on composable technology. Intellect is getting a big traction with all the analysts. It is not about just 
the product that they're looking at. They are looking at the architectural strength of the product, the 
decomposition of microservices, the decomposition of APIs, and the zip-coding of API so that it can 
be reused. So we don't create a forest of APIs within the banking system, resulting in the Intellect 
pipeline going up quarter on quarter.  

 
 
We started the year with Rs 7000 Crs. We are ending the year with Rs. 8200 crore.    
If you look at it, the number of deals has moved from 70 Destiny deals to 84. And the details of the 
deals are in the next slide  - deal win accounting is over here. I'm not getting into each of them. One 
important point is that we have three wins in that area of greater than Rs. 50 crore deals in this 
quarter. We lost one large deal because of the political environment between India and Canada. The 
rest of the deals are fine as far as the proper traction is concerned.  
The company is paying ₹3.5 per share as a dividend, which is 70%  - higher than last year's Rs.2.5 per 
share. This time, the board decided to have ₹3.5 per share.  
To expand the Procurement space after GeM, we have learnt that we have to move to applying AI 
technologies and composable technology, Turmeric and AI. I combined them together and launched 
them for banking systems to large corporates and governments where there is a need for a 
procurement system. The major competition is Ariba, which is quite expensive for many markets. 
And we were able to build it in just six months.  
The team was able to build up three products. They are,  
- 
Corporate Procurement eXchange (iCPX) 
- 
Government Procurement eXchange (iGPX) 
- 
Accounts Payable eXchange (iAPX) 
They are AI-based products and digital-based products. We have already signed 2 deals in CPX space 
this month and one deal in APX space. We have started evaluating two proposals in GPX space, 
which is Government Procurement. So the team which was released from GeM is now getting into 
proper profitable business; whatever the learning  we got - where you have seen the numbers with  
GeM and without GeM, it is getting to the profitable business whenever we will be signing the deals 
over there. They may have an investment period of another two or three quarters, but after that, it 
may result in a good traction.  
Another important point which I want to mention is this following picture which you are seeing  - 
eMACH.ai Summit. This is the power of Intellect. 300 leaders from 31 countries, 2 Boot Camps, 1 
purpose it's the largest congregation. For nine days, the leadership team started beginning the year 
with a new agenda of eMACH.ai to become the disruptive platform for the world. Every one of the 
leader have gone through the two boot camps of three days each. One is on AI, the Purple Fabric, 
and second Boot camp is on iTurmeric.  
The workshop was organized in three spaces: i) Organizing the Thinking Space, ii) Expanding  the 
Performance Space, and iii)Impacting the Business Outcome. So, 300 people when we brought them 
together, we needed to come up with the common thinking space where we look at it, how do we 
disrupt the world. Then you expand by simplifying the process and systems, expanding the 
performance space by frameworks and then impacting the business outcome.  
 

 
 
As I mentioned, the two Boot Camps and the main Summit event were held. So three days, three 
days, three days each.  
Over here, the iTurmeric MACH composable technology boot camp was very, very interesting. So in 
both sessions it's a hands-on session where the ease of the platform got demonstrated by 
simplifying the system so much that a sales head of the UK and sales head of Australia could build up 
a loan repayment API and a UX screen by themselves after two days of workshop. So that was proof 
that these two platforms, Purple Fabric platform and iTurmeric, can reduce the cycle time and the 
efforts to disrupt the market. 
The eMACH.ai world is changing the paradigm from product-centric organizations’ to customer-
desirability products, from coding to composing and from enterprise-siloed knowledge to enterprise-
connected intelligence. We are contributing in four different ways. We are participating in deals 
transforming the enterprise in the Core Banking, Lending, Wealth, Payment, DTB, Cards, Treasury, 
Trade, Supply Chain Finance, Custody, iGPX and iCPX. This could be a complete deal of 
transformation. We are using AI to transform bank operations. We transform experience using 
Relationship Manager Office, Corporate, SME, and Retail Banking eXchange, the Contextual 
eXchange (CBX). We can also expand the bank's capability by helping them with the One Origination 
platform, Customer Onboarding platform, Virtual Accounting platform, Accounts Payable platform, 
and Corporate Procurement platforms. So, my sales team is leveraging our systems in four different 
ways. We are leveraging three growth levers around Customer Canvas. Today, we have a rich set of 
top 50 accounts on which we have focused our attention to growing those accounts. They are the 
leaders in their geography. Magnificent 7, Expand 18, and Focus 36 are the three agenda points we 
are driving on Customer Canvas. Then, we are deepening country coverage wherever we are 
present. We have chosen 11 countries where we want to deepen our country coverage, while the 
rest of the countries we want to work through the partners, and then, to choose the right product 
proposition and grow across the country and customers. So this year, the focus is on clients, so go 
with more products. So GCB products should go to GTB clients, and vice versa, or AI should go to all 
the GCB and GTB products. So that's the approach for growth opportunities. These are a few 
glimpses of the Global eMACH.ai Summit 2024, which we had for three days. 
 We spent a lot of time in global events and launching eMACH.ai. You might have seen in the 
LinkedIn we had an event in Dubai, Paris, and London, eMACH.ai and Intellect Design Thinking 
Residential Programmed for Exponential Growth in India and eMACH.ai Design Thinking for Digital 
Enterprise in Dhaka, and we are going country by country. I'm travelling to London again next week, 
New York and Canada. So every week there is an agenda for launching this. There's a large traction 
on global events on Sibos,  iGTB Oxford, Money 20/20, and GTR. So, there is big traction in creating 
awareness of eMACH.ai.    
 
 
 

 
 
Next is the Sustainability agenda. So, we are looking at Sustainability as a core value. Last year, we 
published the first Sustainability Report. This year, the sustainability agenda is moving to the next 
level. Our campus has been a zero-discharge campus for the last one year. No single waste item is 
going out of the campus as a waste. We recycle or reuse all our water, food, and other waste. And 
there are almost 15 initiatives in sustainability that are happening, from social transformation to 
employee sustainability awareness to employee participation. We had a Sustainability week in 
February, where 5000 employees formally took a Sustainability pledge, in a formal manner - So we 
are using the GRI and BRSR frameworks for sustainability 
So these are a lot of exciting time for all of us.  All three CEOs, Banesh, Manish and Rajesh, are on 
the call. Fortunately, Manish is now travelling to Chennai to be at the headquarters. We can now 
open the platform for questions and answers. 
Manish 
Praveen, you can open up for answers to questions. 
Praveen Malik 
Yes. If you want to ask a question, please click raise your hand. First, we have Mr Vivek Turaga from 
Bestpal .  
Vivek Turaga 
Hi Sir, are you able to hear me, Sir? Am I audible? 
Praveen Malik 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Turaga 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, aren't you saying it's palpably exciting in your press release? So, if 
you can guide us about the next year's growth in terms of because during the last from the time 
you're listed till today, one consistently right thing is your sales guidance even though margins 
because of the investments or something like GeM going away or something like Ukraine war 
coming. So, even though margins are cloudy, you invest in eMACH.ai. Even though margins and PAT 
didn't go according to our trajectory sales, at least every 2-3 years, your sales guidance was perfect. 
So, can you guide us because you say this is Intellect 3.0  and now I'm not the one to say whether all 
the investments are done, but eMACH.ai and investments are primarily a large part is done. Can you 
throw light on whether they'll be accelerated in sales growth, which can lead to huge operating 
leverage, and we can see that  in both PAT and margins grow in a sustainable ways? This is my first 
question. 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
Yeah. There are two kinds of growth we are measuring right now. In the AI platform, the growth of 
the penetration in the accounts will be significant, like six account deals within the last quarter. The 
translation into financial numbers will be smaller because those AI deals will use platforms. Financial 
numbers versus deal numbers will have a different kind of correlation. However, deepening those 
Destiny deals will help sustain the growth momentum. Second is what you are looking at and how 
you provide operating leverage. Operating leverage is happening. We see that in the last Quarter, 
we need to see  GeM to go down the numbers. So last quarter, when we discussed the numbers, 
almost 70 Crs in revenue went away, which was filled by the 7% sequential growth from quarter to 
quarter from last quarter to this quarter. So, looking at the guidance right now, we are still 
navigating it. We have designed the company for 20% growth. But looking at the total IT industry 
going towards a slowdown from the perspective of all the country players, we are still dwelling on 
whether excluding GeM guidance, if I remove the GeM revenue from the $303 million revenue 
around $30 million, it's around $273 Mn revenue -  on that base number around 15% guidance could 
be there. 
Vivek Turaga 
It's for the whole year next year. Right? 
Arun Jain 
For the whole year. It may not be quarterly balanced across the whole year, but an entire year can 
be. 
Vivek Turaga 
And over the next 2-3 years, you are confident of 15 to 20%. 
Arun Jain 
The 20% is a designed element. But it can sometimes be 25%. That's the way Ups and downs can 
happen. Last year, we lost three big deals that could have transformed the landscape. One is with 
one of the largest banks in India. They have gone for a very small company. Second is one large deal 
in Canada, and third is another deal in Europe. If these deals had come, we could have been a very 
different-looking company, and these deals are in the range of $100 million plus. We signed one OTP 
for $100 million plus, but there are two more deals, $100 million plus, which we just lost because of 
political reasons where we were almost there. 
 
 
 

 
 
Vivek Turaga 
The second question is, in the last two quarters back, you said three white moments are in terms of 
core banking in terms of digital core banking and then BaaS in terms of GTB and AI. So you can 
elaborate on how these three white moments are and how confident we are about winning deals 
and any competition? And in core banking, where are we now and are we winning? Are we more 
confident of winning? So if you get these three white moments, you mentioned three quarters back, 
if you're in more. 
Arun Jain 
Yeah, all three are perfect on the dot. What kind of start can Manish make, then? 
Manish Maakan 
I got them all of that. You would have seen all three we form the moat after doing OTP. VakifBank 
was another big European transformation. In AI, Arun already talked of the six deals, and we have 
two deals on BaaS, one in the US and one in Australia. So, expanding out multiple of these sub-
accounting platforms, all three patterns have happened. 
Arun Jain 
Rajesh, do you want to cover? 
Rajesh Saxena 
Yeah. Specifically, let me talk about core banking. From a core banking perspective, the last year was 
very good. We closed many deals. We closed over eight core banking transformation deals in the 
previous year. And as I look at the pipeline, it continues to be very good. It's a deep pipeline. We are 
in multiple stages, and what we are also seeing from a core banking perspective, we talked about 
this as eMACH.ai. We are now getting called by large tier-one players, regional players, etc, which is 
also putting pressure on us from a pre-sales perspective. But we see that graduation is how we get 
into more significant destiny deals. In the core banking field, if you study right now, there are many 
opportunities, and we are well poised to take advantage of them. 
Vivek Turaga 
You just mentioned that you lost a 100 Mn$  deal with a bank in India. So, what is the reason? Is it 
just because of competition, or are you seeing any trend that you want to highlight? 
Arun Jain 
In India, it was less than $100 million. It was a $50 million size of the bank because of low cost and 
low pricing by the competition. Very low pricing. 
 

 
 
Vivek Turaga 
Overall, we are confident of 20% over the three years, given that most investments have been made 
in products and platforms. Can I take it? 
Arun Jain 
Yeah, but more investment will be required in AI right now. We are finding significant traction in the 
Purple Fabric I'm mentioning with the generative AI. We built Purple Fabric, the platform where we 
bring five different knowledge banks, knowledge vaults, or knowledge repositories to create a 
connected intelligence enterprise level. We are talking to all the big five consulting firms to look at 
how to deliver expert agents and co-pilots on top of AI. We may require another investment, like last 
2 year, which was from Rs.140 Crs. From Rs. 120.Crs.. So, our investment bucket is $20 million. The 
investments may vary from Rs.160 Crs. to Rs.165 Crs. for the coming year. For that, it's not a 
significant investment. From that perspective, it's just a 20 Crs., Rs.25 Crs. more investment. Other 
products are ready to go to market. So, operating leverage can start this year. 
Vivek Turaga 
Sorry, Arun Ji. I'm pressing all this because now that you have started investing in distribution and 
partnering with many system integrators, I was expecting to be more confident in our goal. So that is 
why I was just pressing on this. 
Arun Jain 
We all love it. But let's wait. 
Manish Maakan 
We will take the system integrator route to start kicking in. We have had a few wins this year, and 
they need to feel confident once we deliver it. In a 12 to18-month period, the indirect distribution 
will suddenly start adding significantly over there. That's the right journey we have begun. 
Arun Jain 
I'm meeting the CEOs of all the SIs. So now they're coming to us, which was the reverse way. So that 
wheel has rotated. How it will translate into numbers? Since this investor conference is not a 
business plan conference, we are cautious about it. 
Vivek Turaga 
Thank you, Arun Ji. Thank you very much. 
Arun Jain 
Who's next? 

 
 
Nachu Nagappan 
Let's ask Rahul Jain the question, please. Can you unmute Rahul Jain, please? Rahul, you can ask that 
question. 
Rahul Jain 
Hi Sir. Can you hear me? 
Praveen Malik 
Yes, Rahul, we can hear you. 
Rahul Jain 
Yes. So, one clarification to start with. When we said 15% guidance, is that what I heard? Is it on the 
adjusted basis for our revenue or GeM this year? Or is this on the reported basis we expect to 
deliver for fiscal 25? 
Arun Jain 
Adjusted basis, I mentioned clearly 273 Mn. 
Rahul Jain 
Can you hear me? 
Nachu Nagappan 
Yes, it's better now. 
Rahul Jain 
Do you want me to repeat the question? 
Arun Jain 
I mentioned the answer is that it's on an -adjusted basis. 
Rahul Jain 
Yeah. Sorry, I could not hear. Secondly, in this quarter, when we see the suggested work that you 
have shared, the kinds of implied in the 9 Crs revenue that would have come from them in this 
quarter also, and there is a 27 Crs like-for-like cost. How should my computation shape up if it is 
right? Or will this line now, give or take, a minimal number going forward? This 27 Crs worth of cost 
can be repurposed in the subsequent quarter. How, when, how and when are we going to take the 
benefit out of this?  

 
 
Arun Jain 
This Rs.9 Crs. of GEM additional revenue was a backlog of some CRs booked in the last quarter. So, 
whatever we completed until December, those billings happened during Q4. So that's the only 
backlog, nothing future-related. 
Rahul Jain 
And this 27 Crs cost that we are saying can the same cost be repurposed for other projects, or how 
long do we expect it to take? 
Arun Jain 
Yeah. This 27 Crs cost, which has been iGPX and iCPX, what we are launching, is directed towards 
that, and they have a good plan to look at it in the next two quarters to start generating revenue 
over there. 
Rahul Jain 
OK. Right. And just one last bit on the GeM: We will view the market you highlighted about the 
macro thing. But so far, we have observed that the pain in this software industry is not as huge as in 
the services business . Is there some kind of adoption curve that is now taking shape, supporting the 
momentum and ensuring growth continues for this fiscal year and beyond? Or is it too early to 
conclude that thought? 
Arun Jain 
This growth is coming from the pipeline, the funnel through which we have the 80 plus Destiny 
deals. So that's the reason for the growth numbers more than any market scenario; this is a more 
grounded basis. 
Rahul Jain 
So, basically, you are attributing this to strong execution, which we are able to continue. We should 
be able to deliver this. 
Arun Jain 
Sure. 
Rahul Jain 
OK, great, Sir. Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
Arun Jain 
Thank you. 

 
 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Rahul. Next, we have Mohit Jain. Mohit, please ask the question. 
Mohit Jain 
Yeah,  Sir. Congratulations. This is a reasonable quarter. So, I first saw you have announced eight 
deals in the US, but eMACH.ai had its first win there. So, what are your plans for the US? Then, I have 
two follow-ups on Gem 
Arun Jain 
So, Banesh, would you like to answer about the six deals you won, the traction in the US on them, 
and your AI space in the US? 
Mohit Jain 
Also, can you talk about whether core banking is going there or if there are some other products you 
will offer beyond insurance? 
Arun Jain 
Yeah, sure. We will come to that. Let's hear about AI, and then we hear that our CBX product in 
Canada and the US is the second product line here. I'll ask Rajesh or Manish to discuss the Canadian 
market, where we are getting momentum in North America. 
Banesh Prabhu 
Yeah, so just to update you, Mohit, I think the fact that intellect AI very early had adopted an AI-first 
approach to our businesses on the insurance side is now building a good pipeline; I think we’ve done 
six deals, we’ve got an excellent pipeline to complete over there, and we have quite a few contracts 
out there, it does take time to close some of these contracts. But we are well in progress with quite a 
few deals as we speak.  Clearly, you know, I don’t need to, sort of everybody is aware of the activity 
taking place in the AI Space, and I think some of what we’ve done as investments over the last few 
years on AI is actually resulted in a very good platform that Arun has already talked about which is 
giving us the connected intelligence from an enterprise perspective which is quite unique and I think 
a lot of the product focus now would be to start leveraging those capabilities for our clients in across 
the Intellect businesses in you know, both GTB and in the GCB business lines. So a pretty good 
pipeline for the insurance businesses is coming, you know, coming over the next few quarters. 
Similarly, we have closed out some good wealth deals, but, they under contracting, and they are 
quite significant, so hopefully we’ll get traction on that too. Again, we bring a lot of, you know, AI 
capabilities for wealth advisers in the market so I think we expect that to also do well in the next few 
quarters here. 
 
 

 
 
Mohit Jain 
Okay, so this was through a partner, the eMACH.ai? Or was it through our own sales team? 
Banesh Prabhu 
We have our own team, at least for insurance, but we have a very strong relationship with both the 
large cloud providers in the US. 
Mohit Jain 
Great. The second was related to GeM now we have given EX GeM numbers for the first time so the 
recurring margin is whatever you have shown in Q4 now that is the new normal for intellect? Or 
should we take it at 25, 26% is what you’re looking at? 
Arun Jain 
You are calculating very quickly EX GeM number but I think 23/24% because some investment will 
be required so around 24% numbers we are looking around. 
 
Mohit Jain 
 
Around 24? 
Arun Jain 
Yeah. 
Mohit Jain 
Okay and Sir your tax rate now that we have this exceptional item and I assume you have moved to 
the new regime so now should we assume 25% as the standard tax rate going forward? 
Arun Jain 
Yeah 
Vasudha Subramaniam 
The ETR across the globe will be 23%, for India it’s 25% so we’ll optimize it to 23% at a consolidated 
level. 
Mohit Jain 
Right. And last ma’am, last on receivable days you have also given DSO now that’s the new DSO 
number for Intellect or should we read going forward because I’m assuming from 1Q numbers will 
be EX GeM only? 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Arun Jain 
 
Yeah, so whatever the old pending is there in GeM, we will be reporting separately because there is 
a pending money sitting there. If you are looking at non-GeM business receivable will be less than 
100. 
 
Mohit Jain  
 
89/90 I think you have reported.  
 
Arun Jain 
 
Yeah, 90 days, which is there. 
 
Vasudha Subramaniam 
 
You can take it as less than 100 days. 
 
Arun Jain 
 
Less than 100 days,  definitely less than 100 days. 
 
Mohit Jain 
At the consolidated level? 
 
Arun Jain 
 
At the consolidated level. 
 
Vasudha Subramaniam 
 
Correct. 
 
Arun Jain 
 
But GeM, we will keep it separate. We will park it separately to collect the money, which is taking its 
own time in the Government of India to collect. 
 
Mohit Jain 
 
So there is also DSO; I think this should get over in six months or something like that right 
 
Arun Jain 
 
If the Government pays on time and it’s over in six months, logically, it should be over in six months. 
But you need to keep your fingers crossed. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Mohit Jain 
 
Got it. Thank you Sir, all the best for 25. 
 
Arun Jain 
 
Yeah, thank you. 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Thank you, Mohit Jain. Please I request everybody, in case you want to ask a question, please click 
‘raise your hand’ please click raise your hand. As of now doesn’t seem to be anybody. Any further 
question? 
 
Arun Jain 
 
That’s a very good news, I think we communicated well on the some more yeah four questions are 
there, yes please 3 more questions are there.  
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Next, we have Mr. Nemish Shah. Nemish, please ask your question.  
 
Nemish Shah  
 
Hi this is Nemish Shah from Emkay Investment Managers again I had one clarification with respect to 
GeM so if I just compare the Q3 numbers that we are provided with GeM and without GeM and 
compare the Q4 numbers, in Q3, we had a cost base of around 67 Crs. in GeM which has come down 
to about 27 Crs. in Q4 so just wanted to understand were we able to that redeploy cost of about 
Rs.40 Crs.  So what is this 40 Crs. differential with respect to GeM if you can clarify? 
 
Vasudha Subrahmaniam  
 
In Q3, we also had GeM in the sense the GeM got ended only by mid of December so until such time 
we had GeM cost we had third party cost related to GeM and all so in Q4 we conservatively made 
some provisions for some of the cost. It's not a provision against the doubtful debts but for some of 
the liquidated damages we made some provisions. So as it is in Q3 we had GeM at least till the end 
of December and that is the reason for difference.  
 
Manish Maakan 
 
He is asking how we redeployed 40 Crs.  
 
 
Vasudha Subrahmaniam  
 
That’s what in GPX    
 
 

 
 
 
Arun Jain 
 
GPX 
 
Nemish Shah  
 
Okay so that was largely third-party outsourcing cost or that.  
 
Vasudha Subrahmaniam  
 
We had third-party sourcing, yes.  
 
Nemish Shah  
 
And these 27 Crs.—is there any third-party cost related to that or is that largely on our books? 
 
Vasudha Subrahmaniam  
 
27 Crs did not include any third party. It included some of the employee cost, so we retained them 
for redeployment so that cost is being included. and secondly we made some provisions on some 
liquidated damages, and because of which is what are, the ETR for the quarter is also little high 
because that’s been disallowed for the purpose of income tax and we also had some Capex related 
cost on account of GeM so all these three constituted this Rs.27 Crs,  there was no third party cost 
involved in this.  
 
Nemish Shah  
 
Okay, I got it. So, going forward, will not the entire Rs.27 Crs.  continue, or will it be lower than that? 
 
Vasudha Subrahmaniam 
 
Yeah, it will be lower. We may make some investments, but they will not be the entire amount.  
 
Nemish Shah 
 
Got it. That’s it from my side, thank you.  
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Thank you, Nemish. Next, we have Mr. Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors 
Umang, Please ask your question.  
 
Umang Shah  
 
Hi sir, am I audible?  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Praveen Malik  
 
Yeah, please go ahead.  
 
Umang Shah  
 
Sir, are we seeing any lower competitive intensity from Temenos, considering they have some issues 
that they need to look at on the AR side?  
 
Rajesh Saxena 
 
So, actually it’s a very interesting and difficult question to answer but when we look at it from a 
market perspective, we are seeing Temenos still very much in the fray, so we have not seen that as if 
the intensity has got lost - this is from the ground market feedback.   
 
Umang Shah 
 
Right, sir. That’s useful. Sir, in terms of Thought Machine, I wanted to understand that Arun Sir made 
some comments about how new-age Fintechs don’t have the kind of security features that we do. 
Would you include Thought Machine in that, or would you say that at least, on the security front, all 
three firms are on the same level?   
 
Arun Jain 
 
Rajesh, you want to answer.  
 
Rajesh Saxena 
 
Yeah, please go ahead. I can add Arun.    
 
Mr. Arun Jain 
 
Thought Machine,  as a framework so basically Thought Machine provides a framework to the bank, 
not a full core banking product as such so their strategy is slightly different from Temenos and 
Intellect. Our strategy is to provide a full, complete domain-focused product, whereas on Thought 
Machine, a lot of things have to be worked out by the Implementation Partners. Hence, 
Implementation Partners make a lot of money on Thought Machine. Once they have to build the 
solution then they provide the partners, provide the security framework and other things on top of 
it.  So, on the box on the cloud-ready product to be used, I think we have invested the money into 
that; in Thought Machine's case it’s a customer who invests that money into them.        
 
Umang Shah 
 
Right Sir.       
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Rajesh Saxena 
 
I was saying that I am going to echo the same point saying that Thought Machine is giving us a 
simple framework, and the framework either the Bank, IT team, or SI has to build on that 
framework, so if you really compare between Thought Machine and Intellect, we come not only with 
the underlying eMACH.ai architecture but we build, we bring the deep domain, the banking domain 
and that’s what set us very unique from Thought Machine.       
 
Umang Shah 
 
Very useful, Sir, thank you so much. 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Thanks Umang. Next we have Mr. Mukul Verma from Verma Associates. Mukul, you there, Mukul 
are you there? Mukul left, actually.  
 
Okay, Next, we have Nitin Sharma. Oh Mr mukul Varma is there 
 
Mukul Varma 
 
Am I audible?    
 
Praveen Malik  
 
Okay, please go ahead.  
 
Mukul Varma 
 
Good evening, Sir. I just wanted to check on the buyback front last time. When I read this question, 
you said that you are in discussions at the board level. Can we look at something on that front in the 
coming year? By this year's end, you will have in excess of 1000 Crs. cash on this.  
 
Arun Jain  
 
Once we are crossing 1000 Crs.  then definitely we can look at it. We should be, as you are guessing 
the right number.     
 
Mukul Varma 
 
Another thing with the RBI getting very harsh on Kotak Bank, PayTm and other Banking Institutions 
for want of Technology spend because of their business going up and the technology is not 
commensurate with the software they use, so how do you look at it? How does that kind of generate 
more business for us, or is it some they will have to go back to their existing vendor to set this right I 
heard the con-call of Kotak bank where they said they are already investing 1700 Crs. in Technology 
and they are going to invest much-more to get things on track to start online onboarding through 
their 811 and credit card, so does it help you. 
 

 
 
 
 
Arun Jain 
 
I appreciate you are reading the right news from the system and, if you heard in the beginning, I 
mentioned some leakages in the old systems. Hence, it’s like an old building legacy application is like 
old Bombay buildings or old Delhi buildings where leakages happen from somewhere. Now, to fix 
those leakages, either you refresh, or you fix them by the quick and dirty fix tools. Logically, these 
two incidents happened in India; there are more incidents that are bound to happen in US and 
Europe. Then only I will think the people will pay attention to the legacy migration, accelerate the 
legacy migration... still people are not fully believing it into what the new security standards of the 
world are and it will take another… I would say another 12 to 18 months to understand that legacy 
core and legacy lending platforms are fundamentally built on the technology by hollowing the code, 
by doing patchworks. It's not going to solve the problem; you need to go to the first principle 
thinking of understanding what customer events are, what services bank is providing them, and 
what APIs do they need. Today, they are getting into very, very quick and dirty fixes. Indian banks 
are still saying that the cost of technology ,the RFP , still they are not understanding the difference 
between what enterprise grade software means for banking. So, we’re facing those troubles to 
communicate the story of what enterprise grade  solutions mean to the banks and why banks 
require enterprise-grade software of that nature with almost so many grades and, so much 
investment are required. Very few…, we are investing close to a thousand people in R&D each year. 
A thousand people in R&D, I am mentioning to some US person, is at $100K per R&D cost, it’s a $200 
Million per year cost compared to any other vendor in America or Europe. Which company can, 
that’s a huge number for us to invest into making the enterprise grade software. But people are still 
on the sidelines not in the Centre of the stage, to make an impact, but it will come somewhere, 
sometime. 
   
Mukul Varma 
 
Got it Sir. Thank you, Thank you.  All the best. 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Thank you, Mukul. In case you want to ask a question, please click to raise your hand. We have Mr 
Nitin Sharma from MC Pro Research. Nitin, you are there? Please ask a question, Nitin.  Mr Nitin 
Sharma? It looks like he’s not there and is not able to unmute. Mr Nitin Sharma, please ask a 
question. 
 
Nitin Sharma 
 
Hello, yeah, thank you. So, on your three new platforms, the APX, GPX, and CPX, you mentioned that 
discussions are ongoing. Help us understand whether these discussions focus only on the overseas 
market or the domestic market. 
 
Mr Arun Jain 
 
Just repeat the question. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Nitin, be a little louder. 
 
Nitin Sharma 
 
Yes, so are the discussions that you have mentioned focused only on the overseas market or also on 
the domestic market? 
 
Mr Arun Jain 
 
Yeah, they are starting from the Indian market and then going to the overseas market. GPX is 
focused on the overseas market as well and some of the Indian states are also looking for 
procurement solutions so that’s marketed on. So now there is a central Government portal, and 
there is a momentum of state Government also wanting a government procurement portal, but this 
time, we’ll not be getting into the investment mode, we’ll be selling the license. So we will be getting 
the money upfront from the government rather than using the partnership-sharing model with the 
government. In corporate procurement portal we are finding a large space of procurement in India 
as well as in Asia Pacific and Middle East before we jump into Europe and America. It’s the same 
strategy that we do for any other products. First, we used in India go to Asia nearby countries and 
then go to Europe and America. It’s a 3-year journey when we move in this direction.  
 
Nitin Sharma 
 
Understood, Thank you. 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Ok Nitin? 
 
Nitin Sharma 
 
Yeah. 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Thanks, Nitin, I think Vivek wants to ask some questions once again. 
 
Arun Jain 
 
Okay! 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Vivek, unmute yourself. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Vivek 
 
Arun Ji, am I audible? 
 
Arun Jain 
 
Yeah. 
 
Vivek 
 
Just you mentioned to the previous participant that clients are going for a band-aid solution. So if 
you can give qualitative, I am not asking about the growth rate and all but qualitative commentary 
on competitive intensity across the market and which products you think you people are ready to 
invest. You are more positive to drive growth over the next two-three years, because during the last 
con-call you mentioned the same thing that in India people are not really going for enterprise grade 
solutions. So if you can give us where you think our products will find acceptance and where the 
growth will come from and qualitative commentary with regards to how qualitative competitions 
shaping up across our products, across our products in the sense of at least whatever you want to 
mention? Thanks. 
 
Arun Jain  
 
I think Europe is definitely a market which is very sensitive to architecture change, So when they are 
going through it, Rajesh mentioned an OTP deal; it took us 18 months 21 sessions of various 
architectural sessions before they selected us over Thought Machine. That rigor of selection, 
wherever they have a rigor of selection, we are getting selected. Whenever the rigour is based only 
on RFP based or rigor based on the pricing based, our referencability become weak from that 
perspective. Our win ratio in those areas and it’s there in Europe, it’s there in Canada, it’s there in 
some portion of US, not all the US banks, but I would classify the US into two categories. One is 
architecturally focused, and the second is band-aid focused banks. You can see them differently, and 
there where they are looking architecture, they are looking AI, they are more exploratory, they can 
be looking at understanding the technology first, I would not say exploratory they are. 
Understanding the technology better, they invest in their strong architecture teams, and they select 
the solution. So there are the virtual account systems in the US… one of the largest banks in US, and 
one of the top 20 banks in the US, they selected entire embedded finance platform from us, they 
took us almost again 24 months to evaluate. So these are the long-cycle deals. Now we will have our 
fourth…this is our third of fourth deal in the US in embedded finance. And once we have three, four 
..once we cross a hump of five deals in the US in embedded finance, then the acceleration will 
happen. 
 
Vivek 
 
So BaaS, who can see as our competitors? In BaaS…because you said that.  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Manish Maakan 
 
They are primarily local vendors over there who are single mono liners. We could advantage, we 
right now are able to establish is it’s a part of a full corporate treasury enterprise platform, they 
could start with a point solution on just managing virtual accounts on how to manage the payables 
or receivables better… but a full treasury needs a deposit product, a liquidity product, a receivable 
product… so the architecture validation through some of these are happening and once you break 
through and win with these through architecture, really then the competition eliminates. Because 
it’s all legacy in the US like all of us know. 
 
Vivek 
 
So you over next few years you see this band-aid things, people having some, people realising that 
they have to invest in enterprise and anything  that you think will force them. 
 
Manish Maakan 
I think there are two patterns I am looking forward to. One is a positive pattern that some of the 
banks are making those investments and will generate confidence in the rest of the market like we 
have seen. The second is the numbers of accidents are happening. Sometimes that accident 
accelerates the wave much faster. At that time are you ready or not ready, you have proven live 
sites, I think that makes a difference…so that we are following that journey right now.  
 
Vivek 
 
Thanks very much for the answer, Sir. 
 
Praveen Malik 
 
Thanks, Vivek. Arun, we have one last question from Mr Rohith Balkrishnan from ithought pms. 
Rohith, please quickly ask your question. 
 
Rohith Balakrishnan 
 
Hello Sir, am I audible? 
 
Manish Maakan 
 
Yeah 
 
Rohith Balakrishnan 
 
Good evening Sir. So Just my question is on platform revenues of this quarter were around 56 Crs.s, 
So first is this includes the 9 Crs. of GeM or is excluding that? 
 
Vasudha Subrahmaniam 
 
It includes. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Rohith Balakrishnan 
 
Okay. So if I were to exclude that so, we are around 45 Crs. around that 46, 47 Crs. of Revenue. How 
do you see this revenue shaping up. So over the next let say 8, 10 quarters. I mean just your colour 
would be very useful given we are seeing good traction in eMACH.ai but at the same time, in the 
past you said that you will do what your customer wants. So, just your comments on this, how do 
you see the platform revenue sort of coming in and just connected to this as a result then, the 
margins as well because those are expected to be higher margins. 
 
Arun Jain 
 
Yeah, I think we can have more predictability three years from now, not quarterly, so your question 
is right in three years’ time. This business has to be a 50 to 75-million-dollar business in platform 
revenue and should be there comfortably. So we are targeting 100 million, but 50 to 75 million 
dollars should be the platform revenue in 3 years’ time. So, that’s a better way to look at the 
platform revenue right now. 
 
Rohith Balakrishnan 
 
Sure, that was the only question; thank you. 
 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Rohith, and thank you, everybody, for joining the call today. If you have any further 
questions, please do write to us. Thank you. Now, you can log off. Thank you. 
 
-----------------------------x-------------------------x---------------------x---------------- 
  
