 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 25th floor 
Dalal Street 
Scrip Code: 500830 
Mumbai-400001 
 
The Manager – Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Symbol: COLPAL 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block – G 
Series: EQ 
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
   Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Analyst Conference Call- Transcript. 
 
This is further to our letter dated May 15, 2024, regarding an Analyst Conference Call, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of Analyst Conference Call held on May 15, 2024. 
 
The aforesaid transcript is also available on the website of the Company at the link mentioned below: 
 
Link- https://www.colgateinvestors.co.in/pdf/cp-analyst-transcript-15052024.pdf  
  
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Surender Sharma 
Whole-time Director – Legal & Company Secretary 
DIN: 02731373 
 
Encl: a/a 
SURENDER 
KUMAR SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SURENDER KUMAR SHARMA 
Date: 2024.05.21 15:20:55 
+05'30'

 
 
 
“Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited Analyst Conference Q4 & 
FY'24 Earnings Call” 
 
May 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Ms. Prabha Narasimhan – Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer, Colgate-Palmolive (India) 
Limited 
Mr. M.S. Jacob – Whole-time Director & Chief 
Financial Officer, Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
Ms. Sujata Nairi – Director, Commercial & Investor 
Relations, Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
  
 

Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and welcome to the Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited 
Analyst Conference Call for the Financial Year 2023-2024. 
Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking statements and these 
statements are made on the basis of the Company's views and assumptions as of this time and 
are not the guarantees of future performance. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. At that time, participants 
on webcast may click on the “Ask a Video Question Tab,” which is enabled below the media 
player. Alternatively, you may also post your text questions on the “Ask A Question Tab” 
available on your screen. Participants connected via telephone may enter “*” and “1” on their 
phone to ask a question. 
Today's session will Begin with a Brief Presentation by the Management of the Company, 
Sharing their Views on the Overall Company's Performance and Strategy, and this will be 
followed by a Question-and-Answer Session. 
I now hand over the proceedings to Ms. Sujata Nairi – Director, Commercial and Investor 
Relations at Colgate-Palmolive (India) Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Sujata Nairi: 
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Colgate Palmolive Analyst Meet for the 
Financial Year '23-24. Very happy to have all of you here. 
We will start this presentation with a Brief Presentation from Jacob and Prabha. This would 
then be followed by a Q&A Session. 
Before we start, I'd just like to point out that the statements here may have some forward-
looking statements and we have included the Safe Harbor about that in our presentation. 
I will now hand over to Prabha for her Opening Remarks and Presentation. Thank you, Prabha 
and over to you. 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
Thank you, Sujata. Good morning, everyone. 
It's a pleasure to be here and thank you for joining us. It's been about I think since August of 
last year since we met at the brand days, Jacob and I are very excited to talk you through the 
results of this quarter. 
This is the structure of what we're going to cover. Really, a Quick Update of our Performance. 
The important point of what is our view of oral care and the forward view of the category, 
what's our strategy to take on this category and lead it to the next level and then look at our 
financial performance. 
So, diving straight in, the last time that we spoke, we had laid out the three principles on which 
we run our business, which is that our effort will be to grow our top line, strengthen the equity 
that we have, which is already exceedingly strong and to make that even better, and to take a 
simplification to the next level. As we go through this, we will talk through all three of these 
parameters. 
Starting first with our performance, I'm very pleased to report that in the latest quarter, we have 
delivered a 10.7% domestic growth, a good double-digit growth in a good quarter for us, and 
this takes actually our full year performance to near double-digit, which is 9.5%, the highest 
performance that we've delivered in the last little while and really a testament to the strength of 

this organization. This comes along with an excellent performance on margin, EBITDA margin 
strengthening from the 29.8% levels of FY'23 to 33.7% margin of FY'24, and in the latest 
quarter we have delivered the highest margins ever at 35.9%. I know that we have a lot of 
discussion around margin in this Company and the way we look at margin is actually to see it 
as the ability of this Company to drive performance, which is linked to the strong equity that 
we have the privilege to run and linked also to the financial discipline and the rigor that we 
have on managing all lines of the P&L. 
And starting of course, with the strong equity that I've already mentioned a couple of times in 
the very first few minutes of this call, this is the strength of the Colgate brand equity. The 
letters that you see in brackets indicate a significance over the previous time period. So, when 
you see the column 61% top of mind awareness in 2022, going to 64% top of mind awareness 
in 2023 and you see an ‘A' next to it, it says that 64% is actually significantly better than the 
61%, and similarly the 67% is significantly better than the 64% and the 61%. 
And top of mind, of course, being the measure that is really critical to all FMCG brands, given 
that most FMCG purchase is a system one purchase in the moment. When you ask a consumer, 
when I say toothpaste, what is the first brand that comes to your mind? 67% of them say, 
“Colgate or a Brand of Colgate.” 
Commensurate with that increase in top-of-mind awareness, we also see an increase in the 
brand of first choice. So, the same question of what would be your first brand of choice, a little 
bit more considered as the heading would suggest, a little bit more considered view of what 
you would buy in oral care and 61% of consumers say, that “They would buy Colgate.” Again, 
significantly up over the previous couple of years. 
And the last one, which is perhaps the most important functional measure of category 
performance. Oral care expertise is now at 78%, again, significantly up over the previous 
couple of years. And all of this culminates in a measure that we call, “North Star,” it's a 
cumulative equity measure which measures equity on three parameters of how visible are you, 
how distinctive are you and what is your emotional bond and you can see that the strength of 
this brand is incredible, and what is really heartening to see is actually the movement even 
against a very, very strong start. 
From a simplification lens, there have been really three areas that we focused on. One of 
course is the use of data to make sure that the decisions that we are taking are faster, are better, 
and are more in tune with what is happening in the market, and to that end, we have deployed 
an advanced marketing mix module that allows us to keep modifying how we spend our 
advertising money. Colgate is actually one of the, if not the most advertised FMCG brands in 
the country and making sure that we juice that expenditure to drive growth is critical to us, and 
this market mix modeling helps us to get better and better at doing that. 
We now have an AI-led planograming, which I've referenced before, but goes from strength-to-
strength in terms of ensuring that our availability in stores, particularly self-service stores, is 
exactly as we believe it should be in that store in terms of share of shelf, in terms of ensuring 
full on shelf availability, in terms of assuring planogramming in terms of proximity of A2B, 
etc., And the measurement of that is really getting better and better and giving us significant 
insight which allows us to keep moving this forward at a rapid pace. 

And, of course, simplifying supply chain is one of the reasons why we are able to continuously 
deliver continued margin improvement as we suck out every non-value adding cost in the 
system, allowing us to both invest back in product and packaging quality as well as invest back 
in significantly increased advertising. Advertising for the year has gone up by 20% and for the 
quarter has gone up by about 18%, and this is something that we're committed to doing once 
again linked back to the equity of this incredible brand. 
Coming back to Oral Care and I want to step back for a moment and just remind you of the 
context of Oral Care in India. The average toothpaste consumption in India continues to be 
under-indexed to any comparable country and we compare to Philippines as being the nearest 
perhaps to our market. And with that comparison, we are at 0.6 index on a total India level 
broken up as 0.7 in urban and 0.5 in rural. So, significant headroom opportunity for us even if 
we approach the consumption levels of Philippines. 
And then if you take that to the extreme of the Brazil type consumption levels, then you're 
saying we are at about 0.33 index in India and so we could potentially have a toothpaste 
market that is 3X the volume size of the market that we have currently. And why is that? It's 
because of the two numbers that you see below. Only 20% of urban households brush twice a 
day. So, anytime you visit your dentist, they would tell you that you should minimum be 
brushing twice a day, and of course, 55% of rural households don't brush daily. And these two 
opportunities, moving them is actually a fundamental pillar of our strategy, which we'll talk 
about shortly. 
When we take a look at the toothbrush category, two, there's one fact on the slide there, which 
is 78% of toothbrushes are sold below Rs.40. The other fact is that, on average, a toothbrush 
gets replaced every nine months whereas again, the dentist would have you believe that you 
need to replace your tooth brush ideally, every three months. And therefore, the opportunity to 
both move the frequency of replacement as well as driving up the premiumization or moving 
people to better quality toothbrushes, becomes a huge opportunity for the Company. 
And why do we believe that we are the best placed to move all of these numbers, and why are 
these numbers important to us? Because of numerous set of facts. And I know that I labor the 
point on these facts, but these are good facts and so, I am going to labor the point on the fact 
that we are India's #1 oral Care Brand by far, we are the India's Most Loved Oral Care Brand 
again by far, we are the Most Penetrated Oral Care Brand existing in Nine out of 10 
Households, we are the Most Recalled Oral Care Brand, we discussed that already and the 
Most Considered Oral Care Brand as well. 
Also, our relative strength in the category is exceedingly high and we can look at this from 
three parameters: Firstly, what is our relative size versus the number two player in the 
category. So, in the toothpaste category, we are three times the number two player in the 
toothpaste category and in the toothbrush category we are 1.5X or near 1.5X the number two 
player. 
Then, if we move our attention to a portfolio play and where does Colgate plays. The top line 
and the red dots really indicate that we play across every benefit segment that is important to 
consumers, whether it is strength of teeth, fresh breath, sensitivity, pain, gums, it really doesn't 
matter what the segment is. We play across all toothpaste segments, and you can link that back 

to the oral care expertise that we've already looked at. And every other player in this category 
actually plays in one, maybe two segments. 
When we then double click that into, do we play across price bands? The answer is also, yes, 
and we're the only Company that actually plays with our portfolio starting from a Rs.10 CST 
all the way up to our most premium brands, the most therapeutic brands that are available 
through the professional oral care channel, we play across all price points. So, this combination 
of starting size, a portfolio that plays across all categories and across all price points sets us up 
beautifully to make sure that we are driving this category forward. 
So, that brings me really to our strategy and I've spent a lot of time talking about oral care and 
this is a strategy that I hope is very familiar, because we've now been talking about it for quite 
a few quarters, but I'll go through it once again anyway. Our first critical job is to lead 
toothpaste category growth. This is both our privilege and our responsibility with all of the 
data that we've discussed so far, to make sure that this category is growing faster and therefore 
1A of our strategy is to grow toothpaste category volume. 
The second within that 1B is really for us to grow to our core, within that which is the three 
brands of Colgate Strong Teeth, MaxFresh and Active Salt. 
Our second job is to premiumize through science-based superior innovation, all the words 
being really important, and we'll talk about it how this comes to life through total through 
visible white and through thinking on therapeutics that we are now deploying. 
Our third leg is to drive growth in toothbrushes and in devices. Like I said, we're about 1.5X 
the second player in the toothbrush category, getting ever stronger as we deploy some very 
exciting plans. 
And the last leg, which allows us to say that, yes, we are an oral care Company and yes, we are 
the oral care expert, but there is opportunity for us in diversification and to leverage the great 
equities that we have outside of India, and of course the Palmolive equity in India. 
And for a change today, I'm actually going to start by talking about personal care before I 
come back into the world of oral care, because we're quite excited about the work that's 
happening on Palmolive. A quick background on Palmolive. Before I go there, Palmolive's 
equity built over 73-years in India, 60% of our target audience is aware of the brand. This is 
something that with the plethora of new-age brands that are coming into categories, this is the 
kind of awareness that would be very, very coveted, and we are very lucky to have a brand that 
has such latent equity. Our strategy on Palmolive is to play in cleansing, body wash and hand 
wash and that's really the focus of where we play. The body wash category, sub-3% penetration 
all India but growing rapidly as consumers look to get better and better and more premium 
experiences. The category grows at a CAGR of anywhere between 30% to 40%, depending on 
when you look at it and presents a huge opportunity for us given that we start from a relatively 
small position. This is a category where growth is there for the taking. 
And what we have in our arsenal is really a global portfolio and technology to support superior 
products delivered to consumers, delivering superior experiences. 
Starting with what we've done just a few weeks ago, which is the launch of three new variants 
on Palmolive, we exceedingly well researched variants, which deliver a supreme sensorial 

experience communicated or backed now with brand new communication, which we'll just talk 
about in one moment. 
 
(Video-15:15-15:46) 
 
 
So, the reason to be for Palmolive is really to encourage our consumers that in the stress and 
the hurry and the number of to-do-lists that we have and fighting of traffic and stress and 
pollutants to just maybe take a moment in that shower or bathing moment to slow down and to 
enjoy the sensorial experience that is Palmolive. 
Within, this is what we have in play currently. Like I've mentioned before, we have the 
opportunity of a global portfolio to choose from and as we go forward in subsequent quarters, 
we will see new things coming in from our global portfolio and we always remain in 
conversation on relevant inorganic growth opportunities. 
So, with that, I want to pivot back to the oral care category and talk about leading toothpaste 
category growth and really the focus is going to be on first on the first part of driving category 
growth, where our efforts have been in the area of moving that 20% number of urban brush 
twice a day to being higher than that and we'll show the communication and then talk about it. 
Video-(16:55-17:24) 
Launched during Diwali last year, I hope most of you, if not all of you, have had a chance to 
see this campaign, very, very simple insight, which is that as Indians, we love our sweets. A lot 
of sweets get eaten after dinner. Then you go to sleep having eaten sweets without brushing 
your teeth, which is a surefire recipe for oral health issues and therefore, the exhortation to 
brush at night. 
Of course, just moving consumer behavior, as we've discussed, is not easy, it takes time, and 
it's also not about us just putting one piece of advertising on air and assuming that it's a magic 
bullet. So, it is about creating awareness as we have done here, ensuring that we're contextual 
in the moment of purchase. So, the things that you see on the left were all the activations that 
were done around Diwali in and around the suite locations and continue to be done now, and 
then to make sure that we continue to remind topically and there's an example here from the 
ad. 
(Video-18:22-18:54) 
So, a contextual ad for every single match with every single combination of teams that has 
gone out and obviously at the appropriate moment, because this does play in the second match 
of IPL, which is usually about the time that dessert is being thought of. And all of this above 
the line activity is also supported by very strong on-ground activities, which include a strong 
home-to-home program. 
And underpinning this and I keep coming back to this because it's really critical to the Colgate 
Company, is our mission of making sure that we are improving the oral health of everyone in 
this country and the flagship program that we have under that is really our bright smiles, bright 
futures program, which has been running now is in its fifth decade goes to schools at grassroot 
level and teaches the basics of oral care, the right way of brushing, brushing twice a day, 
saying no to tobacco, ensuring that you replace your toothbrush and making sure that you have 
the right nutrition, leads to right oral health. In its 50-plus years, it has reached 176 million 
children and is perhaps one of the large reasons why toothpaste and toothbrush in this country 

have universal penetration. In the last year we have added about 5.2 million children who have 
been reached through this program, and through the coming year we have a commitment to 
reach another 10 million children. Currently, operational in eight states along with partnership 
from various state governments and other organizations, we are looking to expand this 
program to closer to 10-12 states in this financial year. A critical program which has long-
standing and consistent commitment, and this is the kind of commitment that we intend to put 
behind brushing at night in terms of the above the line activity that you just saw. 
So, I move from 1A to 1B and talk from our flagship program to our flagship brand, which is 
Colgate Strong Teeth. We relaunched Colgate Strong Teeth with the superior formulation last 
year. This is the only market standard toothpaste which has the benefit of Arginine technology. 
And just for me to repeat myself, Arginine technology works towards working with the 
bacteria in your mouth to ensure that you can get stronger teeth. So, a technology that actually 
has been patented by Colgate and has been used and clinically proven to deliver stronger teeth. 
We've now taken that superior product and put it in the packaging that highlights the existence 
of Arginine and the role of Arginine, and we are taking this particular communication further 
and deeper into the rest of India. 
Our second brand, MaxFresh, has also been the most successful brand in our portfolio over the 
last couple of years, again underpinned by proprietary Ultrafreeze technology, which is a 
flavor delivery system that delivers freshness like no other toothpaste does, again has been 
revamped with new packaging graphics as well as more premium packaging, which includes a 
standup pack. 
Strong commercial support behind the key SKU of Rs.20 and continuous activation, this is 
focused on young adults’ toothpaste and therefore needs continuous engagement and 
excitement to keep it relevant and active, one example of which follows here. 
(Video-22:27-24:00) 
Always brings back happy memories and I moved from Colgate MaxFresh to Colgate Active 
Salt, which is really the third part of our core portfolio. Once again, I'm going to sound a little 
bit like a stuck record, but this is really about the underpinning that we have that superior 
technology, and superior products are the way to go in this category. So, we have relaunched 
Colgate Active Salt with a superior technology that actually is better at fighting painful dental 
problems or fighting the dental niggles that various consumers have. Once again back to buy a 
new communication that has tested in the top 15% of advertising and once again supported by 
a very strong commercial investment. 
(Video-24:44-25:16) 
Salt has great belief amongst consumers in terms of the efficacy of it to solve many, many oral 
care problems and this is salt technology that has been incorporated into our new formulation. 
And all of these efforts that have been going on with these brands for a while now have led 
once again to consideration for every one of our sub-brands going up. You saw the numbers for 
the overall Colgate brand. This is now broken up by sub-brands and consideration for every 
one of our key sub-brands continues to rise and obviously there is opportunity for us to do 
even more. 

I move from this to the second pillar, which is really science-led premiumization and I want to 
start with Colgate, globally, #1 brand, which is Colgate Total. If you talk to any Colgate 
employee around the world and you ask them, “Which toothpaste is, do they think is the best?” 
The answer will most likely be Colgate Total. This is an equity that has a lot of room in India. 
It used to be a larger brand and has opportunity now to restore some of that size or at least all 
of that size. In this brand, what we have done so far is to make sure that we are building 
accessibility and driving trials. We're sampling over 9 million units a year. We have launched 
an access pack which is 80 grams at Rs.80, which is at roughly about 45% to 50% premium to 
the market standard toothpaste pricing, which is really the sweet spot where we imagine that 
premiumization will take off, and early results on this brand have been great. So, in the 
channels of the future between MT and eCom, we are seeing market shares grow quite 
handsomely and the portfolio from an internal growth perspective grows at three times the rate 
of the rest of our portfolio. So, lots of things for us to be happy about as far as Colgate Total is 
concerned. 
The second leg of our premiumization has been whitening. This is a segment that we have 
created and we almost entirely own, being by far the largest player in this segment. Our lead 
product here is a Whitening toothpaste, Colgate Visible White, a brand new media strategy on 
Visible White has just been rolled out, focusing really on ensuring that we use our very strong 
first party data, reach of influencers, high beauty affinity consumers because this is actually a 
product that sits in the space between oral care and beauty, because it is oral beauty. It is one of 
the first whitening products in the country and again doing exceedingly well. This month or 
well towards the back end of this month early in June, we will also launch a first to the world 
Whitening Booster in the Colgate franchise. This is akin to a gel that you put on your teeth, 
leave for a few moments, and then wash off for whiter teeth. It is in addition to adjunct to 
toothpaste, not a substitute to toothpaste, and therefore allows us to play in an opportunity 
which is beyond just the paste category and making sure that we continue to expand the 
portfolio of products that are available under Visible White. So, Visible White will have a 
premium toothpaste. It already has a device that is available in professional oral care channels. 
It now will have a whitening booster gel and has a toothbrush. So, a full portfolio of products 
to ensure that for those who are desiring whiter teeth, there is something on offer for everyone. 
And I switch from oral beauty, maybe to the other end of the spectrum, which is really the Oral 
Therapeutic business that which your dentist recommends. 9% of Indians go to a dentist every 
year. The 9% number itself is quite small, but when you multiply that into the population, 
obviously, it's a very, very large number of people who go to dentists. Driving the professional 
oral care channel has actually been a strategic business pillar for us. We're extremely fortunate 
that in our 87-year history in this country, we've had the most tremendous relationships with 
the professional channel and continue to build on those relationships. We have about two and a 
half million plus annual touch points of contacts with dentists. We have the First Ever E-
Platform of direct-to dentist which is the dentist first and have 100 plus tie-ups with dental 
colleges which is far in excess of any other competitor, and this continues to be an area of 
focus and continues to be an opportunity for us. It grows very rapidly, but the headroom on this 
is way more than the size that we are currently. 
I move then to the Toothbrush Category. Big actions in the toothbrush category. Toothbrushes 
are a slightly different category from toothpaste in that it doesn't get a lot of advertising. There 

are some, but it doesn't get a lot of advertising. So, the heavy lifting on this category is done by 
having superior products with superior packaging that calls out on shelves. And whether that 
shelf is a modern trade shelf or a general trade shelf, therefore ensuring that we have taken one 
of our largest franchises, which is Zig Zag, relaunching it to go back to its core equity of Zig 
Zag Bristles for interdental cleaning, has led to some very stellar results. And of course, we 
have an opportunity to continue to upgrade our portfolio and it is our intention to make sure 
that we are borrowing the regimen story of a whitening toothpaste and a whitening toothbrush, 
a total toothpaste, and a total toothbrush, a PerioGard Toothpaste, and a PerioGard Toothbrush 
and so on and so forth. So, that the regimen idea of how you use a toothpaste, and a toothbrush 
continues to get built. 
We're exceedingly happy with the results that we are seeing on toothbrush, and I want to talk 
about just one geography where we were losing to our competitors over the last little while 
over the last 2-3-year period and with these actions that we have taken in a very, very large 
geography, restored market leadership, which I think is fantastic and we will only go from 
strength-to-strength from here. 
I move now, having already covered personal care earlier, to just a few of the enablers that 
we've inputted. The first one, of course, starting with Shopper. One of the things about the oral 
care category is making it clearer to consumers, the ladder between good, better, and best. And 
I think there's opportunity for us to keep driving that ladder and to that end planogramming in 
modern trade and ensuring that there are some visible aids to help understand what is good, 
better, and best is something that we have now deployed in a few stores. We're doing a pilot 
with Reliance. Early results have been nothing short of spectacular. We're seeing a significant 
increase in premiumization and a significant average selling price growth on toothpaste, and 
this is something that we are committed to. We will learn from this test pilot, make sure that 
we continue to evolve those learnings into better and better planograms. And this is one more 
area where we see this as being both a privilege and responsibility because it is up to us to 
move how oral care looks on the shelf and how oral care is shopped in. Now we're taking some 
very concrete steps to make that happen. 
And that was in the brick-and-mortar universe in the e-universe or the e-com universe. E-com 
continues to be a channel that is margin accretive, growth accretive, premiumization accretive 
for us. A critical channel in which we are very happy with our progress. And the work that's 
being done in terms of the content creation as well as the product portfolio that we sell on e-
com is getting better and better and there are lots of plans for us to continue to make this even 
more premium and even better as we pull apart the consumers who shop on e-commerce 
versus those who shop in brick-and-mortar. 
Of course, nothing is possible without making sure that we have organization and people’s 
priorities absolutely in the right place. They are the engines that drives this wonderful 
organization. We are doing a lot of effort both with our own people in terms of making sure 
that we have the structures and the capabilities to win and take this entire business forward, 
also, bringing in talent from the external market in select positions so that we get the learnings 
from the outside world to marry with our very strong understanding within the Company. Lots 
of effort is also being made, which is a core part of the DNA of this organization to make 
people feel cared for and include it. These are two critical caring and inclusion being two of 
the key values of the Colgate system and something that we hold very, very dear. 

And of course, it's the end of the year. And so, as a responsible corporate, we do release an 
ESG report. Our ESG report will go out with our annual report in about a month. But lots of 
significant progress made on the key measures of waste on recyclability, water usage as well as 
BSBF. 
And I want to talk here particularly about recyclability. We are already mostly in recyclable 
packaging. We have the tech for recyclable toothpaste tubes, which we are deploying, and we 
are in the process of looking at circularity for those toothpaste tubes to ensure that recyclable is 
also recycled. And as we exit this year, we hope to have some very interesting news to share in 
this space. 
With that, I'm going to hand it over to Jacob to talk a little bit about the financial performance. 
M.S. Jacob: 
Thank you, Prabha, and good morning, everybody. So, financial strategy stays consistent, 
driving sales volumes and if you go clockwise on that driving margin expansion, which allows 
us to invest behind superior products and increase in advertising, optimizing overheads, 
investing in brands as the advertising piece and then therefore further leading to increase in 
sales volume and therefore delivering operating profit increase. 
We are very pleased with the results for the quarter. You saw the numbers earlier, 1,481 crores 
for the quarter, 10.7% domestic growth, margins continue to be very healthy ~250 bps 
expansion during the quarter to 35.9% and profitability up 20% for the quarter. 
If you look at it a little bit longer-term, you can clearly see the momentum, 9.5% for the full 
year '24 with toothpaste double-digit in that 9.5%, and you can see quarter-on-quarter, we are 
accelerating the growth. The gross margin and EBITDA trends continue to be quite increasing. 
This is one question we've always been asked is the Company so obsessed with driving 
margins? So, there are different ways to look at it. One way is of course there is a pricing piece 
of it, which we normally calibrate with the inflation and the increase in input cost. But we also 
have what we call a very robust funding the growth program, where everybody in the 
Company has got targets to deliver cost savings. And examples are savings from global 
synergies, packaging savings, optimizing plant allocations between our four plants, automation 
at the plants, favorable product mix, import substitution. These are some examples of how we 
drive margin. This is unrelated to the pricing piece and is a big pillar on which our margin 
expansion rest. 
But we also use some of it to invest back in the products through product superiority. Prabha 
talked about that. We virtually relaunched and upgraded almost 100% of our portfolio. The 
packaging innovations you will continue to see. On tubes next year we will be on 100% 
recyclable tubes, and we are transitioning as we speak and further investing to enhance the 
brand experience. So, the 400-bps increase that you saw during the year is a combination of 
this, plus, of course, our pricing. 
In terms of investing behind the brands, advertising continues to be a key pillar. We've 
increased the advertising 20% year-on-year, 125 bps to 13.5% levels, that's 760 crores in 
advertising that we spent during the year. And importantly, the split of advertising, while we 
continue to support our brands, but we've also spent a sizable proportion of this on the 
brushing at night campaign that you saw earlier in the presentation. And of course, funding the 

strategy, strengthening core, driving premiumization, building personal care, these are the 
traditional areas where we continue to support. 
Cash generation continues to be a very good story. So, 1,263 crores, going up to 1,567 adjusted 
for the bank balances, and our return on capital employed is almost at the three-digit numbers. 
Value creation over time. Dividend, we saw yesterday, we announced the additional dividend 
of 10, what we call special dividend on top of the Rs.26, second interim dividend, that takes it 
to Rs.58 for the year. 
And our share price continues on an upward trajectory, and I hope some of you have 
personally gained from this movement. We’ve gone up 87% over the last one year, reflecting 
the strength of our performance. 
With that, I hand it back to Prabha. 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, in conclusion, I just want to say that we had laid out a strategy about 18, 20 months ago. 
We do believe that is the right strategy for this Company and we have deployed and executed 
that strategy quite well. We see results being delivered against that strategy and are quite happy 
with the progress of each of those pillars, and we can also see significant headroom of what 
more we can do to juice each of those pillars. 
And I want to end really with a two-part thought. The first part on oral care, which is that we 
are the leaders of the oral care category by far. And like I've said numerous times during this 
presentation, that's both the privilege and the responsibility for us to take this very important 
category forward in this country. We believe we have tremendous headroom to accelerate 
growth in this category, even despite the universal penetration of the core formats of toothpaste 
and toothbrush. 
Diversification for us is currently small and therefore represents a significant headroom 
opportunity for growth for the Company as we look to take on some of the other categories 
that we believe we have a right to win. 
And we continue to be committed to the three things that really guide everything that we do, 
which is to drive top line growth, ahead competitive top line growth, strengthen what is 
already a very strong Company and a very strong brand and make sure that in this process we 
continue to simplify to set ourselves up for future growth. Thank you again for your attention. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take our first 
question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on personal care. So, slide #19 mentions Protex and Sanex. So, is that an 
indication that these two brands have been kind of shortlisted and if any timeframe? And 
second related question on personal care is on Palmolive. So, we have seen the three new 
variants being launched, we have seen mass media also. So, my specific questions are there. 
Are you focusing essentially on modern trade and e-commerce for Palmolive because you have 
mentioned that 1.2X growth in share of mind is there in modern trade. So, is modern trade and 
e-commerce going to be the focus in the next two years here? Second is the category seeing 
huge disruption. It's a very low penetration, 3% penetration, but we are also seeing one player 
come with powder to liquid and they have done generally quite well in powder to liquid. So, 
given that disruption, focusing on premium, does it make sense? And last is your domestic 

sales growth was around 9.5% as a Company in FY'24. Would Palmolive have grown at least 
2x, 3X of that in FY'24? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, good morning, Abneesh. It's nice to hear from you again. And I'm going to take maybe the 
first two questions and leave the third one to Jacob. On the Palmolive brand, our focus is not 
only modern trade actually and I didn't touch upon this milestones algorithm that we have 
which tells us what kind of assortment, in what kind of stores in general trade and that is 
something that we will use to make sure that Palmolive is available in the right type of stores 
in general trade. With the 3% category penetration, we do need to be careful as to where we 
place the product and so our intention will be to be modern trade, e-commerce, and judicious 
general trade. The reason for putting the market shares in e-commerce and modern trade is 
obviously because they respond faster to any action and this is an action that is only about six-
odd weeks old, and we're already seeing some green shoot. And we're committed to building 
Palmolive across all the relevant channels in the relevant stores over the next foreseeable 
future and we think we have tremendous opportunity over there. The second part of your 
question on disruption in body wash. I think the lovely thing about having a category which is 
sub-3% penetration is that there is enough opportunity for everybody to grow in different 
spaces. So, there is an opportunity of cost at the bottom of the pyramid by offering value and 
there is equal if not larger opportunity at the top of the pyramid, which is convincing 
consumers who have money dealing with Palmolive is indeed a superior experience to what 
they currently experience. So, I think there's enough room and enough opportunity for 
everybody to grow and so less worried about what other people are doing in this segment in 
terms of disruption. We're also very, very confident about the technology that we have on 
Palmolive, and therefore the ability to deliver an end experience which is truly superior. On the 
first question on Protex and Sanex, I should have put on the image there, "For presentation 
only". We have a short form in Colgate which is called FPO and that is exactly what that is. It's 
not an indication of us doing Protex and/or Sanex, but I can only say that watch this space and 
then we will have some news in terms of what we believe is the right thing for us to borrow 
from our global portfolio and into India. And to the question on growth, I'm going to leave it to 
Jacob. 
M.S. Jacob: 
So, on growth, personal care is growing at a faster clip than oral care, and we continue to 
expect the growth to further accelerate and widen the growth difference as we go into the 
following quarters. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Just one small follow up on the Palmolive mass media advertising. Would you have a 
benchmark in terms of what kind of share of voice, etc., you would like to target because this 
is an under-invested brand for almost 2-3 decades. So, upfront advertising will be needed. So, 
in the channels where you are focusing initially, will you have a significant kind of a number 
in terms of share of voice? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, I think the way we measure these kind of campaigns is really what is the reach that we 
wish to deliver and what is the best way to deliver that reach. So, what you see as the mass 
media advertising is the only the tip of the iceberg in terms of what we are spending on 
Palmolive. A lot of it is actually going behind influencer marketing, digital campaigns and in 
store, which is really the bulk of our spends on Palmolive. So, what you see on mass media 
and multiply it by a few, that is the expenditure on Palmolive, and like I said, we are fully and 

utterly committed to driving Palmolive and the joy of having a P&L shape like the kind that 
we do is that we have the wherewithal to be able to do this. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from Amit Sachdeva. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
The question obviously an analyst asks is, how to look into the future? You know it has been a 
great year. So, with that, I just want to ask a couple of questions there. I assumed that last year 
was a lot of pricing and obviously initiative of premiumization, but also simultaneously 
developing the market. Could you help us understand nearly double-digit full year growth, 
what has been the volume mix and pricing element? And as we go into the next year, right, 
how do you see these elements shaping up? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, I think I want to maybe break up your question into two parts in terms of do we see 
potential for this category to grow and for us to grow within this category and what will make 
that happen because that's really your question saying, how are we going to sustain this kind of 
9.5% growth. And I think the answer to that actually lies in the fact that if you expand the 
category, the greatest gains will come to the category leader and that is really why 1A of our 
strategy is to focus on expanding the category, and that's one of the reasons why we are very, 
very optimistic that we can grow this category. And as we grow this category, we will be able 
to grow our volumes as well and our value as well. And of course, we haven't even begun to 
scratch the surface in terms of what we do on premiumization. I didn't talk about it because 
I've said it before, but just to remind you of some of the numbers, only 12% of this category 
sits above the 140 index, that number for other personal care categories is already 30%-plus, 
and even amongst SCCA, the penetration of a premium toothpaste and I'm calling anything 
above 140 index a premium toothpaste is only at 28%. So, even amongst those who have 
money, only one in four buy a premium toothpaste. So, the opportunity to then convince them 
of the superior offerings that exist in our portfolio is exceedingly high. So, very optimistic 
about our ability to grow this category and therefore continue to grow our volumes and our 
value. To the second part of your question of, “Do we want to break it up?” We tend not to 
break up the number just in terms of what we're looking at though is a balanced growth 
between price and volume as we go forward. So, price, volume, and mix, these are the three 
things that obviously go into it, and we'd look at roughly a balanced growth between all of 
them. And to the underlying question of, “Do we have the ability to take more pricing?” 
Actually, price is always an outcome of what is the value that you're delivering or what is the 
benefit that the consumer sees, and therefore, what is she willing to pay? And as long as we 
keep enhancing the benefit that we're delivering to consumers, I think this brand has potential 
to take pricing. I think actually all of the vectors, our ability to take pricing, ability to expand 
the market and ability to drive premiumization, I'm quite confident about all three of them. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Obviously without any guidance I can sort of see that where you are alluding to will make our 
own sense of it. Just to follow up a bit, you mentioned that there's a large space in premium, 
but then if you map the price curve of mostly consumer categories, there's a prestige price 
point and premium. Oral care has not yet the prestige part of it. I'm sure there's a consumer 
ready for the best-in-class and nothing can be better in the world kind of pricing as well, but no 
brand has at least in oral care, has attempted that the prestige part of oral care. Do you think 
about developing that market as well or it's too early for India to sort of get into that zone? So, 
I was just very curious. 

Prabha Narasimhan: 
Amit, I must tell you that there is nothing about oral care that we don't think about. And so, I 
think from a perspective of, is there opportunity and if we were to put some numbers to where 
prestige which fit. So, in skin care obviously the numbers are extremely high, but if we were to 
say 400, 500 index even that would be considered as prestige in the toothpaste category. Yes, 
there is most certainly an opportunity in this country, and there is an opportunity that exists 
already, and I think that we are in a position to start looking at these kind of opportunities, but 
the large bulk of premiumization will continue to come from 50% to 100% premium kind of 
range rather than us stretching it all the way out to 400, 500 because that then becomes a very 
small audience. So, opportunity exists. I think the larger opportunity exists at the more 
traditional definition of premiumization. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from Jay Doshi from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
I have a request and a one question. The request is I heard your response earlier, but if you 
could introduce either volume growth or UVG in your quarterly disclosures, and the reason for 
this request is first of all, all other FMCG share that metric, even Colgate Global does share 
that metric. So, I feel that is an important metric for investors and analysts to evaluate the 
progress in terms of volume growth and the results of the efforts that you are making this year. 
So, that's a request. And secondly, even if you don't disclose, the problem is that there is a lot 
of noise in the media and wrong numbers get circulated within the community. So, it creates 
more confusion. So, that's my request. Now my question is on Colgate Total. I think you 
mentioned that the brand was much larger earlier and you're hoping that it restores back to the 
earlier level. So, could you elaborate a little bit on it in terms of what was the size of the brand 
or what was its salience in overall Colgate sales earlier, what is it right now and some 
additional color if you can provide? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
Thanks, Jay. Firstly, on your request, let me just take it back and we'll come back to you, but at 
the moment, we tend not to provide that and so I'm going to move on from there so as to not 
repeat myself. On Colgate Total, this brand has existed in the country for quite a while and 
about a decade ago it actually used to be a double-digit share player in modern trade, albeit in a 
smaller modern trade category and therefore had significant salience to premium consumers. 
And it will be our effort to take it back into that kind of space where at least in the channels of 
the future and in select general trade stores, it continues to start edging towards that kind of 
level. So, that would really be where our planning and our thinking is. And why we believe we 
can do that is for me to just… since you've given me the opportunity to talk about Total to just 
spend a little bit of time on the technology on Total, which is this combination of Dual Zinc 
Plus Arginine which actually delivers best-in-class 12-hour antibacterial protection and all of 
us know that actually bacteria is at the root of all oral health issues. And this particular product 
of ours has backed by 125 patents, which is more than I think any toothpaste in the world that 
any Company offers and therefore very confident about the technology that this toothpaste 
offers, the benefit that it offers to consumers, and why it is the flagship of our premiumization 
strategy. 
Jay Doshi: 
Where is Total today in terms of salience at the end of FY'24? 
M.S. Jacob: 
As Prabha mentioned we were double-digit in modern trade when we were big on Total a few 
years back. But since then, modern trade is low single digit. But eCom has been a big story and 

eCom is the fastest moving in terms of premiumization for us and their Total is a sizeable 
player already. 
Moderator: 
We'll read a text question from Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Can you please break up your sales 
growth for Q4 into volume, mix and price same for FY'24 full year? Also, given that pricing 
will anniversarise soon, how should we look at your sales growth over the next few quarters? 
M.S. Jacob: 
Prabha mentioned on the volume piece, we are not splitting volume and pricing and so we 
won't comment on that as of now. Going forward, you're right, as inflation moderates, pricing 
will be an important discussion, but we do expect the category growth, consumption growth 
activities that we have initiated along with positive macros in rural that we're seeing, rural 
grew faster than urban and we continue to see green shoots there. So, combination of that 
along with premiumization would be key for us to continue to deliver the current level of 
growth. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a video question from Mihir Shah. 
Mihir Shah: 
Prabha, my first question is on margins actually. Apart from pricing and better mix, you 
mentioned there is a continuous cost-saving initiative that is improving the margins both on 
gross and on EBITDA level. How much more juice do you think we have that we can take out 
from the cost side which can keep taking these margin profiles higher? I'm sure we are quite an 
efficient Company and I'm sure there is a lot of zero-base budgeting that you guys will do. But 
for us to understand where the gross margins can really stack at somewhere from 69%, 70% 
levels maybe in the next few years’ time, where can it really settle down only from the costing 
side? I understand the premiumization side, but from that side maybe you can help us 
understand. 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, I think firstly, I don't think it is our effort to massively expand margins as we go forward. 
Like I said, our focus is really on looking at our cost lines with a view to saying what is non-
value adding cost and can we suck that non-value adding cost out of the system. And yes, we 
are an exceedingly efficient Company. But there is always room for more efficiency. Things 
evolve, technologies evolve, markets evolve, thinking evolve, lots of India's capability evolves, 
many, many things move, which allow us every year to have new opportunities to suck out 
non-value adding cost. So, I think this ability to generate around 4-5% of net sales as gross 
saving is something that I think we can continue into the foreseeable future given that things 
will keep moving. The question of how much of that becomes a margin expansion and how 
much of that we use to funnel back into driving better quality products, better packaging, I 
think that's really the key question for us and our effort will be to make sure that we are 
judiciously using the sources of funds into uses that allow us to drive our top line up. So, if you 
are looking for a perspective on our margins going to continue to expand at the rate that they 
have between last year and this year, the answer is most definitely not. I think that is more a 
one-off expansion that you're seeing. Our effort will be to be in and around the ballpark of 
where we are currently. 
Mihir Shah: 
Second question, Prabha. I just want a clarification. You mentioned that 9.5% growth rate is a 
sustainable growth rate that we should assume on overall basis. Is that a correct understanding? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
I don't recall mentioning that. I do recall mentioning that I think there is tremendous growth 
opportunity in this category and that will be our focus, but I am certainly not giving a guidance 
on the numbers. 

Mihir Shah: 
I understand you're not breaking the price and the volume, but maybe you can give some sense 
on the mix that we are seeing, is there a mix improvement… I'm sure there is a mix 
improvement that is a part of this. Would it be in low single digit, can that inch up to higher 
single digits later on, or do you think this mix improvement of low single digits of couple of 
percentage points will continue here, just a clarification on that also please? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, I think the way we look at it is to have a growth rate target for our premium portfolio 
relative to our core portfolio and at this moment, our target would be to be at least 2.5X, 3X 
faster with our premium portfolio than our base portfolio and at this time we're exceeding that 
target. And really given the plans that we have line of sight for the rest of this year, we can see 
that continuing to be the case. So, whether it is Colgate Total or it is Visible White with its 
innovations and the work that has been done on communications or it is the push into 
therapeutics that is gaining momentum, we do see an opportunity for this 3X growth rate at 
least of the rest of the portfolio to continue and that will keep adding to mix and that's really 
what we're focused on rather than a measure of what percentage of the mix is it. 
Moderator: 
We'll take a last question from the line of Vishal Punmiya from YES SECURITIES. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal Punmiya: 
My only question is on rural markets. The first time that we had highlighted green shoots, so 
was in August last year. Now, this quarter, almost every Company is kind of calling out the 
improvement in rural markets. The question is, is it just because of base effect or is there any 
major improvement that you are seeing in consumption for your category? And with this 
improvement, with rural picking up, do we expect the premiumization-led growth to be 
slightly slower in FY'25 versus FY'24 while volume growth improves for you? 
Prabha Narasimhan: 
So, thank you. That's a great question, Vishal, for us to end this session with. So, what we are 
seeing in this quarter is rural is outpacing urban growth by close to 200 basis points, which is 
great news for us, because there is so much opportunity to grow this category. The reasons 
behind that and we are I guess in the same boat as everybody else as we give this reason saying 
that there are macroeconomic indicators that rural is coming back, lots of categories are 
coming back as are we. From a more internal perspective of what we have done, we have 
doubled down on our execution and communication in rural. So, we have gone deeper and 
wider with the communication that we have and obviously this supported by the increase in 
product quality and packaging quality of our flagship brand, which is the largest brand in rural 
which is Colgate Strong Teeth really does help our rural growth. So, that's kind of what is 
happening as far as the rural market is concerned and obviously all of the indicators, the macro 
indicators that we are hearing in terms of what the monsoon will be like, a general feeling of 
optimism in the rural markets suggests to us that this is something that is sustainable along 
with the stabilization of inflation that this is a sustainable growth at least for the foreseeable 
future. On your second piece on, “Will the rural growth preclude the premiumization growth?” 
I don't think so, because these are actually quite independent, and therefore in the way that we 
look at it, it is more an "and thought" than an "or thought" that where we had already a 
premiumization engine as we discussed that was working and driving towards greater growth 
being driven largely by better off consumers in urban India. The rural growth will now become 
an "and" on top of it. So, we will see a combination of A+B which should certainly help 
growth going forward. 

Moderator: 
I now have the conference back to Ms. Sujata Nairi for closing comments. Over to you. 
Sujata Nairi: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Thank you, Prabha and Jacob for your thoughts and insights and thank 
you everyone for joining us. We are very excited for the year coming by and looking forward 
to hosting all of you again. Thank you once again on behalf of the entire Colgate team and let's 
close the analyst call now. 
Moderator: 
We now conclude today's Colgate-Palmolive Analyst Conference Meet and we thank you all 
for your participation. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language 
that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking 
