Poly Medicure Limited 
Regd. Office: 232 B, 3rd Floor, Okhla Industrial Estate, 
Phase-Ill, New Delhi - 110 020 (INDIA) 
T:+91-ll-33550700,47317000 
E: info@polymedicure.com W: polymedicure.com 
CIN: L 40300DL l 995PLC066923 
Date: 24TH May, 2024 
Scrip Code: - 531768 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001. 
-., IPOLYMED 
Scrip Code: - POLYMED 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1-Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400051. 
Subject: Submission of Transcript for 04-FY24 Earning Conference Call under the SEBI 
(Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements), Regulation, 2015 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit Transcript of the investor Meet/Call held on 20TH May 
2024, on the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and Financial Year 
ended 31st March, 2024, on Standalone and Consolidated basis, which were considered and 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 17th May, 2024. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely 
For Poly Medicure Limited 
A vinash Chandra 
Company Secret 
Encl: As above 
Plants: Plot No. l 04-105 & 115-116, Sector-59, HSIIDC Industrial Area, Ballabgarh, Faridabad - 121004, Haryana (INDIA) 
Plot No. 33-34, Sector-68, IMT, Faridabad-121004, (Haryana) INDIA T: +91-129-4287000, 3355070, 
Q; Scanned with OKEN Scanner 
AVINASH 
CHANDR
A
Digitally signed 
by AVINASH 
CHANDRA 
Date: 2024.05.24 
15:27:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
                                                                                 
 
“Poly Medicure Limited 
Q4 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                    
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU BAID – MANAGING DIRECTOR – POLY 
MEDICURE LIMITED 
MR. NARESH VIJAYVARGIYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
MR. AVINASH CHANDRA – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
POLY MEDICURE LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABDULKADER PURANWALA – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Poly Medicure Q4 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, everyone. And on behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like 
to welcome you all on the Q4 FY '24 Earnings Call of Poly Medicure Limited. Today, on this 
call, we have the senior management of the company represented by Mr. Himanshu Baid, 
Managing Director; Mr. Naresh Vijayvergiya, CFO; and Mr. Avinash Chandra, Company 
Secretary. 
I would like to thank the management of Poly Medicure for giving us this opportunity to host 
this call. And with this, I will hand over the call to the management. Over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. Thank you, Mr. Puranwala and good afternoon to everybody who is on the call. First of 
all, I'd like to thank you for coming on a holiday to take our call and really grateful to you. 
And I would like to take you through the quarter 4 earnings and also through the key highlights 
of the financial year FY '23-'24 and also talk about what we are planning to do in the current 
financial year and going forward. 
So just a few highlights for quarter 4, so most important was the Renal business was back on-
track and grew over around 35%. And this was on back of the policy changes that happened 
from the Government side where all medical devices got regulated from 1st October 2023. 
And also in terms of standard, Government introduced a lot of more standards of medical 
devices. And because of that, it has become mandatory for companies importing into India to 
follow certain standards for medical devices. 
So, all that led to an increased demand for localized products because many companies were 
importing without regulations into India right now and that is kind of completely stopped. And 
also, we have seen that many companies which are importing from China and Chinese 
importers will have to follow the BIS standards and specifications to sell product in the 
country. 
And currently, of course, all our products meet those specifications and standards, and we 
already approved CDSCO long ago. We also have European certifications. So, this is a very 
positive move for us and that has led to this kind of a growth of around 35%, which was this 
sector was a laggard for us for first 3 quarters, but we have seen now a lot of improvement. 
And in the current year also, I'll talk about it a little later, but we also see a big change coming 
in. 
Exports continue to do well in the quarter 4, we have grown by around 25% again. And a good 
traction coming from Europe. And also it was a very important quarter for us because we 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
launched our cardio business, there was a soft launch and now it has started picking up. We 
have launched 3, 4 products already and we are in the process of launching a few more 
products in next quarter. So overall, the response has been quite good, quite satisfactory. 
Most of these products are import substitutes. So it's a true Make in India story where these 
kind of very important products are now being made in India and also conformed to the 
international standards. Also, we have received a positive response from the U.S. market for 
already U.S. FDA approved products because the products had gone for a trial as per the FDA 
approval -- clinical trial. We received good response. 
We've also received first order for some of our products and some new more products in 
pipeline, which will receive or will go live in like the next 3 to 4 months in the U.S. market. So 
overall, we are happy with the current progress in the U.S. market, and we continue to add 
more products in the basket, and I will speak later about it. 
All 4 new plants have gone live and now operational in FY '23-'24 so that has added quite a 
substantial capacity, manufacturing capability and capacity in the ecosystem. And in all 
product categories, we have expanded capacity whether it's vascular transfusion, renal as well 
as our diagnostic business. So all products, we have expanded capacity or also new products. 
We have invested in new capacity building when you talk of cardiology and critical care 
business which we launched last year. 
So there also, we see a good potential. And as we get more regulatory approval, we'll add up 
more capacity for these kinds of products. The company has also received more patents in the 
quarter. Now we have over totally 400 patents, and that's a big thing for Indian company to 
have so many patents in the medtech space. 
These patents are covering our product design, processes, and the product utility -- how 
product is used. So, all these are being covered in these patents across different geographies. 
And we continue to bring more devices and put more R&D resources to bring more devices.  
And currently, we have around 20 to 30 new products, which are in development phase in 
pipeline, which will be launched over the next 2 to 3 years. So, every year, we have target to 
launch 10 to 12 new products across different categories and commercialize them and take 
them to India as well as to global markets as and when we get our regulatory approvals. 
Coming to the financial highlights. The revenue, if you compare our financial year '23 to '24, 
the revenue has increased from INR293 crores to INR360 crores odd, a growth of 23%. 
EBITDA has also increased from INR90 crores to INR113 crores. PAT has also increased 
from INR57.5 crores to INR70.5 crores. 
Our operating EBITDA in the quarter 4 has also done well. We have done well there. And we 
have now reached the higher side of the guidance we have given. So the guidance was for 
between 25% and 27%. So operating EBITDA was close to around 27% quarter 4 of the last 
financial year. And if you compare from quarter 3 to quarter 4, also, we have grown by around 
11-odd percent. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
So overall, the growth has been as per the guidance we had given in our earlier call and to all 
our investors. And when we look at now the full year financial results and then in comparison 
from FY '23-FY '24, the stand-alone growth is around 22.5%, and the consolidated growth is 
around 23.36%. So again, the guidance was between 22% and 24%. So, we have -- in the 
guidance, what we had projected in the beginning of the year and that's very important that we 
have firm business plan, we have firm order book. 
So that helped us to get this accurate kind of a forecasting and guidance to all our stakeholders. 
Also, the total EBITDA also increased from INR300 crores to INR407 crores on a stand-alone 
basis, including operating EBITDA, which was close to around 26-plus percent for the stand-
alone revenue. 
Also, the PAT has increased from INR179 crores to INR251 crores. The company on a 
consolidated basis has done a revenue of INR1,375 crores including subsidiaries in Europe and 
also in China. And also EBITDA has increased by some INR303 crores to INR419 crores. 
Also, the PAT margins increased from INR179 crores to INR258 crores. So overall, the 
guidance for EBITDA for top line has met our expectations. And of course, last year was a 
milestone year for the company for a lot of things, which were new. 
We have commissioned 4 new plants, which has created a sufficient capacity and capability to 
meet our next 2, 3 years' demand which is coming from international as a local domestic 
market. All the plants are live now. And of course, it will take a few years to fully utilize the 
capacity. But every month, we see increase in more equipment being added or more capacity 
being added to the current one, and that will help us to grow our revenue and also improve our 
operating performance. 
Also, the company has been the largest exporter for medical devices for the last 12 years now, 
consumer medical devices last 12 years. So, it's congratulations to all our stakeholders and our 
team who has done exceedingly well and putting Poly Med products to over 125 countries in 
the last 1 year. 
We have also launched 2 new divisions, as I mentioned, Cardio and Critical Care, and most of 
the products in this category are import substitution. So, this is a big boost for Make in India 
and also that will -- once we are through with our regulatory approval, these products will be 
also launched in global markets in the next 1 to 2 years. Because currently, that's the kind of 
regulatory wait to get approvals for selling these products into developing countries. 
Export has grown over by 25%. And of course, the major contribution has been Europe. And 
as part of all the challenging environment you've seen in last 1 year, it is still -- and with all the 
supply chain interruptions, we were still able to maintain a significant growth in exports and 
our customers continue to have that great trust on us and they continue to order more products 
from us. And that's helping the company to grow year-over-year in this area. 
India business was around 1/3 of the total revenue. It has grown only by 18%, which is not as 
per expectations. But this year plans are to grow over 25% with a lot of new customer 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
additions and product basket increasing. And definitely, I'll take you through some more 
highlights of India business later. 
Capex, we have done last year of around INR250-plus crores. And because of that, those more 
4 new plants are operational with increased capacity in each segment. So -- and we'll continue 
to invest a similar significant amount in the current financial year also to augment more 
capacity in newer transformative businesses, which we are going to launch and which new 
areas we are focusing on right now. 
So, I'll talk about more about the current financial year. The guidance for the current financial 
year is to grow at the same pace as last year. So again, we are guiding for revenue increase of 
around 22% to 24% in the current financial year. And also as we see more operative leveraging 
or leverage coming our way, we are also guiding for a better EBITDA margin in the coming 
financial year, improving by around 100 to 150 bps. 
And this is what we see right now. Of course, the geopolitical situation continues to be very 
choppy. But I think with the kind of new product additions we have done, as we've ventured 
into more Critical Care products which have higher margin compared to our current 
conventional products, I think that will also help us to improve our margin. So that's how -- 
what we see on EBITDA. 
And on the revenue side, I think the product geographically export and domestic will still 
continue to be 1/3 and 2/3. We don't see much change happening there. There will be more 
focus on the transformative businesses like Cardiology, Oncology, Renal Care and Critical 
Care because these are basically transformative businesses where these are through non-
communicable diseases. These are not -- and these businesses continue -- these therapeutic 
areas continue to grow overall for the company. 
We see a number of cardiology patients; cancer patients and renal dialysis patients continue to 
increase in the country and then also the critical care infrastructure of the country is also 
getting augmented after COVID. A lot of focus has been there on the critical care side, where 
we had shortage of critical ICU beds. So in critical care sales also, we see a significant growth. 
The company has been focusing on a few of the areas earlier, but now maybe more focus and 
will be adding more products in this category of products in the next few years. 
Again, the focus will be to first start with 4 substitution products and then grow the capacity 
and capability to global scale to grow in international markets. We will invest a similar amount 
in current financial year also as planned and new technology business as we need more capex 
and also with new capacity coming up in all these businesses, we'll be able to also expand our 
reach to a lot of international markets, which are not present today with these kind of products, 
newer products. 
Globally, we have seen a shift in mindset of consumers and customers and our stakeholders 
where India has been now recognized as a base for medical products, where we see now new -- 
a lot of new investments coming -- key investments and private investment coming in this 
sector. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
And I think China Plus One strategy is paying some good dividends for -- even for Poly Med, 
as we've seen new customer additions. We've been asking -- our customers asking for new 
products, new development. So, I think we are in a great position as a company, as an 
organization where we can scale more in coming years to cater to increased demand in India as 
well as international markets. 
Of course, there is a high focus on sustainable manufacturing. Every year, we are trying to 
reduce our carbon footprint and a lot of effort is made in this direction to reduce wastages, to 
be more efficient and also to use more green energy in manufacturing. So we are moving in 
that direction. And a lot of work has been done on the sustainability side. 
We are also integrating a lot of AI and IoT to enhance efficiency in manufacturing and also 
bringing in more precision manufacturing to improve overall performance of our products. The 
company is also looking at opportunities -- inorganic opportunities in transformative new 
businesses to bridge the technology and development gap. 
Today, it takes almost 3 to 5 years to develop and commercialize a new device or a new 
product. From design to prototyping to clinical evaluation, testing, proto manufacturing setup 
to full-scale setup. And finally, getting regulatory clearances from all important markets, it 
takes 3 to 5 years. 
To fast track this, the company is looking at new fund raise of around INR800 crores, which 
was already approved by our Board of Directors in March 2024. And these funds will be 
basically utilized for rapid expansion of Cardio and Critical Care business and also setting up 3 
new facilities, which we have won for gamma sterilization and 2 others will we do augment 
capacity for domestic market, mainly we're focusing more on domestic. So we want to increase 
more capacity there. 
So, one plant is planned for Haridwar to be operational at the end of 2025 and one plant is 
scheduled for operations and also in Faridabad, one new plant. So we are also expanding 
capacity of our renal product because next 2, 3 years, we see now a big demand for renal 
products and we have now augmented because last year, we did not invest much in the renal 
product because we were not seen significance, but now the change scenario, I think we are 
seeing some bigger demand. 
And this year, definitely, we are guiding for almost 50% increase in renal business. And also, I 
think in coming years, we will see a similar growth coming from renal side of our business. 
This year -- last year, we sold close to around 200 machines, dialysis machines. This year, we 
plan to sell over 500 dialysis machines. Also, we are the first company to receive a BIS 
certification for the dialysis machine. 
So that means that we follow all the standards which are laid out by the government in India 
for dialysis machine and we are the first company to get this, and this will also help us to gain 
more market share in India. Initially, our target is to focus more in the Indian market as the 
market is for around close to 4,000 to 5,000 machines. Last year, I think almost 4,000 
machines were sold in India. So we continue to focus on India and take more market share. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
And once we mature this market, then definitely will go out in international markets to sell this 
machine. 
Of course, we need to set up our intra service centres and also spare part inventory in 
international markets, and that's the process maybe we'll start in next maybe 1 or 2 years. 
That's the plan for that business. A lot of opportunity coming our way, and I think it helps 
because health care is growing at a very fast pace in the country. And medtech is one of the 
pillars of the health care ecosystem. 
I think with health care expanding and more health care going to Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, I 
think we'll see a similar expansion in the medtech industry and already almost 2,500 more 
people have got now manufacturing license from CDSCO to make products in India as 
everything is getting regulated in the country. 
So medtech ecosystem is getting better in the country. We also see improvement in supply 
chain. And also, we want to also reduce import dependence of raw materials, so we continue to 
put more efforts in the indigenization of certain raw materials. 
So that will also help us to rationalize our value chain and also have a lower impact on cost 
once -- because of the current disruption we see in the global supply chain situation. Our U.S. 
business, of course, I've spoken about it a little bit. So we continue to guide for $15 million of 
revenue over the next 3 years or so, received 4 new FDA approvals, 5, 6 more products will be 
applied shortly or are in pipeline. 
So -- and the first order has been received for 2 products, and we are already building the 
capability and capacity for expanded growth in the U.S. market in the next coming years. So 
that's all I need to say about the U.S. business. Our domestic business, we are adding almost 
around 70 to 80 more people, all the expanded team by 20% this year. 
We're trying to increase more coverage as more products are coming in. And we are very 
confident of now achieving a better growth in domestic business from last year's 18% to 
around close to 25% this year. And we are making all the suitable corrections and changes to 
ensure that we have this growth -- similar growth as we have an export in the domestic 
business also. 
Export business continues to be -- has a good momentum. We're planning at 22% to 25% 
overall growth in exports. Europe continues to be a great driver for us right now. We are 
adding more products. We're adding new customers in Europe and that market continues to 
outperform for us in the last year also. And also this year, we expect the same. We also see 
some new product additions and with regulatory more new products getting regulatory 
clearance in European market in the next coming few quarters, we'll also see some better 
margin improvement in some key markets. 
On the financial side, of course, we have -- we continue to improve our ROCE from 17.5% to 
almost close to 20.9% and that was one of the key areas for improvement in the last financial 
year. We still continue to have some cash on the balance sheet close to around INR150 crores 
net cash. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Of course, that keeps us healthy -- in a healthy position to take care of our immediate 
requirements for capex or for -- to care or augment our working capital capabilities, so -- and 
because of the current pressure in supply chain, we are also maintaining reasonable inventories 
for raw materials, but we still have almost 200 vendors outside India where we import critical 
raw materials or some critical components from there. 
So we are trying to manage that through the cash available in the company. Government of 
India has taken some great initiatives in the last 2, 3 years. As you're all aware PLI, RLI, 
medtech part, regulatory landscape being completely changed, new medical device policy. A 
lot of -- I think bold changes were made in the last 2 to 3 years looking at from where we 
started during the COVID time and where we are today. 
And now some more changes are expected. Government is going to overdrive right now to 
further reduce India's dependence on imports, it is currently around 65% to 70% and bring it 
down to around 50% in the next 4, 5 years. So a lot of work is being done in that direction in 
terms of value chain analysis, to bring in more manufacturing in the country and to make India 
more competitive. 
So there have been a lot of interactions in the past few months with government agencies and 
some industry body forums and we will see some positive outcomes in coming months. A new 
PRIP scheme was launched for R&D, for medtech and pharma. So that's another big change 
which has come in and more focus has now been on value addition in India. And we'll also see 
some changes in PPO orders where purchase system is given to locally made products. So 
you'll see some more value addition being kind of rewarded as we move ahead on the value 
chain. 
In terms of international business, I think Italian subsidiary has done well, has grown by over 
40% in the past year. So from let's say, we have done almost from a negative margin a few 
years ago to almost 16%, 17% EBITDA last year. So the company continues to now be self-
sufficient and in terms of its own cash requirements and is again poised to go by another 30% 
to 35% this year. 
And we expect that revenue should double again in next 3 years from last year to next year, the 
revenue would double in this company. And this company specializes on precision drug 
delivery for Oncology and Critical Care. So -- and I think for us, it's a very important business 
area where we are focusing on trying to expand more products in the same field whether in 
India or also adding more manufacturing in the Italian plant. 
China and Egypt continue to stay healthy and profitable. In spite of high currency depreciation 
needed, Egypt continues to make decent profit. It's part of a current geopolitical situation in the 
region, we still are doing well. And I think, again, compliments to the local team who has 
really done well in this adverse conditions. We're constantly watching the current geopolitical 
situation in global markets. 
Of course, I think we can't predict anything, but we are trying to mitigate all the risks in supply 
chain and in manufacturing to ensure that we continue to grow at a steady pace and continue to 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
make decent margins as we've been making in advance. That's all from my side as an update 
and now back to ICICI team to moderate the call and looking forward to talk to all of you. 
Thank You. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. So just on capex, again, you mentioned that the 
investment for the capex would be around the similar levels of FY '24 that is roughly around 
INR250 crores this year. So generally, this INR800 crores, we will be spending phase wise 
right every year? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So basically, the INR800 crores we are planning to raise because we have done our first capex 
cycle of the last 3 years through the first initial QIP, I think the company has kind of grown 
almost 2x in the last 3 years. And we are in that same trajectory of growth. And with whatever 
we are seeing with the new businesses which we are developing today, so there's a lot of 
technology investment, which has to come in. 
And we have to fast track that investment so that we are ready to bring the products much 
faster in the market. Otherwise, if we go through our normal capex cycle, then the 
manufacturing and the new technology integration will get further delay. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sir you said that you will be investing in Haridwar plant and in Faridabad, so these will be 
completely new facilities, right? And one more you said which I missed it. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Completely new facility, they are build greenfield facilities in these days. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So one you said Haridwar, second is at Faridabad and the third one I missed it. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Say again, please? 
Rashmi Shetty: 
I missed the third one. So Haridwar, you said Faridabad you said and then 1 more plant, right? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. So we have 1 more plant to be planned in Jaipur. Sorry, I missed on the call by mistake. 
And there'll be one more plant coming near SEZ in Mahindra, it's a BTS plant, which will be, 
again, augmented capacity for Indian business in coming years. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And related to our export business, if you can give understanding about the infusion therapies 
because they are a major contributor to your overall business. How is that performing in 
exports, as well as in the domestic market? And from here-on, what kind of guidance you build 
like what we explained related to renal profile? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, I think renal business will grow faster because of the current tailwinds we have for the 
business. And see, again, our vascular business, infusion business are bread and butter 
business, and we have a good global leadership in this category. So this will -- and as we are 
adding more and more products in the same category. 
So we will continue to grow in this business also in India as well as in international markets. 
So this business has its own tailwinds in terms of new development and new capacities we are 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
building. And again, there are new markets we're addressing today, U.S. is one of them and so 
on and so forth. India, we still have penetrated only maybe 10% to 12%. So we need to 
penetrate India more deeper. So I think all that capacity expansion, which has happened in the 
last couple of years, will help us to address that demand which is going to come through 
expanded market. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So like for the annual basis for export market, we are expecting 20% plus growth, right? in FY 
'25. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, that is correct. Export, again, we are seeing 22% to 25% growth, that is the guidance we 
are giving for this year. And knowing that everything remains what it is today, we think we'll 
surely be able to do it, but we don't know the global situation. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And last question is related to the renal segment. Then you said that it is a 35% growth sir. 
That means that we have clocked around INR100 crores in FY '25 is my understanding correct 
in terms of this? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So that is last quarter growth. Basically, first 3 quarters were muted, as you know, we were 
around 20%, 22% growth. Only in the last quarter, when we saw the impact of the new 
regulatory regime in India were first October, everything got regulated plus BIS bringing in 
standards. 
So that is where things -- and of course, there were some stocks, which is available in the 
market, but I think quarter 4 was something which we saw a big change and also, there's a 
good demand which is coming after the changes which have happened in the regulatory track 
business. So we are pretty certain that this year and the traction we are seeing right now the 
last quarter and in last few months, I think we are very sure to see it growing around 55%. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And sir, on this renal profile, can you update or do you have any info that your competitor 
Nipro has also started selling the indigenous machines in the India market? 
Himanshu Baid: 
No, I'm not aware of this. They currently import the machine from Japan. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes, yes. but they were also one of the approval in the PLI scheme, so that.. 
Himanshu Baid: 
PLI, they are making more dialyzers than the machine. So they are making the consumables, 
not the machines in India. But anyway, there could be more competition doesn't matter. India 
needs 4,000, 5,000 machines a year, and Poly Med is only making 500 this year. So there's still 
room for more players to come in, to make locally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Mulchandani from Kriis PMS. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
First of all, congratulations for a great year. And I wanted to just understand that the U.S. 
business, like you said, good to hear the traction which is happening. This is as per your initial 
assessment that the initial couple of years would be slower and then we would get the larger 
chunk of orders which you are expecting? 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, exactly. Because from day 1, we'll not get that market share. So first, the products are 
going to few hospitals, and we receive feedback, and based on that feedback, if there any 
improvements should be done, we'll make some improvement changes. So before the FDA 
approval, we can't even send any single piece to the U.S. market. So that is now the product is 
in commercial usage. 
And as we see more and more usage happening, we will see that traction building up. So, yes 
initial start will be slow, but then it will build up very quickly. And also, we are expecting 
more US FDA approval and the next 5 products also in pipeline right now. So it's a buildup of 
the whole business. And I mean we are confident that in the next 2 to 3 years, we will see that 
guidance what we've given earlier. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Perfect. And what could be the impact of the recent fee transaction on us? Could it mean more 
competition for us because whenever we... 
Himanshu Baid: 
Poly Med has a lot of integral strength because of its patents. And we seriously protect our 
turf, and we have been protecting for the last 25 years being in the listed space. So transactions 
were happening earlier also, will happen now also. But I think most important thing is we 
continue to build that momentum. And there are very few companies who have momentum in 
the medtech industry in India. 
So even the transactions are happening, the growth rate is only 10%, 12%. So here Poly Med 
has been growing the last 3 years if you see track record average CAGR is around 20% to 
22%. And we are again guiding for 22% to 24%, again. So we have that momentum. We have 
the product basket. We have the technology and also, we have the, I would say, markets 
available where we are putting these products. So that competition is most welcome, but we 
don't see much competition what we are doing today. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Sir, on the cardiac and critical care markets where you are focusing in India. Would you have a 
number as to how large these markets are? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See the markets I just give you a number of angiographies done in India, almost 20 lakh 
angiographies are done in India today and most of the products used there are imported. So for 
us, the market that is the big size of the pie. And that is what we are targeting today that what 
are the catheters which are needed for angiography, balloon caterers or diagnostic catheters or 
guidewire or anything related to interventional cardiology. That is where we are focusing on 
right now. 
So our major focus will be on these kind of products. And then we will probably get into more, 
let's say, complex products going forward with radio sheets or something with a femoral sheet 
or something else. So that is what we are trying to build in as a business. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And you have these products ready, the catheters, that guidewire. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Himanshu Baid: 
We are already in the market. We launched, soft launch, as I explained to you earlier. We have 
done our soft launch already. And now we are augmenting the capacity. Because you can't 
build capacity on day 1. So gradually, we are building, assessing the market size, demand and 
seeing what -- how we have to move on. And I think initial response has been fantastic. And I 
think we are accelerating our production capabilities and capacities to grow faster in this 
segment. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Got it. So secondly, in the U.S. recently, we heard they have raised import duties on certain 
medical devices that they import from China. Any positive impact Poly Medicure could have 
because of the import duty? 
Himanshu Baid: 
See, the first important thing is no business should be based on momentarily trade practices. 
By the time we, let's say, scale up capacity and tomorrow, somebody else comes in and say, 
okay, there's no more duty anymore. Will it be competitive now. So I think Poly Med is an 
organization built on is inherent strength. The sense is of our own products. We don't compete 
with Chinese. 
So here, we are trying to build products and today we have more than 400 patents. So that 
helps us to be ahead of the curve in the segment. So we are focused on our segment. There are 
a few products like gloves or syringes where they put some duties. These are very basic 
products. And I think where there's very limited technology available to, let's say, put some 
differentiators. 
So we will not get into such kind of products, which are very low EBITDA margins or very 
low margins to manufacture. So we are very clear that we continue to get into more high 
technology business, which is more technical and where we'll see more innovation coming in 
coming years. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Got it. And then finally, on the fund raise INR800 crores. So would -- does that include -- so 
you also intend to do a INR250 crores capex this year. So is this INR250 crore capex part of 
that INR800 crore fund raise objective. 
Himanshu Baid: 
We oppose companies generating sufficient cash also to the fund. But I think mainly for 
accelerated, see when we -- when we raised INR400 crores in 2021, we were able to deploy 
that into accelerated capex and start for new plant. Now to start every plant, take 2 to 3 years, 
new plant. So it's a cycle. 
So we have done that first cycle of setting up 4 plants. And of course, now we'll be augmenting 
capacities on all these new 4 plants with more complex technologies coming in, standing in 
cardiology and critical care will be spending because cardiology needs lot of R&D, a lot of 
new development, a lot of heavy-duty equipment. So -- that is why we are investing. 
Plus, where we are augmenting capacity in renal space where we'll be probably tripling our 
capacity to look into because once you build capacity it takes a few years, it's not that there's a 
ready machine available and you can do it. These are all specially designed equipment, which 
are made based on your custom specifications. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So it takes time to build that -- ramp up that capacity. So we are adding capex there. We are 
also building 3 new plants. We are also looking at inorganic opportunities, as I mentioned 
earlier. Today, to make a new product will take 3 to 5 years from zero to finished product and 
get our regulatory approval. So can we look at companies which have similar line of products, 
and it can complement our existing product range. So that's also where we are looking very 
aggressively. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Got it, sir. And sir, just one final one. Within India, if you could share some sense on the zonal 
mix that we would have, so North -- contribution of North, Southeast and West broadly. 
Himanshu Baid: 
We don't do that. So I'll refrain from doing it because that is not -- we don't give it our public 
information. And because that will be sensitive to our business, so I would not like to give that 
information. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dalal & Broacha. 
Harsh Shah: 
Couple of questions from my side. Sir, firstly, on Europe, I mean, the growth that you are 
seeing. So what is the major driver for growth in Europe? Is it a case where we are gaining 
market share or the market itself is growing at such a pace that we are seeing such number. 
Himanshu Baid: 
So definitely, the answer is second, that the market is not growing, but we are gaining market 
share, but the market is very huge. And we started with a few products and once there's a good 
acceptance with few products in hospitals, then you have a chance to add more, and Poly Med 
has a very large basket of products. 
If you've seen we operates around 12 different segments, you've seen in the corporate 
presentation. So now once you are in this 1 segment and the customer would like to buy other 
products from other segments also. So that is the expansion we are seeing in the business. So -- 
and all our products qualified with the European regulatory requirement. 
So we are seeing the traction happening in Europe and primarily in Western European markets. 
So our core business is in Western Europe, let's say, U.K., France, Italy, Germany, Spain, 
Sweden. These are our core markets. So that is where 80% to 85% of revenue comes from. 
Harsh Shah: 
And secondly, on China. So you did mention earlier in your comments that even some sort of 
China Plus One theme is kind of playing out in our advantage. So how big is China's kind of 
role in the overall medtech space? I mean, if you could give some sense. 
Himanshu Baid: 
To my knowledge, Chinese companies would be exporting close to $75 billion to $100 billion 
of medical products. These are different from a needle to an MRI machine and the number 
could be even bigger. A lot of U.S. companies are based in China, they have their own 
subsidiaries, and they cater to their own parent companies. 
So the market potential is huge out of China, which could go out of India. And what I've heard 
in different corridors and people talking about is that they want to move like 30% business out 
of China in next 2 to 3 years. And that is where I see a big opportunity for Indian companies. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
It's India's infrastructure, India's supply chain can cater that whole manufacturing ecosystem, I 
think India is in a great place to take that market share. 
Harsh Shah: 
Got it. And thirdly, on -- I think I missed the number. What's the contribution of the renal 
segment in the overall top line for FY '24? 
Himanshu Baid: 
It was close to INR90 crores. 
Harsh Shah: 
And last question from my side. So out of the QIP of INR800 crores, right? You did mention 
that... 
Himanshu Baid: 
I didn't mention QIP, we said fund raise. We have not finalized how we'll be doing it. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes, fund raise out of INR800 crores. Sir, any ballpark kind of figure or the size of acquisition 
you have in mind, or you would take as it comes? 
Himanshu Baid: 
We are keeping that open. We are building up. This is the right time to build a watches. And 
why I'm telling you that is -- there are a few things which are happening globally today with 
interest base staying the way they are today in the Western world; we are seeing a lot of 
smaller companies which have technology are not able to scale up. And we have done one 
acquisition in 2019. 
We have scaled it up. We have seen that with India's leverage as Poly Med's leverage in India, 
we are able to turn around this company. And now we are looking at bigger bets, we think that 
around the areas of transformative businesses which I've talked about that is renal, cardio or 
onco or critical care, there are a lot of opportunities which are going to come our way in next 
maybe a few months. 
And we would like to look at those products and categories and see what we can expand 
quickly instead of build versus buy, like, okay, can we buy the business rather than building 
and building is going to take 3 to 5 years. So if there is something available, can we scale up? 
And that is the opportunity we are looking at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tanmay Gandhi from Investec. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Sir, on the domestic market, right? You had mentioned that this year, sales were slightly lower 
than your expectation. In the October month, we have been seeing you have addition BIS 
certification, right? So have you not started seeing its impact on other categories? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes. So definitely, we have seen that imports will -- see, there's a very clear guideline within 
the Government that they have to reduce imports and that is kind of hampering with Make in 
India today in the country. And even the PPI orders are not working because the local content, 
it was not clearly defined. People are using even servicing as a local content in the equipment, 
for example. 
So a lot of things are changing from the Government side. And I think -- and also, internally, 
we have to restructure, we are trying to bring in more talent and you add more people on the 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
ground. We didn't add enough people last year actually. Our people addition was maybe less 
than around 30 to 40 in a team size of 360. So that was not enough to grow the local business. 
So this year, we are adding 70 to 80 people, more focus there. We are also making changes in 
the leadership team. I think that will also help us to go deeper in relationship building with key 
customers across the country. So some changes and plus renal will grow at a very fast pace 
now at around 50%. So overall, that will pull up the other businesses also. So that way, we are 
confident that this 25% growth rate that we want to do in domestic business should happen 
now. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
And just secondly, our cost for this during the quarter has gone up, right? And the margins 
have also declined sequentially as well on a year-on-year basis. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Margins -- they don't decline, I think. Margins have improved. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
I think for this quarter, you have done 25.5%. Was it... 
Himanshu Baid: 
So quarter 4, we have done close to around 26-plus percent EBITDA, operating EBITDA 
margin. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
And sir, lastly, on the working capital, we have seen some improvement during the year. What 
could be a sustainable number going forward? 
Himanshu Baid: 
No. I think working capital, of course, there are challenges in the global supply chain. So we 
continue to invest more in the inventory side so that we are sufficiently covered because we 
have almost 200-plus vendors outside India. 
So I think that part is more or less covered, but I think it's the payment cycle, which is a little 
bit worrisome right now, which we are tracking very -- because globally, again, there is some 
constraints in payment getting from certain countries. But hopefully, we'll continue to work 
maybe in let's say another 5% to 7% improvement in the coming year. That's the plan. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Shah from Quasar Capital. 
Ankur Shah: 
Sir, just one qualitative question. Like Poly Med, the way it is the trajectory it is going on. I 
just wanted to ask, considering the competitiveness of the industry and the size of the -- size 
and nature of the competition. What according to you like where according to you we would 
be in the quality curve in providing these medtech instruments? 
Like just a general question. Because, let's say, in medical, price is not only driver -- the 
government wants, like you mentioned, government wants as low imported goods as much as 
possible. But if suppose you are not able to match the quality standards then it won't be Yes. 
So where are we over there vis-a-vis the top competitors, which are there in the industry? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So today, we compete with top competitors. As I mentioned earlier, almost 1/3 of our revenue 
comes from Europe and from highly regulated markets. So that is a testimony of Poly Med's 
products being used in top European hospitals across the whole continent. Also, we have got 
US FDA approvals. 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
So, our products, again, qualified for some of our products already see that approval, all our 
plants are designed like that, all the new technology which we have today is based on high-
quality performance. So, we today -- and 2/3 revenues export and nobody is going to buy a 
product even if I give free of charge and the quality is very poor, nobody is going to buy it, as 
you already mentioned. 
So quality is a key parameter, a key benchmark for the success of a company in our industry 
because every product is engineered product. It's not a capsule that you're filling -- today, 
you're not weighing the capsule whether it is 0.3 milligram or 0.32 milligrams inside -- the 
material inside a capsule, but medtech, every device has to perform, and it is used by a nurse or 
a doctor. So here, the quality is more and more critical than even in the pharma industry. So we 
are a benchmark as a company and our exports are a testament to highly regulated market is a 
testimony for that. 
Ankur Shah: 
Sir, interesting, can you share in the European business, what is our business model? Is it 
directly approaching the customers via our own sales staff? Or is it via distributors? 
Himanshu Baid: 
No, we do through distributors, mainly through distributors because we don't have enough 
people on the ground. We have only people in Italy on the ground, and we have people, some 
sales managers who are managing the business. The residences sales managers across the 
continent. So for us, it is more to distribution, so our model is to train the sales force of the 
distributors and then the sales force will go in hospitals and promote the product. 
Ankur Shah: 
Sir, and the last question is on the cash flow allocation. Like I just saw we are clocking 
upwards of INR250 crore operating cash flow and considering the capex needs, I was just 
wondering, is the Q -- sorry, not QIP, but is the fund raise opportunistically timed or because I 
don't see any as such cash needs considering the capex programs? 
Himanshu Baid: 
So we would like to go for an accelerated capex program, which we did earlier, and we are 
setting up 3 new plants and even in the current plant where we have set up capacity, each plant 
will still consume more capex in the next 1 or 2 years, where we augment capacity of the new 
businesses which we have developed in the last couple of years. 
So the capex cycle will be far higher than even if you see last year's cash flow of FY '23-'24, 
the capex was much higher than the cash flow generated by the company. And then there was 
a requirement of working capital or whatever long-term debt we have paid them out. So, I 
think the important part is to -- and part of that funding -- a majority part of our funding will 
also be deployed for acquisitions -- technology acquisitions. 
Ankur Shah: 
Sir, just coming to the capex. 
Himanshu Baid: 
Fund raise is not for capex, only for entirely for capex. Majority of the fund raise will be used 
for inorganic expansion. 
Ankur Shah: 
So like do we have an inorganic acquisition pipeline in your mind? Like do we have these 
companies in our mind considering... 

 
 
 Poly Medicure Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Himanshu Baid: 
I will, but of course, I'll not disclose. 
Ankur Shah: 
And sir, on the capex part, the thing that you mentioned, is the capex more augmented towards 
the existing products and expanding these products and the distribution so that we are 
manufacturing those same products more? Or is it towards new areas like cardiac which you 
mentioned? 
Himanshu Baid: 
I think if you have heard on the call, we are going to focus more on transformative businesses, 
which is cardio, onco and critical care and renal. 
Ankur Shah: 
So these are completely new businesses? 
Himanshu Baid: 
Yes, renal is existing business. The other 3 are completely new transformative businesses. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Himanshu Baid: 
I would like to thank everyone present today despite holiday; everybody has been very 
participative. Thank you all. And I think great questions from all of you. And again, I would 
assure all our stakeholders that the company is on a great trajectory in terms of growth. And 
with a lot of new transformative businesses, which we are doing today. 
We are one of the most unique companies in India in the medtech space. And we continue to 
outperform all our competitors and peer group in the segment where we are operating today. 
And with whatever innovation we have done, I think there's a great global recognition for the 
company amongst all the stakeholders and peer group. 
And next, I think a few years are very, very exciting for the company where we are on a high 
growth capex cycle and in terms of growth numbers, we are very confident of achieving the 
guidance we have given to all our stakeholders. And we will take all the suggestion, 
recommendations what we have received from you and definitely look forward to speaking to 
you again very soon. And thank you once again for your kind participation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
