 
 
  
 
 
 
 
www.stl.tech 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
May 14, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q4FY24  
Ref.:   Scrip ID - STLTECH/ Scrip Code - 532374 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance of our letters dated April 23, 2024 and May 08, 2024 respectively, please find enclosed transcript of 
earnings call held on May 08, 2024 in respect of Company’s Q4 FY24 financial results. 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL RESULTS- 
INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at https://www.stl.tech/downloads.html#qiect 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
 
Amit Deshpande 
General Counsel & Company Secretary (ACS 17551) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
AMIT VILAS 
DESHPAND
E
Digitally signed by 
AMIT VILAS 
DESHPANDE 
Date: 2024.05.14 
15:40:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Sterlite Technologies Limited Q4 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
May 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANKIT AGARWAL – MD, STL 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CFO, STL  
MR. CHETAN WANI – HEAD IR, STL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 2 of 17 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the STL's Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. I am Chetan Wani, Head, Investor Relations at STL. 
 
 
We are joined by Ankit Agarwal, Managing Director, STL and Tushar Shroff, Group 
CFO, STL to walk us through the Q4 and full year FY 24 results and to take your 
questions.  
 
 
 
Please note that all participant lines are in the listen only mode as of now, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of the presentation. You can also 
download a copy of the presentation from our website that is www.stl.tech. Please note 
that this call is being recorded.  
 
 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to add that some elements of today's 
presentation may be forward looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks 
pertaining to the business. The Safe Harbor clauses indicated in the presentation also 
applies to this conference call.  
 
  
 
I now hand over the call to Ankit Agarwal for opening remarks over to you Ankit. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you Chetan. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q4 and full 
year FY24 earnings conference call. 
 
 
As we reflect on the financial year 2024, we have made significant progress on all of 
our outlined strategic priorities. Starting from the optical business, we have made 
significant progress on the strategic goal of increasing our optical connectivity business 
by securing our first large orders in North America region. We undertook various fixed 
and variable cost optimization initiatives. And we optimized our cost structure to 
become more efficient so that we can deliver better returns from future operations. In 
the Global Services business, we improved our EBITDA margins year on year from 
3.1% to 7.6%. We are also very happy to share that our digital services business,we have 
scaled the business and more than quadrupled our revenues year on year. During the 
FY24 we also completed our capex cycle with the operationalization of our US facility 
and we are now fully set up to fulfill demands of US made optic fiber cable products.  
 
 
We were evaluating options for fundraise and we worked extensively on this priority 
during FY24. I'm happy to share that we have successfully completed Rs.1,000 crores 
QIP fundraise in April 24 by onboarding marquee institutional investors who will 
partner with us on the exciting journey ahead.  
 
 

Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Last but not the least we continue our efforts on cash and generation and net debt 
reduction. In FY24 we divested our holdings in MB Manshaan for Euro 5.95 million. I 
am glad to share that our cash generation from the business helped us reduce our net 
debt by Rs.334 crores during FY24. Our cash generation and debt reduction focus aided 
by the QIP fundraise will enable significant debt reduction and balance sheet 
strengthening and propel us to achieve our strategic objectives with renewed zeal.  
 
 
Let us now look at our strategic priorities for FY25. As we enter FY25 our strategic 
direction remains the same. On optical networking business, we shall continue to grow 
the optical business by increasing OFC market share and connectivity attach rate. We 
shall continue our efforts to drive our cost leadership in the optical business. On the 
Global Services business, we shall continue to build new capabilities and value added 
services. We will stay focused on improving project mix to improve profitability and we 
will work towards successful demerger of our services business. Lastly, on STL digital 
business we shall continue to scale business through focused investments in building 
new technologies capabilities and focus on profitable growth.  
 
 
Sterlite endeavors to be a responsible leader and ensuring a connected and inclusive 
world. This focus reflects in the way we have designed and implemented our ESG 
agenda. We have diverted 245,000+ metric tons waste away from landfills during FY19 
to FY24. We have also reduced emissions of 30,000 tons of carbon dioxide equivalent 
through various initiatives in the plants during FY21 to FY24. We have recycled 830,000 
cubic meters of water during FY19 to FY24.  I am proud to share that we are the world's 
first optical manufacturer to launch externally verified eco label methodology. We 
remain committed to become carbon neutral company by 2030. 
 
 
Through our various initiatives in education, women empowerment over 900,000 lives 
have been positively impacted during FY24. We have also positively impacted 2.7 
million plus lives through our various initiatives in the health care during FY19 to FY24. 
We are proud to share that we have won over 100+ ESG awards for our work during 
FY19 to FY24.  
 
 
In the next few slides, let's talk about optical networking business and our efforts towards 
becoming the top three players globally in the optical connectivity business. Before we 
look at the demand outlook, let us first reflect on FY24. As per the CRU latest estimates, 
OFC consumption for 2023 declined by 7.1% globally. This was led by 12% decline in 
North American markets for the calendar year. Inventory at multiple layers played a 
major role during this time and the sub optimal factory utilization was a trend across the 
industry. It is important to note that we observed continued fiber deployment resulting 
in healthy inventory digestion during FY24. Analyst report suggests demand 
improvement Calendar Year 2024 onwards and robust demand scenario from a medium 

Page 4 of 17 
 
to long term. As we look at the future projections from CRU, the medium term demand 
for optical fiber cable volumes is expected to go up to 617 million fiber kilometers by 
2026 and 666 million fiber kilometers by 2028, up from 536 million kilometers in 
CY2023, this is a healthy 4.4% annual growth rate from 2023 to 2028 and approximately 
8% annual growth excluding China. The positive demand outlook by CRU along with 
the continued client commitments and increasing fiber deployment and STL’s order 
book surge in Q4 FY24 is indicative of the recovery in the coming quarters.  
 
 
Let us also look at the major technology trends such as AI and its impact on the fiber 
demand. As we all know AI  is reshaping the technology landscape and influencing 
every technology theme that is unfolding such as cloud computing, AR, VR, IoT, online 
video game streaming, online gaming etc. The consumption of these technologies and 
their overall market size is expected to continue at a healthy pace for the foreseeable 
future. Moreover, we have 1/3 of our global population which still remains offline and 
yet to be connected. AI and machine learning are gradually taking center stage and are 
swiftly blending in with all these technology trends. AI’srole in reshaping the new digital 
society is undebaated. No wonder various industry reports suggesting 2/3rd of network 
traffic shall involve AI by 2030, for this high growth of AI and technology users who 
sustain and succeed the technology backbone shall need massive data center capacities 
with fiber rich interconnections that smoothly manage the data explosion. It is estimated 
that the fiber demand and AI data centers maybe 5x to 8x higher than normal data 
centers. To access these AI data centers and applications at the front end users shall need 
reliable connectivity through FTTx or 5G or future generation like 6G but fiber again 
shall be at the core of the connectivity. As we digest this further our belief get stronger 
every day that denser fiber networks will be necessity for the success of the futuristic AI 
led digital society. Apart from AI, there are of course three other key themes that are 
playing out globally on the optical connectivity product demand mainly the global 
investment in 5G network creation, FTTH deployments and new age data center 
buildouts. These demand drivers are expected to bring significant growth investments 
in the foreseeable future. 5G is one of the fastest growing technologies in the world and 
tower fiberization is at the core of 5G. 5G subscribers are to grow at a very fast pace in 
the next few years and as we can see 5G subscribers in all key regions such as North 
America, Western Europe and India are expected to clock a CAGR of more than 30% 
for the next five years, with high tower fiberization required for 5G. Clearly 5G global 
expansion should continue to drive demand for more optical fiber. Apart from 5G, FTTx 
connectivity, demand for homes and businesses globally remain strong. In the US alone, 
approximately 100 million homes await FTTH connections. Fiber Broadband 
Association predicts 12 million homes to be passed in US just in 2024. Europe FTTH 
passes are expected to grow at 4% at least for the next five years and India is expected 
to lead the global growth and fiber installation with 26% CAGRbetween 2023 and 2028.  
 
 

Page 5 of 17 
 
 
Data Center is another driver of optical products demand data center capacity in North 
America expected to grow at the 10% CAGR during 2024 to 2029 and in Europe 
expected to grow at approximately 9% CAGR for the next four years. Similarly, India 
data center capacity is expected to grow even faster with a CAGR of 26% over the next 
five years. In addition to the demand coming from these technology divisions, 
departments, the mega government projects such as BEAD in the US, BharatNet in 
India, and other such programs in Europe and UK can substantially add to the overall 
global demand of optical connectivity products. The application of anti-dumping duty 
on Chinese products in India, Europe is expected to balance out the optical connectivity 
product supply and help non Chinese players such as STL further standing up our global 
positioning.  
 
 
If we just zoom into the North America region, CRU is projecting the region optical 
cable demand to grow at a fast pace of 13% CAGR till 2028. More than 9 million homes 
were passed in 2023 alone. And as we just said another 9-12 million homes pass 
additional expected just in 2024. Various telecom internet providers in North America 
have an aggressive ambitions on FTTH home pass targets for the next 2-3 years and 
announced these targets publicly. For instance, in the very near term, AT&T intends to 
add 19 million new home passes, Lumen plans to add 9.2 million home passes, and 
Frontier has announced plans for another 5 million new home passes. The government 
spending through BEAD and other programs should only add to this fiber deployment 
plan by the private sector. It is estimated that in North America nearly as much fiber will 
be deployed to the next five years as it has been deployed through its history. So very 
strong demand in North America in the coming years.  
 
 
As we now reflect on our market share  optical connectivity attach rates, basis CRU 
global consumption data during FY24 we had 8% market share and global cable demand 
excluding China. FY24 was clearly a year of challenging demand environment where 
inventory digestion impacted fresh procurements and we believe that the market share 
shall normalize as a fresh demand suddenly picks up. Our optical connectivity attach 
rates have increased to 13% from 10% last year. We are continuously working on new 
product development and commercialization in optical connectivity space to further 
increase our attach rate. 
 
 
Coming to the financial performance of optical business as guided in Q4 FY24, revenue 
has declined on account of lower volumes and stands at Rs.777 crores. The full year 
FY24 revenue stands at Rs.3,830 crores. In line with the reduction in revenues Q4 FY24 
EBITDA stands at Rs.60 crores and for the full year FY24 EBITDA stands at Rs.621 
crore. Due to the lower absolute EBITDA, the EBITDA margins of Q4 FY24 stands at 
7.7%, although full year FY24 EBITDA margins is at 16.2%.  
 
 

Page 6 of 17 
 
It has been a challenging quarter but with strategically located manufacturing facilities 
globally, optimized cost structure, continual production innovation efforts and customer 
approvals for our products from tier 1 customers across the globe, we believe that we 
are well positioned to capture significant market share and grow as the demand picks 
up.  
 
 
Now let's discuss the progress in the Indian market and how we are pivoting the global 
services. In the global services business Q4 FY24 revenues stands at Rs.323 crores and 
full year FY24 revenue stands at Rs.1,456 crores. We have been selective in our intake 
and execution which has helped us improve our Q4 EBITDA to Rs.39 crores and 
EBITDA margin to healthy 12.1%. Favorable project mix and effective execution 
resulted in improved full year FY24 EBITDA to Rs.110 crores and EBITDA margins 
for FY24 to 7.6%. We continue to build our capability towards value added services to 
improve margin profile and reduce fund involvement.  
 
 
We made substantial progress on all the projects and as you can see on our slide among 
the major India public projects include our BharatNet project in the state of Telangana 
is now 68% complete including all the packages. The network modernization project is 
74% complete the data center project with the PSU standard 88% complete and on the 
India private side fiber rollout for a large telecom operator phase two is 55% complete 
and fiber rollout for modern optical networks for other private customer is 94% 
complete. 
 
 
Coming to STL digital, we are continuing the growth momentum. We're continuously 
working with new customers for growing our business in US, Europe and India across 
technology and services verticals as observed during strong order flow during FY24. 
With more than 25 global customers at the end of Q4 FY24 we have 40 plus active 
technology partnerships. We have signed strategic partnerships with SAP and Google to 
offer the solution jointly to our customers. We expect the growth to be driven by robust 
order book of more than Rs.660 crores and the right leadership as well as consultants. 
In line with expectations and despite a tough industry environment for IT services we 
have achieved a Q4 FY24 revenue at Rs.78 crores and the full year FY24 revenue of 
Rs.298 crores. The full year FY24 revenue of Rs.290 crores is more than four times the 
full year FY23 revenues. The EBITDA loss of Q4 FY24 stands at Rs.17 crores and for 
full year FY24 EBITDA loss stands at Rs.83 crores.  
 
 
I will now hand over to Tushar to talk about the financials. 
 
Tushar Shroff:  
Thanks, Ankit. Good day ladies and gentlemen. In line with our guidance, the 
consolidated Q4 revenue stands at Rs.1,140 crore. Full year FY24 revenue stands at 
Rs.5,478 crores, a reduction in the revenue on year on your basis is mainly attributable 

Page 7 of 17 
 
to lower optical fiber cable sales volume in optical network business. In quarter four 
EBITDA stands at Rs.67 crores, the full year FY24 EBITDA stands at Rs.627 crores, 
while for Q4 after tax losses stands at Rs.83 crores and full year FY24 after tax losses 
stands at Rs.58 crores.  
 
 
 
In terms of new orders in the optical business we continue to win multibillion dollar 
orders for optical fiber cable in our focus market. We secured large orders in UK for 
multiple large telecom operators. We also secured large orders in Italy from fiber optic 
network operator. We secured the first large orders in North America for our optical 
connectivity products.  
 
 
In the service business we secured large fiber rollout orders from large private telco 
operator in India for 5G deployments. On the back of our global businesses our revenue 
mix was well diversified during last quarter and we expect this to further improve 
towards North America and Europe as the demand for the optical products pick up in 
the global markets. Our open order book at the end of Q4 FY24 is Rs.10,290 crores we 
are happy to share that robust order book edition amounting to Rs.2,064 crores happened 
during last quarter. Our order book is well diversified across our customer segments and 
all our businesses.  
 
 
We now place abridged version of our reported numbers for your perusal. The net debt 
has reduced by Rs.334 crores during the financial year.  
 
 
Now let us understand the current status of the demerger of the service business. During 
the quarter, the first NCLT hearing was conducted in April 2024 NCLT has directed us 
to convene the meeting of the shareholders secured and unsecured creditors to approve 
the scheme of demerger and we are working on next steps in the approval process.  
 
 
In summary, I would like to say that in the optical network business we shall target to 
drive the cost leadership and pursue our ambition to be a global top three. We shall 
increase the sales of our focus market to grow our optical network business. We will 
continue to increase optical connectivity growth and attach rate. In the global services, 
we will continue to focus on select project to improve the profitability and optimize on 
the working capital. In the digital business, we will continue to scale up and grow our 
revenue along with focus profitability.  
 
 
Now I hand over thecall to Chetan. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thanks Tushar. Ladies and gentleman with this we come to the end of our presentation. 
And we should allow more towards the segment of Q&A with management.  
 

Page 8 of 17 
 
 
Please note that if you want to ask a question, you can click on the raise hand button and 
we shall take your questions one by one. special requests we ask we request all of you 
to limit your questions to maximum two questions so that the management can attend to 
questions from maximum participate participants the call is now open for Q&A. 
 
 
We will take the first question from the line of Nikhil Choudhary. Nikhil please go ahead 
with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Hi Ankit and Tushar, thanks for the opportunity. So, this was a tough year for industry 
and for us, but I want to discuss, especially related to the market share loss which we 
had during the year. Especially in America we still had negative growth in Q4 . One of 
your peer, largest optic fiber company globally has reported much better results in Q1 
CY2024. So, any comment there? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Okay, so I think the question was a little unclear but what I understood is in terms of our 
market share in North America, vis-à-vis some of our global competition. So, I won't be 
able to comment on the competition, but what we can definitely say is that we do expect 
and we have talked in the past about principally the market deployment, the fiber 
deployment continued to be strong. More than 9 million homes have been deployed 
which is one of the highest ever in history. And that is also leading to strong reduction 
of the inventory, especially with our end customers and distributors. So that's where we 
continue to believe that we are probably one to two quarters away from the market 
normalizing. During this time, we are focused on two or three things. One is improving 
our product portfolio, both on cable as well as connectivity, as we shared recently in the 
results, we have also started our first sale of connectivity in North America market which 
is a positive development. We also focusing on ramping up our US factory in terms of 
production and output. So, I think these are the focused areas, definitely as the market 
rebounds we are confident that our volumes for the US sales will improve. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Sure, second one is regarding the update on the BEAD project. There are some articles 
about changing timelines which generally happen with common products. So, any 
update on how the overall implementation and project development process is going on 
and when do you expect any meaningful uptake in terms of contribution from BEAD 
especially related to your US spectrum. Thank you. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Good question. So, broadly our sense is that somewhere in the timeframe of probably 
our Q3 or Q4 is where we can see some initial demand coming in. But when we look at 
our discussions with customers and even what we see with our peers, most people are 
factoring in probably meaningful demand coming in next year, so calendar year FY25, 
is where they see meaningful demand for the connectivity. Again, here we are working 
closely with our customers who we do expect to get the BEAD funding. We are also 

Page 9 of 17 
 
working both on our product portfolio as well as capacity readiness of our US factory. 
And recently, we have also made a public announcement to this effect, where we are 
meeting the BABA compliance which is important for the BEAD requirement. So that's 
where we stand today. There are efforts going on locally in the US around how the 
timing can be fast track but currently, the visibility is probably Q3/Q4 of our financial 
year, is where we can see some initial impact or benefit and then meaningfully next year 
onwards. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Last one question is related to services business, we have seen some changes in this 
quarter with margin profile has been menaingful at the cost of revenue growth. Is it fair 
to assume that this will be our strategy where we focus more on EBITDA margin than 
revenue growth for now in the services business. Thank you. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yeah, absolutely. I think as we have been sharing on the services business in India and 
overall for the business, we have been very focused on taking on the right kind of 
projects with the right margins and most importantly right cash profile to reduce our 
fund involvement so that efforts continue. We do have strong relationships with the 
telecom operators. We have some interesting projects, which we have and have also 
recently won on the system integration side. So, I think that's the whole focus, we will 
continue to drive towards the good balance between the fiber deployment and system 
integration. One caveat in all of this is that we will see how the BharatNet gets played 
out over the next one to two quarters. And definitely that will be an interesting 
opportunity for STL across fiber cable connectivity as well as deployment. So, I think 
let's see how that gets played out. And again, as long as the terms are to our liking that 
can be a good opportunity for STL. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary:  
Thank for giving the opportunity and good luck  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
And one more thing to add is that we also had in line with what we had promised, we 
have been able to get our UK services nearly to breakeven so I think that is also 
something that's positive and we see good order flow up there.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you, Nikhil. We will take the next question from the line of Bala Subramaniam. 
You may please go ahead. 
 
Bala Subramaniam: 
Sir in this quarter we have seen more than 80% degrowth in optical networking business. 
How much impact from volume and realization front and how was the realization on 
optical fiber and OFC side in this quarter. Are we seeing any improvement on the prices 
side or it will likely continue to reduce in coming quarter. 
 
 

Page 10 of 17 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
As we have been sharing primarily if we compare to last year, the biggest delta has been 
lower volumes, primarily in the US and then in Europe. We have increased some of our 
volumes in some of the other markets. And that also reflects when you look at our 
geography distribution in slide 25, where you will see our India revenues, for example, 
have grown from 26% to 35%. So, that's something that we are mindful of, the volumes 
have reduced as we have shared in a couple of discussion the past, utilizations have also 
been at sub 50% level. So, I think that’s something that we do see good opportunity for 
the business improving going forward, volumes improving going forward. I think on the 
realization part, we have seen that to be reasonably steady. And from our perspective, 
the because of the mix where typically we see lower realizations in India and Europe 
compared to US, because of that our average utilization would have come down at the 
optical business level. So, I think these are the two main factors again as we see the US 
demand coming back, both for cable and then eventually for connectivity, that will be a 
positive trigger, both for the top line and bottom line for the company. In parallel we are 
doing we have been doing a lot of work on the cost side, looking at all the elements of 
costs, which you shared in the past, both fixed costs, administration costs and various 
other costs. So, that will also help us once we start seeing some of the volumes coming 
back. 
 
Bala Subramaniam: 
Got it sir. Sir, what kind of products are in pipeline in optical interconnects from 13% 
rate in this year to where we can see improvement over the next two to three years. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Look, I can share at a macro level this definitely remains a strategic priority for us, it’s 
part of our strategy to provide an end to end solution to our customers. And certainly, 
there is good focus from our side, from product development side, from building the 
right team and capability both for our global markets, so that continues as a priority. And 
I think certainly we do we are keen that we increase attach rate as we scale up. 
 
Bala Subramaniam: 
Got it. On the global Services aside, we have witnessed the highest ever margin at 
12.1%. So, what are the key triggers for this improvement and where we can expect from 
current levels.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
As I shared, principally we are focused on executing the right kind of projects at the 
right margin and directionally we have shared that we want to keep this business 
somewhere in the range of at least 8-10% with the right mix. So, that's what we continue 
to believe in. There is good discipline with the team and the business and good system 
integration opportunities that are coming up over the next 12 -24 months. So, there is 
good discipline with the team and then we will see as we discussed with BharatNet that 
could be an interesting opportunity and upside for this business. 
 
 

Page 11 of 17 
 
Bala Subramaniam: 
Okay, so my last question is regarding the situation in Europe, US and Indian markets 
regarding inventory piled up with operating levels and what are the changes going on in 
this quarter and coming quarters, is there any order slowdown due to elections in India 
and US market. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, we are not seeing any impact of the elections per se whether in India or globally. 
And in fact, when you look at our own order book, that has been quite high in the last 
quarter, overall 2,000 crores plus order book and even in the optical business, very strong 
order book. So, I think that gives us some level of confidence that the customer inquiries 
are increasing, orders that we are taking in from variety of customers are increasing. So, 
I would say that deployment is strong, the inventories are continuing to get depleted, 
and we are one to two quarters away from some level of normal demand coming back. 
 
Bala Subramaniam: 
Thanks so much.  
  
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you, Bala. We'll take the next question from the line of Darshil Zaveri.  
 
Darshil Zaveri: 
Good evening, Sir. We have had like, maybe not a stellar FY24 but any kind of guidance 
that you would like to give in terms of our growth and margin in FY25. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, currently we are not looking to give any specific guidance, because we are still in 
that phase as I have been sharing that principally, in our optical business we have made 
all the right investments in our capacities, in our team product capability, but our 
utilization levels are still on the lower side. So, once we start seeing some of the regular 
demand coming in, when we start seeing especially in our focus markets in Europe, US 
and even in India with BharatNet kind of projects. So, once we start seeing that and we 
are able to get some comfort on that demand, then I think we will be able to provide a 
better guidance. Right now, as we are sharing is the primary driver specially in US 
market is inventory drawdown, which we do expect that will lead to demand 
normalization in one to two quarters. 
 
Darshil Zaveri: 
Okay, fair enough. So, for a common man like us, what could be an inflection point 
where we would say that now things have come back to normal,something on the 
broader sense, what will be the turning point for us. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, in simple terms we have added a fair bit of capacity, we are fully backward 
integrated from glass fiber cable, and now connectivity. So essentially, we would like 
our capacities to be running at least 70-80% plus levels. So, once we are able to get to 
that level and continue at those utilization levels, that will be where we get that comfort 
in terms of our volumes and ultimately the profitability.  
 

Page 12 of 17 
 
Darshil Zaveri: 
Okay, perfect.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take next question from Ashish Chopra. Please go ahead. 
 
Ashish Chopra: 
Hi Ankit could you help us with what would have been the utilization levels in this exit 
quarter as compared to how much it was in the last quarter. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
We won't give specific numbers Ashish for competitive reasons, but it was sub 50% 
levels. And as I shared, while the volumes have been largely flattish,basically, we have 
seen that principally they've been lower volumes from North America and more volumes 
from other markets like Middle East and India, etc. which would have driven down the 
realization and profitability 
 
Ashish Chopra: 
Understood, and also on the inventory levels you have been calling out, which has been 
on its way down and hence the outlook turning slightly positive, any qualitative or 
quantitative color on how and where do these inventory levels time today. Where were 
they at their peak? And what is really the steady state, the norm for the industry in 
general? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Ashish, it varies a little bit because there is inventory essentially in three places, it's with 
the manufacturers, the distributors, and with the end customers, it's across three levels. 
So that's the data that we are tracking closely and in our conversations with more 
distributors and customers,they do see these draw downs, which we are now tracking 
monthly and on quarterly basis. So that is why we get the confidence and when we look 
at what is kind of a basic or bare level of inventory, they would still need to maintain 
and it will never go down to zero, at which point they need to make sure that they are 
ordering and replenishing. That is where we are seeing that we are probably at current 
run rate levels of reductions, that is where we believe that we are one to two quarters 
away from reaching those levels that they are comfortably needing to replenish and that 
the whole cycle picks up to a normal level. And if you look at also the CRU forecasts 
and other forecasts from the industry on optic fiber volumes picking up, you will see 
that kind of uptick particularly, towards the end of CY24 and into CY25 onwards and 
quite meaningfully in 25-26 on the back of BEAD and other projects. 
 
Ashish Chopra: 
And just the last couple of questions from my side, one was on the order booking how 
was it from the US in this quarter in terms of contribution, did you already see a pickup 
there. And lastly on the data center business how much would be our exposure and do 
you think that you need to build separate capabilities under acquisitions to be a 
significant player in that market. 
 
 

Page 13 of 17 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, I would say we have normalized demand from US and probably some good long 
term orders particularly from Europe market, some from India market as well. Typically, 
our customers in Europe and US would look at 2-3 years contracts. So, as it depends on 
where some of those opportunities come up. So that's where we see that and also from 
distributors those was opportunities will continue to start coming in including in Q1, Q2, 
etc. for the US. On the data center part I think, definitely, as we shared in our slides it's 
quite exciting and I think there is more and more of an understanding for the industry 
and ourselves that clearly these kinds of Gen AI enabling data centers will have fairly 
dense kind of fiber networks within them. Much more fibers required per rack, and it 
could be the magnitude of 5- 6x or even more. So, we are trying to understand that more 
and we are trying to understand what is our own product portfolio required, literally 
starting from glass fiber, cable and even connectivity, and certainly we would look to 
increase our own capability and team to cater to this market. But this is something which 
will take little bit more time probably over the next 2-3 years. We will look to build this 
and make more of a presence in this market. 
 
Ashish Chopra: 
Thanks, and all the best. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take the next question from line of Vipul Shah. Vipul you please go ahead 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So, since you are reluctant to share your absolute production and utilization levels, may 
I ask at what percentage of capacity utilization will break even in our optical fiber 
business. 
 
Tushar Shroff:  
So, Vipul at above about 60% kind of utilization, we see that at 60-65% of utilization 
we should be back on track in terms of the profitability for the optical network business 
from OFC perspective. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So, what was your exit rate for Q4. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
It was sub 50% that is what I shared.  
 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay and do you see any near term improvement overall.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I mean, that is what I have been sharing, that it's really a function of how we see the 
inventories going down and the demand coming up. And that's where we are broadly 
guiding that we are one to two quarters from there, but directionally of course we do 
believe you know, Q1 and Q2 will be better than previous quarters. 
 
 
 

Page 14 of 17 
 
Tushar Shroff:  
And Vipul the good part is that what we have seen is that the kind of an order booking 
that we have for this particular quarter, which gives us the confidence that this order 
booking will start to roll in the coming quarters which will help us in terms of booking 
at revenue and facility both. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
So last question, if you can directionally comment the prices of the exit of last quarter 
as compared to two years back how much they are down. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, I don't think I will be able to give us a specific answer there because the pricing 
really varies by geography both on fiber and cable quite a bit between prices locally in 
China, prices in India, Europe and US as they are distinct markets. I would at least 
comment that in the last couple of quarters the market has been fairly stable and at least 
from our focus markets, we don't see any reduction in realization. We are continuing to 
focus on our solution offering of cable plus connectivity together, which will help us 
increase our attach rate and profitability in the next 1-2 years. 
 
Vipul Shah: 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you, Vipul. We will take next question from line of Saral Shah. Please go ahead.  
 
Saral Shah: 
This is a really great job on the reduction of employee cost. So, one I just wanted to 
understand how much of this is coming from a reduction in contract labor or production 
cost or production manpower. Some idea,as we ramp up volumes again how much of 
this cost will come back. 
 
Tushar Shroff:  
So, with respect to the employee cost, if you see the manpower cost, it's all about the 
permanent employees. While the labor costs which is generally it's a contract labor, 
which is not part of the manpower cost, it's getting reported as the other expenses are 
part of the line item. So, from that perspective, you see on a like to like basis, we have 
been able to reduce the substantial amount in terms of the manpower expenses. So, some 
part of this particular expenses as we built up, some kind of a capability on optical 
interconnect side. That is something that we will have to keep investing to build up the 
entire portfolio in terms of an R&D, as well as on the marketing side, as well as the sales 
engineering support side. So, as we structurally grow that particular business, we will 
see that the structure increase in this particular cost, but from the OFC perspective and 
for OF perspective, whatever the cost optimization that we have done and we continue 
to drive to reduce this particular cause further down for these two segment of the 
business. 
 
 
 

Page 15 of 17 
 
Saral Shah: 
Yeah, great. So firstly, I think it's great to hear that we made some breakthrough in the 
US, but in terms of our overall journey, in terms of capability development, whether it 
is the range of products or R&D or sales capability on the interconnect side for the US 
market. So where are we in our journey from zero to 100. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I will put it this way, there has been a lot of work over the last 12 months, I will say 
overall, both for Europe and US markets and also for some of the other global markets. 
There's both been focused on building our intellectual property, there has been focused 
on product development, prioritizing it. We also look very closely at cable plus 
interconnect development together because of the linkages between the two. So, I would 
say particularly to your question on US,  we have a good strong base of products but one 
of the areas where we do see our strength is our agility to customize for our customers. 
And so that's something that we continue to co create with our customers and as those 
solutions get developed and put into the field that will be an important driver of our 
business particularly in the US. We are also building some strong technical resources 
and capability in the region. So as those teams come on board and they help support us 
on the ground, that will also have been a positive driver. 
 
Saral Shah: 
So, do think they should be like 2-3 years journey or a really long term journey for us. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, a 2–3-year journey is fair. It also takes some time to build credibility in the market, 
to get a deep understanding of on ground, how the network behaves and network 
requirements. So that's the phase where we are in and typically it takes one to two years 
and sometimes in that period, to even get some of the customer approvals.  
 
Saral Shah: 
Sure. And last question, we of course on the IT services side, we are very close to 
breakeven we had a little bit of a blip this quarter, but how is next year overall looking 
on IT services growth and profitability. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I would actually mix the two as you said, we are looking at profitable growth. So, that's 
really where Raman and the team are driving that, while there could be many 
opportunities we are really keeping that focus and discipline that while we want to grow, 
how do we find that balance and still make sure that we first get to break even as we 
have been discussing, and then look at profitability. So that's something that we are 
aware that probably overall IT services sector is currently a little bit challenging. But 
certainly, overall environment improves over next 1-2 quarters, the intent is certainly 
first to get to break even quickly, and then look at profitable growth. So, we are also 
mindful of our own investments into the business so far, and hence it's important that 
going forward the business creates a profitable growth. 
 
Saral Shah: 
All right, thank you. 

Page 16 of 17 
 
 
Chetan Wani: 
We will take a last question. And that will be from the line of Sohan Joshi.  
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Hi Ankit, we do you expected allocation of tenders in the BharatNet project. Will you 
have any growth coming this year from that. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yeah, good question. Basically, there is, some of the responses to the inquiries, etc. to 
the Bharatnet tender, and so current visibility is probably in the next one to two months, 
there could be a response to the tenders and then there could be some more work around 
that. So, practically, some work could happen towards our financial year Q3 or maybe 
Q4 is where there could be some impact. Again, it will vary depending on whether it's 
business to us on the fiber deployment side or its business for us on cable supply, or 
possibly even fiber supply to other cablers. So, broadly we do think that there will be 
some activity on the ground, probably by Q3 and Q4 of our financial year. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Okay, second question, how are we seeing the demand of tower fiberisation in India. 
Since India has a rate of say just around 37% odd tower fiberisation and with 5G rolling 
out very fast, do we see any big upside in demand coming from India itself physical to 
tower fiberisation. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yes, it will at least be steady and maybe some healthy growth. Primarily, I would 
separate the two that probably we do see particularly, the demand from at least one of 
the two large operators to scale up given that they want to get a higher tower fiberisation 
probably at 70-80%. So, definitely one of the two large operators will scale up. The good 
thing is both the large operators, Jio and Airtel have very ambitious plans for fiber to the 
home as well fiber to enterprise. So, all of this is converging. I would say so, one look 
at it as one ubiquitous network, whether it is fiber for towers, fiber, enterprise, fiber to 
home, all of it is getting built including fiber for data center requirements is all getting 
built at one time so we do see this kind of coming together and definitely on top of this 
you will have the BharatNet requirements, which will be in rural India. So, we are bullish 
on India. It's our home market and we do hope that that demand increases over the next 
three to five years. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Okay, thanks a lot. One small question, with this prolonged high interest rates and US 
elections coming up, do you see any impact on BEAD project or it will continue 
irrespective of which of the political parties coming to power in USA. 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 17 of 17 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
The BEAD project bipartisan is approved by both the parties, both the houses, so to that 
extent, we don't see any negative impact on BEAD based on the elections. On the interest 
part definitely at least a STL it's been positive to the extent with our fundraise now, we 
will be utilizing that for our debt reduction. And to that extent, our interest costs will 
come down to some amount for the current year. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Okay, thanks a lot, and all the best for the upcoming quarters.  
 
Chetan Wani: 
Thank you Sohan. Ladies and gentleman with this, we come to the end of the question 
and answer session, and Ankit I hand over the call back to you for closing remarks. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thanks, Chetan. I would like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing 
interest in our company. Despite a challenging market environment, we have managed 
to make progress on our key strategic priorities. And we have reduced our net debt by 
Rs.334 crores majorly through internal accruals. We have successfully completed the 
QIP and onboarded marquee investors which is a testament to our capabilities and future 
potential. I thank these investors when placing their trust on STL. During the last FY24 
we have worked on all factors in our control and attempted to become lean, agile and 
establish industry leading cost model. In this new financial year FY25 we will continue 
to aggressively pursue business opportunities presented by the market on the tenets of 
deep customer engagement, product innovation, sustainability, and we are confident that 
we will reap benefits of this into the future. We are well positioned to execute and deliver 
robust results and create shareholder value as a demand normalizes, I hope we will be 
able to address and clarify all your questions and comments for any further questions 
and discussions please feel free to contact the investor relations team which includes 
myself and Tushar. We look forward to continuing the conversation with you in the 
future. Thank you. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
