@ 
| Vardhman 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
Delivering Excellence. Since 1965. 
CHANDIGARH ROAD 
LUDHIANA- 141010, PUNJAB 
T: +91-161-2228943-48 
F: +91-161-2601048, 2222616, 2601040 
E: secretarial.lud@vardhman.com 
Vardhman 
| 
Ref. VSSL:SCY:MAY:2024-25 
Dated: 06-May-2024 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
New Trading Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI-400001. 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: 534392 
Scrip Code: VSSL 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL OF VARDHMAN SPECIAL 
STEELS LIMITED - Q4 FY-24 
Sir, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on 
02"¢ May, 2024 to discuss the Company’s business and financial performance for Q4 
FY24. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
(SONAM DHINGRA) 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
YARNS 
| 
FABRICS 
| 
THRNDS 
| 
GARMENTS 
| 
FIBRES 
| 
STEELS 
PAN NO.: AADCV48128 
 CIN: L27100PB2010PLC033930 
WWW.VARDHMANSTEEL.COM
SONAM 
DHINGRA
Digitally signed by SONAM DHINGRA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=141012, st=PUNJAB, 
street=HOUSE NO. 121-B ,LUDHIANA,141012, 
l=LUDHIANA, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=b09c707fc4f741fb18f54bfbc84b1ffe97
be24b137d8dbbb3f7f1edb86e95c74, 
pseudonym=a7ca790b23d74dc6becad3a90c08d077, 
2.5.4.20=53ace98660da7d7f91b5dbf8bb23eabcfe0c9
21575933b925e673687fb584ff1, 
email=SONAMTANEJA32@GMAIL.COM, cn=SONAM 
DHINGRA 
Date: 2024.05.06 16:33:25 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Vardhman Special Steels Limited Q4 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SACHIT JAIN – VICE CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
MR. R. K. REWARI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV SINGLA – CFO, VARDHMAN SPECIAL 
STEELS LIMITED 
MS. SOUMYA JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MS. DEEPIKA MURARKA – CHOICE EQUITY BROKING 
PRIVATE LIMITED 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call for 
Vardhman Special Steel Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepika Murarka from Choice Equity Broking Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Deepika Murarka: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Choice Equity Broking, welcome to the Q4 
and FY24 Post-Results Conference Call of Vardhman Special Steels Limited. 
I also take this opportunity to welcome the Senior Management Team. On today's call we have 
with us Mr. Sachit Jain – Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. R. K. Rewari – Executive 
Director, Mr. Sanjeev Singla – CFO, Ms. Soumya Jain – Executive Director.  
This conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on the 
beliefs, opinion and expectations of the company as of the date of this call. These statements are 
not guarantee of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties which are 
difficult to predict. 
I now invite Mr. Sachit Jain for the opening remark to be followed by the question-and-answer 
session. Over to you sir.  
Sachit Jain: 
Thank you, Deepika. In addition to the names mentioned, we have Sonam, our Company 
Secretary with us and Savli from our Investor Relations firm. Ladies and gentlemen thank you 
so much for being with us today on this call. 
Last year has been a very interesting year. I would say the growth phase, the next phase has 
begun after our consolidation of last year. We completed, so we looked at the past last year and 
also, we looked at the future. We looked at the past as we completed 50 years of existence of 
steel business, which is a big event for us, and we gave a one for one bonus to celebrate the 
occasion. That was also the opportunity to start strategizing our plans for our expansion 
eventually going to the next phase which is a second plant.  
But in the last year I think one big area where a lot of work has been done is in the area of green. 
As you are all aware the future is green everywhere and steel being a major polluting industry, 
green steel has become a very big word across the world. And we are positioning ourselves as 
one of the strong green steel producers from India. Our carbon footprint, which has already come 
down to 0.7 tons of carbon per ton of steel, scope one and scope two and measured on the billet 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
as most of the steel companies are doing. We are putting up a solar plant which as of now things 
are on track. We should be there by December. With that our carbon footprint should drop to 
around 0.45. Then we have plans to switch to renewable power from the grid which has a slightly 
higher cost. But with that our carbon footprint should drop to 0.2. This will make us by far the 
lowest carbon footprint company in our special steel sector compared to our competitors who 
will between 2.5 to 3 as almost all of them are from the blast furnace route. We will be at 0.2 in 
2 years from now, they'll between 2.5 to 3. So, that's one big thrust area.  
The second thrust area last year was we installed those two stands in rolling which increased our 
rolling capacity. Then we placed orders for a Kocks block and for a reheating furnace with a 
total Capex of about 140 crores. The Kocks block should be in place by later this year by 
December or so, by March hopefully it would have stabilized. And the reheating furnace will 
come up in FY‘25, somewhere around June and we will maybe stabilize by September-October. 
We will get advantage of that in the second half of next year.  
In addition, already approved earlier we are planning on a second NDT line. So, a lot of 
investments which were planned earlier from our earlier planned CAPEX have started process 
and invest expenditure will happen in this year and the next year primarily and then go over to 
the year after that. We have announced a new CAPEX of 33 crores which will increase our 
capacity. As we said earlier, we had tested the capacity of 260,000 tons of billet making which 
was our earlier stated capacity which meant about 230,000 tons of saleable product. We had a 
license of 3 lakh tons. So, we had regulatory approval, but we didn't have the ability to reach 
there. I said earlier that once we reached 260,000 tons, we will start looking for improvement 
opportunities to increase this further. We feel reasonably confident that we should be able to hit 
285,000 tons in the next 2 years with this CAPEX of 33 crores. Now this 33 crores is primarily 
investment in environment because with the increase in production, the environment will 
deteriorate in the plant and therefore we will be adding almost about Rs. 12 crores to improve 
the environment in the electric arc furnace, we are adding ETP, we are adding some other 
environment. So, about Rs. 14 to 15 crores out of the 33 is an environment area. 
The other investments are in building some redundancies, building some spare capacities so that 
the maintenance can be done offline rather than online. Those kind of investments and of course, 
since our test production increase will mean far more testing, far more sophisticated testing also. 
So, we are also investing more in our R&D area and small debottlenecking investments here and 
there. But the large three chunks are one environment, the largest chunk. R&D investment, the 
second largest chunk. 
The third largest chunk is in building redundancies and building offline maintenance 
possibilities. 
The fourth is some debottlenecking here and there. So, those are the main highlights of last year.  

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
One more thing that we have been saying all along is that our stated EBITDA per ton is Rs. 
7,000 to Rs. 10,000 a ton. Last quarter we have had a good quarter. We got Rs. 11,000 a ton. It 
is beyond our normal range. So, please don't calibrate us on this kind of expectation for the 
future. However, I think we become pretty boring. The last three years we've been saying our 
range is Rs. 7,000 to Rs. 10,000 a ton and I've said that we will be wanting to up this range. I 
think we are ready now that once this expansion investments of next year the Kocks block and 
the shutdowns which happened because of Kocks block because again we will have a one-month 
shutdown of rolling mill next year. Once that gets over by December, by March it will have 
stabilized. So, the year ‘25-26 we want to up this guidance to Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 11,000 a ton. We 
hope the year after that after the stabilization of our reheating furnace and further increase in 
capacity we will be able to up the range to 9 to 12. So, 8 to 11 is now our guidance from the year 
‘25-26 onwards and aspirationally ‘26-27 onwards we hope to change the range to 9 to 12. We 
are not ready just now to confirm that but I guess somewhere a year down the line as we develop 
the confidence we will come and state clearly that we are ready to change our range to 9 to 12. 
These are as far as our opening remarks go.  
And of course, dividend, we have maintained the same dividend. There was thought of it 
increasing the dividend but since the profits were down from last year despite the strong recovery 
in second half primarily the fourth quarter, we decided to maintain the dividend. Our debt equity 
of course is at our lowest ever at 0.12. It is way lower than what it should be, and we will correct 
that for the further capital investment that we plan and then eventually when we are ready to 
announce the new plant.   
So, these are, I have my opening remarks. I think this is the longest opening remarks I have 
given in a long time and my CFO was reminding because I was absent last time. So, you are 
given two calls worth of opening remarks today. So, we are open to Q&A. Thank you ladies and 
gentlemen.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our 
first question from the line of Roshan Shah from Valcore Cap.  
Sachit Jain: 
Roshan before you begin your question, I think one more thing which I forgot to share. On a 
personal note, I became a grandfather on 6th of April. My daughter Soumya, our Executive 
Director gave birth to a baby boy Suveer. That's on a personal note just sharing my promotion 
from father to grandfather. Anyway, go ahead please.  
Roshan Shah: 
Moving on to the business. During the opening remarks there was some disturbance with my 
line. I heard that you have you've planning for a CAPEX of 33 crores. So, could you just help 
me with what our installed capacity will reach to now?  
Sachit Jain: 
So, this is an incremental new announcement of 33 crores. We already have ongoing project of 
260 crores which was announced in 2022. And then another 140 crores project which is the 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Kocks block and the reheating furnace which was announced in July‘23. So, these two are 
already announced. In addition to that this is 33 crores because now all our capital investments 
have been made. This is only marginal. And out of the 33 crores large chunk is going in 
environment to improve the fume extraction system. That is the largest chunk of it. The second 
chunk is in R&D equipment and the third chunk is in building redundancies. Some areas adding 
some extra spares, adding in some parts which can be removed, so maintenance becomes offline 
rather than online maintenance to improve the uptime of machines to increase production. So, 
those kind of investments, all small nothing major. The fourth bucket is in terms of small 
debottlenecking here and there.  
Roshan Shah: 
The next question was, also Kalyani has been adding some capacity as well. So, are we seeing 
any great increase in demand?  
Sachit Jain: 
The demand is going to continue to grow in the car segment as the cars grow. The second area 
where demand is likely to increase is as global majors are building plans to make India the major 
manufacturing hub. As you saw in today's business standard already Kubota has announced that 
India will be like that. Of course, we have information for a couple of other global Tier 1. I am 
not at liberty to share their names out here but as some of them are customers who are talking of 
building India as a global hub. All these portend to a stronger demand going ahead. But currently 
there is a weak environment, currently, primarily because tractors, there is a slowdown in 
tractors. So, there is a little slowdown and there is a slight slowdown in exports from some of 
our customers. That I believe is temporary. But as of now, which is why last quarter, in fact 
month of March the sales were way lower than what we estimated. So, despite sales doing a 
decent job in the last quarter to help recover part of our loss that we had in sales. But because of 
a weak March and we saw the weakness from February itself, we still ended up about 2.5% 
short, 5,000 tons short of the previous year. So, there is current weakness. But I am seeing things 
improving already. Cars are doing well; two wheelers are stable. It is basically tractors and 
commercial vehicles also improving already, I think. The tractors is the only thing which is little 
down. So, that should also pick up maybe in a couple of months. I guess everyone is waiting. 
Once the elections are over, we are all hoping demand picks up further. Already demand for 
construction steel is high. Construction steel prices have risen. So, that is showing a better 
demand.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mr. Ritwik Sheth from One Up Finance.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
A couple of questions from my end, just to get my understanding whether it's right or wrong. 
The billet capacity today is 260,000 which will go to 285,000 as you mentioned. The rolling mill 
capacity which is currently 2 lakh tons per annum will go to 250,000 of the CAPEX that we 
have already mentioned in the previous quarters, right?  
Sachit Jain: 
So, 2 lakh it all it was, with the addition of these two stands because of which we took some 
shutdowns last year. This capacity has already gone up to about 215, 210 to 215. 210, sorry I 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
stand corrected. So, 10,000 tons capacity has already gone up, so it's 210. And with this Kocks 
block and the reheating furnace, our capacity will go up to about 260,000 to 270,000 tons. So, 
then rolling will not be a bottleneck anymore. Just now rolling is still a bottleneck and which is 
why we have a lot of job work where we are getting billets rolled from outside. Then once this 
capacity comes up, all those billets which are getting rolled outside will get rolled inside. We 
will have better control on quality and there will be some saving of costs and improvement in 
margin because what is being rolled outside, there is freight cost as well as profit margin we 
transferred to other companies.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, basically in 2 years we can sell 250,000 to 260,000 tons per annum finished products from 
our existing Ludhiana.  
Sachit Jain: 
From capacity point of view yes, we will be able to sell but we always believe in gradually 
building up. So, our target will be 250,000 tons of sales is what we will target. I am not saying 
that we're committing that but we will target that in the year ‘26-27. For next year we are 
targeting somewhere between 210,000 to 215,000 tons, I mean for this year. We are already in 
next year, ‘24-25, 210 to 215. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, we will not be needing any external rolling to be done by anybody.  
Sachit Jain: 
This year also we will because we have one month of shutdowns and since the Kocks block will 
be not yet put up, we will not get the gains of that capacity. This year again we will have. Next 
year onward is outside rolling will go away and currently about 35,000 tons was rolled outside 
last year and about 8,000 to 10,000 tons we have some bottleneck of production because those 
are certain kinds, and we don't have that size range in our rolling. That will remain. But roughly 
25,000 tons or the 35,000 tons will get rolled inside which is getting rolled outside. Now you'll 
be surprised this is for everybody else that when the capacity shortage is not as much why the 
job work amount is larger than the capacity shortfall that is for servicing reasons also when 
suddenly you get bunching of orders to meet service requirements, we need to do some job work 
from outside. With the Kocks block our capacity will go up and our servicing ability will also 
go up. So, the need to get any outside rolling neither for capacity reasons nor for servicing 
reasons, so we will be able to do all this rolling inside.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Second question is on the exports volume. Would it be possible to share the exports volume for 
FY24 and you know how we expect to see over next 2 years FY25 and FY in current year and 
then next year?  
Sanjeev Singla:   
Last year we ended up total export volume of 7,300 plus exports to Aichi which are clubbed in 
the domestic sale which is about 5,000 tons.  
Sachit Jain: 
So, total 12,000 tons and this year we are expecting about 16,000 to 17,000 tons.  

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And incremental I am assuming that it will be going to Aichi majority.  
Sachit Jain: 
We don't share all those numbers now, so total about 16-17. The sales to Aichi are going a little 
below expectation and there are two reasons for that. One the Japanese yen has weakened so 
much that Japanese steel is marginally or almost the same rate as steel from India. But secondly 
also Toyota sales are bit down, Thailand the sales are bit down so that is the reason for lower 
and plans are being made to see how to make up this shortfall.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
Two quarters ago you had mentioned that global OEM had taken some samples from our site 
for green steel. So, if you can share any updates on that. 
Sachit Jain: 
That’s a progress, all such things take a year, 2 years to happen. I am just saying it's a signal that 
global OEs are looking at India seriously, the idea was more a signaling impact. This is the 
direction where companies are going. Any impact of this you'll see only, some impact you'll see 
next not in this year, the next financial year which is ‘25-26 the real impact will be in ‘26-27. 
It's a slow process of getting into a global OE. It takes about 3 years minimum. But then once 
you get in then you can expand your footprint and then it's also difficult to get you out. It's a 
sticky business. But one interesting thing is, they have asked us that 100% of power for their 
manufacture has to be from renewable energy. So, this is a clear requirement of this OE.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
But are we ready for 100%? 
Sachit Jain: 
This is good for us. No, we will be ready, by the time the production requirements happen we 
will be ready with that.  
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, just one last question from my end. You know you had mentioned a few quarters ago that 
our material to it Aichi which is the quality is little bit subpar than the Japanese material that 
they receive. So, you know how is the progress on that front? Are we happy, is Aichi happy and 
is it completely at par with Japanese material or there is still some scope for improvement there? 
Sachit Jain: 
I think you have misinterpreted what I said. The quality, no customer will take any subpar 
quality. So, the quality that we are producing is equivalent to Aichi quality. However, what I 
said was, we are having difficulty making that quality and our internal rejections were and 
rework were significantly higher than we had anticipated. Those as our internal quality levels 
have improved, so those rework and rejection levels have come down. And that is also one of 
the factors which has contributed to the profitability being better in the last quarter. I am not 
saying that's the only factor but one of the factors. And one of the factors which has given us the 
confidence to change our forecast, our guidance to 8,000-11,000 from up till now range of 7 to 
10. But again, I am saying this will be for the year ‘25-26 because next year again we have shut 
down and we still have some constraints and we still have some material being rolled outside, 
all those constraints are there. So, really ‘25-26 we will get the full impact. Again, we will not 
get full impact, but we will get most of the impact and ‘26-27 will have the full impact which is 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
why 8 to 11 is the range we have said ‘25-26 and aspirationally we feel a Rs. 9,000 to 12,000 
EBITDA per ton range in ‘26-27.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Angad Katdare from Sameeksha Capital.  
Angad Katdare: 
My first question is related to the other income which includes the GST and electricity incentive. 
Can you share the outlook for FY25 for the same?  
Sachit Jain: 
It will be in the similar numbers because there's nothing of the past year in this year. Last year 
we still had I think Rs. 7-8 crores of a previous year, 9 crores which means actually the EBITDA 
level though it seems lower this ‘23-24 compared to the previous year. It is at par with the 
previous year because in ‘22-23 we had 9 crores of a prior period. So, this year everything is of 
this year, and we can expect the same similar numbers going ahead. Which is why we have 
stated that we believe this is part of our income for our regular operations. It is not other income 
which has been. This is part of our costing structure.  
Angad Katdare: 
My second question is related to the greenfield plant. Any development on the same, the forging 
plant integration and the greenfield? 
Sachit Jain: 
All these areas we have started serious discussions and hopefully we will start looking for land 
soon. We started the process of thinking, which state to look at, all those things. So, in the next 
few months hopefully we will decide the state and then start identifying land parcels. But we’ve 
started the process now. It will take its own time and when we are ready to make an 
announcement about timelines and so on we will do that. As of now no concrete steps have been 
taken. We just started the process of discussion and thinking and planning and study. As the 
audience here would know, we are a conservative group, and we go slow and steady. So, we are 
a little patient and cautious and on top of that our partners are Japanese who are also slow and 
patient. But the beauty with our Japanese what I have seen is they take their time in planning 
and thinking and consolidating. But once the plans are made then they are firm, and action is 
fast. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rohan Mehta, a shareholder.   
Rohan Mehta: 
Just to build on the previous question regarding CAPEX if you could just shed some light on, if 
there's been any further discussion with Aichi about this CAPEX and how the entire CAPEX 
would be funded.  
Sachit Jain: 
This CAPEX is a small 33 crores additional, easily internal accruals and little bit and payback 
will be, within 2 years it will be paid back. The company can take care of it.  
Rohan Mehta: 
And beyond that nothing on the horizon with respect to Aichi management with a view for more 
CAPEX? 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Sachit Jain: 
With this and all CAPEX as far as this plan is concerned is over. So, then after this any new 
CAPEX will only be once we take a firm decision on a new plant. And two when we decide on 
forging. In fact, we started the process of studying the forging industry, identifying suitable 
partners, identifying which OEs to work with. So, that process of study forging has also started. 
Decision will be taken at the appropriate time, but the process of study has begun. 
Rohan Mehta:  
So, the mass production that we have begun for Aichi will be taken care of from the existing 
facilities, is that right? 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes. All the plans that are there are from the existing facility. Once we have a new facility 
planned and it comes up then of course all these plans will change because one of the reasons 
the plans were not more aggressive was that we didn't have enough capacity. And two we have 
some limitations of what sizes we can make in this plant. So, in a new plant whenever we plan 
it, whenever we execute it all those limitations will be gone.  
Rohan Mehta: 
On the billet capacity which has improved is it because of any particular debottlenecking that 
has happened? And maybe a year or two down the line what can we see in terms of our billet 
capacity?  
Sachit Jain: 
No, this 260,000 tons was already announced. It's just that we tested it and found that in January, 
this month we hit the number of 22,000 tons for a month at a stretch and February also was good 
which gave us the confidence that 260,000 tons level has been achieved. And as we have said 
earlier that once we achieve this number then we look beyond that and from January we started 
looking at what more can be done. Then we found that we could go up to 285,000 which is what 
required the CAPEX that we have got approved now. Maybe many of it would anyway have to 
be done because I don't think environment expenditure is directly leading to capacity expansion. 
R&D investment was anyway required again. So, many of these investments were perhaps 
anyway required but we just clubbed it all together and helping us go to further capacity 
expansion. So, 285,000 tons will be the new capacity and we hope to hit this figure depending 
on of course our marketing that we are able to sell all this thing. By ‘26-27 or latest ‘27-28. Our 
target will be ‘26-27.  
Rohan Mehta: 
You mentioned that Toyota sales have been relatively muted. So, if I may ask your take on what 
can be expected, does the industry look different in the fiscal or the next two quarters and 
whether that will impact our exports? 
Sachit Jain: 
It's still a very small business, so it will not have major impact. One thing good thing about the 
Japanese is, once they have made a commitment and it is not working as per that commitment, 
they look for other opportunities to make good their commitment. So, they are examining other 
products that were to be localized into India which can be localized and some of them are being 
fast forwarded in. So, another year or two we will catch up with the targeted and committed 
volumes. So, I am not too worried about that.  

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ms. Radha from B&K Securities.   
Radha: 
I wanted to ask first question was that this quarter we had done 52,000 tons of volumes. So, 
previously we had done this kind of volume in 1Q FY23. So, if we compare 1Q with this quarter 
then the raw material cost for us is very low for us this quarter and which has benefited us a lot. 
However, the other expenses for this quarter is higher as compared to that quarter. So, wanted 
to understand why the other expenses have gone up in 4Q or we can say in FY24 compared to 
FY23.  
Sanjeev Singla:   
In other expenses the higher expenses are because of two reasons. One is the job work charges 
which are higher than the Q1 of FY23 and secondly because in Q1 the prices of electrode were 
on lower side and earlier were storing at lower prices. So, the electrode prices were lower in Q1 
whereas in this Q4 quarter the prices of electrode were higher. So, these are the two major 
reasons for other expenses to be on higher side.  
Radha: 
So, going forward should we continue with these FY24 other expenses per ton number?  
Sanjeev Singla:   
Yes, for this job work charges rolling out from outside it will continue for another three quarters 
more. And on this electrode prices they have started softening. So, they are coming down in the 
subsequent quarters.  
Radha: 
In the opening remarks you mentioned that from FY23 onwards we had announced CAPEX 2X 
to 3X. So, total first is the 220 crores and 140 crores and now 33 crores. So, I think it's around 
400 crores. So, out of that how much we have spent till now and how much we are spending and 
what is the timeline by when we want to complete the entire CAPEX? 
Sachit Jain: 
So, roughly about 82 crores out of this has been spent. So, from the 260and 140,400 crores and 
this new 33 crores is 433 crores so, 82 crores have been spent. Everything else will be and 25 
crores for land has been spent and we have allocated about Rs. 19 crores for our share in the 
renewable project, so those are in addition. So, all this CAPEX will be done in primarily the next 
2 years, a little bit miss stretch into 3 years. So, in ‘24-25, ‘25-26 most of this investment would 
be done, some will spill over to ‘26-27.  
Radha: 
Just to follow up on the answer that you gave on the export side. 
Sachit Jain: 
Radha as I answered earlier to another question, repeating that. With this almost all our CAPEX 
plan for this unit is largely done. There will be only minor than normal CAPEX or little R&D 
equipment, some more testing and all those are the only kind of investments that will continue. 
But after this almost all our CAPEX plans are done.  

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Radha: 
Just a follow up on the answer that you gave on the electrode prices. So, just a small query that 
the electrode price is going up or any fluctuation in this. So, this should have been captured in 
the raw material prices, unable to understand why it’s coming.  
Sachit Jain: 
Electrode is not raw material. Raw material includes our scrap, pig iron, sponge iron, our 
alloying elements. Those are our raw materials. Electrode is consumable. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Akshay Thakur from Pico Capital.   
Akshay Thakur: 
My question on the business. So, just to circulate back on the topic of electric arc furnace as a 
method of manufacturing specialty steel. We have heard a lot about the advantages on that. Are 
there any challenges as such about this method of making it?  
Sachit Jain: 
Yes, challenges are there that the cost of steel making is higher with the electric arc furnace route 
as compared to a blast furnace route. But they damage the environment massively and they have 
a very high capital cost. You have to be today to set up a new plant under the glass furnace route 
you need to make it economically, it has to be at least 3 to 4 million tons. Whereas electric arc 
furnace you can put up 300,000 tons or 500,000 tons plant and the capital cost, so smaller 
capacity as well as cost per ton would be lower and environmentally far better. Worldwide in 
the special steel industry, almost all companies the good companies are all electric arc furnaces. 
India is perhaps one of the only countries where you have blast furnaces and many blast furnaces 
making alloy steel for automotive sector. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Thank you for that information. One more question on the same, are there any structural changes 
happening for sourcing raw material that is the scrap steel for India as a country?  
Sachit Jain: 
Yes. As the country is moving towards circular economy which is a hot topic being discussed 
by all OEs. As the government is pushing circular economy, so clearly scrap from the auto OEs 
is likely to start moving to people like us. So, there is this structural change that the auto 
companies will be looking at in the future to see how they can channelize their scrap to people 
like us.  
Moderator: 
We have a follow up question from the line of Naitik M from Sequent Investments.   
Naitik M: 
Just one question from my side. I believe we were in constant negotiations with OEM during 
Quarter 1 and Quarter 2 for price hikes. I think we have seen a positive effect of that in the Q4 
numbers. Now post that the commodity prices are again shooting up and do we think that these 
prices we will be able to maintain the kind of EBITDA per ton or EBITDA margins that we did 
in Quarter 4 moving forward in Quarter 1 and thereon? 
Sachit Jain: 
One thing please understand, we have anyway said this Rs. 11,000 EBITDA per ton that we got 
is beyond our normal range. So, in any case we will never say that those kind of numbers we 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
can expect on an ongoing basis. One odd quarter again you can get it but this is not a sustainable 
number as of now. The second thing is whenever raw material prices rise sometimes what we 
asked always for a price increase. Let us see how the negotiations happen. And third is when 
raw material prices go up at least the quarter where the prices have gone up there are also 
inventory gains. So, one quarter in all could get protected. It is when the old inventory runs out 
that when the shock happens so without a price increase. So, Q1 for this year should be 
reasonably fine and if we don't get a price increase Q2 there will be some problem. But overall, 
for the year we will remain in the range of Rs. 7,000 to Rs. 10,000 our EBITDA guidance. Just 
to add more information, the letters that have gone through to the OEs from various steel makers 
have asked for between Rs. 2,500 to 3,750 I think as one company has said. But I am sure 2,500 
to 3,500 is a range in which letters of increase has gone to the OEs and maybe 3,750. I am not 
sure of that number of 3,750. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Mr. Tushar from Phoenix Advisors.   
Tushar: 
I was just trying to envisage the power saving that we could get from the new solar plant. So, if 
you could help me with some.  
Sachit Jain: 
What about the solar plant?  
Tushar: 
So, the power plant is what I know is for 55 MW and what PLF could we expect from the plant? 
If we have the numbers ready, the PLF plant load factor from the solar plant.  
Sachit Jain: 
We will get about 8 crore units from that plant.  
Tushar: 
That is the number that I could. And the current cost?  
Sachit Jain: 
About 17.5%.  
Tushar: 
And the current cost per unit is 7 per unit as from the last calls I could recollect, is it? 
Sachit Jain: 
 Yes. 
Tushar: 
And what could be the cost that we could expect from the new plant?  
Sachit Jain: 
We haven't shared that number as of now. But the range, we are all aware at induction point 
most companies are saying between Rs. 3.5 to 4 a unit and then there are some costs there. So, 
it's within the range at induction point.  
Tushar: 
If we take Rs. 4 per unit, so the total…. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Sachit Jain: 
But then in addition to that there are other costs, there are wheeling charges, there are T&D 
losses. There will be at least, our agreement is minimum 50 paisa saving or actual whichever is 
higher.  
Tushar: 
We can expect savings from 5 to 15 Cr annually.  
Sachit Jain: 
Yes, correct.  
Tushar: 
And the new plant is coming live December ‘25 or December ‘24 if you could.  
Sachit Jain: 
Dec‘24. It's all dependent on government approvals coming in place for the connectivity and so 
on. So, our contract is in December ‘24. But maybe there could be a delay of a couple of months. 
So, let's say safely by March ‘25.  
Tushar: 
So, the benefits we can see from the next fiscal year, right? 
Sachit Jain: 
This is why the confidence of increasing the range of EBITDA per ton.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ayan Sharma from B&K Securities. 
Ayan Sharma: 
Congratulations on the good news. I had a few questions regarding the gross profit per kg 
actually. We see that it has improved to be Rs. 35 per kg. So, how long do we expect this to 
continue and how much of this benefit is from lower RM benefit and how much is from a better 
mix benefit?  
Sachit Jain: 
Very difficult, we don't share all those things. See each one factor leads to several other factors 
also. Lower raw material cost may mean higher power cost and lower yield, so all those costs 
change. It's a complex whole and we don't. That's why we don't share those numbers. We talk 
about a range, and we are saying whether the range is going up or the range is going down. So, 
our stated range is Rs. 7,000 to Rs. 10,000. This quarter we got Rs. 11,000 which is higher than 
our range and we are saying therefore do not look at 11,000. Go back to 7 to 10 as the expected 
range for this financial year.  
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Anike Redkar, our shareholder.   
Aniket Redkar: 
Just wanted to understand as how does the current industry landscapes appear as we are seeing 
that the current anticipated demand from automotive sector is improving.  
Sachit Jain: 
Correct. You are right, the automotive sector is improving. So, what is the question?  
Aniket Redkar: 
What are our steps in terms of this improvement in the automotive sector? How are we going to 
take this?  

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Sachit Jain: 
We are improving our capacity. We are adding to our quality, capability, our quality sustaining 
and the measuring systems which have quality assurance. A new non-destructive testing line is 
in place. All the CAPEX that we're making is in line with that and more sophisticated R&D 
equipment that not many steel companies have. So, we have added those kind of equipment. 
Thanks to our partners Aichi we know what equipment to have and then we synchronize those 
equipment as per Aichi’s readings and we get training from there Aichi people to run those 
machines, to use those machines effectively. So, that's what we are doing, preparing for more 
and more auto companies, more EV requirement which means better quality steels, cleaner steel, 
lighter steels. Similarly for hybrids also in the future. So, the requirement of steel is going to be 
lighter, stronger and cleaner steels. And that's where we are working towards. Have I answered 
your question?  
Aniket Redkar: 
 Sorry, this was not my question.  
Sachit Jain: 
Anyway, I have probably answered the question. Next question please.  
Aniket Redkar: 
Just to follow up on the power question on the solar front. As we see our total power and fuel 
cost, what all is included in that power and fuel cost if you could help me? 
Sachit Jain: 
Primarily power and fuel, it includes gas that we use. Natural gas.  
Aniket Redkar: 
That's all? 
Sachit Jain: 
And last year there was some furnace oil and a little bit of diesel also was there.  
Aniket Redkar: 
What ballpark number? What would be our power consumption units if you could any given 
point? 
Sachit Jain: 
Power consumption roughly 800 units per ton of steel.  
Aniket Redkar: 
I guess I missed on the debt question that I asked, what is the number? 
Sachit Jain: 
Our debt figures are 0.12 debt equity.  
Aniket Redkar: 
Yes. So, we have significantly paid off our debt in this financial year. So, what is the future 
outlook for debt? 
Sachit Jain: 
CAPEX of about 370 crores pending roughly. About 380 crores CAPEX pending. So, of course 
we will have some incremental debt coming in.  
Aniket Redkar: 
I hope we might not cross 0.2-0.3 debt to equity.  

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Sachit Jain: 
Certainly not, we won't cross 0.3. And within 3 years we should be down to 0.1 in current 
CAPEX plans.  
Aniket Redkar: 
0.1 by? 
Sachit Jain: 
We will be back to 0.1 in the next 3 years. But I am repeating this is the current CAPEX plan. 
The moment we announce a new CAPEX plan which would perhaps be either forging or a new 
steel plant. Then there'll be separate CAPEX starting for that. Starting with purchase of land and 
then it's a different process to start altogether. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital.   
Rahil Shah: 
Just a question for the FY25 guidance, what have we guiding in terms of overall volume and 
revenue?  
Sachit Jain: 
Volume will be around 220,000 to 230,000 tons. We are seeing 210 to 215 in ‘24-25 and to 220 
to 230 in the year ‘25-26 and about 235 to 250 in the year ‘26-27. 
Rahil Shah: 
 And bright bars capacity currently I believe is it 48,000 tons per annum? 
Sachit Jain: 
Yes.  
Rahil Shah: 
And so, what are we expecting it to go to by next year? 
Sachit Jain: 
In the next 3 years we will take it up to about 60,000. Again, most will be done in 2 years’ time, 
but it may spill over to the third year. Most of our CAPEX should be finished by the year ‘25- 
26.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Anil Kumar, an individual investor.   
Anil Kumar: 
My question is regarding any plan for dilution of equity regarding the Aichi and by when we 
plan for our next green plant project? 
Sachit Jain: 
Anil, we have already committed to Aichi that whenever they want to increase their stake, they 
can increase the stake, so we have no plans. They have to decide when they want to increase the 
stake. So, that could happen later this year. It would happen next year depends on them. The 
company does not need any more equity at this point in time. However, once the CAPEX plan 
starts for the new project, hopefully my hope is by end of this year we will take this decision. 
We should be able to take the decisions, buy the land and then we start the process. And before 
we take significant CAPEX decisions, I would like to though we may not need to raise capital 
but I would like to secure our equity capital. But we will definitely need dilution whenever we 
put up a new plant. So, whether dilution happens just to Aichi, and we do rights issue, we do a 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
small QIP, all those things are factors which the board will consider. But clearly for the kind of 
CAPEX that we require we will need a dilution at some stage.  
Anil Kumar: 
After this completion of this year the picture will be clear I think. 
Sachit Jain: 
May happen this year itself. I don't know. I am just saying. But yes, you are right in all probability 
the clarity will happen more by roughly 9 months to 1 year from now we will be in a much 
clearer situation once we complete all our studies, and we are able to show. I mean I am 
convinced we need to put up a new plant. But we have to convince, have everything on paper, 
proper studies done and so on, so that everyone is convinced everyone in board.  
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Aman Agarwal from Avekshat Financial advisors.   
Aman Agarwal: 
I am saying Aichi Japan has been working with us as strategically partners from last 3.5 years 
so that they have been guiding us to improving the capacity and all those things in training our 
employees and processes. So, my question is regarding that in future you have given guidance 
that you will improve the EBITDA from 7 to 10 to next 2 to 3 years by 11-12. So, my question 
is that will it possible to charge such kind of margins from our suppliers as they are on board 
strategically and all those things as from small OEMs to these global clients?  
Sachit Jain: 
We are not charging anything from our suppliers. Similarly, we are not talking of increasing the 
pricing to any customer. We are talking about internal improvements and protecting the current 
spreads. If the current spreads between raw material prices and selling prices get protected then 
with the internal improvements that are already on the anvil then we should be able to reach 
these numbers.  
Aman Agarwal: 
My understanding is that you are not increasing the charges from your supplier. You are 
improving internal processes and maintaining the spread between the commodity charges.  
Sachit Jain: 
As long as the spread is maintaining. If the spread gets compressed because of market situations 
then we will be at the lower end of that range and if spreads increase because of market 
conditions and the range will be at the upper end of the range.  
Aman Agarwal:  
That's why my question is that because commodity prices are not in our control. 
Sachit Jain: 
That is why we always give a range. We are under pressure very often by analysts that ‘please 
do wider range, give a narrower range or give a target’. So, we are very clear. Because of 
commodity nature of this industry and the variability, there will always be a range. Yes. As we 
improve operations and as we become more confident of our performance, we are able to 
increase this range. So, if you recall if you've been following us. For the people who've been 
following our company for some time, earlier our range was Rs. 4,500 to Rs. 6,000 of EBITDA 
per ton. Then we change it to 5,000 to 7,000. Then we change it to 6,000 to 8,000. Then we 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
May 02, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
change it to 7,000 to 10,000 and now we are saying we are changing it to Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 11,000 
EBITDA but from ‘25-26. We could have done it this year also. But this year since we have 
shutdowns coming, we are not that confident. And we still have a capacity problem in rolling. 
So, we will still have to go outside to do outside rolling. Some margin is going to go out there 
which will come back to the company in ‘25-26.  
Aman Agarwal: 
As you said in future, we have a plan for forging and new steel plant. So, for that do we have 
any discussion with the existing partners and Aichi for these things or we will be looking for 
onwards only? 
Sachit Jain: 
No. Everything that we do is do with our partner. It will be incorrect to say we have plans. I said 
you started studying, discussing these things. So, it will be incorrect to say we have plans to get 
into forging. We have started the process of studying.  
Aman Agarwal: 
But then it will take 3 to 4 years.  
Sachit Jain: 
I just said we have started the process of studies. If the studies conclude fast, we will take action 
fast, if studies take time we might take a decision later. We might decide after the studies. No, it 
doesn't make sense to go. The decision has not been taken. We have started studying these 
markets. So, that's why I don't have any timeline that I can share with you at this point. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sachit Jain for closing comments. Over to you sir.  
Sachit Jain: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for attending our call and for your confidence. I 
sincerely hope that this new benchmark that we are setting of Rs. 8,000 to Rs. 11,000 EBITDA 
per ton and then aspirationally 9,000 to 12,000, we are able to meet that. And I am confident 
with the good work our teams are doing, especially both our EDs Mr. Rewari and Soumya and 
the entire management team with them as well as our workforce. With this thing and with our 
partners Aichi, I feel pretty confident that with the demand situation improving, with this focus 
on green steel, we are sitting on a very interesting opportunity. So, we hope to take advantage 
of that, and we will be here to answering your questions over the next few years. Thank you so 
much.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Choice Equity Broking Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
