          CIN NO: L63040MH2005PLC158404 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: YATRA  
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
Manager - CRD 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 543992 
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Intimation – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed 
herewith the copy of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2024.  
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at www.yatra.com.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
Darpan Batra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A15719 
 
Encl.: as above 
DARPAN 
BATRA
Digitally signed by 
DARPAN BATRA 
Date: 2024.06.06 
22:16:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Yatra Online Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earning Conference Call” 
May 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHRUV SHRINGI -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – YATRA ONLINE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHAN MITTAL -- GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH HEMRAJANI – VICE PRESIDENT, 
CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – YATRA ONLINE, INC. 
 
MODERATOR:  
MS. DWANI SHAH -- INVESTEC CAPITAL SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Yatra Online Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call hosted by Investec Capital Services. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Dwani Shah from Investec Capital Services. Thank you 
and over to you ma'am. 
Dwani Shah: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining the Yatra Q4 FY '24 earnings conference call. 
Before we begin let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in 
today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. 
Such statements are based on management beliefs, as well as assumptions made by and 
information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose 
of today's earnings call is to purely educate and bring awareness about the company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review. 
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. Dhruv Shringi, Whole 
Time Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rohan Mittal, Group CFO and Mr. Manish 
Hemrajani, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. Without any 
further delay, I request Mr. Dhruv Shringi to start with his opening remarks. Thank you. And 
over to you, sir 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Thank you Dwani and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for our fourth 
quarter and fiscal year 2024 earnings call. We are pleased to report a solid 2024 fiscal year with 
an annual reported revenue of INR 4.2 billion up 10% year-over-year with Air passenger 
volumes up 24% nearly double the industry growth rate of 12%. 
 
For FY '24, we largely met or exceeded all our analyst expectations. On a quarterly basis, gross 
bookings expanded 12% year-over-year in the fourth quarter of FY '24, driven by a 13.5% 
growth in Air gross bookings. This growth was fuelled by a robust rebound in international 
travel. Additionally, our EBITDA margin expanded to INR 108.3 million from INR 44.5 million 
in the previous quarter. 
EBITDA Margin improvement was approximately 7% sequentially reaching 13% EBITDA 
margin in the current quarter, due to optimization of customer inducement costs in the B2C 
business and a strong recovery in the corporate business. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Overall, from a domestic Air Passenger volume perspective, the quarter was soft due to supply 
side constraints with the largest airline in the country having taken out capacity for engine repairs 
related issues. We expect supply side constraints to start improving in the second half of the year 
in fact the indication we have is that starting August we'll start seeing some easing of supply 
side constrains and by the same quarter of next year we expect almost 100 to 150 incremental 
aircrafts being in operation. 
 
For the quarter ended 31st March 2024, we reported revenues of INR 1.07 billion, down 10% 
year-over-year and adjusted revenue of INR 1.8 billion down 6% year-over-year. This decline 
was largely due to the impact of a catch-up income in the same quarter of last year, while coming 
out of COVID and that catch-up income was up approximately INR 119 million, excluding that 
benefit and comparing on a like-for-like basis, revenue was up 7% year-over-year and adjusted 
revenue grew 4% year-over-year. 
Our strategy to balance our consumer and corporate business while focusing efforts more on the 
profitable corporate business has resulted in a favourable business mix for us. During the fiscal 
year of 2024, we signed 83 new corporate customers, which translates into annual billing 
potential of INR 5.4 billion. In the March quarter alone, we signed 25 new corporate customers. 
And as mentioned in the prior quarters during the year, we landed numerous deals with large 
and industry-leading companies like Aramco and during this reporting quarter as well, just to 
give you a few examples, we won two large MNC customers, signed up a large private sector 
bank, a large pharma company and one of India's largest manufacturing conglomerates. 
Our consistent wins and high customer retention provides concrete evidence of our team's 
relentless pursuit to expand our corporate share and provide service excellence. Furthermore to 
expand the TAM that we are addressing we have also looked at building out new products and 
services. One of the products and services that we are expanding and we launched recently is an 
expense management solution. This solution stands out for its utilization of cutting edge 
technologies including Gen-AI, large language models for receipt analysis. 
 
And unlike traditional OCR technology this ensures much more accurate and comprehensive 
expense tracking significantly reducing errors and saving time for our customers. Additionally, 
it features an integrated chatbot based on GenAI and RAG models. This solution not only meets 
market demand, but also anticipates future needs. Our expense management solution is designed 
to grow with our clients offering scalability and flexibility as their businesses evolve.  
We now have the opportunity to cross-sell this solution to our already large and well-established 
corporate and SME customer base and I'll discuss this in greater detail later in my remarks as 
well.  
Now let me provide you with some more details on our fourth quarter.  

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Travel volumes in the IT sector continue to remain soft in the fourth quarter. However, we are 
pleased to announce that volumes in the corporate segment overall are now back to pre-COVID 
levels and with IT softness being offset by our customer wins earlier in the year starting to online 
and picking up volume from other sectors. 
 
We are increasingly optimistic about our ability to grow our corporate business through new 
customer wins and the potential of cross-selling new products such as expense management in 
the future. Incidentally in the current quarter we've already begun to see recovery in most of our 
IT services customers as well. I would also like to take the time to highlight some of our recent 
strategic initiatives to expand our market and growth potential. 
 
In the recent months we have from an engineering and technology standpoint launched a new 
and improved user interface on our domestic site search platform. This enhancement is designed 
to provide a more seamless and intuitive booking experience for our customers, driving greater 
engagement. One of the key features of this new UI is the focus on upselling ancillary products 
and multiple fare types to our customers giving them incremental convenience and driving 
further revenue for us. 
 
These products include premium seats, travel insurance, additional baggage allowance, the 
ability to offset carbon footprint and by integrating these offerings more prominently in the 
booking process we aim to not only enhance the overall travel experience, but also increase our 
revenue streams. The revamped UI is not just about adding new features. It also includes 
significant improvement in functionality and design. The new layouts faster loading times and 
enhanced search capabilities make the booking process smoother and more efficient for 
customers. We have also incorporated personalized recommendations based on customer 
preferences and booking history further enhancing the user experience.  
Additionally, on the corporate side we have launched a new guest house booking platform for 
corporate customers. This new service is designed to provide companies with convenient and 
comfortable accommodation options and also for large corporate customers who already have a 
number of guest houses within their portfolio. It allows them to optimize their lodging costs.  
To further touch upon the capabilities of the expense management solution that I touched upon 
earlier, this multi-level approval, this solution has multiple benefits including multi-level 
approval processes which are tailored to meet specific company requirements. It seamlessly 
integrates with ERP systems and has advanced analytics powered by a Power BI dashboard. It 
also provides deep insights for comprehensive expense analysis. It's supported by a mobile 
application on both the android and the iOS platform. It has expense auditing, integration with 
Google APIs for mileage tracking and split expense capabilities. Expense management is a large 
and highly profitable segment and our product capabilities make it a product that is suitable not 
just for the Indian market, but for international markets as well.  

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Our initial response from customers has been very encouraging and this solution allows us to 
further deepen our relationship with our customers and it also provides us with an opportunity 
to differentiate our offering from our competitors by effectively offering a bundled pricing to 
our customers. 
 
In terms of team expansion, we recently brought on board a senior executive who until recently 
was the CEO of one of the largest corporate travel companies in the country as our Chief 
Business Officer for new business development. He will be responsible for building and further 
enhancing Yatra's mid-market and SME corporate travel proposition and developing new 
solutions for visa facilitation and car rentals for business travellers thereby delivering further 
financial growth for the company.  
He brings with him a wealth of experience and capabilities that will be fundamental to helping 
us accelerate our presence in the mid-market travel management space. In addition, we've also 
built out a team that is focused on the highly profitable MICE segment and the initial traction of 
this is very encouraging. While these additions have led to an increase in salary cost in the 
quarter under discussion, we expect the benefits of these expansions to start accruing in the very 
near term itself.  
Now turning to the broader economic landscape. As per the Reserve Bank of India, despite 
subdued global economic activity and multiple headwinds the Indian economy expanded 
impressively with real GDP growth accelerating to 7.6% in fiscal year 2024 from 7% in the 
previous year. This is third successive year of 7% or above growth. The RBI further highlighted 
in its recent report that the easing of supply chain pressure, broad-based opening and core 
inflation and early indications of an above-normal monsoon augur well for the inflation outlook 
in 2024-25.  
The domestic economy is poised for high growth and on the back of this higher growth and 
incremental disposable income we continue to expect strong growth in the travel ecosystem as 
a whole. While there have been short-term pressures on account of supply side constraints in 
domestic aviation, we expect these pressures to ease off in the second half of the current fiscal 
year. 
 
In the March 2024 quarter there was a total of 39.2 million passengers travelling domestically 
in India. This is close to an all-time high demonstrating the strong and still growing Indian 
aviation sector. As mentioned previously, religious travel is a huge and growing sector in India 
with tens of millions of tourists visiting popular religious sites and the improvement in 
infrastructure is enabling this to grow further with the Ministry of Tourism quoting a 
compounded annual growth rate of 16% from 2023 to 2030 for religious travel. 
 
In addition to seeing growth in domestic travel, India is also one of the fastest-growing countries 
in terms of outbound travel. In 2022, India surpassed China, South Korea and Japan as the largest 
source market for outbound travellers in Asia and is still growing rapidly. In a recently published 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
report in the ITB Berlin, India experienced an impressive year-over-year rise of 190% for Indian 
outbound travellers in 2022 a sharp recovery post-COVID. 
 
With this backdrop of a strong economic landscape we are witnessing the transformation of our 
country amid a bounce-back in both corporate and leisure travel while discretionary spending 
remains on the rise. We are confident in our market and financial position and remain very 
optimistic about a strong year ahead. We continue to expect to benefit from the accelerating 
growth in our corporate and consumer business as we work to repeatedly win new corporate 
customers and build up further value for our brand. 
 
We have seen improving supply and margins and continue to expect further improvement in the 
quarters ahead, meaningfully contributing to our operating performance going forward. With 
that, let me hand it over to Rohan to walk you through the details of the financial performance. 
Rohan Mittal: 
Thank you Dhruv. Good morning to everybody. I will now review our numbers for the quarter 
ended 31st March 2024 followed by the full-year fiscal 2024 results. We delivered a strong 
quarter with a 12% Y-o-Y growth in our gross bookings to INR 19.9 billion accounting for one-
time cost of listing expenses in Q2 we have delivered a second consecutive year of  PAT positive. 
 
Our air gross bookings grew by 13.5% on a Y-o-Y basis for the quarter ended March 31st while 
our H&P hotel and packages gross bookings grew by 5% on a Y-o-Y level. Our overall adjusted 
margin for the quarter was at INR 1.57 billion. Our adjusted margin percentage has remained 
range-bound this year with air ticketing at 7.3% in Q4 and hotel and package margins at 13.1%.  
Moving on to the expenses, marketing sales promotion expenses including consumer promotion, 
loyalty program as a percentage of the total gross booking for the quarter came in at 4.85% 
which is lower by about 100 bps versus previous year same quarter. Our personal expenses 
excluding the share-based payment expenses increased by 20% on a Y-o-Y basis. This is on 
account of a one-time investment in talent which Dhruv explained to build out certain additional 
business lines for Yatra. 
 
Other costs have remained largely range bound compared to the year ago quarter. On an overall 
basis, the adjusted EBITDA stands at INR 155 million as compared to INR 239 million in the 
quarter ended March 23 and versus quarter three FY’24 100 million. For the full year ended 
March 31 2024 we reported a revenue of INR 4.2 billion. This shows a 11% growth in FY24 
versus FY23.  
On a full-year basis our gross booking values increased by about 13% to INR 76 billion in FY24. 
Our overall adjusted margin for the full year was INR 5.9 billion which is up by 5% compared 
to FY23. For the full year our adjusted margin percentages for air and hotel and business have 
again remained range-bound at 7% and 13% respectively. Coming down to profitability our 
adjusted EBITDA for the entire year has come in at INR 534 million.  

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Lastly, as of March 31, 2024 we were carrying cash and cash equivalents equivalent to INR 4.1 
billion. Our gross debt as of March 31, 2024 was INR 638 million compared to INR 1.53 billion 
as of March 31, 2023. It is down by INR 890 million on a Y-o-Y basis. With this, we conclude 
our prepared remarks. I would like to hand it over to the moderator for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec Capital Services. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Hi, good morning. If you could give us a sense of both consumer and corporate performance for 
the year and how has it sort of evolved from a growth and margin perspective. If you could also 
sort of contextualize considering that corporate has been on a recovery path how it is and also it 
would be great if considering it's the end of the year, if you could give us a comparison on the 
mix versus year-on-year basis? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Good morning, Nitin, and thank you for your question. So in terms of the overall business, firstly 
we've seen strong recovery happening both in terms of corporate and consumer. And if you were 
to strip out the one-time effect last year then effectively we are seeing both businesses growing 
in the late double digits. Corporate in terms of profitability has grown almost 65%-70% and on 
B2C as well we are seeing significant improvement in growth.  
What we've seen overall from a year point of view is that in the second half of the year, we've 
started seeing on the corporate travel front gradual recovery and the new wins that we've had 
begin to kick in. So the exit is obviously much better than where we were in the earlier quarters 
and this trend carries forward into the current quarter as well.  
On the B2C side, I think the B2C side while we've been focused more on driving operational 
profitability, there is some volume challenge on the B2C side especially given the supply-side 
constraints. So, on B2C we are focused on improving margins and farming the existing customer 
base given that volume growth is going to be tempered because of supply side constraints. The 
supply-side constraint has also led to an increase in air ticket pricing and we see pricing being 
relatively on the higher side in the current quarter. 
So I would expect in the current fiscal year as well growth to be led by corporate from a profit 
growth point of view and B2C would be more of an enabler from a profitability perspective, but 
the larger growth will come from the corporate business. In terms of your last point on the mix, 
our mix today from a pure revenue standpoint it will be almost about 45% coming in from 
corporate and 55% coming in from B2C. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Perfect. That's helpful. Thank you so much and I'll get back into the queue.  
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly wanted to understand from you the guidance for next year. 
So, you indicated last time that we are going to see around INR 20 crores of profitability from 
1Q onwards. Is that still stands? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
We continue to work towards that Anmol. We've seen good recovery happening in our 
businesses, while there is a slight impact on account of the slowdown in the capacity, capacity 
constraints continue to be a bit of a challenge on the B2C side. We are seeing good recovery 
happening on the corporate side as well and some of the benefits of the newer teams that we've 
put in place, those are also beginning to kick in. 
And we should see some impact of that in the current quarter and more so in the July, August, 
September quarter. So from our perspective we continue to work towards that. We are maybe 
looking at numbers in that range only. 
 
We might be slightly off on that, but we are trying to see how we can exploit. There are certain 
levers that we are trying to work on to see that we get to the INR 20 crore number from an 
adjusted point of view. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure, that's helpful, Dhruv. Secondly, I wanted to understand on our receivable front. So, 
receivable days have increased very strongly for the fourth quarter. Now, I understand that our 
corporate business is recovering, but I wanted to have outlook from you that as IT recovers again 
in June quarter, can we assume further increase in receivable days from here on? 
 
Or do you think that this is the range where we will operate at? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
We are now back to a more or less normalized receivable days. So, we shouldn't see receivable 
days going up meaningfully from the current levels. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. Secondly, I wanted to understand that what steps are we taking for growing our hotel 
business given that the volumes were a bit subdued as compared to the last year? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes. So, this year, for example, one of our key agenda items of the business is to grow our share 
of hotels, both on B2C and on the corporate side. And for that reason, we've put together, firstly, 
there is a team which has also come on Board to support growth of hotels. 
 
They focus largely on hotels for corporate travel. So, that's one thing that we are looking at right 
now. And we are also actively pitching hotels to our current corporate customers. 
 
So, we should see meaningful improvement and growth happening on hotels in the second half 
of this year as the teams that we've put in place start delivering the numbers that have been 
projected out for them. So, hotels is going to be a key focus area for us. There is work which is 
being done in terms of enhancing our hotel platform as well in the background. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
So, that's another big change which we are currently undertaking to modernize and enhance our 
hotel platform. And this is the platform which is used by thousands of hotels across the country 
to manage their rates and inventory. So, hotels would be a key growth area for us. 
 
And you'll start seeing meaningful improvement in this beginning to happen starting the July, 
August, and September quarter. 
Anmol Garg: 
Sure. And I have a last bookkeeping question for Rohan if I can squeeze in. So, Rohan, in our 
PPT, we have highlighted our finance cost as INR 66 million while on the BSE release. It is 
indicated as INR 42 million. 
 
So, what is this difference related to? And also, if there is an item highlighted as INR 49 million 
in the other income, which is apart from the finance cost, what is this related to? 
Rohan Mittal: 
So, the difference in the finance cost that you're seeing is primarily the non-cash accounting 
adjustments on Forex. That's about INR 200 million. Sorry, INR 20 million. 
 
Could you please repeat the second question again? 
Anmol Garg: 
So, there is an item in our presentation which is INR 49 million, which is other income apart 
from the finance income. So, what is that related to? 
Rohan Mittal: 
The other income other than finance income would typically be provisions that were carried in 
the prior years, which are no longer required. 
Anmol Garg: 
Okay. Would these provisions be related to any bankruptcy related airlines that we have seen in 
the past? 
Rohan Mittal: 
No. 
Anmol Garg: 
Okay. Sure. 
Rohan Mittal: 
This is regular accounting, wherein in a certain period, we may take a certain provisional cost. 
This is the fact pattern that is available to us at that point in time. And obviously, all this is 
governed by prudent conservative accounting standards, which may get reversed in the 
subsequent quarter. So, it's nothing else. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the air ticketing revenue side. 
 
So, there was a mention of GDS bonus been there in the last quarter, last year, same quarter, 
which was not available this year. Now, I would like to understand, isn't the bonus supposed to 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
be a recurring activity? I mean, you do get a bonus end of the year from the GDS, from the 
airline, if you deliver a certain number of volumes. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Swapnil, let me just firstly address that. It's not that the bonus wasn't available in the current 
year. In the prior year, what had happened was, because there was COVID disruption in the 
middle, we couldn't accrue the bonus for the previous years because there was no trending of 
volume. 
 
But as the business recovered strongly last year, there was catch up of prior year bonus as well. 
So, it's not that the bonus has gone away from the contract. It's just that last year had a catch up 
of multiple years of bonus being accrued, that's the only difference. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. But going ahead, will there be such scenarios wherein we will have…? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, This will still continue to be there in the normal course of the business now. There won't be 
multiple years of catch up being recorded in one particular year. That's the only difference. 
 
Now, this is again back to normalized levels and we'll continue to see this going forward as well. 
So, it's not that that part has disappeared from the contract. It's just a case of in the previous year, 
there were 2-3 years of catch up which were recorded because the trending improved in the year. 
 
Let's say, if you look at realistically 2021, 2022, there wasn't enough fact pattern from a trending 
point of view to accrue bonus in that contract. But in 2023, as volume recovered, the fact pattern 
changed and it was evident that we would end up meeting the terms of the contract. And that's 
why then the bonus got recognized. 
 
So, it's only a multi-year catch up which happened last year and nothing else. Otherwise, it 
continues on a normalized basis. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. Got it. The second question is on your reported EBITDA and the EBITDA which you 
have shown in the PPT. 
 
Now, there I see a meaningful difference between your BSE filings and PPT because other 
expenses in the PPT are shown as INR 75 crores versus if I were to add up the numbers from 
the BSE filings, it comes to around INR 82 crores. So, that's INR 7 crore difference is there. And 
I'm unable to understand why that number should be there. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, Rohan, can I request you to take that? 
Rohan Mittal: 
So, sorry, which file are you referring to? I mean, other expenses in our SEBI filing for the 
quarter is INR 25.47 crores. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
No, if you see, if you add up the numbers, marketing expenses, employee expenses and 
everything, that number comes up to around INR 82 crores, whereas your slide number 12 shows 
operating expenses as INR 75 crores. And there is a difference of INR 7 crores? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Rohan Mittal: 
I'll have to just check this once and get back to you offline, maybe. There is no error in the slide 
that much I can confirm to you. SEBI filings are obviously audited. There is no error in the slide. 
We'll just help you understand the difference in the numbers separately, maybe. Is that okay? 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
This has been the case for the last 1or 2 quarters also. There is always a slight difference between 
what you report on the PPT and what's there in this filing. So, that is one thing that, if you can 
clarify going ahead as well, that would be helpful. 
Rohan Mittal: 
Let's connect immediately at around 11.05 as soon as the call ends. And we'll clarify this just to 
be very, sure and very clear. If you look at the PPT numbers, the revenue from operations is the 
starting point and the PAT number is the end point. The numbers are exactly matching with the 
SEBI filings. We'll help you understand the difference that you are seeing. That difference 
should be explainable. 
 
So, we'll connect at 11.05 one-on-one and we'll help you understand that. And going forward, 
what we'll try and do is we'll discuss internally if there is any improvement to be done on our 
investor presentation. We take that feedback positively. We'll take that into consideration going 
forward as well. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Definitely. And the second point is with respect to the other income portion that you show in the 
EBITDA again. Now, this is something disproportionately improves your EBITDA because INR 
4.9 crores of EBITDA on a reported number of INR 10.8 crores is meaningful and that too for 
something for which provisions would have been taken in the past. 
 
And these write-backs might happen in any quarter. There's nothing related to your day-to-day 
business activities. So, I am unable to just reconcile as to why should we be showing those 
numbers in our EBITDA numbers and then that disproportionately shows a higher EBITDA than 
what the actual number would be? 
Rohan Mittal: 
There's a slight disconnect here. The provisions that get released are entirely related to our 
business expenses. In reality, they should have gone to revenue from operations because in the 
period in which that provision was taken, it was shown as an expense. It was not shown and 
therefore the EBITDA was lower by that much amount. 
 
So, when that provision is getting released in future basis fact pattern, then it has to be included 
in our adjusted EBITDA. These are not non-business activity related income. Our finance 
income is something which sits outside and therefore it is excluded from our conversation. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay, Rohan. I'll check with you offline. 
Rohan Mittal: 
Just to be clear, these are not non-cash items or accounting entries. I want to be super clear about 
that. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Sure Rohan. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
One part of my question is already clarified. The second question was with regards to some of 
the volume numbers that you share on the hotel business side. What I see is that the Q4, FY’23 
volume numbers that you share on the hotel nights, while the implied numbers, given your earlier 
numbers, don't seem to catch up. So, I just wanted to clarify if there is some restatement on that 
front. 
 
The second question was with regards to the state rates that we see in the business as well as the 
increase in the customer acquisition cost in the course of FY’24. If you could comment as to 
how you see this playing out over the foreseeable future? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sorry, I had a hard time hearing that. Could you repeat the second part of your question please? 
Manik Taneja: 
So, my first question was with regards to the hotel volume night numbers. When I see the year-
on-year comparison, those numbers seem to be different from what was reported last year. And 
thereby, I just tried to confirm if there is some restatement on that front. That's question number 
one. 
 
The second question was with regards to the increase in customer acquisition cost that we've 
seen happen through the course of FY’24, especially on the Airline side. If you could give us 
some commentary on that front as well as how should we be thinking about our adjusted take 
rate from the Airline's business over the foreseeable future? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, let me address the first part. Sorry, the second part, which is on the Airline take rates. Then 
Rohan can respond to the first part of the question. On the air take rates, there has been some 
competitive intensity which has been there in the last 6 months to 9 months now, led by one of 
the players in the category. 
 
And on account of that, air inducement cost has remained slightly at elevated levels. But we 
have taken the view, especially in the last quarter and now more so in the current quarter and 
going forward, our view is that on the B2C side of things, we will focus more on profit 
enhancement rather than volume growth. 
 
Our volume growth will come more from the corporate side of the business. So, on the B2C 
side, we will continue to look at optimizing our customer inducement cost going forward. We've 
already started doing that in the last quarter. We've further accelerated that in the current quarter 
and will continue to do so. 
 
Because I do feel that on the customer inducement cost, these short-term steps that are taken at 
times by competition might lead to volume increases in the near term, but these are not 
permanent volume gains that happen. So, I would rather focus on driving more cross-sell from 
our corporate customer base, focus on driving faster growth on our corporate side, where at least 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
the customer wins that we make are sustainable in nature rather than delve into incremental 
inducement cost on the consumer side. 
 
With regards to the take rates on the air front, air take rates have remained a bit muted right now 
because of supply side constraints. We do expect that as the supply side constraints improve in 
the second half of the year, with more capacity being brought back both from Indigo and 
incremental supply that's being added by Air India and Akasa, we do expect air take rates to 
improve a little bit in the second half of the year. 
Manik Taneja: 
So, just to, essentially applaud you on that response. So, I do understand that there will be some 
incremental supply that will come through in the course of FY’25 and because of which you are 
expecting that the take rates in the year business go up. But at a very fundamental level, given 
the way we've seen consolidation in the space and the top two players almost now hunting for 
90% of the market, don't you see that as a risk, especially with regards to the commission that 
we earn from the Airline business going forward? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, on the B2C side, there is hardly any commission that comes from the Airline. What's part of 
the commission earning or the earnings on B2C come from convenience fee that is paid by the 
customer. The same convenience fee or similar convenience fee is charged by all peers and by 
the airline direct websites as well. 
 
So, I don't think that there is any further impact of this on the earnings on the air front. There 
will be some improvement because typically what will happen is as capacity gets increased, the 
Airlines also need support in filling out the incremental capacity. And for filling out the 
incremental capacity, you do then get higher take rates and payouts from the Airline. 
 
That's typically how the model will evolve. I do completely agree with you that the model in 
terms of raw commission payouts on domestic airline especially has changed quite meaningfully 
over the last decade. But the move has been a reduction on the supplier side payments and a 
higher payout on the customer side. 
 
So, there is a platform fee and a convenience fee which gets levied to the customers and 
customers are willing to pay for it. We've been seeing this now for the last 7 years, 8 years. 
Consumers are open to paying for the convenience of getting an aggregated platform where they 
can compare all their different flight options. 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next. The next question is from Pulavarthi Sai Kiran an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Just one question. Do you foresee in the next couple of years to be a market share gainer, in the 
air ticketing space? And what are your thoughts about it and what could drive, if any, in terms 
of market share gains? You've mentioned that once the supply increases in the new ticketing 
revenue, increases. However, assume that things stand as they are. Do you see meaningful 
market share gainers in the segment as such? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, we continue to gain meaningful share on the corporate travel side and our endeavor would 
be to accelerate that growth rate on the corporate travel side. So, we will continue to see share 
gain happening on the corporate side. On the B2C side, I would expect us to maintain share, but 
I would not look at significant share gains on the B2C side. 
 
Our endeavor, as the largest corporate travel player in the country, is to continue to strengthen 
our proposition over there by adding more products and services. So, have a much larger share 
of wallet of our corporate customer by cross-selling incremental products beyond just flights to 
hotels, car rentals, visas, MICE, for which we've expanded all these teams over the course of the 
last quarter. So, our endeavour would be to definitely gain a lot more market share on the 
corporate travel side and maintain share on the consumer side. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Can I ask you as a follow-up, what can break you in terms of incremental market share in the 
B2C business? Primarily, because if you look at the last 2-3 years, post-COVID, we have seen 
a meaningful jump from the retail or consumer spends on the travel and tourism, which is 
reflected across the segments, hotels or travels and everything. Assume that you are not 
participating in that growth in the best of the times of the industry. 
 
Are you losing out the opportunity? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, it is a growth at a particular cost, right? So, we think there are definitely other ways to 
participate in the growth and that opportunity. The employees of the corporate customers that 
we service, and there are in addition to almost now touching 7.5 million employees who are 
employed by the corporate customers that we service, right? 
 
These are the premium customers of India, the guys with high purchasing power, access to 
internet, digital forms of payment. This to me is the core consuming middle class of India, right? 
Each one of them supports a family of 4. 
 
On average, you're looking at 30 million customers out here. So, my focus would be in terms of 
farming this customer base out here. And I also feel the B2C market, it's not that the market is 
disappearing, right? 
 
So, by not participating in price competition, if for a quarter or two, when intensity is high, it 
does not mean that in the long-run, we will lose out on that, right? So, I feel it's better to just 
continue to participate through more effective and efficient means of customer acquisition than 
to do this through large scale discounting. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Understood. So I assume that the pricing, keeping it aside, what are the other factors which can 
help any organization in the B2C business to gain the market share? And if you have to do an 
analysis of yourself, where do you lack and what are your strengths? If you can just elaborate 
on that? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. So, beyond pricing, there are 2 other key factors which are there. One is in terms of brand 
recall, right? 
 
So, saliency plays a very important role in this category for top of mind perspective. And the 
Yatra brand continues to have one of the strongest brand recalls. In fact, the second highest brand 
recall in this category, right? 
 
So, brand recall for us continues to remain extremely high and that's a very big positive for us 
that drives a large amount of direct traffic to us. And that will continue to be there, right? So, we 
will continue to strengthen the brand as we go forward. 
 
The other element which is there is the customer experience and the service that we deliver. And 
on the customer experience side, I touched upon this in our prepared remarks around how we 
are working in terms of enhancing the user flow, in terms of adding more products and services 
to become truly a single one-stop shop for our corporate and our personal travellers. So, to that 
extent we continue to expand the product proposition that we have and make it easier for 
customers to book. 
 
There is another interesting facet that we've launched for premium leisure travellers, which is, 
you know, people who travel more frequently for leisure purposes as well. That's our Yatra 
Prime proposition. And if you become a member of that Prime proposition, then you don't have 
to pay a service fee or a convenience fee on every subsequent transaction. 
 
And we are seeing very strong traction on that Prime proposition as well. In addition, we 
continue to work with our partners, which are the leading banks in the countries, to put together 
interesting propositions for their credit card and debit card holders as well. So, there are multiple 
factors on which we continue to work beyond just raw price discounting to drive customer 
growth and customer satisfaction. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jayesh Shah from OHM Portfolio EQ Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Yes. My question is actually on your parent company, Yatra. I believe that's a mirror reflection 
in terms of the business of Yatra India. 
 
So optically, it trades at a big discount to the Indian stock. What are the ways in which we can 
resolve this thing? I do believe you've been doing share buybacks at the parent level, but is there 
any long-term solution? 
 
Because as an investor, one could see that the parent company is actually trading at a discount, 
which we are unable to buy beyond the LRF limits from a family office account. Thank you. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Right. So that's an interesting question, and maybe we can spend some time offline on that, 
because we are much more focused out here on the India operating entity. But if you want to 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
understand the dynamics, the trading dynamics of the whole go, we can set up a time to connect 
on that. 
 
But there is obviously a huge discount at which Hold Co trades right now, largely on account of 
lack of liquidity in that market. But we can connect offline to discuss that. 
Jayesh Shah: 
Sure. I would get in touch with Rohan and fix up. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes. Sure. Thank you. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from Prospero Tree Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is that quarter four revenue is affected due to one-
time accruals of the threshold bonus of GDS. Sir, I would like to understand whether any such 
negative surprises are there for the next year? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Not really. A lot of this which is there in terms of one-time effects and all came in on account of 
COVID. All of that is now firmly behind us, right? 
 
So there shouldn't really be anything now going forward. I mean, historically also, there weren't 
any such instances. Obviously, our industry went through a big disruption in those 3-year period 
in the middle. 
 
So some of it is just legacy of that which got addressed in fiscal '23. If you see fiscal '24, right, 
so the current fiscal year that we are debating, there is no such effect from a one-time perspective 
in this kind of fiscal year, and I don't foresee anything going forward either. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So the next year will be the normal year. There will be no negative or positive surprises involved, 
or it is likely to be happened? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, as I said, now we are in a more normalized environment, and I don't see any kind of surprise 
coming in, in a normalized environment. Now, obviously, there is some large disruption that 
happens on account of force of nature. That's not something that we can foresee. 
 
But in an as-is kind of scenario, we don't anticipate any kind of surprises. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Sir, I am an investor in both OTA listed companies. One is now more focusing on the 
profitability. Say, one OTA which is listed, the GBR of that company is INR 8,500 crore, and 
Yatra, it is around INR 7,600 crore. 
 
But when I compare the EBITDA of both the companies, one company which is now focusing 
on the profitability, their EBITDA is INR 228 crore, whereas our EBITDA is only INR 53 crore. 
So, is Yatra focusing only on the market share gain, or will there be a focus on the profitability 
also, or how the gain in the market share will convert it into profitability? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. So, our focus is on growing and rebuilding the corporate travel business. So, in the 
corporate travel business, where we are the market leaders, we will continue to expand our 
position and focus on driving profitability. 
 
So, this year, the focus will be on continuing to improve profitability as we go forward. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Because in the first conference call, I remember that I think the INR 20 crore rupees PBT or 
PAT was guided though it was only the guidance. But can we match that number or near to that 
number because of the current EBITDA? It does not seem that we can achieve that level. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, from an EBITDA point of view, if you look at the adjusted EBITDA, we feel that's a better 
measure of the business. The adjusted EBITDA in the current quarter is about INR 15.5 crores. 
And we think there is more growth opportunity and optimization of costs that we've done in the 
current quarter and continue to work towards. 
 
There are new teams that we've built out new lines of business that we have invested behind. 
And we should start seeing the effect of these coming in the very near term itself. So, I'm 
optimistic that we should be able to get to that number in the near term. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So, the profit will grow by increasing the revenue or by decreasing the cost because our costs 
are, since it's a fixed cost model, a very high fixed cost model. And so, the net remains very low. 
So, how we are thinking to grow? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, we are doing a combination of both. We continue to focus on improving both the business 
mix, the mix of our business, which is having a positive impact on the overall profitability of the 
company. So, it will happen through growth of revenue and optimization of cost. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
But in a B2B business, the employee cost is not on a higher side, sir? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
On the B2B business given that there is more technology enhancement and development that we 
are doing, plus the fact that we have built and like we've just mentioned, there's a new product 
that we've built out in the case of expense management. Now, if we were to go out and buy a 
company that was building this kind of solution, it would cost us tens of crores. Whereas this 
has been built in-house. 
 
So, there is a technology team that's focused on building out new products and solutions. 
Similarly, there are new lines of business that we've started, like MICE. There is more a team 
that we've built out for mid-market. 
 
These are all growth opportunities behind which we are investing at the moment. So, from that 
perspective, we will start seeing the benefits of this accrual in the relatively near term. So, in this 
fiscal year itself, you'll start seeing the benefits of these investments paying off. And that's how 
the profitability will improve. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Okay. Sir, my last question. I'm sorry. I will be in a queue. Thanks for the opportunity. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Dugar from SafeGainz Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
My question is around the service costs that are related to the H&P business. Is there some kind 
of seasonality or timing to that? And second question related to this, I mean to follow up on this 
one, the service costs are they directly related to the revenue booking that is your take rate or 
should they be considered as a separate cost base? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, the service cost is directly related to the holidays business and there will be seasonality. The 
two key holiday periods are the October to December period around Diwali Dussehra, and then 
again, the summer holiday season, which we are currently in. So, these are the periods in which 
service costs would be at a more elevated level but it's directly related to the revenue itself. So, 
there is no other pay in-service cost, it is directly linked to the volume of packages which are 
sold. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
So, would it be fair to adjust the service cost from your gross take rate that you report like 13%? 
If that is the case then when I look at the last four years, the net take rate is basically reduced 
from the gross take rate to the service cost. I find that the numbers are slightly reduced in this 
year. Any comments on that?  
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, when you say net take rate, are you looking at the adjusted margins?  
Himanshu Dugar: 
No, I mean, the gross take rate that you put in the PPT adjusting that for the service cost on a 
GBR basis. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sorry, I'm not clear on what you're trying to point towards.  
Himanshu Dugar: 
Around 13% of the gross take rate that you report, right? On the H&P side?  
Dhruv Shringi: 
Yes, on the HNB. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
Yes. And the service cost broadly works to 3% to 3.3%. If I look at the annual number. So, that 
indicates that over the last four years, I am talking about since FY '19 to FY '24 there seems to 
be a decline in the rate. I mean, are the service costs going up for you? Or the take rates seem to 
have slightly increased. So, does it mean that the service cost is going up? And if that is the case, 
how should we look at it for FY '25?  
Dhruv Shringi: 
Sure. Service cost is as a proportion of the holiday packages business. So, as the holiday 
packages business recovers, service cost is going in line with that. So, that's a function of the 
holiday package business recovering. After the two, three years in the middle the holiday 
packages were obviously at a much lower level. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
So, if holiday and package business managed to grow 15% in FY '25 would it mean that the 
service cost will go at the same ballpark? Or would it be a slightly higher number? 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Dhruv Shringi: 
No, it would go in the same ballpark. So, it will go in proportion to that. So, there are two things 
which are there. This is hotels and packages. So, if the standalone hotel sales grow then the 
service cost does not go up in line. If the packages business grows, the service cost grows in line 
with the packages business. So, the mix between standalone hotels and packages also impacts 
the ratio of service costs. But at the most fundamental level, service cost grows directly in 
proportion to the growth in packages business. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
Got it. The other question for me was around your, on the platform is it airlines business also 
being an important driver for the hotels and packages? Or the hotels and packages are separately 
booked versus the online ticket booking? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
So, typically, customers will book hotels and packages separately. We don't see too much 
bundling happening in India while this is a trend that does happen globally. In India, still, the 
trend is for people to book these individually. And the customer, obviously the air passenger 
does help from a pool point of view, which can be cross-sold to. But vast majority of these are 
then booked individually by customers not as part of the same booking process. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
Got it. Just one last point on this aspect. Are you also offering do-it-yourself kind of packages 
and build your own package kind of models also in your platform? 
Dhruv Shringi: 
That's right. So, we are offering customization to customers whereby they can create their own 
packages beyond the standardized package. In fact, vast majority of our sale is towards 
customized packages and not fixed departure packages. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
But overall, those would also have a similar take rate that there's no add-on that you are able to 
generate out of it, like additional revenue to generate out of it?  
Dhruv Shringi: 
No, the take rates are similar at this point. 
Himanshu Dugar: 
 Got it. Yes, that's it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dhruv Shringi: 
Thank you so much. Thank you for hosting the call. And thank you, everyone for joining us this 
afternoon or this morning, rather. We are available offline as well for any follow-up questions 
that you might have. All three of us, Manish, Rohan and myself are available. We are looking 
forward to a strong year. 
We do understand that there is some short-term supply-side constraints which are causing a bit 
of pressure in terms of growth. But we think our corporate travel business is very well-positioned 
and insulated from some of these supply-side constraints. And we expect to see strong growth 
and profitability in that sector in the coming year as well. And as I said, we are always available 
for any follow-up questions that you might have. Thank you for being on the call today. 

 
 
Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
May 31, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Investec Capital Services, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
