 
 
 
 
 
20th May, 2024 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                      
    BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
            Corporate Relationship Department  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
             1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
          PJ Towers, Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
                    Fort, Mumbai - 400 001  
Fax: 022-26598237/38  
 
 
 
                 Fax: 022-22723121/1278 
 
Company Code: PVRINOX/ 532689 
 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
This is with reference to and in continuation to our letter dated 8th May, 2024 and 
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, We wish to inform you that the officials of the 
Company have participated in the conference call for analysts and investors held on 
Tuesday, May 14, 2024 for post announcement of Financial Results for the 4th 
Quarter and year ended 31st March, 2024. 
 
Please find enclosed the copy of transcript in this regard. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For PVR INOX Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mukesh Kumar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SVP - Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
 
 
MUKESH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
MUKESH KUMAR 
Date: 2024.05.20 
16:56:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“PVR-INOX Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Results Conference Call” 
May 14, 2024 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AJAY BIJLI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PVR-
INOX LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR BIJLI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PVR-INOX LIMITED 
MR. NITIN SOOD – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– PVR-INOX LIMITED 
MR. PRAMOD ARORA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
GROWTH & INVESTMENT – PVR-INOX LIMITED 
MR. GAUTAM DUTTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
REVENUE & OPERATIONS – PVR-INOX LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the PVR INOX Limited's Q4 FY'24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Ankur. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you, Manisha. Good evening, friends, and welcome to PVR INOX Limited's Quarter 4 
and Full Year FY'24 Conference Call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. Ajay 
Bijli, Managing Director; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director; Mr. Nitin Sood, Group 
CFO; and other senior management personnel. 
 
As usual, the call will start with a brief management discussion on the earnings performance 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to you, Mr. Bijli, for the initial comments. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Yes. Thank you. Just wanted to correct, .Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Bijli, my brother, not Kapoor. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Okay. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Anyway, good afternoon. Thank you, and I'd like to welcome you all to discuss the Audited 
Results for the Quarter and the 12-Month period ending March 31, 2024. I hope you've had the 
opportunity to review our presentation and results, which were uploaded earlier today on our 
company's website as well as the stock exchange website.  
The exhibition industry witnessed a significant year. It was slightly volatile while we saw the 
biggest hits in the Hindi cinema last year and witnessed the best-ever quarter played out in Q2, 
the year ended on a softer note with the fourth quarter being the weakest due to a lack of 
appeal for the content released in Hindi, other languages and limited Hollywood releases. 
 
The ongoing general election has also impacted the flow of new releases in the current quarter, 
which is expected to stabilize by mid-June. We welcomed 32.6 million guests across our 
cinemas in Q4 FY'24, 151 million customers in FY'24. 
 
Coming to the financial results for the quarter. The following numbers are after adjusting for 
the impact of Ind AS 116 relating to lease accounting. Total revenue for the quarter was 
INR1,290 crores. EBITDA was INR35 crores and PAT loss was INR90 crores as compared to 
revenue of INR1,165 crores, EBITDA of INR27 crores and PAT loss of INR286 crores in the 
same period last year. 
 
In the upcoming months, we have several exciting Hindi movie releases to look forward to, 
including Mr. & Mrs. Mahi, starring Jhanvi Kapoor and Rajkummar Rao in May; Emergency, 
starring Kangana Ranaut; Chandu Champion with Kartik Aaryan; and Kalki 2898 AD, starting 
Prabhas, Deepika Padukone, and Amitabh Bachchan in June; Sarfira, starring Akshay Kumar; 
and Vedaa, starring John Abraham in July. Stree 2 with Rajkumar Rao and Shraddha. Pushpa 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 3 of 17 
 
2, which is a large multilingual release starting Allu Arjun, is expected to release in August. 
And it can potentially be the biggest release of the year. 
 
From Hollywood, we have IF, which is imaginary friends; The Garfield Movie, Bad Boys: 
Ride or Die; Inside Out; Exorcism; Quiet Place: Day One; Despicable Me 4; Deadpool & 
Wolverine in July, Borderlands, Alien: Romulus and Kraven the Hunter in August. 
 
On the merger front, we are happy to update that the integration process has been moving 
along well on all fronts. We made significant process on manpower, technology and operating 
process integration, which has produced -- and is expected to produce significant operational 
savings.  
During the year, we achieved a total EBITDA level synergy of INR185 crores to INR208 
crores, almost INR127 crores to INR137 crores of the above synergies were achieved in the 
Box Office and F&B revenues and balance INR62 crores to INR71 crores of synergies were 
achieved on the cost side. 
 
We expect some of the revenues and cost level synergies to play out further in FY'25. While a 
major part of the synergies of about INR225 crores that we had guided for at the completion of 
the merger has been achieved in FY'24, a heightened impact of these synergies would be 
visible as occupancies improve.  
Despite a volatile year, the business generated free cash flow of about INR116 crores in FY'24. 
Our key strategic priorities going forward will be to enhance our return on capital employed 
and drive free cash flow generation. As part of this strategy, we will focus on operational 
excellence to improve performance of our existing circuit. We will be taking various initiatives 
to drive admissions and improve visitation frequency through programs like the movie 
Passport, Cinema Lovers' Day, screening of alternative content and running various F&B 
promotions. 
 
Secondly, we will close underperforming cinemas, which have reached the end of their life 
cycle. In FY'24, we have exited 85 underperforming screens and we plan to shut down about 
70 underperforming screens in FY'25. We will prioritize initiatives aimed at reducing rental 
expenses, overhead costs and streamlining our organizational structure for greater efficiency.  
We will be transitioning to a capital-light growth model for the new screen additions where in 
our endeavour is to reduce our capex intensity by partnering with developers for joint 
investments in new screen capex and actively exploring alternate models like FOCO, which is 
franchise-owned company-operated cinema. We will be very selective in adding new cinemas 
and plan to open about 120 new screens in FY'25, prioritizing expansion efforts in South India. 
 
We're also evaluating monetization of owned real estate assets inherited from the INOX 
merger and plan to use the proceeds to reduced debt. Our scale, market leadership and brand 
equity will be the key enablers to drive our growth strategy going forward. On the growth 
front, the company has opened 130 new screens and exited 85 screens resulting in a net 
addition of 45 screens during the year.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 4 of 17 
 
For FY'25, the company expects to open 120 new screens and exit 70 screens resulting in a net 
addition of 50 screens. Our screen portfolio, including the 42 management screens stands at 
1,748 screens across 360 cinema in 112 cities in India and Sri Lanka. 
 
I'm delighted to announce that PVR INOX has formed a strategic partnership with Devyani 
International Limited, one of the largest quick service restaurants operated in India, to jointly 
establish a company for the purpose of development and operational food courts within 
shopping malls in India.  
Movie watching and fantastic content experience is a partnership worth celebrating, and we are 
happy to partner with a brand that shares our passion, and we hope to accentuate our market 
presence and potential for significant growth. 
 
I'd like to now open the platform for any Q&A. Thanks once again for joining. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the company you have formed with Devyani. So I wanted to understand 
what are the reasons for doing this now? And what will be the benefit for you? And in terms of 
investments, say, from a three-year perspective, what kind of investments will go into this? 
Will this be more of cross-promotion because in many developed markets, like UK, etcetera, 
there is good cross-promotion of food and cinema?  
Is that the main reason because otherwise you and Devyani both are fairly well-established 
players and who understand both malls and foods quite well? So what is the real benefits for 
you? And what will be the investment and in what timeframe? 
Ajay Bijli: 
Thanks, Abneesh. Basically, most of our revenues, all of our revenues on F&B front are post-
ticketed. So only when a person buys a ticket, he will end up buying F&B. And we were very 
keen to pivot towards some pre-ticketing -- pre-ticketed F&B business as well. And Devyani is 
very well established. They've got their own very well established QSR brands like KFC, Pizza 
Hut, Costa Coffee. We've had a relationship with them for a long time because they are 
suppliers to Pepsi suppliers for the longest time through most of our circuit. 
 
And we felt this partnership is a win-win one because: a, we get to have some F&B revenues, 
which are pre-ticketed. And we are able to get the opportunity to come up with some branded 
food courts. So most of the mall operators currently don't have branded food courts and we 
believe that we can add value there and also get more -- 150 million people come to our 
cinemas and get more share of the wallet of the customers who are already coming to us. And 
who better than Devyani to partner with since they already have their own brand? 
 
So I think they're looking at us from being able to negotiate very good rental deals and lease 
deals and acquiring good locations because that's what we bring to the table. We take a very 
large offtake from the developers of real estate in terms of cinema space. So for us, we can get 
a better deal and better locations on commercial terms with the real estate developers and make 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 5 of 17 
 
these food courts adjacent to our cinemas and pivot only from being an exhibition company to 
having an F&B play as well. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, two, three follow-ups there. One is in terms of consumer behaviour, I wanted to 
understand how exactly this will work because the consumer, again, he sees the movie and 
then he comes out and then he shops and then he decides to go for the food court. So how 
exactly you're able to tap or change this? Second, you yourself have a pre-ticket booking, 
which is possible. So that -- any way you have, so how does this add or change that? 
 
Second is, is there any capex also involved from your side because branded food court, 
obviously, there will be some level of capex? And will this be more towards new properties or 
existing also? Is there any possibility or change, because that will be very difficult, in my view, 
because most existing malls already the brand -- food court will be in a separate location or in 
a separate floor? So how does it work for existing property? 
Ajay Bijli: 
No. The opportunities are there in the existing food courts as well and a lot of malls, food 
courts are not managed that well. So we, of course, looked at all those opportunities only then 
decided to venture into this. So that is one. And we don't have any pre-ticketed F&B business 
just now, very little through 4700 BC and very little through some home delivery happens. But 
most of our -- bulk of our business is post ticketed only. So this will be -- people don't have to 
buy a ticket and then they go to the food courts. 
 
And consumer behaviour is already in place. People come to the shopping centres, they shop, 
they eat, they watch movies. So I think we are not planning to change the consumer behaviour. 
Yes, definitely, we want to build these food courts and very good shopping centres and 
leverage the marketing opportunities, cross promotions between food being consumed at the 
food courts, maybe trailoring, lots of cross-promotion between the cinema.  
And because these are the 2 anchors in any mall that generate the maximum footfall. So I think 
having a play in this with Devyani is something we believe is a good strategic pivot for the 
company. And the investments in (inaudible), I think we've signed about five-odd projects. So, 
Nitin, the first year, if you can throw some light on the kind of investment that is being 
entailed? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. Abneesh, we are still in the process of developing a long-term business plan. So we will 
talk about investments in due course, but I think the plan is to open about 5 to 6 food courts 
early this year. And both the teams are currently involved in putting together a long-term 
business plan. So we'll be sharing more in due course. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. My second and last question will be on the main box office business. If I see last 
year, of course, has been quite volatile, as you rightly said. So we had a very strong Q2, which 
means base for Q2 this year will be high base and Q1, already half of the quarter is gone, and 
election season is there, so which means Q1 also will be weak. And last year also, except Q2, 
most of the quarters were challenging, I'll say.  
Now when I see QSR also, that's also a form of consumption. They have seen six quarters of 
slowdown. And currently, the earliest visibility of a turnaround seems Q3, and that's more of a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 6 of 17 
 
hope currently. So in our view, for box office, next three quarters, so Q1 has already gone, 
what exactly is needed to change in earlier quarter calendarization or scheduling of movies 
was an issue which I think will automatically get course corrected because if it is not working 
obviously producers are not foolish enough so they will course correct that.  
But what else is needed because your ATP is down 2% in Q4 which again I think is a good 
initiative because ultimately it has to be price value favourable to the customer, but when you 
see QSR slowdown, when you see broad-based urban slowdown across all forms of 
consumption. In box office, what is needed to change? I understand content part, which is very 
difficult to predict, yes. 
Ajay Bijli: 
I think I already feel that the Indian market is very interesting, and that's why we are operating 
only in this market. And also, we have a diversified portfolio. I think June onwards, the 
moment the elections that announced, the line up is looking very strong to us. And I think that 
business is driven -- I mean, your question is what will change?  
What will changes that just now in the first -- the way the year has started because of elections, 
movies are not coming. What will change is the robust pipeline that will bring people back to 
the cinemas because of the supply and the appetite to go out and watch movies has always 
been there. 
 
So I think this is the nature of the business because it is cyclical in nature. But at the same 
time, when the movies come as quarter 2 of last year showed us that if you have an operating 
base, which is efficient and that's what we've done by cutting down a lot of costs and even the 
capital intensity this time is going to be lesser than last year.  
Then suddenly, all the operating metrics look -- end up looking very good. So I think it's a two 
drivers which have always helped us in the past, the supply side and the demand side, which 
we see will start kicking in from June onwards. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Could you please shed some more light on the asset-light model, how the sharing of capex will 
work? When do you expect this to kind of start-up? And how much can the capex from our 
book reduce? This is in the context of the fact that you've gross additions in FY'24 resulted in a 
INR600 crores type of capex. So just wanted to get a sense of that. That's my first question. 
Ajay Bijli: 
Nitin, do you want to answer or Pramod, do you want to answer? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. So what we are doing is I think, increasingly over the last 12 months our focus has been 
to reduce our capex investments. During the last 12 months to 18 months we've consciously 
renegotiated and repositioned a lot of our existing contracts which were committed by both 
PVR and INOX earlier.  
And have got significant amount of developer contributions to fund part of the growth. We've 
also renegotiated some of the rentals in most of the new locations that have got opened up. Our 
focus going forward I think is incrementally the new screen additions that we make. We 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 7 of 17 
 
eventually want to evolve to a capex-light model which means that over a period of time, 
reduce our capex intensity by 30% to 50%.  
I think it is beginning to already happen. Our next year projected capex is likely to be 25% 
lower than this year, but it will take us a couple of years to get down to that 35% to 50% level, 
as we roll out the new screen portfolio, where our landlord partners will take and invest -- co-
invest with us for most of the screen growth. 
 
In addition to that, I think the teams are also working on a model which will be franchisee-
owned company-operated stores, where in a lot of new markets where we venture into, I think 
there will be investment made by the property owners, and we will be operating. So the idea is 
to leverage our brand and market leadership to fund bulk of the growth as we go forward and 
focus on the free cash flow generation from the business. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Just a follow-up on that is what's the give and take here? I mean the landlord obviously 
invests with you and in terms of his incremental take from this relationship, how does that kind 
of pan out? Is it in the form of kind of a higher entry revenue share? I just wanted to get your 
sense on that at least from the initial transactions that you've done. 
Nitin Sood: 
Give and take will be in form of incremental revenue share. So that I think the core business 
will end up sharing with the landlord when we make them as a partner, which means 
increasingly more and more of our deals, we are trying to pivot to higher percentage revenue 
share as compared to investing upfront capital.  
So yes, the pivot will be a mix of incremental return on the capital that they're investing either 
in form of a pre-agreed return or a higher revenue share. That's largely how it is going to 
evolve. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And in that context, if you look at this year rent to revenue if you just take rent plus CAM, that 
ratio is close to 25% of total sales I think, INR1,500-odd crores on a INR6,000 crores revenue. 
Given that you are pivoting to a slightly more asset-light model, do we expect that those ratios 
don't dramatically change given that you are putting in less on your balance sheet? Is that the 
way to think about it? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. I think it will take time for them to change at an overall level because for the incremental 
screen additions it will start getting better, but because we also have a large base and in the 
existing portfolio, as some of the screens are coming out of their lock-in periods, the teams are 
working towards renegotiating rentals and pivoting them to more reasonable rental contracts or 
more lower revenue share contracts. So I think that process will take time to play out. 
Pramod Arora: 
Yes. So financially if you look at it, the asset to turnover ratios will become better. The 
margins may see a slight dip. The ROCE will see a far superior return. So the ROCE would be 
far superior. So asset-to-turnover ratio is going to go better, margins will see a slight dip in a 
model which is capital light. Effectively, the returns on capital employed would be far, far 
superior. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Great. And last thing was on the convenience fee. When we look at this quarter, I think 
it's a full impact of variabilizing the convenience fee. Just wanted to get a sense of whether this 
is the kind of run rate as a -- on a per footfall basis or a per admit basis that we should kind of 
model in for the future. 
Nitin Sood: 
So you can use, I think, the current quarter number as a broad estimate per footfall to use it for 
modelling purposes because it is largely variable in nature. So I think it will be directly 
proportional to the footfall additions that we will have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
My first question is on the screen closure that we are talking about 70 screens. And we are also 
in the process of renegotiating the rentals with the existing screens, which are coming up for 
renewal. So putting this together -- putting these statements together, can we say that only 
where you are not able to renew the rentals, you are closing? Is it the statement -- a fair 
assumption to make? 
Nitin Sood: 
Not really. I think we are also focused on shutting down screens where we believe they have 
come to the end of their life cycles. The malls, which were built 10 years or 15 years ago have 
become dilapidated and are unlikely to survive in that market given the new shopping centres 
that have opened up in that city. I think that's the key driver.  
Of course, rent paid also -- if we believe that rental is the only way to solve for it, then we'll 
definitely work hard towards reducing the rental. But I think in most cases, we realize that in 
some markets, better shopping malls have opened and taken away the market share. 
 
And the new -- and in most of the new malls only we are present. So shutting down an 
obsolete mall will help us in cutting down not just operating losses, but also shift most of the 
consumers to the new-age shopping centre where we are the brand we are present. So we are 
likely to be the beneficiary on -- of closure also in some of these markets. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right. Great. But last time we spoke, I think last year, there was a comment that you have 
identified all such screens and this year, there will not be such closures. Is it the becoming an 
ongoing exercise or your threshold for shutting the malls is also has gone down? I'm just trying 
to understand. Because obviously, there is a dead investment, you can't recoup some of the 
investments, which are made in these screens. So how should we think about it? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. So I think this is going to be a continuous exercise in any retail business. Every retail 
business on a continuous basis will continue to evaluate their retail portfolio and something 
which was built earlier and become obsolete. It's a continuous process. Most of the retail 
companies shut down about 2% of their stores on an annual basis, which will become obsolete.  
In our case, the numbers are marginally higher than that because we are coming out of a 
merger, and we've evaluated the portfolio in context of some markets which are not firing. And 
hence, this number looks higher, but this will be a continuous effort. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Pramod Arora: 
And most of these assets have actually lived up their useful life after which we are closing 
them. So in terms of the write-off, we will be minimalistic because most of these assets have 
already lived their life. It is -- when you look at the rent-to-revenue ratio, revenue has dropped 
because the malls are not performing, by virtue of which we are looking at the closures. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right. And one clarification on this FOCO model that we are talking about to reduce the capex 
intensity. I just want a clarification because we already operate the management properties. So 
what is -- philosophically, what is the difference between management properties versus 
FOCO versus, say, a developer as a partner where we invest a little bit? What is the key 
difference between these? 
Pramod Arora: 
In that, it is the same model, the franchisee-owned and company-operated. It's the same model 
that we're talking about, the management structure of deal. Effectively, if you look at it, India 
is one of those countries wherein the gross box office this year has expanded.  
Unlike most of the other countries across the world, the box office in the country has expanded 
which gives us the visibility that there is more to happen in terms of screens in the country, and 
that is one of the reasons to adopt this FOCO model wherein we are finding a lot of traction 
coming in from far and wide across the country.  
It is the same model, but given the scale now that we want to operate it, it may be worthwhile 
to look at it after 3 years when there would be substantial income which will be getting 
generated from the management fee in this model. 
Arun Prasath: 
So am I right in understanding that in FOCO or managing properties, capex is 100% done by 
the developers? And in other cases, only a few part of the capex is done by the developer, 
right? 
Pramod Arora: 
Absolutely. So in the capital-light model you could look at it that the immovables would be 
invested by the development partner, and the movable will be brought in by us. And in the 
FOCO model, both the movables as well as the immovable to the extent of 100% of the 
investments shall be brought in by the development partner or an investor. 
Arun Prasath: 
Typically, in your screen as a percentage of capex what will be contributed by movable and 
what will be by the immovable? 
Ajay Bijli: 
Anywhere between 35% to 45% amounts to be immovable and 50% to 55% amount to be 
movables. 
Arun Prasath: 
But this is not something new concept because during the merger also, we had around 35 
management properties. Now if you look at it, it is close to 42 management properties. So it 
hasn't really grown the management properties as in number hasn't grown in the last 2 years. 
So what has changed now that we are -- we see more developers will be happy to do this. 
Pramod Arora: 
So one of the reasons, which I suggested right in the beginning was the expansion of the box 
office happening in India is one of the clear indicators that there is more to screen growth in 
the country. That is my first point.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 10 of 17 
 
The second point being the fact that many of the shopping centres, who are looking at 
multiplex being their partner, are very happy to work on our franchisee-owned company-
operated model provided they have returns out of it. So in effect, if it's a bad centre or a bad 
shopping centre or a old mall, there FOCO model is also not going to make any success for 
anyone because that is going to die down a natural death in very less time. 
 
So that is not the objective. So FOCO model again would be happening in very, very select 
malls. It will not be that anyone who is able to give a deal for a FOCO model can basically do 
a contract with the company. It is a proper feasibility where even if is done to the returns to the 
developer also as well. Because if the development partner or the investor doesn't make returns 
this model is not going to fly for a long run. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. And finally, on the new screens that you are guiding of 120 new screens in '25. 
You have mentioned that it's -- you are very selective. Does it mean the actual supply of new 
screens by your letter of intent is much higher? And out of that, you have chosen only this 
much and so that this guidance can dynamically improve over the period of the year? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. I think currently, our focus is to expand more in South like we said, and we are reducing 
down the new screen handover this year. The focus is to optimize occupancies across the 
existing circuit. That's the near-term focus and reduce capex intensity. So I think progressively, 
over the last 12 to 24 months, we have reduced the new screen handovers and additions. 
 
So this 120 screens, almost 60% to 65% of the pipeline is already under fit-out and the balance 
is some of the screens where we are taking incremental handovers of, bulk of them are in 
South India. And that's how we will end up opening about 120 new screens this year. 
Arun Prasath: 
Nitin, does that mean you have rejected to take over the other properties, which were handed 
over to? 
Pramod Arora: 
Yes, we've rejected a huge number of properties. So the ratio is actually 1:6. So out of the six 
projects which come on the table or basically are having a mutiplex, we will end up relating 
one of those. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. And then any -- of course, any screen, obviously, at some costs, you will be happy 
to take. There is never a no to the screen. So probably at a lower rentals, you will be happy to... 
Pramod Arora: 
No. You can look through the screen and look at it that which screen and even -- which is a 
zero rental also would have an operating loss. So the screens can make an operating loss even 
at no occupancy costs. So effectively not all screens would be able to pass the litmus test. 
Nitin Sood: 
I think the fundamental of any retail business is demand/supply economics in that catchment, 
which is the way we look at the business, that's the primary basis for us to take a call on 
whether we want to do the site and then apply the cost dynamics on top of it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Umang Mehta: 
I just wanted to check, if it would be possible to quantify the incremental merger synergies that 
you expect in FY '25. 
Nitin Sood: 
No, it's very tough for us to quantify that number. I think as we progress along during the year, 
we'll be able to give a better guidance, but it's very tough for us to quantify a number right 
now. 
Umang Mehta: 
Understood. And the second question I had was, if we were to remove the drag of 70 screens 
that you plan to close in the upcoming financial year, would it be possible to share any margin 
targets you can expect, assuming that some of these screens could be loss-making? If you were 
to look at FY '24 performance of these 70 screens. 
Nitin Sood: 
No, I think it's too small a number for us to comment on, on a portfolio of 1,700 screens, how 
it will impact the overall margins. But broadly, most of these screens are loss-making in 
nature. It's -- so any closure of bottom end of the portfolio will have incremental impact on the 
margin. But in the overall context of things, I think it will not be very significant. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, the 70 screens that we plan to close, I mean, has the rental agreement ended? Or are we 
disengaging in between? And if yes, do we have to pay any fee for that? And a related follow-
up is that, if you are choosing opt-out in between, how does it impact the relationship with the 
developer if we are signing a new property within -- anywhere else? 
Pramod Arora: 
Our contract -- we are not in breach of our contractual obligations in all these 70 screens. So 
we are maintaining the sanctity of the contractual documents that we have signed with our 
development partners, hence ensuring an amicable exit, which is allowed as per the clauses, or 
the covenants signed by both the parties. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Do we have to pay any fee? Because typically, these are long-term contracts, if I remember 
right, for 10 to 15 years. So do we have to pay any fee for disengaging in between? 
Pramod Arora: 
With an enforcement of a lock-in, most of the clauses -- most of the agreements do have a 
lock-in period to our favour, which could be anywhere between three to seven years. And in 
accordance with that, we have the right to take an exit after the lock-in has expired without any 
obligations of any payers. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. And sir, can you share are the closures maximum under the PVR brand or under the 
INOX brand? And if possible, is there increase, which is -- sorry. 
Pramod Arora: 
It's a mixed bag. It's a mixed bag amongst both PVR and INOX. Erstwhile PVR, Erstwhile 
INOX properties, it's a mixed bag and the ratio could be very, very similar. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Any screen below, say, five to seven years within this portfolio, which we have opened say 
five to seven years back? 
Pramod Arora: 
Not as of now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. And just one last follow-up from my side, and this pertains to the ad-free movie 
campaign that we launched recently. I just wanted to understand the business rationale of 
replacing ad with the content in the current environment. So basically, when you play ads, the 
flow-through to EBITDA is high, but when you're trying to replace it with the content, 
especially in this environment when the release flow is a bit erratic, you may incur fixed cost 
with little corresponding revenue because footfalls are lower. So I just wanted to get a sense on 
timing with respect to this product launch. 
Gautam Dutta: 
So first and foremost, this is an experiment. We have just kind of done this experiment in 
about seven cinemas spanning over 29 screens. And there is no time -- right time for the 
experiment. We often, whether it's F&B, whether it's design or whether it's such experiments, 
we would want to, at any point in time, continue our journey on these experiments because by 
the time we get to know the real output of how consumers are behaving, we are in a position to 
either then sort of expand this experiment across a larger domain or shut it down. 
 
So in fact, on the contrary, we felt that this was a great time to do -- run all such experiments. 
Now coming back to what was the logic, the logic was simple that in our luxury cinemas, we 
get a clientele which is very, very time sensitive. They are the ones who would want to get in 
for a movie experience, and they would not want anything to sort of come in between the 
movie experience. Because they are largely all-time poor guys. And they are also the 
consumers who is willing to pay a tad extra for getting that kind of experience. 
 
And that's the reason why when we started off, we felt there were two ends to this whole 
experiment. When the big movie comes because of the shorter turnaround, we could add a 
show during that time. And during the nonpeak or non-blockbuster period, we could sort of 
charge a higher ticket price for an ad-free experience. So both these experiments are on course 
and hopefully, within about eight to 10 months from now, we will have a much far better, 
clearer picture of how this is kind of evolving. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
So, so far, is it fair to assume that the incremental revenue that is coming from adding an 
additional show more than compensate for the ad revenue loss that you might be taking? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So we exactly know what is the ad revenue in the cinemas. The whole plan has been chopped 
out, keeping in mind that this experiment should be successful because nobody would plan an 
experiment wanting it to fail. So we have planned, and we have chopped out a budget of how 
much we need to incrementally sort of galvanize extra footfalls to be able to offset that 
revenues from advertising. 
 
So the teams are fully aware. And as I said, with big films, extra show will start to play 
because of the sheer quick turnaround time. And during the non-blockbuster period, we will 
play in with a slightly higher ATP growth in these seven cinemas to see how it kind of covers 
up for that deficit. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Actually, I still did not get the answer. I just wanted to know whether the incremental 
revenue so far has compensated for the ad revenue loss or not, sorry, I'm repeating the 
question. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Nitin Sood: 
It's too early. The experiment is run for nine to 10 months before I can give you an answer on 
this. 
Gautam Dutta: 
It's just been four weeks, so it's very difficult to give an answer currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivekanand Subbaraman from Ambit Capital. 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Two questions. So one is with respect to the Passport, refresh that you have done and launched 
in the south markets as well. So what's the update with respect to the variance of the Passport 
scheme that you have launched? That's question one. And the second question, as far as the 
franchise model is concerned, do you have any specific targets in terms of what proportion of 
your new screens will get rolled out in this model? And have you had any discussions or 
detailed study in the catchment areas where you will roll this out? Is it more a south 
phenomenon? Is it more on an incremental basis in Tier 2 and 3 cities? How should we think 
about it? Thank you. 
Gautam Dutta: 
So I'll take the Passport question. Passport currently as of today is about a lakh an 80 total, out 
of which South contributes close to about 35% total Passport enrolments. What we are seeing 
while there is a fairly decent uptake so far, and we are adding subscribers virtually every day. 
What we are seeing is that once the flow gets better, this has the potential of doing a lot better. 
We had actually envisaged that South will kind of take over all the other markets, but actually 
North and West are also keeping good pace with the overall additions and South still 
dominates with 35%. But North is just behind at about 32%, 33% additions as well. 
 
So overall, a very, very encouraging signal. We believe very strongly once consumers are able 
to see a kind of a pipeline of movies coming in, Passport could really evolve into a game 
changer for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Dayal from HSBC. 
Anurag Dayal: 
I have one clarification on the FOCO model basically. So will -- is it fair to assume that it will 
be more directed towards smaller towns, or will it be in metros as well? 
Pramod Arora: 
So it will be in both metros as well as small town. It depends on the demand and supply 
situation that we are going to evaluate, and it will be in both the markets. 
Anurag Dayal: 
So is it like you're offering these developers, both the models revenue sharing and they -- what 
they choose and that you're proceeding? Or you already have identified certain properties? 
Pramod Arora: 
It'll be something that we will be choosing on the basis of our parameterization and then go for 
it. The metros in a country like India are very, very large. So there are still unaddressed 
pockets wherein FOCO model may represent a possibility for us. And that's where the FOCO 
model even in metros can come up. And of course, in many small towns, which are still bereft 
of a cinema or have very limited screens, there, the model may find relevance, and we may 
come up with the model. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
So when we talk about a development partner, we had certain expectations on its financial 
returns. As a company, we have certain financial expectations on our money. So effectively, 
that is the mix that we are going to use in terms of defining that it will be a FOCO model or a 
capital-light model. 
Anurag Dayal: 
Great. And my second question is on this JV with Devyani. So basically, it is purely for pre-
ticketing or you're exploring that in future brands will be available inside PVR premises as 
well, like you have tied for Costa Coffee, something like that? 
Nitin Sood: 
No. So I think currently, the partnership is focused on exclusively on rolling out food courts 
for a pre-ticketing area. Obviously, Devyani has been a good F&B partner to us, where they 
supply to us the entire Pepsi products. We've also had a partnership with them for Costa, where 
we have 76 or 78 stores already operational within -- in premises. So that is independent of this 
JV. There, here, I think the focus is to roll out food courts in shopping malls all over the 
country, and we're in the process of building a long-term business plan for this business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akhil from Pkeday Family Office. 
Akhil: 
So my question is on the expansion plans that you have. So the last few years have been 
challenging for the industry and for multiplexes in general. You had to do fundraise a couple 
of times. The debt on the balance sheet is really high. And yes, PVR INOX is expanding 
rapidly, you spent over INR600 crores in capex this year. So don't you think consolidation 
would be a better strategy rather than just expanding? Don't you think strengthening the 
balance sheet, reducing borrowings and just having a strong balance sheet would be a better 
plan going ahead? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. That's what we've said in the presentation, if you look at our investor update, that's what 
you've said that we intend to reduce capex by 25% to 30% this year over what we did last year. 
We want to use all our free cash flows that we generate from the business to pay down debt. In 
addition to that, we've also mentioned we are also evaluating monetization of our own real 
estate assets that we acquired by way of merger with INOX and looking at a potential sale of 
those assets, which could potentially get us anything between INR300 crores to INR400 crores 
and use all of those proceeds to reduce leverage from the balance sheet. 
 
So the idea is in the next 12, 15 months or 12 to 18 months, bring down leverage on the 
balance sheet from free cash flows and monetizing real estate assets by at least 50%. 
Akhil: 
Okay. But 2023 has been one of the best years for cinema and Cinema history, and we are still 
PAT negative. So do you ever see that changing? Do you see the economics of it changing or 
because even now, a large part of our costs are going into interest costs as well as rental 
expansions? 
Nitin Sood: 
We are not, first of all, PAT negative. We have INR114 crores PAT this year. But yes, our 
operating margins are still trending below where we were pre-pandemic. You would notice 
that we've done a lot of work on the cost side, costs which were within our control. I think -- 
but the revenues are still not fully back. Occupancies have trending still lower than where we 
were pre-pandemic. Mix of supply side issues because we've not had all the languages firing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 15 of 17 
 
together. But -- and ad revenues have shown good traction. This year, they've picked up versus 
last year, and we are hoping that as the momentum continues, hopefully, this year, we should 
see ad revenue growth over what we've achieved in the current year and getting closer to 
where we were pre-pandemic level and hopefully crossing that number. 
 
So as the revenue picks up, I think the margin profile of the business should come back. And 
whatever is the free-operating cash flow, the business will generate, will be used to reduce the 
leverage on the balance sheet. 
Akhil: 
And my second question is around competition. So when you're opening up new screens, do 
you see any competition from other multiplexes? How do you see your competitors evolving? 
Do you see the number of supply of creator in the country reducing because that is where a 
major growth is going to come going ahead? 
Pramod Arora: 
So the competition in the country is in fact expanding. We should look at a lot of regional 
players have taken a position wherein there is more and more play of operators coming into the 
market. Within this competitive domain, we intend to keep our numero uno position intact. 
And we would tend to believe with the modelling and the structures that we have come out 
with, which is capital-light, FOCO as well as a lease model, we should be able to retain the 
position. And be able to grow and expand also as well within the given terrain of the country. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Kumar Zhunzhunwala from Kan Capital 
Services Pvt Ltd. Yes, Abhishek go ahead. The participant got disconnected. The next question 
is from the line of Ganesh from Bharat Bet Research. 
Ganesh : 
 My first question is slightly strategic in nature. So on the 1 hand, we are being slightly 
conservative with screen growth and our net screen growth for the next year will be around 3% 
odd. At the same time, we are moving towards F&B partnerships with Devyani. So just wanted 
to get the hang of the management view on the core movie box office business and whether 
they are seeing any medium to long-term negatives there as a result of which we're trying to 
diversify or the broad rationale with respect to the capital allocation away from the core 
business into ancillary business as such? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes. I think the main idea behind the merger and building a large scale in the core exhibition 
business was to leverage the brand to the competitive advantage and reduce, be in a position so 
that your return on capital employed metric gets improved. Now that we've reached that 
position where we have a large market share in this business, our ability to incrementally grow 
by putting in lower capital on our own balance sheet has to evolve from here. It will not 
happen overnight, but it will play out. That's the way we want to grow going forward. 
 
And that's part of the core exhibition business expansion strategy. I think the 120 screen 
addition and 70 screen closure is part of our operating strategy. We are very focused on 
growing the business profitably. And hence, the decision to close down bottom end of the 
screen is focused purely from a profitability metric. The idea is -- so our exhibition growth 
reduction that you're seeing is largely because we are rationalizing the portfolio of 
underperforming screens. We're still continuing to add 120-odd screens. And I think that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 16 of 17 
 
screen growth number will continue, but will -- our capex investment to build out new screens 
in the coming years will keep going down from where we are. 
 
And the idea is to use the free cash flows to look at adjacent businesses, which could 
potentially add value over a period of time. And hence, food is a very large piece which we 
currently are in a post ticketed area. And this partnership to invest in the pre-ticketed F&B is 
one of such things that we are looking at. 
Ganesh: 
Got it. And sir, my second question is on our market share in the Hindi box office segment. So 
if I'm looking at the slide correctly, I think our market share has gone down slightly from say, 
42.9% to 41.5% in the Hindi segment. So just wanted to check that despite our growth and our 
market position there, why do you think we're losing market share in this segment? And 
incrementally, what is the management focusing on to kind of improve our position there? 
Nitin Sood: 
So I think the market share hasn't changed materially. What happens is, it's the nature of films, 
which end up doing well. Sometimes there are mass-market films like Gadar which will do 
exceedingly well in large pockets. They are not typically multiplex films, they do exceedingly 
well in a large number of single-screen theatres. 
So your market share in case of those films will be slightly lower. And then there will be films, 
which will be -- do significantly better in multiplex. So these minor fluctuations in market 
share is entirely a function of what kind of films have done well. And if there are some films 
which have done exceedingly well, dominated by large single-screen theatres, that's how it 
plays out. 
 
So if you look at a film like Rocky and Rani, which was primarily a multiplex movie, our 
market share in that film was up excess of 50% as compared to Gadar where our market share 
would be 30%. So those variations are the reason when you look at the total average numbers, 
it could be minor here or there, but there is no overall shift. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naveen Baid from Nuvama Asset Management. 
Naveen Baid: 
So of the 120 screens that the company plans to gross addition that is, how many are going to 
be in the FOCO model? 
Pramod Arora: 
So about 15 screens out of this would be in the FOCO model, the balance as of now are 
contracted under a lease model itself. 
Nitin Sood: 
Bulk of these screens, like I mentioned, are already under set out from previous year. This 
year, the new screen additions is very limited in terms of new screen handovers, but yes, about 
15 to 20 screens will be opening under this model. 
Naveen Baid: 
Sir, the (inaudible) that most of the screens have already in the setout stage for this year. So 
wouldn't it be fair to assume that in FY '26, whatever the screen addition count will be, a bulk 
of that would be under the FOCO model? Like for example, this year, it's turning out to be 
close to 10%, would it be closer to, say, 20%, 30% or even higher... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PVR INOX Limited 
 
May 14, 2024 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Gautam Dutta: 
So the model is going to gain precedence in the coming years. It will take about 4 years for this 
model to become a dominant model. In the next year, you could see 20% to 25% of the screens 
in the capital-light and FOCO model. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Bhatt from IDBI Capital & Securities pvt ltd. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Just wanted to know whether it is possible for you to quantify the debt that you are planning to 
reduce this year and next year. And because of this FOCO model, how much reduction in 
rental will come for this year and next year? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes, it's very tough to quantify. Like we said, the plan is to whatever free cash flows that the 
business will generate after the capex this year, all the money will be used to pay down debt. 
But it is a function of how the box office pans out this year. So it's difficult to quantify a 
number. In addition to that, we've also indicated that all the proceeds from monetization of real 
estate assets will get used to pay down debt. So over the next 12 to 18 months period, we think 
it will be at least 50% of -- we want to get down to 50% of the existing leverage levels. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Right. And in terms of rental that you are seeing. How much benefit in terms of rental, you 
will see? 
Nitin Sood: 
No, it is not possible for us to quantify on that. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Okay. And lastly, on -- in terms of screens that you have said that there would be a reduction 
in capex by 25%. Would it be on a combined basis? I mean, the capex that you will do it for 
Devyani, I mean, is it that -- or it would be similar to FY '24 if you combine Devyani in terms 
of total? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes, yes, yes. Actually, if you look at our total capex outlay this year was about INR630-odd 
crores. So we expect that to go down by at least 25% this year. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Okay. That includes Devyani investment. 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes, everything included, everything included, yes. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraint, that will be the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nitin Sood: 
Thank you. I would like to thank everyone for taking out time for the earnings call. In case 
we've not been able to answer some of you, you feel free to write to Gaurav Sharma and 
Saurabh Pant, my colleagues, and we'll be happy to come back to you with answers to your 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
