 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555 Fax: (91-11) 4167 8841-42 
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 2351703 Fax: 0595-2350008 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
RKL/SX/2024-25/25 
May 23, 2024 
 
BSE Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: RADICO 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call conducted on May 15, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings 
Call held on Wednesday, May 15, 2024, for the Audited Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024.  
 
The same is also uploaded on the website of the Company at www.radicokhaitan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
(Dinesh Kumar Gupta) 
Senior Vice President – Legal &  
Company Secretary 
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in 
 
Encl.: As Above 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2024.05.23 
17:39:22 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Fourth Quarter and Full Year FY2024  
Earnings Conference call 
May 15, 2024 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Amar Sinha, Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Radico Khaitan Q4 
FY24 earnings conference call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing the ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yash Visharia from Dolat 
Capital. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Yash Visharia: 
Thank you Steve. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat 
Capital, we welcome you all to Q4 FY24 earnings call of Radico Khaitan. 
We would like to thank the Management for giving us the opportunity 
to host the call. On the call we have with us, Mr. Abhishek Khaitan – 
Managing Director, Mr. Amar Sinha – Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Dilip 
Banthiya – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sanjeev Banga – President, 
International Business. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his 
opening comments. Thank you and over to you sir.  
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us on our 
Q4 FY24 Results Conference Call. 
FY2024 has been a year of consolidation for Radico Khaitan. During the 
year, we have continued to grow the Prestige & Above brands ahead 
of our expectations. We have strengthened our portfolio with more 
premium and luxury brands, and we have successfully completed and 
commissioned our Sitapur project which further strengthens our 
backward integration capabilities.  
Driven by the strength of our premium brands portfolio and focused 
marketing strategies, Radico Khaitan delivered another quarter of a 
resilient performance with Prestige & Above category brands growing 
by 14% year-on-year. Growth during FY24 was 20%.  

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
All core brands continue to report strong momentum. Magic Moments 
Vodka recorded 6.3 million cases sales during the year and crossed 
sales value of Rs. 1,000 crores. Morpheus Super Premium Brandy and 
1965 Spirit of Victory premium rum crossed a million cases sale for the 
second consecutive year. The volume of Royal Ranthambore whisky 
more than doubled. We have also signed an endorsement deal with 
Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan for Royal Ranthambore.  
We remain committed to a focused product portfolio of premium 
brands where consumer aspirations drive brand choice. Right from 
ideation to blend development, packaging, marketing, brand 
communication, distribution and delivering value to consumers, we 
have a well-defined roadmap at each stage of the product life cycle. 
We are confident that these strategies will continue to help us deliver 
balanced growth and value creation for all our stakeholders.  
During the quarter, we expanded our luxury portfolio through the 
launch of The Kohinoor Reserve Indian Dark Rum which is crafted 
through small batch distillation, using only fresh cane juice spirit 
during the north Indian winter season. It is then matured in American 
Oak Barrels previously used for maturing Indian Single Malt followed 
by further maturation in Cognac XO and Vermouth casks. Priced at 
about US$50 per bottle, it will be rolled out in coming months across 
global markets including the USA, UK, EU, Asia as well as Global Travel 
Retails.  
During FY24, Jaisalmer Gin achieved market share of 50% in the luxury 
gin space in India. With Jaisalmer, we are experiencing the same 
consumer traction as we had seen in the case of vodka albeit at a much 
higher price point.  
We continue to expand the distribution of Rampur and Jaisalmer in 
India. In Q2 FY24, we plan to introduce Jaisalmer Gold edition in the 
Indian markets to give a super luxury experience to the gin consumers. 
During this year, we also plan to launch Rampur Asava in domestic 
markets. Rampur is now available in 15 states and Jaisalmer in 22 
states.  
During FY2024, while the prices of certain packaging material have 
been stable, cost of grain, ENA and glass has been volatile. This has led 
to significant pressure on our gross margins. However, with our 
product premium mix and price increases, we have been able to offset 
the pressure of raw material prices.  

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
With the expectations of a normal monsoon and better crop yield, we 
are seeing early signs of softening of grain prices. We continue to 
cautiously monitor the industry trends. We believe that the worst of 
the input cost is behind us, and we expect the benefit from any 
tailwinds in the raw material prices in FY25. We expect our operating 
margins to see improving trajectory in FY25.  
With the rising affluence, low per capita consumption levels and a 
strong premiumization trend, I am confident of the mid to long term 
potential of the Indian AlcoBev sector. To continue serving the 
discerning consumers, Radico Khaitan is progressing well on its brand 
creation journey with innovation and consumer aspirations as its core 
which is backed by our integrated manufacturing facilities and 
distribution platform. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO for a detailed 
operational and financial review. Thank you and over to you Dilip.  
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call 
today.  
During Q4 FY24, we reported a total IMFL volume of 7.16 million cases 
representing degrowth of 1.2% on year-on-year basis. Prestige & 
Above category volume grew by 14.2%. In value terms, the Prestige & 
Above category registered a 16.1% growth. Prestige brands have 
grown at a CAGR of 13% in volume terms and 20% in value terms since 
FY2019. We expect to continue to deliver 15% to 18% premium volume 
growth in FY2025.  
Prestige & Above category now account for 49.6% of IMFL volume 
compared to 40.2% in Q4 FY23. The percentage of P&A is higher due 
to the significant degrowth in the regular category. Improvement in 
IMFL realization is due to the combination of price increases and 
continued premiumization. Regular category volumes were impacted 
due to strategic rationalization of portfolio and certain state specific 
excise policy changes, particularly in a large state where we have 
received price increase in the regular category.  
Gross margin during the quarter was 41.0% compared to 40.6% in Q4 
FY23. On a Y-o-Y basis, the grain price inflation had a negative impact 
of 490 basis points in Q4, which was more than compensated by IMFL 
price increases, product mix changes as well as the softening of other 
input costs. On year-on-year basis, there was a 285 bps impact due to 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
price increase in Q4 FY24 on our IMFL sales value. On a full-year basis 
the impact of price increase was 200 bps.  
Despite commodity inflation in ENA and grain prices, we have been 
able to sustain gross margin due to ongoing premiumization and price 
increases in the IMFL business.  
Although the price of certain packing material has softened recently, 
we cautiously monitor the trend of grain, ENA, and glass bottle, where 
volatility persists.  
Going forward our focus will be on improving profitability, along with 
cash flow generation and more efficient working capital management 
resulting in debt reduction. We reiterate our commitment to be debt 
free by FY26. 
With this we now open the line for Q&A. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from 
Nuvama.  
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the raw material scenario in FY25. So, you have 
highlighted that because good monsoons are expected, you would 
expect a gradual softening of the ENA grain prices. So will this be more 
of H2 both in terms of ENA and even glass in terms of softening. So, 
first half could be a bit challenging just like in Q4 where around 150 
bps compression has happened versus full year, there is 150 bps 
compression in gross margin. The first half looks challenging in terms 
of both the raw materials.  
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we also see that there is a normal monsoon and good crop yield 
which is expected, we see early signs [of softening of] the grain prices 
and the maize prices. Also, because the ethanol has mostly been 
shifted on maize and therefore also having a little less pressure on the 
broken rice prices. So, we have seen the early signs of a declining trend 
but it's early. At the same time we have seen some press reports that 
the stock at the FCI is increasing continuously and around 18 million 
tons of rice is extra with the government versus the last year same 
period and government plans to dispose of it. So, we see that after the 
elections there will be some impact on the broken rice prices as well 
as the maize prices. So, some impact will be seen in this first quarter 
but I see that in Q2 onward we will have full impact.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Second question is on the current development of the election. So, in 
a Lok Sabha election year there are disruptions for the liquor sector in 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
terms of excise officer availability, interstate transfer of raw material 
and finished products and of course the dry days also. So, could you 
tell us what kind of disruptions you expect in this time’s Lok Sabha 
elections in Q1?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
Since the election is starting from April to June beginning and it is 
almost six weeks and there are number of dry days in those periods. 
So, there is some impact at the same time as you rightly said that the 
officers and other people, government officials are on official duty. So 
sometimes it impacts the primaries and the release of payment, etc. 
But this is a very temporary phenomenon. I think after 4th June these 
things will get set right.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Last question will be on P&A growth. So, the market leader also has 
been highlighting slowdown for now two quarters. Their results are yet 
to come but we do expect a slowdown for them also. So generally, 
discretionary most of the segments say in terms of pizza or apparel, 
everything is slowing down. So, in that context how confident are you 
in terms of current trajectory of 16% sales growth which is much lower 
than full year growth of 29% in FY24? How confident are you of this 
kind of a run rate, given the slowdown seems to be more pronounced 
in Q4 versus the full year for you? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, overall on annualized basis, we have grown our P&A category by 
20% and one quarter impact of 14%. We have a bouquet of portfolio 
in the P&A category, and we are confident of delivering more than 15% 
growth in P&A category in FY25. I think Amar can elaborate that in 
much more detail.  
Amar Sinha: 
So, gentlemen since I've been asked to elaborate, I would like to say 
that these quarterly variations are really not so significant today. I 
think we need to look at a much larger picture of the liquor business 
that we are in. So, I'll cite some numbers and then come to the main 
point with regard to Radico. And I think a lot of questions that are 
about to come will also get answered with this. So, if you look at some 
published sources of data, the global spirits market is $72 billion. The 
Indian spirit market out of this is $31 billion which means India 
contributes 40% to 43% of the global spirits market by revenue. Now 
the forecast, the forecast for the next 5 years is $200 billion which 
means from the current $31 billion of India it is likely to reach $90 
billion which is 3X growth.  
Now what we see is that this brings a big opportunity for Radico in the 
times ahead. There are great brands which are being seeded as of now 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
as we speak. Now who will capitalize upon this opportunity? 
Companies that have strong professional management, research and 
blending capabilities, distribution & production network, captive raw 
materials. They are the ones who will seize the opportunity. As you 
have seen we have done a lot of expansion in Rampur and Sitapur and 
this is all with regard to seizing the opportunities that are going to 
arise.  
As you know that Bob Sternfels the CEO of McKinsey has said that this 
century belongs to India, and this couldn't be more true than in the 
AlcoBev space. So today Radico is already the largest Indian AlcoBev 
player. This is the first time if you see FY24, the industry has crossed 
404 million cases of spirits. Having said that we have in the last 7 years 
performed consistently on all parameters of financial performance.  As 
I said quarterly variations are not so significant. We need to look at a 
much larger picture as far as Radico is concerned.  
Now let me tell you the bouquet of brands that we right now work on 
because your question was how will we maintain the growth rate on 
P&A? So just to throw some light on that let's take Rampur Double 
Cask. It's in the super luxury segment priced at Rs. 7,500 – 8,000 a 
bottle available in 45 countries overseas, 15 states in India. You will be 
surprised, we have registered a 138% growth in FY24 at the top end of 
the luxury segment. It's an aspirational and status product making 
India proud all over the world. Then comes Rampur Asava which is 
already launched overseas and now we plan to bring it into India very 
shortly in Quarter 1, Quarter 2 priced at Rs. 10000, which is higher than 
Rampur Double Cask.  
Jaisalmer Gin is in the luxury segment priced at Rs. 4,000 average per 
bottle available in 30 countries and 22 states in India. Fast growing and 
evolving category, gin as you know. Proudly, we have 50% market 
share of the luxury segment in gin. Jaisalmer Gold is another brand 
which is a higher variant and will be launched in India again in Q1-Q2 
with a 50% higher consumer price, approximately Rs. 6,000 a bottle.  
Then in the luxury segment we have Royal Ranthambore which is 
priced approximately at Rs. 1800, available now in 20 states. You will 
be surprised, we have registered more than 100% growth in this brand 
in such a short period of time in FY24. The brand has taken off, its 
buoyant and a brand to watch out for and brand for the future for 
Radico.  

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Another product that we recently launched was Magic Moments Pink. 
Very encouraging response from day one. Priced higher compared to 
Magic flavor. Very healthy brand contribution, launched in 10 states by 
now and Magic Moments itself as Mr. Abhishek Khaitan has pointed 
out crossed Rs. 1,000 crores sales mark with a volume of 6.3 million 
cases and a +60% market share.  
Another one in the portfolio 8PM Premium Black, available now in 24 
states. We've launched the convenience pack for our loyal customers 
and to recruit new customers, it's called the hipster pack. This will 
further push volumes. It's right now a +3 million case brand and 
growing very rapidly.  
South India is a brandy market. Now, I am talking about the premium 
and super premium segment of the brandy segment where a bottle is 
priced at Rs. 1,000, Rs. 1,100 is Morpheus Black and Morpheus Blue at 
Rs. 1,400. We are available in 26 states. The vision was for the first time 
which any company thought about to make brandy a national product 
and we have successfully achieved that goal. So, gentlemen we have 
achieved 1.3 million cases of brandy, selling nationally across the 
country and the only brand to be national. It's a very high contribution 
category again.  
Very recently we launched Happiness in three variants. Happiness in a 
bottle. It's a gin. in the mid-price segment in the premium category. 
We have test marketed it in four states. It started picking up. We plan 
to launch it in 10 states during the year ‘24-25.  
And last but not the least we have launched 1965 Premium Rum. Rum 
is normally considered to be a cheap product in India, but we launched 
it at a premium price higher than the other large selling rum segment. 
And today we have 18% market share in Defense and 14% market 
share in the domestic market. The brands are all organic.  
Radico continues to launch premium brands in the times ahead. 
Overseas we have launched a product called Kohinoor Indian Dark 
Rum at USD$50, the beauty of international market and we desire to 
bring in India as well in the times ahead depending upon allocation.  
Now there are many more, gentlemen, on the drawing board, ready to 
take on the world. Premiumization story that Radico has is going well 
on track. The market share in the P&A category is on the increase and 
I repeat faster than the industry. Next 3 years will surprise the tipplers 
across the world. Market leadership position as you see, has already 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
been obtained in India in the white spirits which is vodka and gin. And 
we are already leaders in the brandy segment in the premium and 
super premium category and of course rum as I said. So, vodka, gin, 
brandy and rum are taken care of. Whisky has started creating waves 
with brands like Royal Ranthambore, 8PM Black, Rampur Single Malt 
not only in India but also globally.  
Gentlemen, the big growth drivers are the gin and vodka category as 
of now and Radico continues to grow at a much higher rate in the 
premium segments compared to the industry. The P&A industry has 
increased nationally for the industry and so has Radico. But the big 
story is that the P&A industry actually grew for the industry at an X rate 
and Radico grew at 2X rate.  
The top end of the premium portfolio is growing faster. P&A brands 
have grown at a CAGR of 13% since 2019 and now 45.6% of total IMFL. 
There is a sustainable improvement in realization per case.  
We are probably one of the larger companies which has 7 millionaire 
brands in our portfolio. And our premium brands continue to show 
very healthy growth. So, gentlemen we are making India proud and the 
world proud of India as well. So, thank you very much. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Amar, for giving such detailed elaborative brand related 
vision and aspirations.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock 
Broking.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
My question on realization growth. If I see that P&A realization growth 
has now dropped and it is more or less anniversarized, how do we see 
that? What kind of product mix improvement would lead to the 
realization growth? What kind of realization growth we can expect in 
FY25 for P&A?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
So Dhiraj actually we can't see this on quarter-on-quarter basis but if 
you see on annualized basis, the growth in realization because of the 
product mix and the kind of brands which are being launched and 
taking spread, I think 600 basis point to 700 basis point, we can see as 
an impact on account of that in our P&A category between volume and 
value.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So, if we are expecting like 15% volume growth and 6 percentage 
points of realization growth we can expect on annualized basis.  

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes, annualized basis 500 to 600 basis point on account of brand 
product mix.  
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And just wanted to confirm that is there any one-off in P&A volume 
growth in this quarter? So earlier we were clocking more than almost 
30% this value growth and with 20% plus volume growth and this 
quarter we have 14%. Is there any one off in this quarter?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, this is not one-off but as a strategy some brand in one state has 
been given further on royalty. So those have come below the line over 
in royalty volume than it was earlier in P&A category. And it is 
depending on state route to the market, etc. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And second and last question on this realization profitability of non-
IMFL business that how we should look forward for that.  
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, after the price increase, as last year we were in negative EBITDA 
margins, we are now making mid-single digit EBITDA margin on non-
IMFL business. Some of the impact has also been seen there because 
of the grain prices. If this grain prices as we see signs of some 
softening, we expect that margin on the non-IMFL also to stabilize at 
late single digits like 9%-10% will be the ideal situation. 
Dhiraj Mistry:  
For FY25? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
Yes, FY25.  
Dhiraj Mistry:  
This would be on a for average for FY25 or exit of FY25? 
Dilip Banthiya:  
No, I think average of FY25. Some you will see from Q2 onward.  
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Karan Taurani from Elara Capital.  
Karan Taurani: 
My first question was on the regular volume decline. So of course there 
are two parts to it. One is the price hike that you've taken and second 
is the deliberate attempt to supply to drive better profitability. So how 
should one foresee regular volumes in FY25 given the scenario right 
now? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, Karan, first of all this year because of election there were certain 
excise policy which got delayed. And because of that there is a pipeline 
filling in certain states also which did not happen and in particular 
those state where the EDP of regular category was much higher than 
others. At the same time there is a large state in the South where the 
price increase has happened and when it happens then the MRP goes 
up and it takes some time to readjust this thing. So that will get 
adjusted in a couple of quarters. Another is Delhi which is kind of 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
unstable market still because of obvious reason and in certain markets 
like Kerala we discontinued certain brands because of the lower 
contribution. But as we say, and Amar can further add, that we expect 
back the regular growth because we have seen these kinds of 
corrections and I think 3%-4% kind of growth in the regular category in 
FY25 is the one which we plan for.  
Amar Sinha: 
So yes, I think the regular category is something that does not concern 
us so much right now. With the softening of raw material prices and 
packaging prices we will probably recover volumes also. And the post-
election, the election phenomena will get over say by the end of 
Quarter 1.  
Karan Taurani: 
And about profitability margins. So of course, you are mentioning that 
commodity prices are pulling off. You also start seeing positive impact 
of backward integration. So, any kind of aspirational EBITDA margin 
brand towards FY26 that you would like to maintain, whether it's 14%-
16% or 15% to 17% any band on EBITDA margin? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we have said in our opening remark, from here onward, we should 
continue to have an improved EBITDA margin quarter after quarter 
and in particular from Q2 onward you will see that trajectory. And I 
think our aspiration to bring this to mid-teens kind of margin remains 
because of product premiumization and some price increases. In 2 to 
3 years, we will again 100 to 125 basis point of increase in FY26 further. 
So, 16% to 17% kind of margin is expected by ‘26.  
Karan Taurani: 
And lastly any potential price hikes expected post elections in any of 
the states? 
Amar Sinha: 
We have received price increase in 15 states already in the recent past 
last year. So, I think right now it's too early to look for a price increase 
again. It's an ongoing process where we keep talking to the 
government based on cost inflation with which the process continues. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the lion of Pratik Patel from Nifty Millioner.  
Pratik Patel: 
My question is regarding like I was reading about some Indri Indian 
Single Malt, and they have sold the 1 lakh cases in 2 years. So, does it 
affect our brands, existing brands like Rampur and all? So, I want to 
understand the scenario where the market is expanding or whether 
we are losing the market share? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Actually, Rampur Indian Single Malt is absolutely in a different 
category. It's a super luxury single malt. And compared to the 
competition it is priced double. So, the price point comparison is not 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
there with any of the Indian single malls. And Rampur itself as Amar 
was saying has shown a phenomenal growth of 138% in the last year 
and it continues to grow because it's on allocation.  
Sanjeev Banga: 
Just to add what Abhishek has said, it's also important that more single 
malts coming into the Indian market is expanding the single malt 
category as a whole. So, which bodes very well for the category in the 
medium and long term and then in any case here the product, the 
quality, the packaging, everything plays a good part, and we are well 
positioned to encash on that growing category.  
Pratik Patel: 
I was reading one report regarding this Indian like IMFL side, the global 
acceptance is increasing of Indian brands. So, what is your outlook 
regarding our brands on our export side or out of India?  
Sanjeev Banga: 
There are two segments in terms of international market for Indian 
brands. One is the luxury category which has the Indian Single Malt, 
Indian Craft Gin. Now we've launched the World Malt Sangam, World 
Malt as well as soon to be released in the international market the 
Indian Dark Rum. And then there is the IMFL category over there. 
There is obviously a growing acceptance of the luxury portfolio across 
the world and people are looking at new innovative products. And 
Indian products are now being greatly appreciated not only by the 
Indian diaspora but even the mainstream consumers. The fact is that 
if you go to any fine dining Indian restaurant anywhere in the world, 
whether it is New York, whether it is London or Dubai. They are so 
proudly serving and displaying the Indian luxury products and that is 
giving a big boost. And mind you, most of the people who go to these 
fine Indian restaurants apart from the ethnized or the Indian diaspora 
are the mainstream consumers as well which get a taste of the Indian 
luxury products and helps the retail market as well. So, the growing 
acceptance of Indian products is a very heartening thing across the 
globe.  
Pratik Patel: 
Can you define, if you can share it like what are the factors that is 
driving this big change about Indian brands? Is it a quality or maybe 
the taste or what? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
There are a couple of things. One is the overall confidence imagery 
that of India has improved in the global market. Now, India, the way 
Indian economy is growing, the way Indians are traveling, the way 
Indians are spending money as well. So, everyone is looking forward 
to Indians being there. Most of the countries are not talking of either 
a long-term visa or visa free entry for India because they all realized 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
how much the Indian travelers are contributing to that. Second is the 
passion that Indians outside have for products coming from India 
because they are now competing with all the world class brands over 
there. All this is helping in creating a huge market for Indian Beverage 
Alcohol products in the international market.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Agrwal from Nardi 
Investment.  
Abhishek Agrwal: 
In next 3 to 4 years, India market reached a 90% mark. So, what is our 
capex plan for the next 3 to 4 year or we have enough capacity to take 
opportunity from this market increase 32 billion to 90 billion? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As far as capex is concerned, we have done a large capex and there is 
no further capex which is on an anvil. At the same time, the next 4 to 
6 years, I think we will be living with our distillation capacity. We have 
currently 29 million volume and we can cater to because outsourcing 
availability of ENA from other sources for regular category. So don't 
see significant capex and there will be a normal capex, maintenance 
capex which has run rate of Rs. 60 to 70 crores per annum.   
Abhishek Agrwal: 
And what is the Radico market share in India?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have around 8% market share. However, our market share is 
across board. But however, where price point where we are in, in case 
of premium segment it is much more only those segments then it will 
be around 13%-14%. But we are not available in the cheap or economy 
segments. All these are part of the 400 million cases. So, we are not 
present there. The market share on the board is 8%. But if we take out 
only the places where we are doing much more. 
Abhishek Agrwal: 
And the last if we do capex of Rs. 1, so what is our asset turnover? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Asset turnover, we don't count that way. Most of the capex, we did in 
last 10 year other than these large capex of Sitapur on greenfield 
project, we have done on our branded business. And branded 
business capex doesn't have that one-on-one ratio. Otherwise at 
present the Company's turnover is 4,000 crores and gross block is 
2,000 crores and, in this business, there is a lot of outsourcing which 
happens. So, outsourcing will leverage us for the volume growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Broking.  

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have just two questions. Out of 11.3 million cases what we have 
closed grown at 20% in FY24, what would be Rampur absolute number 
and Royal Ranthambore? This would have been excess of 500,000. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As far as Jaisalmer is concerned, we have already said that we have 
50% of the whole luxury gin segment. And this gin segment is more 
than a lakh case. Rampur Indian Single Malt, we have had 140% 
growth. Presently on top line side it is 6.5% of the IMFL branded 
business. As we are growing, I think 10% double digit out of the luxury 
segment is the aspiration for the 1-1.5 year.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I am just saying put together Rampur and Ranthambore would be 
close to about 500,000 cases of 11.5? 
Amar Sinha: 
 
We don't share numbers like this. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Not asking exact numbers but it would be more than 500,000.  
Dilip Banthiya:  
500,000 will take some time actually. 500,000 for these luxury brands 
doesn't work like that frankly. And that too at Rs. 8,000 and above level 
in the case of Rampur and Rs. 4,000 for Craft Gin. But, definitely our 
growth is showing us that there is good growth potential in these 
brands.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question is out of 11.3 million cases what we have closed 
in FY24, what is the CSD and what is the international part in this?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, CSD as an overall volume is around 9% and export is around 
volume side is 4.5% percent. In value terms CSD is around 11.5% to 
12% and export 8.5% to 9%.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jasdeep Walia from Clock Wine 
Capital.  
Jasdeep Walia: 
What percentage of your sales is the luxury, semi luxury and super 
premium category taken altogether?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we have already in our presentation that volume side, the premium 
category which we start from Prestige & Above is 49.6% of the overall 
volume and value terms it is 73%.  
Jasdeep Walia: 
But I am asking about only three categories luxury, semi luxury and 
super premium, altogether what percentage of sales is it these three 
categories by value?  
Dilip Banthiya:  
This will be in value terms around 12%-13%.  
Jasdeep Walia: 
How are you placed with respect to capacity for your luxury, semi 
luxury and super premium brands like Rampur, Royal Ranthambore, 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Jaisalmer Gin, do you have enough capacities to take care of growth in 
the next 1 or 2 years?  
Abhishek Khaitan: 
See as far as Jaisalmer goes, we have tripled our capacities, so I think 
capacity won't be an issue. And as far as Royal Ranthambore also 
capacity is not an issue for us. Rampur yes, is on allocation but we've 
invested a lot into the maturation. And that's why if you see we've had 
a growth of more than 100% in the current year and we expect in the 
next 3 years the volume to double from here because we would have 
sufficient malt to cater.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj Kumar from Kotak 
Securities.  
Pankaj Kumar: 
One question is on the non-IMFL side of your business. This year we 
have roughly reported some 1,300 crores sales revenue out of it. Can 
you give us some outlook for next year, how do you see that going?  
Dilip Banthiya: 
Non-IMFL has a quarterly run rate of around Rs. 400 to 415 crores and 
next year with all capacity utilization being utilized for full year, it will 
be Rs. 1,600 crores and the ratio of IMFL and non-IMFL branded is two-
third, one third.  
Pankaj Kumar: 
And in FY24 what was the margin in this non-IMFL and how do you see 
in FY25?  
Dilip Banthiya:  
As I said it is mid-single digit margins in non-IMFL.  
Pankaj Kumar:  
And next year you are saying 9% sort of margin.  
Dilip Banthiya:  
Yes, we expect that to stabilize between 8% to 9%.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Narendra Porwal, an 
individual investor.  
Narendra Porwal: 
How much percentage do we have in Rampur Single Malt turnover in 
this quarter, how much crores have we earned?  
Dilip Banthiya:  
We can't say about brand specific, but we already answered you on 
luxury and semi luxury which is in the range of 11%-12% of our top line 
from branded business. 
Narendra Porwal: 
But in our segment in the Indian brand the way it has succeeded, so 
don’t you think we should also take part in this as lot of competition 
will be there in this price range. We should also launch some product 
in this price range. The way Indri has done 1 lakh cases, and it is 
competing with the foreign brand also. I have seen the ground report 
from mass population wherever we go everyone, and every 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
shopkeeper is asking for Indri Single Malt. So why are we not launching 
in that price range in that segment? 
Amar Sinha: 
I will take your question. See, in any category in any country, there is 
always a high price segment and there is a mid-and low-price segment. 
Malt whiskies are also seeing a similar feature in India. It's an evolving 
category. As far as the luxury segment is concerned, Rampur has taken 
the lead and will continue to strengthen its portfolio in the times ahead 
and we don't see competition coming close to us, one. As far as the 
lower and mid segments of malt are concerned, we are preparing well 
for it. And soon in India we are going to introduce our Sangam World 
Malt and we are already close to launching it. So yes, to answer your 
question we are also gearing up to meet the requirements of that 
segment. 1999 Pure Malt Whisky has already been launched; test 
marketed in UP. We have got a good response that will also be spread 
across 10 states in the next 6 months.  
Narendra Porwal: 
So, this single malt raw material are we making it or taking from the 
market? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Single Malt, you cannot buy the material from outside, so it is all 
produced within house for the Single Malt. 
Dilip Banthiya:  
Produced and matured.  
Moderator: 
We have one last question from the line of Anurag Jain, an individual 
investor.  
Anurag Jain: 
My question is on the export segment. How has been the performance 
of the export segment during full year FY24 versus FY23?  
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of the export market, our luxury portfolio continues to grow 
and expand. We had to rationalize in terms of some of the IMFL brands 
because of the currency issues in couple of African markets. So, our 
focus is not so much on the volume, but it is more on value creation 
and expanding our luxury portfolio. This year our focus is going to be 
more on expanding our luxury portfolio in Travel Retail, which is the 
duty-free channel across the world. And the response from all the 
customers and operators has been very positive. So, we are very 
positive of continuing with export growth.  
Amar Sinha: 
And just to add to that, we have registered a 10% increase in our export 
sales compared to last year and the saliency in our entire portfolio for 
exports has also increased.  

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you sir.  
Dilip Banthiya: 
We will continue to deliver a strong P&A volume growth driven by our 
diverse brand portfolio. A focused approach in sales & marketing, and 
consumer centric thought process coupled with an integrated 
business model which allow us to capitalize on the opportunities in the 
Indian AlcoBev industry.  
We look forward to interacting with you in our next earning call. In the 
meanwhile, if you have any queries, please follow up and please feel 
free to write to us. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
