 
 
 
Angel One Limited
CIN:  L67120MH1996PLC101709, 
SEBI Registration No Stock Broker:INZ000161534, 
CDSL: IN-DP-384-2018, PMS:INP000001546, 
Research Analyst: INH000000164, Investment Advisor: INA000008172, 
AMFI Regn. No. ARN–77404, PFRDA, Regn. No.-19092018. 
Corporate & Regd Ofﬁce:
601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, 
Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400093.  
T: (022) 2820 5943  |  (022) 4000 3600 
F: (022) 4000 3609 
E: support@angelone.in 
www.angelone.in 
To, 
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001.
Symbol: ANGELONE
Scrip Code: 543235 
 
 
Subject: Filing of the transcript of earnings call with analysts and investors under Regulation 
30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Further to our intimation on March 27, 2024, intimating of the earnings call with analysts and 
investors hosted by the Company on April 18, 2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the said earnings call for your reference and records.      
 
The transcript of the earnings call will be posted on the Company’s website at www.angelone.in.     
 
You are requested to take note of the same.    
 
 
For Angel One Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Naheed Patel 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS: 22506 
 
 
 
Date: April 23, 2024 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: As above 
 
NAHEED 
REHAN 
PATEL
Digitally signed 
by NAHEED 
REHAN PATEL 
Date: 2024.04.23 
12:03:54 +05'30'

 
 
Angel One Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call 
April 18, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Dinesh 
Thakkar 
Vineet 
Agrawal 
Amit 
Majumdar 
Ravish 
Sinha 
Jyotiswarup 
Raiturkar 
Ankit 
Rastogi 
Chairman & 
Managing 
Director 
Chief Financial 
Officer 
 
ED - Strategic 
Initiatives 
 
Chief Product & 
Technology 
Officer 
Chief Technology 
Officer 
 
Chief Product 
Officer 
 
Nishant 
Jain 
Prabhakar 
Tiwari 
Ketan 
Shah 
Deepak 
Chandani 
Anuprita 
Daga 
Meenal 
Maheshwari 
Shah 
Chief Business 
Officer – Assisted 
Business 
Chief Growth 
Officer 
 
Chief Strategy 
Officer 
 
Chief Data 
Officer 
 
Group Chief 
Information & 
Security Officer 
Group General 
Counsel 
 
Dr. Pravin 
Bathe 
Subhash 
Menon 
Saurabh 
Agarwal 
Devender 
Kumar 
Bhavin 
Parekh 
Hemen Bhatia 
Chief Legal & 
Compliance 
Officer 
Chief Human 
Resources 
Officer 
Chief of New 
Business 
Head of Online 
Revenues 
Head of 
Operations, Risk 
& Surveillance 
CEO – Asset 
Management 
Srikanth 
Subramanian 
Hitul 
Gutka 
 
 
 
 
Co-founder – 
Angel One 
Wealth 
Head of Investor 
Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been included / omitted due to 
human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
 
 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Angel One Limited Q4 FY’24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and 
then "0" on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this 
call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hitul Gutka from Angel One limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Hitul Gutka: 
Good morning and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Angel 
One’s Q4 FY’24 financial and business performance. The recording of today’s earnings 
call and transcript will be uploaded on our website under the Investor Relations section. 
The financial results, investor presentation and press release are also available on the 
website. 
For today’s call, Angel One is represented by Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Vineet Agrawal – Chief Financial Officer. We also have the senior leadership 
team of Angel One, along with SGA, our IR consultants. 
The leadership team will give us a brief overview of the operational and the financial 
performance of the quarter gone by, which will be followed by a question and answer 
session. Please note that there may be certain forward-looking statements made during 
the call which must be viewed in aggregate with the risks that the company faces. 
With this brief introduction, I now invite Dinesh Thakkar for his opening remarks. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you, Hitul. Good morning, everyone. 
In the financial technology industry where innovation is the currency of progress, Angel 
One has stood as a beacon of excellence for three decades. Today, as we gather 
virtually here, I am filled with gratitude for the journey we have traversed, milestones 
we have achieved, the trust we have garnered among our clients. Our legacy is one of 
relentless pursuit of excellence, innovation and trust. Through this pursuit, we have 
established ourselves as a formidable player in India’s fintech landscape, where our 
name resonates as a symbol of reliability and innovation. Our digital outreach has 
enabled clients located beyond metros and tier-one cities to access and consume 
capital market products. This democratization of financial services has been one of our 
pillars of growth and we continue to deepen our roots into untapped opportunities. As 
we have reinvested in expanding our client base and offering them a more robust 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 3 of 24 
 
platform, we have witnessed very strong growth. I am delighted to share that our 
average daily order have grown 86% between Q1 and Q4 of FY’24, in that process, 
achieving the peak orders per day of more than 10 million. This growth is testament to 
the resonance of our vision and the effectiveness of our performance. 
With strong growth comes the responsibility to ensure adequate capitalization to sustain 
and fuel our expansion. In this spirit, we recently completed a capital raise of Rs.15 
billion which will be primarily used for margin monies with stock exchange and the 
growth of our MTF book. These efforts underscores our commitment to prudently 
manage our resources. 
We are extremely thrilled and humbled by the overwhelming response our fundraise 
received from both domestic and foreign investors as a testament to the confidence 
they have in our vision and strategy. To all our investors, both existing and new, I extend 
my heartfelt gratitude for your invaluable support and belief in our journey. 
Turning to our operational performance, I am delighted to share with you that the Angel 
has once again delivered a historic performance during the quarter. We have 
experienced our highest ever quarterly gross acquisition, expanding our client base to 
new high of over 22 million. Furthermore, our client executed over 470 million orders 
during the quarter. This client surge, coupled with robust activity witnessed on our 
platform across our product and service offering, reconfirm the resilience and the 
scalability of our systems. 
At the heart of our growth story, lies an unwavering commitment to client centricity. This 
ethos has guided us through our digital transformation journeys, enabling us to build a 
solid roster of clients who not only transact with us but also advocate for us. Each cohort 
acquired has consistently given us stable revenue every year. Our vintage clients too, 
who have been with us for more than five years, continue to contribute very healthy 
revenues even today. With higher client acquisition year-over-year, their revenue 
contribution is consistent like the previously acquired cohort. The stability and 
profitability exhibited by each cohort and the continuous influx of new clients serves as 
a bedrock for our future growth. 
Our digital model not only enables us to penetrate deeper into market but also fosters 
long-term relationship with the younger demography, driving value creation and client 
longevity. Through this digital engagement, clients from every acquired year tend to 
become active and transact in one or more segment over time. For instance, about 54% 
of clients acquired in FY’21 became active over the next four years and continue to 
engage on our platform across multiple segments. It is heartening to note that even in 
respect of clients who commenced their journey as a trader, an overwhelming majority 
of them eventually build long-term equity portfolio, thus realizing the virtues of investing 
in equity as an asset class. This journey of value enhancement from novice trader to 
mature investor is extremely encouraging and defines client longevity on our platform, 
thus ensuring sustained growth in the lifetime value of the customer. It also motivates 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 4 of 24 
 
us to offer our clients other value-added services and partner with them in their quest 
for wealth creation. 
As we chart the course for the future, our focus remains steadfast to enhance client 
experience on our platform through superior engagement journeys and product 
enhancement to create value at every touch point. We continued our focus on further 
fine tuning our KYC journey, which is the first point of client interaction with our systems. 
We undertook development on the Super App with the rollout of dedicated sections for 
option strategies, allowing traders to discover and execute predefined and custom 
strategies easily. We also released a dedicated option expiry section which simplifies 
trading option on expiry days. To encourage creating long-term investing behavior, we 
enhanced journey for the cash segment as we introduce stock widget featuring a list of 
popular stocks, most-traded stocks on the homepage, a predefined watch list 
segmented to some predefined personas. 
Dedicated to revolutionise client engagement and experience, our assisted business 
has been building a dynamic array of products. As a part of development, we are 
transforming the NXT application, a universal platform for all our channel partners. 
Key developments currently being carried out include intuitive and intelligent features, 
empowering our channel partners for better lead generation and management. With 
clear call to action button and high degree of personalization, the platform acts as a 
personalized communication engine for our channel partners. 
In our Mutual Fund journey, client can now customize SIP amount and dates, compare 
up to three Mutual Funds across all available parameters and track portfolio growth 
against indices. These innovations are driving significant growth in SIP adoption, 
reinforcing our position as a second largest player in incremental registered SIP. This 
underscores the effectiveness of our Super App strategy and the value it delivers to our 
clients. Last quarter alone, we registered nearly 1.4 million unique SIP, showcasing our 
commitment to guiding clients on their long-term investing journey and enhancing 
engagement on our platform. 
Efforts continued during the quarter to seamlessly integrate credit and fixed income 
product into our platform, which is currently undergoing beta testing with select clients. 
Having crafted the MVP for this offering and initiating rigorous testing to ensure reliability 
and effectiveness, we expect to scale up the operation over the next few quarters. 
On the AMC front, we have onboarded the core leadership team who have been 
working to get the final approval from the regulator for the swift launch. 
With respect to our Wealth Management foray, I am happy to introduce to you the team 
led by Srikanth Subramanian as the co-founders of our Wealth Management business. 
Srikanth has extensive experience at Kotak Mahindra Bank in life insurance, private 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 5 of 24 
 
bank including global wealth management and investment advisory and more 
prominently in the WelthTech initiatives at Kotak Cherry. 
The co-founders offer decade of combined deep domain expertise across the function 
of wealth business and demonstrate impeccable skills to scale the wealth business with 
the sharp focus on tech-led models. While we will target the fast-growing segment of 
UHNI and HNI, we endure to progressively democratize this offering to the 
underrepresented segment in retail through differentiated digital offerings. 
During the quarter, we further solidified our management bandwidth with the onboarding 
of Meenal Maheshwari Shah as our Group General Counsel. With a remarkable career 
spanning over 14-years, Meenal’s expertise extends to working on diverse legal 
transaction, navigating complex legal landscape and providing insightful counsel on 
legal, policy and regulatory matters. Prior to joining Angel One, Meenal served as a 
group legal director and data protection officer at LemmaTree PTE Limited, a subsidiary 
of TEMASEK, led the legal counsel function at Essar and Times of India. 
We have secured the associate partner sponsorship for the coveted India Premier 
League (IPL) for five years starting in 2024. This sponsorship promises us extensive 
brand visibility, through on-ground digital and televised media, allowing us to engage 
with wider audience, particularly in tier-2 and tier-3 cities and beyond. 
Our investments in Q4 FY’24 reflects our proactive stance in expanding our team, client 
base and technological capabilities to continuously prime our client experience. While 
these investments may impact short-term margins, they are crucial to our long-term 
growth and profitability. 
Let me now take you through some of our operational highlights. We onboarded about 
2.9 million clients within a quarter, stacking up the total client base of 22.2 million clients. 
This serves as a testament to our commitment to operational excellence. Robust client 
activity drew us 35% sequential increase in total executed orders for the quarter. The 
ADTO on our platform continued its uptrend, growing by 23% quarter-on-quarter to 
nearly Rs.44 trillion. 
Looking ahead, we anticipate sustained growth, requiring increased working capital 
deployment. Consequently, the Board has decided to defer the dividend payout for the 
next few quarters to conserve resources, optimize our balance sheet and support our 
growth trajectory. 
Now, Vineet will walk you through our financial performance before we open the floor 
to your questions. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Thank you, Dineshbhai. Good morning, everyone. 
As highlighted by Dineshbhai, Q4 of FY24 has been a very strong operational quarter 
for us as we achieved our historic best performance yet again with average daily orders 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 6 of 24 
 
growing by 32.3% sequentially to 7.73 million, taking our aggregate order count higher 
by 34.5% sequentially to 471 million in Q4 of FY’24. 
We clocked our highest ever quarterly gross total revenue at Rs.13.6 billion, registering 
a 28% quarter-on-quarter growth. Gross broking revenue grew by 30% quarter-on-
quarter to Rs.9.2 billion. Gross broking revenues accounted for 68% of our gross total 
revenues. Within this F&O continues to drive the gross broking revenue contributing 
85% in Q4 of FY’24, while the share of cash and commodity segments remain stable at 
11% and 4% respectively. Since the majority of our clients are part of our direct 
business, their share in the net broking revenue stood at approximately 77% while the 
balance 23% was contributed by clients acquired through our assisted business. 
Our volumes in the cash delivery segment continue to improve. Higher activity in this 
segment is an important lever for the growth of our client funding book, which grew by 
9.1% sequentially to average at Rs.20.3 billion for the quarter. This led to a 
corresponding growth in the interest we earned on this book. The interest earned on 
client funding, along with the interest earned on deposits with exchanges, led to a 16.6% 
sequential growth in our total interest income to Rs.2.5 billion, thus accounting for about 
18% of the total gross revenues for the quarter. 
The ancillary transaction income, linked to the turnover clients do on our platform, grew 
by 34.7% quarter-on-quarter to approximately Rs.1.1 billion, accounting for nearly 8% 
of our Q4 total gross revenues. 
Finance cost was higher by about 56% quarter-on-quarter to Rs.556 million in Q4 of 
FY’24 due to a combination of higher average borrowings and higher cost of funds for 
the period. Higher borrowings were in line with the growth in client funding book and 
borrowings availed to fulfill margin obligations with the clearing corporation. The overall 
finance cost for the year has been within the anticipated increase as envisaged last 
year on account of incremental working capital required to manage the bank guarantee 
requirements for margin obligation. 
With every trading day as an expiry day for indices across NSE and BSE, and growing 
volumes, the working capital requirement for broking businesses of our scale and size 
have increased considerably over the last few quarters. 
Employee benefit expenses including cost of granting ESOPs, was at about Rs.1.59 
billion for the quarter, sequentially higher by 12% due to additional headcount primarily 
in the Wealth Management business, ramp up of our asset management business, data 
analytics, technology and product functions. 
Our other opex for the quarter clocked at Rs.4.3 billion being 33% higher sequentially, 
driven by 17% growth in our client acquisitions, leading to an increase in one-time client 
acquisition cost and onboarding cost. Other expenses for the quarter also include 
Rs.227 million, apportioned towards IPL associate sponsorship for related and related 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 7 of 24 
 
digital and media advert spend. Operating expenses were also higher on account of 
higher spends on cloud infrastructure in line with the growth of the business. Here, I 
would like to inform you that Angel One will continue to invest in scaling up its brand 
over the next few years. In the ongoing quarter, we intend to spend about Rs.1.2 billion 
towards the remainder of the annual sponsorship cost and digital and electronic media 
advert throughout the ongoing IPL season. Our brand spend thereafter for the rest of 
the year will be in line with earlier trends. However, such spends will help us to 
significantly amplify the brand across the country, giving us better reach to our target 
audience. 
Our consolidated EBDAT margin expanded to 44.8% for the quarter versus 44% in Q3 
of FY’24. This margin remains within our guided range. The upfront one-time investment 
in acquiring more clients today helps us to grow the business going forward, thus 
reaping benefits of better operating leverage. 
Depreciation and amortization costs increased by 27% to Rs.167 million in Q4 of FY’24 
on account of augmentation of technology assets at a data center and disaster recovery 
site, required to manage the growing client base and order volumes. 
Our consolidated profit after tax from continuing operations grew by 31% quarter-on-
quarter from Rs.2.6 billion in Q3 to over Rs.3.4 billion in Q4, making this our highest 
ever quarterly profit. 
Our FY’24 total gross revenues and profit after tax grew by 42% year-on-year and 26% 
year-on-year to Rs.42.8 billion and Rs.11.3 billion respectively. Period ending cash and 
cash equivalent increased to Rs.98.4 billion on the back of an increase in clients 
margins and cash generated from the business. Period end client funding book grew to 
nearly Rs.17.7 billion compared to Rs.11.5 billion as of March 2023. The consolidated 
networth of the company grew to Rs.30.4 billion. This does not include the recently 
concluded fund raise of Rs.15 billion as the funds came in early April. As we continue 
to operate the business within our desired margin profile, our FY’24 return on average 
equity remains healthy at 43.3%. 
The funds raised via QIP have been deployed as working capital into the business. The 
current quarter will have some elevated costs on account of IPL, annual increments and 
new stock grants, which will have an impact on the margin of the business for this 
quarter. The ROE post the fund raise will also see a decline before gradually going back 
with growth benefits of deployment coming in towards the end of the financial year. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for further discussion. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Two, three questions from my side. First, in terms of your broking business, so the major 
metric which is the number of orders we are doing in a day, if you could give us some 
idea in terms of this growth, how much of that has come from what you alluded in your 
initial speech that the number of days when expiry is happening has gone up. So, that 
must be one of the factors. What are the other factors which would have taken this 
number up for the quarter, including maybe client activation or existing clients trading 
more. If you could give some ballpark quantification of that, that would be very helpful? 
And going ahead, what would be your aspirations to take this number because we have 
already seen a sizable jump in the number from where it was seen in FY23 and can it 
see a similar level of traction going ahead, what would be your aspiration if I were to 
ask you on that? So, that would be my first question and also maybe an addendum to 
that is if you could also give some color on what proportion of this number of orders that 
are coming in is coming from your engagement with BSE, that would be very helpful. 
So, that is the first part. The other things that the branding spend that you have 
mentioned, is it inclusive of the IPL-related costs that would be there in the P&L, if you 
could give some color on that? Sir, if you could also explain the pie chart in Slide #10, 
which you have highlighted, in particular, wanted to understand that two cohorts that 
you have provided FY’21 and FY’22, you have given a number which is close to around 
50%, 54% for FY’21 set of clients and 49% for FY’22 set of clients who have transacted. 
So, what happens for the other close to 50% clients are? So, is there a scope of kind of 
accreting revenue out of them in future or would they remain as inactive customers and 
what broader message you would like to give to this slide if you could highlight that? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
First, I’ll just answer in terms of increase in orders. If you see when we started this 
financial year, we were clocking around 42 lakh orders per day, which in Q4 was 86 
lakh orders per day. Parallelly, if you look customers that we were acquiring was around 
4, 4.2 lakh per this thing a month which by Jan and Feb we were clocking around 10 
lakh client per month, that is we’re acquiring around 10 lakh clients per month. So, this 
new set of customers, when they come in, definitely they are active and what orders we 
get from our vintage clients and new cohorts also are of a similar kind of a nature when 
they are onboarded, within 10 to 15 days they are active on our platform. So, primarily 
it is because we have acquired a huge set of customer much beyond growth that we 
regularly clock and due to kind of like vintage clients also being active on our customer 
as we explained in Slide #9 and #10, combined with new set of customers, we saw 
activity growing up. And second proportion of order of BSE, we don’t disclose that, but 
that is not a significant proportion. It is proportionate to whatever order we clock on NSE 
and all that. It is not that BSE has contributed in a big way, although we have a decent 
market share across NSE, BSE and all other segments. On branding spend, yes, what 
we have shown, it includes IPL. Vineet would be the right person to walk you through 
this number. And on Slide #10, specifically, Amit or Vineet, you can take this question. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
On the IPL spend, as I just spoke in the commentary, we spent about Rs.22.7 crores in 
Q4 specifically in the month of March. This includes the proportionate share of the 
sponsorship as well as the spend towards media and digital adverts. So, as you would 
be aware, we’ve won the bid for Rs.82 crores annual bid for associate sponsorship. 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 9 of 24 
 
This what we are doing is we are spreading it across all the matches. So, there are 
about 74, 75 matches to be held in IPL this season, of which about 13 were held in the 
month of March. So, the proportionate share of that Rs.82 crores towards the 
sponsorship cost has been booked in the month of March along with the spends 
towards digital and media adverts, and the balance plus the spend towards digital and 
media adverts would be spent in the month of April, May and June across the entire 
season. That will be roughly in the range of about Rs.1.2 billion or Rs.120 crores. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sir, the remaining amount would be Rs.120 crores. So, nothing additional apart from 
the IPL? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
On the IPL front, this will be the total spend and thereafter we will continue to spend on 
our brands as we do as part of our general spend. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sir, just to clarify one, in Slide #9, you have given that for FY’24, branding spend was 
around Rs.88 crores. So, that number for FY’25, we can take Rs.120 crores. That will 
be a correct number? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
No, Rs.120 crores only is in the first quarter. So, what you can do is you can reduce 
Rs.23 crores from Rs.88 crores and spread it over the balance, say, 10 months to 
understand what is the spend every month going forward in the future. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
So, understandably, sir, on this, the margin outcome of 1Q would be, I mean, lower 
compared to what your guided range is. For the full year, are we confident to remain in 
the guided range? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. So, as I said, this elevated cost is going to be in Q1, but as we go through the 
entire year, the margins would be in the range of the guided range and that’s where we 
always advise our analysts and investors to look at our business from a yearly basis 
and not on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Just to add over here, see, this branding cost and when we are acquiring more customer 
than what we acquired in previous quarter, it will appear there is an impact. As I always 
said, this is kind of an upfront cost. If you refer to Slide #9, we are clearly showing that 
all vintage customers across five years have given us revenue. So, best way would be 
that till the time this phase of growth continues and we are hopeful it will continue for 
many more years, whenever in a quarter we acquire more than what we acquired in 
previous quarter, that will appear as a suppression of margin. But that is only upfronted 
cost which if at all you want to know, annualised kind of an OPM that will help you to 
remove it for time being. And if you are taking it, you divide it by five years because you 
would have apportioned 12.5% of due kind of like cost that we have taken because 
lifetime value of a customer as shown in Slide #9, it is five years and beyond. So, this 
all cost that we are taking upfronted in terms of acquiring more customer and getting 
more market share is making our business model more stronger. 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Sir, on the aspiration in terms of number of orders per day, if you could give some 
colour? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
As I said that till this time we are able to acquire more customers and we are able to 
get revenue from our existing customers. This number of orders will grow. Now, to give 
a number would be like getting into forward-looking statements. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
And if you could take my last question? 
Amit Majumdar: 
Amit here, I’ll perhaps help you understand that slide. A couple of messages that we 
are giving out here. One is if you know the NSE headline active client that you usually 
get to see at the end of the month which NSE publishes, you will see that on an average 
Angel is about 27% to 28% active customers who are active on any given day in a 
rolling 12-month period. So, that’s the data that you see as a headline number. What 
we are trying to convey is that that is not the right way to look at the active customers. 
The right way to look at is how many unique customers are active over a longer period 
of time because not all customers become active in the year in which they are acquired. 
And they begin to test the market, they begin to test the platform, test the process, the 
journey, and then they slowly begin to get active. So, this slide that we are referring to 
actually shows that for FY’21 the cohort of customers that were acquired, close to 54 
customers, 54% of them became active over the next four years. And we looked at that 
for the subsequent years cohort customers. In fact, in the subsequent year, close to 
50% customers became active in the three years that that cohort existed. This implies 
that directionally it can be far more than 50% because all these customers become 
active over time. And that is the power of the platform that we are trying to convey so 
far as Angel is concerned. And in that context too, the other message we wanted to 
convey is even for customers who are doing pure futures and options, over time, after 
having understood the market well, begin to carry out long-term equity investment. And 
therefore, this slide actually shows almost all the F&O customers and there’s a very 
small portion of an F&O customer who have not gone into equity as an asset class, but 
an overwhelming majority of them eventually go into equities, build a portfolio and 
therefore stay consistent on the platform. Now, imagine these customers, even after 
doing F&O, because they have built an equity portfolio, one is, they have tested the fact 
that when they do long-term investment, moneys grow, at the same time they’re now 
going to remain sticky on our platform when it comes to engaging with that customer, I 
hope Swarnabh that is clear to you. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
Just one point. So, the data shows that in both situations that the count for number of 
customers is only cash is higher than what it is for F&O. So, does that mean that people 
who are coming in near large part will actually only do cash and not F&O, am I getting 
it right? 
Amit Majumdar: 
The journey here is that well, majority or at least some portion of our customers when 
they come on our platform, the first point of engagement could remain an F&O, but 
eventually they will also have equity. What this shows is F&O and equity. So, the blue 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 11 of 24 
 
portion is actually F&O and equity. So, around close to about 25% or 30% of them are 
F&O who are also doing equity and close to another about 40% of them are actually 
doing only equity. So, the point is, not everybody is doing F&O. People who are doing 
F&O are also doing cash, and people who are in cash are only doing cash. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: 
I will maybe take this offline to understand this a little better. There have been some 
news flows regarding regulators looking at the F&O space. This has come quite several 
times in the last one year. But any conversations you were having in terms of risk 
management of customers on the F&O side, if you could give some colour? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Currently, if you see there is nothing concrete, whatever like discussion we are having 
with regulator that has been implemented and that is something like does not really 
concern us because their mostly focus is on not to lure a customer, not to kind of show 
wrong loss and profit statements and all that. I think that is quite old news now. There’s 
nothing new that I’ve heard about. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I am referring to Slide #9 on the cohort analysis what you have given. See, if I do a 
simple math there, the revenue earned in that year where you acquired the client and 
do revenue per client in that particular year, then I see there is a structural decline in 
the revenue earned per new client what you have acquired means if I do that math that 
number is Rs.1,860 for FY’20, that number is Rs.700 for FY’24. So, just wanted to 
understand that incremental clients what you are adding, the marginal revenue they are 
bringing is meaningfully lower compared to what you are adding in FY’20. So, just 
wanted to understand that client addition really matters from a revenue growth point of 
view because incrementally the revenue addition seems to be much lower for every 
client you had. That’s my first question. And the second question what I have is that 
with respect to QIP, Rs. 1,500 crores, you raised. Naturally, it will result in reduction in 
the working capital requirement. So, just wanted to understand how much borrowing 
costs will further come down in FY’25 going ahead with the fresh capital coming in? And 
lastly to Vineet, if I understood it right, Rs.120 crores is what you will spend on IPL and 
that number will be a recurring number for next four years. That’s the way I need to look 
at it, right? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So, let me answer the first one. See, on relative basis always when you acquire a new 
client from new territory or a new demography, always it takes time to optimize it. So, 
what we look at is not that okay, we want only customers who give like very high revenue 
and what we look at is what’s the cost to acquire new set of customers. And if that fits 
in our model where we say that whatever cost we take to acquire this customer would 
be able to give us an OPM of around 50% to 60%, we would like to go and expand. 
That is how all digital players have expanded their market share. Traditional brokers 
were stuck with high ticket size. But we thought that we can go into new territories, 
acquire those customers if it is profitable, if unit wise economy is favorable, we should 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 12 of 24 
 
go and acquire those customers. So, if you look at demographic change which has 
happened across years, we are now acquiring customers from tier-3 and beyond. We 
are acquiring customers who are young, millennials and Gen Z and all that. So, these 
are new set of customers who are getting exposure to capital market. What we look at, 
if you look at our margins and all that, this is how we have expanded our market share 
and there is a stickiness of our customers whichever year we have acquired, they 
continue to be on our platform for next years, following years and we are able to cross-
sell many products. So, right now it is too early to say what would be a lifetime value of 
a customer where we haven’t sold all the products to those customers. What we look 
at is cost of acquisition and what would be lifetime value of a customer. With this cohort 
that we are acquiring also shows that lifetime value of an customer would be around in 
the region of 7x. In digital model, I feel that up to the level of 5.5, 6x also we are profitable 
and we can maintain these margins. So, with that approach, every quarter we see what 
are the new kind of areas that we can get into. This process has been going on since 
last three, four years. So, we tried to get into new kind of like channel, new kind of 
demography, new PIN codes and acquire customer. But what we see across years, 
they’re able to give us a decent OPM. So, we would not look at relative basis, we look 
at absolute basis, what’s the cost, what’s the revenue. 
Sanketh Godha: 
A follow-up on that, Dineshbhai. A small clarification. So, the number is Rs.700 per gross 
client today, so any number below which you believe that it is unviable to acquire more 
clients, maybe say Rs.400, Rs.500 -? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
When you see Rs.700, actually, whenever a year complete, client has not completed 
12 months. Some clients we have acquired in the later quarter, some quarter we 
acquired in the previous quarter. If I look at 12 month steady state content revenue, 
there we don’t see any concern like big deterioration or big concern. Vineet, QIP and 
IPL, if you can take. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Sanketh, on the funds raised from QIP, we’ve raised about Rs.1,500 crores and this will 
be deployed across the margins with the exchanges and to grow our MTF book. In 
terms of the finance cost, that is a subjectivity-based question because with the growth 
in the business volumes, the growth in finance cost will be there. But I would tell you 
that it would be in that same range of what we have spent in the last quarter as a 
percentage of the gross revenue, it’s not going to be very different from that. But again, 
it depends on how we grow our client funding book and the volumes of the orders growth 
that we see for the current year. On the IPL cost, the commit - 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I would just like to add over here. Sanketh, this QIP was not to retire debt, it’s a growth 
capital. We can see a huge growth and we would like to deploy this capital for the growth 
of the business be it margin trading book or increasing orders and all that. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
On the IPL, the committed cost for the next four years is about Rs.82.5 crores annual 
and beyond that, whatever we are going to spend on digital and media adverts is over 
and above that. For this year, you’re right, we have committed to spend almost like 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Rs.143, Rs.145 crores over this entire IPL season including the media adverts and 
digital ads. 
Sanketh Godha: 
One small clarification. Rs.120 crores is excluding Rs.22.7 crores you have already 
spent in fourth quarter, right? So, for the full year, cost will be Rs.120 crores? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
No, the cost of this entire IPL sponsorship and related advert spends is Rs.143 crores 
as we see it today, of which Rs.23 crores has been accounted for in Q4 and about 
Rs.120 crores will be accounted for in the current quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, sir, like the spend on IPL now we’ve already have almost seen one month of IPL. 
How has been the impact of the spend that we are doing on this -- Is the experience 
better than what we had thought or what we were doing without IPL, how has been the 
experience so far? Second, in fact, just following up on Sanketh’s question earlier, so if 
we look at that run rate has come off from Rs.1,860 to Rs.700 and even in the second 
year when we look at it, it’s come down from Rs.3,400 to Rs.1,500, for third year again, 
it’s down from Rs.3,000 to Rs.1,600. That has been the declining trend. Whether is this 
something where possibly these are the numbers that we should look at or is there a 
scope for this to further go down? So, the point that I am making is the customers that 
we would have acquired in FY’24 about 8.8 million, they have given around Rs.615 
crores of revenues, so that is Rs.700. So, what would be the number of trades that they 
would have given, whether that is a number that is kind of achievable or possibly further 
more downside can be looked at on this number? And lastly, just a clarification if you 
can give on the presentation Slide # 10, What do you mean by when you say realized 
equity gain of Rs.5.5 billion and unrealized equity gain of Rs.18 billion, could you just 
clarify this for FY’22? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Prayesh Jain, thank you for your compliment first of all. And now coming on IPL spend, 
although it is one month, but like broadly we are looking at increasing visibility of Angel 
One across Tier-3 and beyond and IPL is the best media to really see a jump up in 
terms of spontaneous recall or maybe people recollecting Angel One as a fintech player. 
So, the benefit of this would be a bit long-term, I would say this will take some time for 
this visibility to kick in and result in some good numbers. But what we are seeing is that 
now when we are running our digital campaign and all that, acceptability and kind of 
like recognition is very high, and we believe that this will result in some business 
numbers. And for us, it is important to be visible across all tiers, because mostly 
customers that we are getting is from Tier-3 and beyond and cricket is a very popular 
kind of sport across all age group. So, initial numbers are showing tremendous kind a 
like visibility benefit that we have got. So, we believe this will boil down to business 
numbers. So, that is the main objective that we went for IPL to get a good kind a like 
spontaneous recall and top of the mind recall from audience was looking at digital stock 
broking. In digital space, what happens? There is a space for three players. So, we 
want to see when a prospective customer is thinking about stock broking, does he recall 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 14 of 24 
 
our name on the top? That means you will get a market share of 35% to 40%. He or 
she has to recall that name in at least top three. So, that lead indicators which will help 
us that okay, when this population of people who are having PAN account, internet 
trading, internet account and all that which is around 50 crores to 60 crores. When they 
think about stock broking, are they thinking about Angel One? If the answer is yes, of 
this huge revenue pie that we are going to see in next five, six years, by default there’s 
a lead indicator to suggest that like one out of three is recalling Angel One name. So, 
that’s the purpose of this IPL and branding. Now coming to FY’24, the way you are 
calculating, we acquired 8.8 million, but the revenue of these customers did not come 
for all 12 months. So, if you see our most of the acquisition has happened in December, 
Jan and Feb. So, they haven’t contributed for a total of 12 months. The way we look at 
is that these are lead kind of like parameters for our data science team works that if you 
are getting this kind of like revenue in first month, second month, so they extrapolate 
what kind of in like lifetime value or revenue will get when they complete 12-months. 
And we have been perfect modeling that to the tune of like error of 1.5%, 2%. So, the 
clients that we have acquired clearly show that they are profitable, and they will fall 
within that bracket of breakeven of six to seven months. They will fall in that bracket 
where you would be able to get an OPM of around 50%. So, that is our main objective, 
to be very focused on business metrics. So if a new pocket opens up and we see there 
is a huge potential in terms of increasing lifetime value and our data science team is 
able to extrapolate that trend. So, we try to spend early, and we have been doing it 
since the last three, four years. That’s the secret sauce that we were able to be 
successful in digital model. Now, we have perfected that modeling to an extent, if we 
acquire a customer, we are able to predict what kind of revenue we will get in the next 
12-months. So, then we work out if it fits in our OPM and breakeven period and all that, 
we go aggressive and acquire that market share. On Slide #10, Amit, would you like to 
take it forward on that? 
Amit Majumdar: 
So, Prayesh, on the Slide #10, what we mean by realized gain is these are customers 
who have traded in equity or at least bought an equity and then sold in the course of 
the last four years. So, for customers who were acquired in FY’21 in the four-year period 
that they have been in existence on our platform, some of them would have actually 
sold their portfolio in the course of four years and some have continued to hold the 
portfolio as on 31st March 2024. So, the realized equity gain is that part of the gain that 
was bought and sold in the course of the four years. The unrealized gain is those that 
are getting held, continue to be held as on FY’24 and that value of the portfolio is 
actually worth Rs.66 billion and a gain of Rs.24 billion of that Rs.66 billion, the Rs.66 
billion includes the gain of Rs.24 billion. 
Prayesh Jain: 
But sir, when you say Rs.7.4 billion, does that include only cash portfolio churn or is this 
also includes F&O because these are the clients who are doing both F&O and cash, 
right, so would that mean that they would have also earned some profits on F&O and 
combined or possible in a combination of loss in F&O and gains in cash, is that the right 
way to think about it? 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Amit Majumdar: 
No, Prayesh. So, the purpose of that is to say that there is a realized equity gain. It is 
not about F&O. It’s pure equity gain. The intention here is to say that customers who 
are doing F&O are also doing equity and they are experiencing gain. That’s the purpose 
of the slide. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
There is a concern in the market that people just do F&O. What we want to say is that 
this young population is always attracted towards quick money. But not that once they’re 
unable to achieve something successful in F&O, they stop investing. They move 
towards investment. And once you move towards investment and you see some kind of 
like profit. This would be sticky on our platform because across all that kind of like life 
cycle when this person is thinking about saving instead of going to a bank and putting 
money at 6%, this person has seen the benefit of equity appreciation. This person will 
remain and put all that lifetime savings in equity market, if they learn how to really deal 
with mutual fund, equity, portfolios and all that. So, we are seeing early signs where we 
are seeing customers who started their journey as traders are also moving towards 
equity and creating a portfolio. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Compliment on the amount of data you are disclosing. This is helping us to understand 
the business granularly. Thank you for sharing this information. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: 
On the corporate structure changes that we announced I think one or two quarters back, 
is there any update in the regulatory approval on the corporate structure changes that 
we are planning to do? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
No, we are still engaging with the regulator in terms of making them understand the 
entire structure. So, no update as of now. 
Nidhesh: 
What is the guidance for EBITDA margin -- are you saying that we will be in the guided 
range of 45% to 50% for full year FY’25 even after accounting for IPL cost? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
As I said, if you look at like increased cost in acquisition and cost that we take in IPL, it 
has a huge benefit. But if we stagger it for 12 months, we would be within this range of 
45% to 50% OPM and only impact would be other businesses that we are building that 
can have an impact of around 1.5%, 2%. Vineet, would you like to elaborate that? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So, what we envisage is that we will be in that range of about 45%, 47% for the next 
year, but there will be an impact of about 1.5% on the new businesses that we are 
building across AMC and wealth. So, you can take the average margin profile to be in 
the range of about 43% to 45% for the next year. 
Nidhesh: 
Lastly, the new businesses that we are incubating, how do you think about from a 
medium term perspective, let’s say three, five years, what sort of revenue contribution 
all these new excluding broking business can contribute to our P&L? 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, we see huge kind of synergy and this all business that we are building, 
complements to what we are doing until now. So, when we are talking about acquiring 
customers as we look at the prospect, if we look at that our services should be available 
across all segments, be it mass affluent, HNI, UHNI and all that. So, it will take its own 
time for us to build all that businesses to a level where we say it will have a contribution 
in terms of revenue, profits and all that. But all said and done, we are seeing a huge 
opportunity in both the businesses, particularly Wealth Management where we have got 
very senior kind of like co-founders who know their business and we are excellent at in 
terms of technology and all that, we see a great future. But for this one or two years I 
think broking is doing excellently well and it makes sense for us to invest in future trends. 
Nidhesh: 
But any number you want to put this out, x-percentage of revenue may come from the 
new businesses? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
As we said that in terms of expenses, this will have an impact of around say 1.5% on 
the OPM margin. But in terms of building a business, too early right now, Srikanth, would 
you like to give a brief on this Wealth Management. 
Srikanth Subramanian: As Dinesh mentioned, very early stage, I think the teams have just come on board about 
a month, month and a half back. We do have aspirations to create two large verticals. 
One is to cater to the ultra-high net worth or in other words $5 million plus which is 
something that the team has almost two decades of experience in terms of catering to. 
We think that there are huge opportunities available there in terms of cost overheads 
that can be brought down using technology and that is one of the reasons why we are 
super excited being part of this family which is very efficiently used technology. And the 
second which I think is where a lot of interest also lies for all of us to create is the affluent 
or the emerging HNI as we call where there is a lot of width available for us to take all 
our trade and brand that we have taken so far for the ultra-rich to the next level of 
emerging rich in India. And I think that reach and width is not possible if we don’t marry 
the right domain and right tech, and that is how we are trying to build. As far as some 
guidance is concerned, very early days. I think in some of the other calls that we will 
interact, we will have a little more guidance. We are also awaiting the necessary 
regulatory approvals to come in place before we hit the rubber on the road. So, we will 
keep everyone posted. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Jayant Kharote from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Jayant Kharote: 
I have two questions. First is on the F&O broader market in general wanted your view 
sir. We’ve seen a lot of HFTs are sort of increasing, if you track the NSE market pulse 
for the share of co-location based trades is now almost 60%-65% in the equity derivative 
segment. We have seen the low latency prop traders were making profits, but retail still 
got to keep some, but with the HFT sort of increasing and the outlook is much, much 
larger players coming in the market in the next one or two years, do you think the retail 
profit pool can shrink meaningfully and then spread on these five products can come 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 17 of 24 
 
off meaningfully and it will have of course a knock-on effect on overall retail volumes. 
So, would love to hear how is your view of these two problems specifically because 
NSE is also adding the data center in New Bombay. So, that will open up much more 
colocation tracks. There is a regulatory sort of arbitrage between having access to those 
tracks for retail. So, just wanted you view on this one? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, when we look at F&O, there are two sides of a trade when it’s executed, one side 
is retail-retail, core retail. And the second side is HNI, HFT and FIIs who are putting that 
trade. So, when we are talking about retail, second leg is executed by these players 
what you’re talking about HFT or co-location or kind of like FIIs. So, retail is not 
impacted. You see, the market share of retail almost it has remained constant, that does 
not fluctuate in a big way, would be in the region of 44% to 45%. So, we take a part of 
the market share from this segment. We are not into HFT, we are not into colocation 
business, we are not into kind of unlike arbitrage desk. So, whatever volume you are 
seeing it is purely because of retail participation. So, what we are seeing is that retail in 
India is really taking lots of interest. They want to participate in the capital market. And 
when they are participating, that is a segment that we are aiming at, and we are saying 
that we are able to increase market share. But if you look at retail that what is needed 
to come in this market? We are saying you need an internet connection, smartphone or 
any other device and you should have a PAN account and reasonable saving where 
you can start your journey, investing in equity market. It can be as low as Rs.500, 
Rs.1,000, Rs.2,000 start your SIP in Mutual Fund. Slowly as you progress in your life, 
they try out different, different segments, F&O, cash, commodity and all that. So, we 
are seeing a huge opportunity, but the potential is huge. Now, when a larger player 
comes in this market, they enable larger market, they enable wider market to come in 
and participate. And we as I said that being recognized as an fintech player where we 
have a kind of an incremental kind of like market share on this incremental acquisition 
that we do, to the tune of 23%, 24% we are beneficial. Because our model is very 
different. The customer on our platform slowly evolves to a higher ticket size and moves 
towards kind of like area where he wants to invest in equity, Mutual Fund or maybe later 
on go towards Wealth Management product. So, we feel that the introduction of larger 
player is going to help expand this market. When we have such a big population, who 
have reasonable saving, what’s the reason they’re not coming to equity market? 
Because of lack of awareness, because they’re concerned about lots of things which 
must have happened in the past. So, we always feel that a new player coming in with a 
big budget is going to expand this market and that is going to help us increase our 
market share. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Actually, my question was more about product profitability because we have limited 
products in the F&O market, right, five products. Because I was more worried that the 
product profitability of the spreads will become so thin that for the retail player basically 
does this lead to fatigue? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
No, currently we are not seeing any kind of price pressure or any fatigue in terms of the 
product that we are offering. Retail is just like playing on the direction of the market. So, 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 18 of 24 
 
they buy, call or sell the thing, buy, put, beyond that their activity is limited. So, what we 
do is that we try to design certain kind of like product journeys where they’re able to 
understand this better. When it comes to pricing, I don’t think there’s any price pressure. 
In fact, there’s a concern like opportunity for us, even charge for cash segment. But 
right now, we are looking at kind of an revenue that we get from customers that are 
onboarded. It’s quite decent enough for us to justify our costs. We are not charging on 
cash segment. But if we want, we have a huge volume on the cash segment. If we want, 
we can charge it also. Few of the competition in fact are charging on cash segment. But 
we are saying there’s a huge cash like revenue that is generated to other segment, we 
are okay keeping that at a zero price. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Second question is if you can explain the journey on the bank guarantee replacement, 
how has the - 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
I am unable to hear you. 
Jayant Kharote: 
If you could explain what is your average daily clearing margin with the clearing 
corporation, what’s the mix of bank guarantees in that, how much has been replaced 
and how is the journey over the next few quarters? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
As we said that this QIP was raised for growth, it was not for the replacement of any 
instrument, but Vineet would be the right person to take this question. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Our current bank guarantee deployment across the clearing corporations is about 
Rs.2,800 crores. And apart from that, we also avail intraday facilities for the time 
differences for the settlement with the exchanges. 
Jayant Kharote: 
These Rs.2,800 crores is fully owned funded now? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
Yes. Since September of 2023, all bank guarantees that we have been deploying in the 
business are own funded. 
Jayant Kharote: 
This panel that the government is setting up with RBI, SEBI, there is some concern that 
the bank guarantee limits may be sort of difficult to get from banks. Anything you are 
hearing on our banks being a little more cautious in extending limit? 
Vineet Agrawal: 
No, we did not face any kind of difficulty in availing bank guarantees. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just wanted to understand, We’ve seen on the AMC side, the peers go ahead, I mean, 
I understand it’s the approval side, were they faster in filing the approvals and that’s 
why they are ahead, just wanted to understand because we’ve been leading so far in 
everything. 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 19 of 24 
 
Amit Majumdar: 
We will take it. Hemen – our CEO is here. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
On the AMC side, I understand you mentioned some approvals pending, but we’ve seen 
our peers actually launched that ahead of us. So, wondering were we late in filing the 
approvals, are we behind them in filing them or how exactly that has happened? 
Hemen Bhatia: 
On the AMC front, we are currently undergoing the process of getting the approval. 
While there is no regulatory TAT on when will get the approval, I can just say you that 
we are progressing well on that front. With reference to competition, I would not like to 
comment on any particular player but let me tell you as compared to the general in the 
industry trend of getting the approval, we are very much in line with where we are 
progressing currently, so nothing much to disclose on that front. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
You mentioned about the unrealized gain in the slide about the client making. Is that 
post the brokerage or pre-brokerage, equity gain of Rs.5.5 billion for the F&O client? 
Amit Majumdar: 
Pallavi, this is the net realized gain; this is after all expenses for the customer. So, the 
customer has made a net gain on his portfolio. Either he has realized it by selling off 
and therefore it is called realized gain. And if he has not sold it and holding it, it is called 
unrealized gain. So, it is the gain to the customer after setting off of the cost of 
acquisition of those assets. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
After the brokerage expenses? 
Amit Majumdar: 
Yes, these are all post-charges. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
So, on the advertising spend, we’ve seen a significant ramp up even excluding the IPL 
this year triple the ad spend excluding IPL. So, could there be a regulatory backlash 
given this very high thing on the IPL side, I mean? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Pallavi, we were always below average spending on branding and all that. If you look 
at like the last few quarters, it has been almost like been constant except for we getting 
into IPL sponsorship. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Now, just given how much concern was there by SEBI, I mean like you said that there’s 
nothing much they can do, but given their concerns -? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
There is no restriction like that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
First question is on Page #9 presentation where you have given the vintage clients. So, 
you have given the margins excluding the branding spend. It’s more or less flat over the 
last three years. Can you give a margin excluding the branding and the client acquisition 
cost, just to understand that once the vintage client’s revenue comes, the vintage 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 20 of 24 
 
client’s margin is how it increases over the years? And secondly, on Wealth 
Management, you have mentioned that the cost will increase next year. So, will our 
business be similar to the other Wealth Management companies where we will be 
having a large pool of RMs and the physical bit is more of an offline business or being 
a technology player, we will be doing something differently on the Wealth Management 
side also and leverage our technology and also our existing 22 million customer base. 
And third, What will be the ESOP cost next year? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
We don’t really disclose the sales cost, but I think we have been incurring this high sales 
cost since many quarters that will give you a great sense in terms of what our OPM has 
maintained across all these quarters, maybe there is a quarter when we ramp up our 
sales, there is some kind of depression, but as revenue kicks in, we have seen that 
margin will catch up. Branding we gave separately because the new exercise we are 
doing, so, for all analysts to understand that, okay, what does this cost, so, that you all 
are aware that how this would be shaping up in maybe three, four quarters. So, vintage 
wise client already we had given a kind of like what kind of like revenue we generate. 
So, you see there is kind of like very less drop in customers we acquired even pre-
FY’20, FY’21 and FY’20 & ’21. So, if you take the sales cost, as you say, this chart 
clearly shows that there is a lifetime value of five years and beyond. Up to five years 
already, you can see the data. So, whatever sales cost we do, it has to be apportioned 
for five years. But exact number we do not reveal, so I would not be able to help you on 
that. On the Wealth Management side, I will ask Srikanth to take it over, but on ESOP, 
Vineet can give you more clarity. 
Vineet Agrawal: 
So, for the next financial year, our budget for the ESOP cost is about Rs.100 crores, of 
which about Rs.50, Rs.52 crores is the carry forward cost of the ESOPs that have been 
granted over the last two or three years and about Rs.50 crores will be the cost which 
will be incurred towards the new grants that we are going to do in this year. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Srikanth, if you can take model and differentiator? 
Srikanth Subramanian: I think it’s a fair question, but in some sense your question also alluded to the answer, 
that is yes. We envisage the deep integration between domain and tech. I think at least 
we believe in the next five and 10 years the right to win in the ever-expanding Wealth 
Management landscape will be by people who can embrace technology in a way where 
you can take technology to much wider space. I think Wealth Management in India so 
far has been more about going deep. We at least in Angel One Wealth believe that it 
will now have to be played both in terms of depth, which is where high quality domain 
knowledge comes in, and in terms of width, which is where technology comes. So, for 
example, over the next few years many products that could be available in a fractional 
manner. We’ve already seen white papers and circulars around fractional REITS. We 
are already seeing similar fractionalization across products. So, while the team has a 
deep insight on what the ultra-high net worth clients require and we will continue to 
service them. We will use technology for that space to bring opex down because one 
of the things that we see is, most of the cost models for current Wealth Management 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 21 of 24 
 
firms are built keeping in mind revenue models which have completely changed. So, 
revenue models have over periods of time being disintermediated, have moved from 
upfront to a very back-ended kind of revenue model. So, we believe that usage of the 
right technology can enhance productivity. But we also think that large investors may 
not be 100% ready to fully consume everything without high quality RM. So, we 
envisage the right mix of an omnichannel kind of a requirement for a client and the next 
customer segment, which is the HNI and the affluent, we will be present in both, that’s 
the plan in terms of having good quality RM, dispensing good quality wealth services 
and also using the technology leverage with the parent partner here Angel One, create 
interfaces across app and website which we will be able to give customer the right 
services. So, the idea is the right mix of domain and tech to be able to capture both 
depth and width which would be there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Sharma from Aditya Birla AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Sharma: 
The MTF book has declined quarter-on-quarter from Rs.1,980-odd crores to Rs.1,770 
crores while the market has been buoyant, especially the cash market has been quite 
buoyant last quarter. If you could just help us understand, I know it’s a balance sheet 
item, probably it was reflecting on the day 31st March, but I just wanted to understand 
the reasons for the decline? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So, MTF book was also rising proportionate to our customer base and volumes that we 
did in terms of number of orders. But by Feb, we realize that it is going to a point where 
we need more capital. That is where we had put restrictions on customer availing this 
margin trailing. So, that’s the reason we did QIP and all that. So, that we are well 
capitalized to ride this trend kind of like growth in this MTF book. So, we took a pause. 
Now, we have restored back to normal. You will see a growth in MTF going forward. 
Aditya Sharma: 
Any aspirations from your side in next two years, can we do around Rs.3,000 crores of 
lending in terms of MTF by the end of FY’26, is that a reasonable assumption to make? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Yes, it is a reasonable assumption. So, like already, as I said that by Feb around 
Rs.2,100, Rs.2,200 crores of MTF. So, to get to that Rs.3,000 crores is like possible, it 
is not a difficult target, aspirational target will be higher than that. 
Aditya Sharma: 
And also, sir, in terms of margins, when you have provided the breakup, so there has 
been significant improvement in terms of the margins from the AP business, so around 
62%-odd. So, just wanted to understand, what’s the reason behind it and is it something 
structural or is it just for the quarter? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
No, no, it is structural. I think I would ask Nishant to give a brief on this AP business. 
Nishant Jain: 
So, what has happened is that we were essentially having an omnichannel play 
whereby a lot of engagement with our existing sub-brokers was through digital means 
and we were also last year largely not acquiring new sub-brokers. So, any expense on 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 22 of 24 
 
account of sales would not have happened, and therefore what you’re seeing is a 
slightly, I would say exaggerated version of what the usual margins would look like. 
Going forward as we kind of start onboarding new sub-brokers and we start incurring 
some of those costs, plus as we unlock new regions, in particular, rest of India where 
the existing presence or the existing contribution to the revenue is not that strong, I think 
some of these costs would also come into play and therefore the margin that you’re 
referring to would kind of sober down a bit, but yes, overall story is very robust, and we 
would continue to kind of register the similar momentum going forward that you’ve seen 
in last year. 
Aditya Sharma: 
Just a follow up on this. So, how are we progressing in terms of the AP addition, if you 
could share some bit of color on that, that would be helpful? 
Nishant Jain: 
So, there has been a very, very strong interest ever since that we restarted that process. 
However, we have been a bit choicefull in terms of the kind of sub-partners that we 
would like to engage with. We have kind of enhanced some of those screening 
parameters and ensuring that people who are coming onboard are coming onboard with 
a certain persona and therefore the idea is that going forward we would like to onboard 
higher quality sub-brokers who can be kind of contributing meaningfully to the client 
addition and be a long-term partner along with us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aravind R from Sundaram alternates. Please go 
ahead. 
Aravind R: 
What is our aspiration in terms of client addition and what is our aspiration in terms of 
improving that to make the client active, the client is becoming active usually in five 
years and now come down reasonably, is there any further improvement possible 
there? And what are our aspirations in lending and deposits business that we have 
mentioned either in terms of penetration among existing clients? And are there any 
aspiration in terms of disbursements by FY’25 or ‘26? And another question is 
considering the IPL association for five years, will this expense be recover for next five 
years? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So, our aspirations on this client addition, as we always say, being a digital player, we 
would aim to get a market share of around, in new acquisition, to the tune of around 
35%. That is where we feel that a digital player should position themselves. So, there’s 
an aspiration kind of like we have that whatever new client come to market, we should 
be aspiring to get to that market share. Progressively, we are inching towards higher 
number every quarter and all that. So, that is a positive thing. In terms of offering 
customer multiple service, we believe time has come that we have to leverage our 
Super App platform where we offer multiple services to customer to increase their 
lifetime value and engagement on our platform. So, because of that, we will see lots of 
active customers. As you refer to Slide #10, we have clearly shown that when we 
acquire a customer across here they become more active on our platform. So, Amit, if 
you can take that point, that would be helpful. On lending side, Saurabh can take that 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 23 of 24 
 
platform. I’ll just complete IPL and then hand it over to Amit and Saurabh. On IPL, it is 
not about recovering cost, it is about, as I said, that we have an aspiration to get a 
market share of new acquisition to 35%. And as I said in digital business lead indicators 
are that what a kind of recall people have for your brand. We do lots of surveys and 
exercise to see our spontaneous recall for our brand and top of the brand recall when 
we are asking them which is the broking firm you’re going to open. So, there should be 
Angel One name in that. That’s the lead indicator that we would be able to reach that 
market share of 35%. So, this IPL is more about visibility, about that spontaneous recall 
that people should have, if they’re thinking about stock broking, Angel One should come 
in their mind. 
Amit Majumdar: 
Aravind, so as I understand, I guess you also want to understand how the customers 
will evolve over time, right? If that is the question, then I mean this slide actually says 
that in about four years’ time, I mean we are comparing this to or we are actually kind 
of veering the discussion towards the active customers and we are saying that 
notwithstanding what NSE reports as the total number of customers who are active in 
a given year. What we are seeing is that when we see a certain cohort of customers 
that we acquire in a certain year, how many unique customers of them actually become 
active over a period of time, and therefore this data actually represents that, that in 
FY’21, whatever customers we acquired, in this case 2.4 million, 54% of them became 
active over a period of four years. So, when we now revisit this data in the following 
year, I am sure we will see a larger number there and similar is the behavior of the 
subsequent cohort of customers that we acquired. So, I hope that addresses your 
question, Arvind. 
Aravind R: 
Yes, sir. 
Amit Majumdar: 
I’ll give this to Saurabh to address on the lending and deposits aspirations. 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
Hi, Aravind. I think your question on lending is what is our aspiration in the next couple 
of years, right? 
Aravind R: 
Yes, sir. 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
Lending is largely the biggest area in Financial Services in India, and we also have very 
high aspirations there. At the moment we are in beta testing phase of the lending 
product and the experience for our customers. And as soon as we are out of it, we will 
start to aggressively build this vertical in the next two to three years, you should see a 
very large lending distribution play from our side. In terms of deposits also, I think most 
likely this quarter or early next quarter we should be out with our deposit offering, where 
we will have tied up with a few banks and NBFCs to offer their corporate bonds and 
FDs. 
Aravind R: 
Any numbers you can give in terms of penetration you would like to see in few years or 
like the quantum of this that you would like to see through? 

Angel One Limited 
 
April 18, 2024 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
So, this question is pertaining to overall penetration, right? 
Aravind R: 
Yes, especially with respect to new business, mining the existing clients. 
Saurabh Agarwal: 
I think as of now we are still in the early stages of the business, right. The aspiration is 
quite large, but too early to give out a number right now in terms of the penetration that 
we would hit. 
Aravind R: 
Just one clarification. I understand the IPL association. I understand the importance of 
it. I am just trying to understand like will this expense continue for like FY’26, FY’27 
also? 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
See, Aravind, if you look at IPL spend as our revenue will increase, so this spend would 
be very small amount compared to what we are spending today. So, we are spending 
this so that we are able to gain market share. So, when we see our growth rate and if 
this organization becomes 3x or what we are in five years, this IPL spend would be quite 
small and insignificant. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that would be the last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Dinesh Thakkar for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Dinesh Thakkar: 
Thank you for joining us on the call today. I hope we were able to answer your queries 
satisfactorily. Should you require any assistance, please feel free to contact Hitul Gutka, 
Head of Investor Relations or SGA our IR Advisors. Good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Angel 
One Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
