 
इण्डियन ओवरसीज़ बैंक, 
ननवेशक संबंध कक्ष,केंन्द्रीय कायाालय, 
763 अण्णा सालै, चेन्नै 600 002 
044 – 7172 9791, 2888 9360  |  investor@iobnet.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ref No. IRC/64/2024-25  
  
 
                                          29.05.2024 
 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Floor 1, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Vice President, 
National Stock Exchange Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE SCRIP CODE: 532388 
NSE SCRIP CODE: IOB 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Update On Analyst Meet: Transcript 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation IRC/56/2024-25 dated May 21, 2024 and 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15(b) of Para A of Part A of Schedule III and 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended read with the guidance note of stock exchanges dated 
July 29, 2022 on disclosures pertaining to Investors meet, we wish to inform that the Bank 
has conducted an Analyst Meet on Friday, May 24, 2024 at 04.00 pm (IST) to discuss the 
financial performance of the Bank for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of aforementioned Analyst meet is furnished herewith and same is also 
uploaded on Bank’s website and same can be accessed through following link: 
 
 https://iob.in/UPLOAD/CEDocuments/iobTranscript_Analyst_Meet_24052024.pdf 
 
Please take the above information on record and arrange for dissemination. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
(Ram Mohan K) 
Compliance officer          
RAM 
MOHAN K
Digitally signed by 
RAM MOHAN K 
Date: 2024.05.29 
10:50:01 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transcript 
 
“Indian Overseas Bank Q4 FY'24 Analyst Meet” 
 
May 24, 2024 
 
Organized by 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Ajay Kumar Srivastava, MD & CEO, Indian Overseas Bank,  
Mr. Joydeep Dutta Roy, Executive Director, Indian Overseas Bank,  
Mr. Dhanaraj T, Executive Director, Indian Overseas Bank 
 
Presenters: 
Mr. S P Mahesh Kumar, General Manager & Chief Financial Officer, Indian 
Overseas Bank  
Mr. Lakshmi Venkatesh, General Manager, Indian Overseas Bank 
 
Moderator: 
           Mr. Aryan Rana – Veritas Reputation 
 
 
 
 
BSE: 532388 | NSE: IOB | SECTOR: Financial Services 

 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening and warm welcome to everyone. Thank you for gracing 
us with your presence today as we meet to discuss Indian Overseas 
Bank's financial performance for Q4 and the year-ended financial year 
2024 as on March 31st, 2024.  I am Aryan Rana and I am truly honoured 
to guide you through today's presentation.  Before we begin, I want to 
extend our sincere appreciation to each one of you for taking time to 
join us in person today.  
Founded on February 10, 1937, Indian Overseas Bank embarked on a 
mission to specialize in foreign exchange business with a vision to 
expand our global footprint. IOB was one of the 14 major banks that 
were nationalized in 1969.  Over the years, we have not only met but 
surpassed our initial objectives as evidenced by our impressive market 
capitalization of Rs 1,26,000 crore today. Indian Overseas Bank has 
seen an impressive surge of nearly 175% in the last year and about 800% 
over the past five years in its market capitalization.  With overseas 
presence in four countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand, and 
Sri Lanka, Indian Overseas Bank's total business has surged to over Rs 
5,04,923 crore as of March 31, 2024. 
Despite several external challenges the global economy facing, our 
impressive growth solidifies Indian Overseas Bank's position as one of 
the top banks in the financial sector. The financial results are available 
on our website and stock exchanges. Before we begin the presentation, 
I must remind you that our discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 
These statements should be viewed in conjunction with our business 
risks that could affect future results, financial performance, and 
achievements. To discuss results and address analyst queries, we have 
our management team with us, including Shri Ajay Kumar Srivastava, 
Managing Director and CEO of Indian Overseas Bank, seated in the 
middle, and next to him on the right is Shri Joydeep Dutta Roy, 
Executive Director, and in the left we have Shri Dhanaraj T, Executive 
Director, we will begin with our overview of Q4 and year-ended 

 
 
 
 
 
financial year 2024, followed by presentation on our digital banking 
business and conclude with Q&A session. Now, I will hand over the 
floor to Sri S P Mahesh Kumar, Chief Financial Officer and General 
Manager, IOB.  
Over to you, Sir. Thank You. 
 
SP Mahesh Kumar: 
Thank you Mr Aryan. Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Evening to all. As 
already described the journey of IOB, the bank has competed 88 years 
of successful existence, making it one of the strong PSBs in India.  
 
During the current financial year 23-2024, the Bank has achieved 
remarkable milestone of exceeding Rs 5 lakh crore business mix as on 
31st March 2024 and this is the vision and mission statement of our 
bank. Basically, the vision states about to emergence of IOB as the 
preferred bank connecting generations with high standards of ethics 
and governance.  That generation is now GenX and then with old 
customers also who are preferring to the brick-and-mortar type of 
branches. That generation as well as the new tech-savvy GenX. 
 
And now I present you the overview of the bank's performance during 
financial year 2023-24. 
 
CASA grown in absolute terms to Rs 1,26,000 crores and also in terms 
of percentage, 16 bps increase to 43.90% over previous year. Total 
deposit growth achieved Rs 2.86 lakh crores as on 31st March 2024 
with impressive growth rate of 9.59% over previous year. Gross 
advances grown by 15.88% over previous year now stood at Rs 2.19 
lakh crore. Annual operating profit registered an improvement of 
13.83% over last year and it has at Rs 6,764 crore and net profit grown 
by Rs 26.54 crores over previous year. Now it is Rs 2,656 crores for 
the year ending March 2024. And provision coverage ratio is one of the 

 
 
 
 
 
highest as 96.85%. Capital adequacy ratio also 17.28% against the 
regulatory requirement of 11.5%.  
This is the overall business composition.  Deposit consists of SB 
account growth is there of Rs 1,02,000 and current account deposit 
was at Rs 22,919 crores. Total CASA recording Rs 1,26,000 crores and 
Term deposits Rs 1,60,000 crores and Total deposits is Rs 2.86 lakh 
crores. On the advances front retail loans was Rs 48,514 crores. Agri 
loans is Rs 55,636 crores, MSME loans is Rs 41,552 crores and Total 
RAM segment here is Rs 1,45,702 crores. Corporate and overseas is 
Rs 73,316 crores and total advances was at Rs 2,19,000 crores. 
 
Now coming to the performance highlights in key parameters. CASA 
registered 9.99% growth over the previous year.  And year on growth 
in % terms that is 16% as 16 bps has increased to 43.90%. Total deposits 
grown by 9.59% over the previous year. Home loans growth is 14.53%. 
Jewel loan growth is 29.61%. Total advances registered a growth of 
15.88% and stood at Rs 2,19,000 crores. Total business growth mix 
achieved was Rs 5,05,000 crores with an improvement of 12.23% over 
previous year. 
 
Credit to deposit ratio improved by 416 bps that is 76.61% over 
previous year it was 72.45%. Net interest income improved over 19%. 
Net interest margin improved by 35 bps over previous year to 3.28%. 
Operating expenses increased by 35.81% mainly due to increase in 
interest expense and staff cost due to revision in salaries and retirement 
benefits after 12th bipartite settlement. However, there is a 
considerable increase in operating profit by 13.8% over previous year 
and it is stood at Rs 7,764 crores. 
 
Gross non-performing advances reduced by 51.72% over previous year 
it is at now Rs 6,794 crores reducing 434 bps over previous year and 
stood at 3.10%. Similarly, net NPA reduced by Rs 62.74% to Rs 1,217 

 
 
 
 
 
crores and percentage terms reduced by 126 bps and stood at 0.57%. 
Capital adequacy ratio improved by 118 bps over previous year and 
strong at 17.28%. Return on assets improved by 13 bps over the 
previous year and that is at 0.81% of total assets. Return on equity 
improved by 69 bps over the previous year at 16.24%. Customer touch 
points is almost equally distributed among the rural, semi-urban, urban 
and metro cities and we have presence of 3,236 branches across the 
country. 28% in rural, 30% in semi-urban, 20% in urban and 22% in 
metros. 
 
Same way 3,506 ATMs spread across the country and we have strong 
force of 6,379 business correspondents to cater to the needs of the 
customers predominantly in rural areas. In addition to the strong 
domestic presence bank has four overseas branches one situated in 
Hong Kong, Singapore, Sri Lanka and Thailand.  
 
This is financial performance.  
 
Overall interest income grown by 23.96% mainly due to growth in 
advances. Interest expenses increased by 27.60% due to increased 
deposit levels as well as the borrowings to meet the credit demand. 
Non-interest income improved by 37.68% due to recoveries in return 
of accounts, improvement in investment provision and other income.  
 
Total provisions reduced by 6.79% mainly on account of reduction in 
NPA provisions by 5.32%. Total expenses incurred due to reversal of 
deferred tax asset amounting to Rs 734 crores and also we have made 
provision of Rs 22.67 crores towards our overseas branches towards 
Income Tax. The bank has posted an impressive net profit of Rs 2656 
crore for the financial year 2023-24 with an improvement of 26.54% 
over the previous year. Cost to deposit increased to 4.7% over 

 
 
 
 
 
previous year due to offering of competitive interest on one of the term 
deposit, i.e. 444 days deposit scheme offered by IOB. 
 
Cost of funds increased due to increase in borrowings to meet the 
surging demand for the credit. Yield on investment improved from 
5.83% to 6.39% and yield on advances improved by 99 bps, 7.81% to 
8.80%. Annual improvement positions mainly due to improved margins 
under RAM segment and in addition to marginal increase in MCLR 
during the year. Considerable improvement in yield on funds by 113 
bps to 8.03%. Return on assets improved by 13 bps i.e. 0.81%. Cost to 
income ratio increased from 51.94% to 56.32% mainly due to increase 
in staff cost.  
 
 
Without considering the increase in superannuation benefits on 
account of bipartite settlement, the cost to income ratio would have 
been lower at around 44%. Overall growth registered under retail by 
14.42% mainly due to improved credit growth under home loans, 
vehicle loans, personal loans and other retail loans like jewel loan, 
deposit loan etc. Agri credit growth by 26.48%. MSME grown by 19.21% 
mainly due to credit growth under medium enterprises.  
 
Credit to corporate, there main focus in corporate credit is towards A 
and above rated corporate borrowers constituting 65.53% of the total 
lending. Unrated accounts represent 30 accounts out of which 29 
accounts represent state government entities. In case of restructured, 
there is a considerable reduction in restructured accounts by 23.64% 
over last year.  
 
SLR investments holding increased by 7.51% in order to churn the 
portfolio towards better yielding securities. Average coupon yield is at 
6.61% per annum. Gross NPA reduction by Rs 7278 crore i.e. 7.44% 
last year and now it has come down to 3.10%. Net NPA reduced by Rs 

 
 
 
 
 
2049 crore to Rs 1217 crore and in terms of percentage 1.83% to 
0.57%. Total recovery from NPA during the year was Rs 4549 crore.  
 
Provision coverage ratio improved from 92.63 to 96.85 registering an 
increase of 422 bps. PCR excluding technical write off also improved 
from 76.79% to 82.09%. Robust and continuous monitoring system has 
improved in controlling slippages and Slippage ratio reduced by 200 bps 
from 2.87% to 0.87%. Slippages for FY22-23 was Rs 4029 crore, now it 
is reduced to Rs 1516 crore during FY23-24.  
 
The focus is given towards capital light advances. Despite increase in 
the advances level, the credit risk weight set to advances ratio reduced 
to 54.05%. Earlier it was 56.46% one year ago.  
 
Further, improved profitability added to common equity tier 1 capital. 
Thus, CRAR CET1 has increased to 14.47%. Overall, CRAR improved 
by 118 bps to 17.28%. Significant improvement in return on equity, 
earnings per share and performance has improved valuation to the 
shareholders also. For the past 5 years, the growth you can see on the 
increase trajectory in terms of CASA absolute terms as well as CASA 
in % terms, term deposit in absolute terms and % terms and retail 
advances.  Growth you can see in terms of Rs 30,423 was there. Now 
it has grown up to Rs 48,514 crore. Similarly, agriculture advances, 
MSME advances, corporate advances and overseas advances.  
 
In this journey CD ratio also achieved 76.61%. Personal loan segment 
also improved, home loan segment, vehicle loans, other retail loans also 
increased. Overall, total retail loans portfolio has improved. In this 
journey gross NPA has come down drastically and net NPA also has 
come down.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
In terms of net NPA ratio also it has come down drastically. On the 
other side, provision coverage ratio has improved. PCR excluding 
technical write-off also improved from 76.79% last year to 82.09% in 
the current year.  
 
Book value per share valuation also you can observe that what is the 
share value we are providing to the shareholders. One terms of book 
per share has improved, share price has also improved and then market 
capitalization also improved to Rs 1,13,377 crores which making IOB 
in the 5th in PSBs and earnings per share earlier it was negative in 2020. 
The journey you can see sir 1 rupee 40 paisa per share that earnings 
per share also has improved.  
 
Now I request my colleague Mr. Lakshmi Venkatesh to tell you about 
the technology and digital initiatives. 
 
Lakshmi Venkatesh:  
Good evening to all ladies and gentlemen. I am Lakshmi Venkatesh, 
General Manager heading Information Technology and Digital Banking 
of the bank and as our mission document says our mission is to provide 
best banking solution through digital and physical experience for 
customer delight with skilled manpower. So we stick to that mission 
document and accordingly we day by day improve and innovate our 
digital services and technological services and we have got a robust and 
resilient tech platform and we are first slide please.  
 
So we have got a robust and resilient tech platform and we are 
committed to digital transformation journey and digital innovations 
with clear strategy to bring customer delight and we are pioneering 
various digital initiatives through a spectrum of digital banking products 
which will match the evolving customer needs at industry standards and 
our base focus areas are technological resilience, customer centricity, 
digital innovation, operational efficiency and on the technology 

 
 
 
 
 
resilience area we have got the industry's best core banking solution 
and our capabilities are to process about 5000 transactions per second. 
Our scalable private cloud and container platform are handling our 
digital process in a leading way and we have got a strong network of 
dual connectivity with a good speed at 3200 branches across the 
country and we have got a very strong ATM network of 3500 plus 
which is growing day by day and we have got one of the best uptime in 
the industry about 98 percentage uptime and total availability with the 
continuous availability of cash which is the basic requirement of a 
customer and we stand one among the top banks in providing 
continuous cash availability in our ATMs and we have got integrated 
payment hub for providing our payment solutions like PFMS, NEFT and 
RTGS solutions which makes the transactions super fast and make the 
customer to feel very satisfied.  
 
On the customer centricity we have got secure and user-friendly 
internet and mobile banking applications. Now we are upgrading to a 
newer platforms where the experience will be much better in the 
coming days and our aim is to provide self-service centric solutions to 
the customers like digital banking unit and also various straight through 
process for customer experience where the end-to-end credit 
application and sanction disbursement utilization everything will be 
through straight through process and at any time anywhere services are 
delivered by us by opening account at any point in time of the day 
through tab banking and in this regard I am very happy to inform that 
our bank is one of the pioneering banks in introducing the facial 
authentication through Aadhar integration for account opening others 
are using only thumb impression and our bank will be only one of the 
two banks that will be using the facial authentication for opening of 
accounts and frictionless digital journey by leveraging digital public 
infrastructure like Aadhar UPI these things will facilitate minimum 
inputs by the customer auto filling of the forms and instantaneous 

 
 
 
 
 
opening or processing of the SB or loan accounts and digital banking 
kiosks also in the line to come and we will be introducing digital banking 
kiosks across the country at the select centers to begin with. The first 
point I have covered already and one of the very innovative products 
of our bank is my account my name which will empower the customers 
to have their own VAN for their account which is a combination of 
seven characters alpha, numero or alpha numero through which they 
can send the money through which they can get the money from other 
banks this virtual account number is a very innovative product of Indian 
Overseas Bank and we are the first to introduce this in the banking 
sector and we are one of the top banks in issuing bank guarantees 
through electronic mode in tie-up with NESL and up to date we have 
issued about some 2200 e-BGs since we introduced and we are the 
number two among the banks in issuing the number of highest number 
of e-BGs and online instant safe deposit locker allotment is another 
innovative product of Indian Overseas Bank which we had introduced 
in the year of reporting that is 2023-24 where a customer can browse 
through find out in which branch of his choice locker facilities available 
of which size of which category and of what cost and he can choose 
and he will instantaneously get the locker allotted and he has to go and 
just get the keys from the branch after complying with the KYC 
requirements within a period of 10 days and online account number 
portability across the branches of the bank is also introduced to our 
website so for a person who is frequently moving from one place to 
another place it is a very big problem for him to go and get his account 
transferred from one branch to another branch here we have provided 
the facility to instantaneously transfer his account from one branch to 
another branch and this gives a very very fantastic experience to the 
customers at the least difficulties or inconvenience to him and we have 
got a secure interbank and mobile banking facilities and the security 
levels are at the industry level best and our bank also provides a digital 
application for collection and recovery of the customer borrowers 

 
 
 
 
 
dues which has enhanced the collection efficiency and we have 
introduced the customer relationship management tool for widening 
and deepening customer engagement where we can identify the 
customer's preferences through AI/ML based analytics and we will be 
able to provide the exact customer need through this platform and we 
have also introduced a loan originating system for various RAM 
segment credit products and in this we have also introduced the 
straight through processes for availing loans and that is also a very good 
customer experience for our customers and whom to be boarded on 
and digital journeys for seamless customer onboarding is a daily 
innovation process and digital document management system provides 
the office note automation which eliminates the paperwork across the 
branches and the administrative offices of the bank and the 
documentation loan documentation other documentation will also be 
slowly ported to the automated mode and sir as i already told our value 
deliveries are at enhanced customer satisfaction, productivity 
enhancement and our business growth agility and adaptability and 
during the year 2024 our bank has bagged five important awards out of 
the total seven categories available from Indian banks association 
banking technology awards we had won the winner in best technology 
talent, best digital financial inclusion categories and we had won the 
special mention prizes in best technology bank and best AI/ML adoption 
and we are runners in best fintech and DPI adoption and Government 
of India has also recognized our bank as the top improver in the east 
5.0 citation during the last year and this showcases the way we are 
taking forward our digital initiatives and technological capabilities. 
  
 
Thank you, sir, for giving me an opportunity. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the ‘Question & Answer’ 
session. Please raise your hands, one by one, request you to let us know 
your name and the organization you represent.   
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Market Cap has increased from Rs 12,000 to Rs 1,20,000 crores, 10 
times in 5 years. Fantastic performance. Jaise bolte hain na ki hum laaye 
hain tufan se kasti nikalke, isko rakhna mere doston sambhalke.  So, 
compliments to you for the fantastic performance over the last 5 years. 
The bank was indeed in a very difficult shape. In fact, RBI had to put it 
under monitoring just like some of the other few banks also. I must 
compliment everyone, top management of the bank, especially for the 
performance in 23-24. I have some couple of observations and some 
questions. If you look at the other income has gone up from Rs1262 
crores last quarter to Rs 2477 crores, Rs 900 crores is the recovery 
from the written-off account. But there is another Rs 900 crores which 
has been shown as other other income, all other income, Rs 943 crores 
as against Rs 235 crores in the last quarter. So, what is that in other, all 
other income which has gone up by Rs 600 crores? So, this is, I mean I 
have some couple of others.  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That consists of treasury income and all other incomes like processing 
fee we charge on whatever loans we sanction, exchange commission, 
non-fund business. We are focused on all other areas from where 
income can be generated. So, all these areas have attracted our 
attention. We have worked systematically for generating income from 
those sources.  
Ashok Ajmera: 
The point is only in March quarter because investment is separately 
shown, income. So almost about Rs 500 to Rs 600 crores is only as 
compared to the last quarter to the March quarter. So, whether any 
one-off which we can you know like discount or reduce for the future 
this thing or it is going to be the regular phenomena?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
It is more or less the same thing. One-off is not like that is which is very 
substantial or it is going to make substantial impact on that.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So similarly, sir in the employees cost, though every bank employee 
cost has gone up because of the wage revision. But in many of the banks 
up to December most of the amount was taken care of and in March 
also there was some increase. But in our case employee cost has gone 
up from Rs 1270 crores to Rs 2517 crores. So almost about Rs 1300 
crores, Rs 1250 crores in only in one quarter only.  So can the breakup 
or some explanation and also what will be the ballpark number going 
forward per month of the wage bill, employee cost? 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Everything we booked in Q4 only and it was not only increase in wage 
but terminal dues also, pension, gratuity, requirement arising out of this 
wage revision for future payment that also have impacted into that.  
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
That revision in pension I think that Rs 255 crores also you have, all the 
balance amount you have written off in this.  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:           
We have done everything whatever was required. 
 
Ashok Ajmera:  
Sir, one is on the credit side that overall for the year we have grown 
well on   the credit but if you look at this quarter, I think it was totally 
a muted quarter.  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
It was not a muted quarter because the figure is conveying that message 
to you but it was not a muted quarter. What happened around Rs 5,000 
crores of credit which was lent on a lower rate of interest or some 
negotiation was happening, that was paid back. So that is why Q4 
because of this Rs 5,000 crores coming back into the system, the 
growth appears to be muted but otherwise growth was there.  
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So now in the coming quarters that will be recouped?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:      
Absolutely, it will be recouped.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
And what is our growth target for the 24-25? We are targeting around 
13% growth in credit. 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:      
Yes, In credit. 
 
Ashok Ajmera:  
Sir, the last one on this DTA, just a clarification because going forward, 
I mean we have Rs 5,300 crore DTA credit because we are still in the 
old tax regime. So, what are we planning going forward about the tax?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:      
May be around Year 2027- 28 we will be shifting. 
 
Ashok Ajmera:                     
After entire writing-off DTA. Okay, I will come back again if time 
permits. Thank you very much. 
 
Manoj Alimchandani: 
Excellent performance and good to see that you are interacting with 
us. Hats-off to you. Its good to see you are the forefront of technology. 
Today there are concerns about technology disruptions happening. 
Suddenly RBI inspection and the share price collapsed by 10% 
overnight. So you have been forefront and even recognition by the 
credible agencies. Now couple of specific issues. What is our capital 
requirement for the next 3 years growth? Can you quantify? Do we 
have a strategic plan? And what are our plans for fundraising? Because 
there is huge demand now with this new economic super cycle which 
is started on Capex. And other banks have announced fundraising plans. 
Indian bank just announced Rs 12,000 crores fundraising. So we should 
not be left behind and lose market share. Like it is very easy to sit on 
laurels. We have done well. But what next? These specific issues, 
because you have been very clear in strategy right from the beginning. 
Our friend who is now in RBL, he turned around Indian Overseas Bank. 
You know, he put lots of efforts and brought it to this stage. And the 
whole team has really worked hard. More NPAs, more recoveries. It 
shows that. And the second thing is, would like to know what are the 

 
 
 
 
 
plans for growth? You mentioned 13% corporate total loans. 
Specifically, you have shown excellent performance in home loans and 
jewel loans in the last year. So apparently, and it is not on a small base, 
it is a reasonable size. And we are growing. So at what rate we plan to 
grow the home loans and jewel loans? If you can indicate, I think our 
rate should grow even faster compared to the opportunities. Number 
three, if you can share the person handling digital, our experience on 
the RBI inspections, and which are the red flags we should be 
concerned about. And so this is not a time to relax. Technology is 
evolving. And we don't have any issues in respect of technology, 
particularly with RBI is apparently doing a great job on it. So these three 
issues. 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yeah, Manoj, thank you. So capital requirement for credit growth going 
forward, you are asking. See, in the last two years, if you see, we have 
grown in 22-23, credit growth was around 24%. Last year, it is around 
16%. This year, we are targeting 13%. But we are very hopeful that we 
will be surpassing that. Bank's CRAR ratio is at 17.28%. Over last 
quarter, it has increased by 48bps. If we grow at 13, 14% for next three 
years at least, for that growth, my capital is sufficient. I do not need any 
additional growth capital to grow at the rate of 13% in credit for next 
three years. So that is one part. And second part is about capital raising. 
We have already taken board approval. I think it missed out from your 
attention. It came all over in the newspaper also. Rs 5,000 crores we 
are going to raise. The board has already approved. And we are in the 
process of getting all other approvals. And that is the plan. Maybe later 
half of Q2 or Q3 we will be raising that. And credit growth, as I said, 
that home loan or vehicle loan or all these products are part of the 
overall credit growth. And whatever we have been growing at the rate 
over last two years, we will be matching that. And the fourth question, 
if you can repeat, I am forgetting. On the technology experience of 
regulators. Yes, because certain things happen in the banking landscape. 

 
 
 
 
 
As far as IOB is concerned, we are absolutely safe. The regular 
inspection and oversight happens from all regulatory authorities. And 
there is nothing, I will say, any significant remark or observation from 
the auditors or the regulators. Thank you.  
Sushil Choksey: 
Sir, you have done a great performance over the number of years to 
recover from where we were to today. The transformation journey is 
applauded. And the second request is a consistent dialogue. I think I 
have not seen anybody from IOB other than H.O. in Bombay. Last 
meeting was with Mr. R Subramaniakumar possibly in 16-17 at IOB BKC 
office. So if you keep consistent dialogue, that would be helpful or a con 
call. My first question is, sir, we have written off lots of assets by 
provision or technical assets. What is the pool of assets available over 
a period of years and what percentage of recovery are you estimating 
in this year?  
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:      
Sir Last year if you see we have recovered Rs 4,700 crores, this year 
we are targeting Rs 6,000 crores. Out of this Rs 4,700 crores, almost 
51% of the recovery came from technically written off accounts which 
we have earlier 100% provided for and out of that we did that recovery.  
The total GNPA is around Rs 6,700 crore, percentage wise is 3.10 only 
and out of that, the regular slippage happens, including that we are 
targeting that Rs 6, 000 crores will be able to recover in this financial 
year.  
 
Sushil Joksi: 
 
 
 
What are the total assets that has been written of in the books? 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That is around Rs 38,000 crores. Out of this, Rs 31,000 crores is fully 
provided, 100%.  
  
Sushil Joksi:   
 
 
Are you estimating any recovery out of that? 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That is what I said. Last year also 51% of my recovery came from those 
accounts only. Almost Rs 2,400 crores. So naturally that is going to be 

 
 
 
 
 
a part of the strategy. And this year also around 50-60% we are 
targeting.   
 
Analyst: 
Sir, your RAM growth is comparable to peer banks, pretty healthy. And 
what is your plan between that, digital spend and connectivity because 
most of your products on MSME or retail needs a lot of digital initiative. 
So what is the CAPEX targeted to achieve that sustainable growth and 
even gain market share because of your equity permits? And a question 
connected as you are not raising equity, how are we going to rectify 
the position of balance between book value to market cap? You are the 
most expensive bank if you go by that. And what is the direction you 
are getting from the bank on the equity side?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
No, we are raising equity. We have already taken approval. So, we are 
working on that. And regarding digital spend, you are talking. Last year 
data I remember, last year we targeted to spend around Rs 1,100 
crores on digital and IT infrastructure and digital software hardware 
including everything capital and revenue. And this year the approval 
which we have got from the board is around Rs 1,650 crores. Around 
50% spend we have increased on IT and digital infrastructure.  
 
Moderator: 
            
 
Any further questions?  
 
Sumer Choksey: 
Sir, just one clarification. You had mentioned, I think, about the Rs. 
5,000 crore pre-payment on the corporate side. So, if I look at your 
advances, optically it was Rs 52,000 at 23 fiscal ended. It is around about 
54. So just to gain some clarity, it would be around Rs 60,000 figure if 
not for the Rs 5,000 that you mentioned would be pre-paid?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
 
Almost, yes.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Sumer Choksey:  
So, a follow-up on that is, when I look at the split between corporate 
and RAM, it was about 70-30 last year. This year optically it has fallen 
to 27 and 73. But you would like to maintain that 70-30 split or how 
are you looking at the corporate?  
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
No, we have already taken a call. We have done a lot of study and we 
are shifting gear as far as RAM and corporate mix is concerned. So 
corporate RAM we are targeting around 65-66%. And corporate from 
30% we are going to increase to around 34-35%.  
 
Sumer Choksi: 
Okay. And I would think, sir, optically I think you presented this slide 
in terms of the rating that you were trying to look upon. So, are we 
trying to seize upon that slightly lower rated in the AA, BBB category 
to get better pricing on our yield? 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yes, See, you have to strike a balance. In fact, if you are going for triple 
and double rated, everyone knows the pricing becomes very 
challenging. So, we have to strike a balance where the quality and health 
of the portfolio is also supposed to be ensured. And we need to earn 
also. So, depending on whatever is available on the market and where 
on the table and where we are at that point of time when we are taking 
a call on any entity or any unit, based on that we price it and take a call. 
Having said that, I have to say that last full year as far as corporate is 
concerned, the slippage from corporate sector was nil. So that shows 
the level of underwriting, the improvement which we have ensured that 
whatever corporates we are onboarding, they are not giving any 
challenge to us. 
 
Sumer Choksey:  
 
 
Thank you, sir, and commendations on a good result. 
 
Analyst:  
Thank you. Sir, what is your outlook on treasury after RBI dividend 
payout plus the inclusion in bond index? I am sure the windfall gain to 
most of the PSU and private banks is likely to happen in the current 

 
 
 
 
 
quarter. How are you going to balance between your HTM and AFS 
and the overall book? Would you share assets if the yield is nearing 680 
or you will hold on instead of lending? 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
See, there is a full-fledged treasury for all these basic things and the 
specific points which we are raising. But overall, of course, we would 
like to book in Q1, whatever we can do. And going forward, we will 
see depending on the portfolio, what sort of portfolio we are having 
and what opportunities are available in the market, we will try to 
encash. 
 
Analyst: 
Sir, you answered my previous round question about digital spend of 
Rs 1,100 crores. Are we targeting, because your digital initiatives are 
larger pie for 5-year, 10-year, 20-year vision, this Rs 1,000 crore, Rs 
1,100 crore, what you are saying, is the percentage of the total spend 
you would think over a period of 5 years. The technology spend cannot 
be visualized on a yearly basis. So, what is the kind of a capex you all 
have assumed for doing cloud or node digital initiatives, Rs 3,000, Rs 5, 
000 or migration of technology?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That detailed information we can, in fact, but readily it is not available 
with us. But having said that, I can assure you that digital and IT 
infrastructure and the software and the cyber, all these things are 
catching the topmost attention of the management. And whatever 
needs to be done, including increased spending also, we are prepared 
to do that. 
 
Analyst: 
Sir, most of your gold loans are agriculture advances or it is pure gold 
loan?  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
It is gold loan only being used for agriculture activities. It is gold loan 
retail also, MSME also, depending on what type of uses the borrower is 
doing.  
 
Analyst: 
 
 
 
Sir, how is your international operation?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
We are having 4 centers only, Hong Kong, Singapore, Colombo and 
Bangkok. And all 4 are doing exceedingly well.  
 
Analyst:                    
So, you have healthy margins coming, because I didn't see the breakup. 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:      
Margin is not very high, but it is satisfactory.  
 
Karthik Solanki: 
This is Karthik Solanki from Elara Capital. Congrats to the team on a 
good set of numbers. Sir, there are couple of questions from my side. 
After the total written-off pool, what would be the component of 
NCLT and the non-NCLT?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
NCLT and non-NCLT, the exact figure I may not be having, but I think 
around Rs 18,000 to Rs 19,000 crores. It may not be exactly accurate. 
That is NCLT NPA, around Rs 19,000 crores.  
 
Karthik Solanki: 
And in the interest income component, what would be the proportion 
of dummy interest, like the interest income on recovery of NPAs? 
What would be that component?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:      
Around 10 to 12 percent, I think.  
 
Karthik Solanki: 
 
 
That's it from my side. 
 
Ashlesh: 
Hi, sir. Ashlesh here from Kotak Securities, at the extreme end here. 
Sir, two questions from my side. Firstly, I am just referring to Q4 

 
 
 
 
 
presentation. You have given out two numbers. One is on slide number 
7, about recoveries from written-off accounts, that is Rs 908 crores. 
And for the same item, you have given a different number, Rs 936 
crores in slide number 22. So, I just wanted to understand what's the 
difference. Slide number 7 and slide 22. Recoveries from technically 
written-off accounts. Slide 7 says Rs 908 and slide 22 says…Yeah. The 
Q4 presentation which was on your website. 
          
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Mr. Mahesh, slide number 7. Slide number 7, something else is there. 
Results PPT. 
 
Ashlesh: 
That is the results PPT. Sir, if you don't have it handy, I will come back 
to you on this question. Sir, second question is on your cost of deposits. 
In this quarter, the cost of deposits has not increased much. What is 
the outlook that you have for the next few quarters?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
We will try to maintain at that level. As you will see, it is directly related 
to the amount of CASA we are having. So, if you see, CASA percentage 
and CASA in absolute terms also, both it has increased. CASA 
percentage from 43.74 to 43.90 and it is one of the best in the system. 
And in absolute terms also, growth has been there. And CASA, 
everyone knows that it is cheaper cost of funds. And we deliberately 
and as part of the strategy, we did not go back high bulk deposit rates. 
And that is too costly also. So, going forward, focus on CASA will be 
there. Last year, we have onboarded around 25 lakh new customers as 
far as CASA is concerned. And in those newly onboarded 25 lakh 
customers, we are having a balance of around Rs 10,000 crores CASA 
balance as on date. So, the focus will be on mobilization of cheaper 
deposit, CASA new customers onboarding and cost of deposit, we will 
try to keep it below 5 only. It is at 4.88. For the full year, it is 4.70. So, 
around this range only, we will try to keep it.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ashlesh: 
                 
 
Perfect, sir. Thank You. 
 
Analyst: 
Sir, a couple of points for, mainly for discussion, may not be for, in 
detail, you can elaborate, sir. Lot of things in this bank have been 
cleared. You know, the old, lot of legacy, backlog, there were so many. 
But still, there are some points, for which even the auditors have also 
made, in the emphasis. Generally, they don't modify the report, they 
don't put any emphasis. But here, there are certain items, where they 
have given the emphasis. One is, they said that, there are, old tax 
liabilities, and of huge amount, for which, the cases must have been, I 
mean, the appeal must have been filed, and this thing. But in most of 
the other banks, if you see, even all other 12, 11 public sector banks, I 
mean, this kind of things, are no more there, in any bank, today. They 
are all cleaned up. So, first of all, can you give the colour, over this 5, 6 
thousand crores, or may be more, I think, of this, disputed tax liability, 
and, where do we stand there? Are we, how are we pursuing it, so that, 
we get over of it? Because you have not provided anything, as per 
auditor.  
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yeah, because, it is still sub judice, and whatever claims, have been 
raised, we have gone for, appeal against that. And we are having, very 
solid, reasons to justify, that why, this tax demands are, are not, 
required, I will say. And, this is, going on, and in fact, in, recently, 
whatever, earlier 4, 5 years back, the files which were closed, against 
that also, some demands have been raised, and some, allowances which 
were allowed, at that point of time, that is being challenged. So, it is an 
ongoing process, I do not see, any, I will say, seriousness in this. It is 
part of the process, only that is what I can say. 
 
Analyst: 
My humble submission is that, nowadays, even the department is also 
very proactive, I mean, only thing, we should reach, to the right level. 
There are all online complaints, raising the flags, and everything.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Having said that, it is, it is, it has, caught our attention already, we are 
working on it, and, and it will be taken care of. 
 
Analyst: 
These various liabilities, and it also says that, there are lot of, otherwise, 
auditor will not emphasize, if there are only few entries, there are lot 
of inter-branch, reconciliation entries, which are also now, nowadays, 
it is no more there, in any other, so, maybe some old, this thing, but, 
you know, since it invited auditor's attention. 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Yeah, we have, we have legacy issues, when we shifted from, our own, 
in-house, CROWN system, to CBS (Finacle), in 2015-16, without much 
preparedness, I will say, so, because of that, only, certain entries are 
still there, which we are, struggling to reconcile, but nothing alarming, 
that is what I can say.  
 
Rohit: 
Good afternoon, sir. On the left side, sir. I am Rohit from MMW.  My 
first question is, sir, regarding your, NTC, new to credit customers, so, 
for this current year, how many new customers, you have onboarded 
for, new to credit?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That data will not be readily available with me, but, mostly whatever, 
RAM, credit happens, retail, Agri and MSME, I will say, 98-99% of that, 
is new to, credit customers only. So, that exact number, my CFO will 
share with you, after that.  
 
Rohit:  
Yeah, I will take it later on. And sir, second question is, your loan 
portfolio, for your agriculture, agri lending, loan portfolio is. Rs 55,000 
crores, so, what kind of credit, underwriting parameters, you do, like, 
is it standard, something like, because, CIBIL, Equifax and Experian, 
these kind of benchmarks, won't be applicable to this firm?  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
That benchmarks are there, may not be the entire, on the entire 
portfolio, but these benchmarks are applicable, and, and credit, 
agriculture, credit does not mean, nowadays, only, tractor lending, or 
crop lending, lot many other activities, are also covered, into 
agriculture. So, all credit writing, parameters, whatever are applicable, 
to other sectors also, it applies there also.  
 
Rohit : 
 Thank you, sir.  
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Thank you. Sir, in fact, I don't want to come, in the way of anybody else, 
if they have, their questions, but, if the time permits, I have certain, 
please, more of a discussion, because, you have come after a, long, long 
time, some clarity. Sir, if you look at the, note number 33, of the, notes 
to the account, there is a big change, in the method of provisioning, note 
number 33, of the accounts, audited accounts, and, because of that, for 
the MTM provision, you have taken, hit of, in this quarter, of Rs 576.96 
crores, which has been put, under the, provisions and, contingencies. 
So, if that is the case, in that case, whether the provision, otherwise, 
would have been only Rs 150 crores, out of Rs 768 crores?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Not really, in fact, it was part of, regulators observation, some 
accounting, I will say, the inaccuracies, were there, that accounting, 
inaccuracies, were rectified, by this voucher, so that is why, it has come. 
But, material impact, on provision, or profit, is not there. 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
So, it says that, in this quarter, it has been, this MTM loss, has been, 
taken in this quarter. 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
It is, yes, it is only, an accounting entry, and, if detailed information, you 
want, I will ask my CFO, to give you separately. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 Because, I just wanted, to have the clarity, that in future…. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
There were certain, inaccuracies, which were going on, in the system, 
for last so many years, and, as part of, yearly inspection, these things 
were pointed out, to rectify, and it was rectified. it has got no material 
impact, on any of the figures 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
One good thing, is that, one good thing, is that, in this quarter, there is 
no RBI penalty. But, in the earlier quarters, in this current year, there 
are three and a half, to four crore rupees of, I think, penalties, which 
have been put, on the bank. So, whether it is, because of this, some of 
these irregularities, or, it's a? 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava: 
Not really, those were, those were different issues, and, those, 
whatever penalties, three crores or four crores, have been given, that 
were related to, some corporate accounts, and, it was applied to, many 
other banks also, in which, IOB was also, one of the banks. 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir in case of this acquisition, sale of assets, to ARC, Rs 1,842 crore, has 
been sold, to ARC, consideration is, Rs 660 crore, and, reversal, in the 
provision, is Rs 161 crore. So, I believe, this Rs 161 crore, may be the 
cash component, and, the remaining component, from the 
consideration, is the SRs, and, whether it is NARCL, or other ARCs. 
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:    
Both. It includes NARCL also, and other ARCs also.  
 
Ashok Ajmera:          
Can there be some, some breakup, out of Rs 1,842 crore?  
 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:    
Yes, that we can give you, separately 
 
Ashok Ajmera: 
I'll come back, again  
 
Moderator: 
Any other questions?  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Analyst:  
Sir, as, as already been said, earlier also, you are given, the valuation 
slide, also here, in this slide. But, if you look at, or compare with, any 
other bank, including, even the, some of the, even private sector bank, 
our market price, vis-a-vis, many of those parameters, of the stock, are, 
of course, it's not of your concern, but just for, discussion purpose, is, 
too high, than, some of this, benchmark, figures, which are available. So, 
one is that, the book value, to, so our adjusted book value, is eight and 
a half, or nine, and if you take, plain net worth, and divide by, number 
of shares, then it is coming around, 14, 13 and a half to, 14. But still, the 
multiple is too high. So, one is that, raising the capital, and putting it, 
proper use, and reducing that, second is, to, definitely, increase the, 
overall performance of the Bank, including ROA and the entire 
profitability and also the loan book because higher income, higher ROA 
leads to profitability, now a days everything has come under the NIM 
now, so operational efficiency requires to be increased in a proper use 
of the money is to be done to justify the 65 rupees or whatever is the 
stock price now vis v some of these parameters, otherwise it may not 
sustain, one more reason is government holding, so what is the plan for 
the dilution so that more equity gets in the hands of the retail and 
institutional players and the right price discovery can take place,  your 
thoughts on this Sir? 
Ajay Kumar Srivastava:    
Sir for the government holdings of 96% we have started the process. 
And in this year, we are planning to raise Rs 5,000 crore rupees of Equity 
and the dilution that will happen so the government holding can come 
down to about 82% that is what we are expecting. 
Second thing about share price what is in our hand is to perform that 
we are seriously trying, and we are delivering on quarter on quarter. 
We have to grow organically we have to grow healthy; we have to 
increase income and we have to reduce expenditure so that more and 
more profit is generated. My asset book has to be healthy, slippages 
should not be there, digitally and cyber all things should be absolutely 

 
 
 
 
 
perfect and so all these things are in our hand and we are focusing and 
delivering, remaining things are for the market to decide. 
 
Thank you, sir, thank you madam and thank you everyone for coming 
and spending time with us and as all of you have noticed that we are 
performing consistently well that is what I can say quarter on quarter, 
year on year and that is going to be the hallmark. And on behalf of the 
management and board of directors of the Bank I do assure all of you 
that going forward the performance will be even better. Thank you, 
thanks for coming. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IOB and Veritas 
Reputation we conclude this meeting, please join us for Hi-Tea. 
 
 
*****************  
