 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
CIN: L65991MH1999PLC123027 
Registered Office :"HDFC House", 2ndFloor, H.T. Parekh Marg, 165-166, Backbay Reclamation, Churchgate, Mumbai-400 020 
Tel.: 022 - 6631 6333 Fax: 022 - 6658 0203 Website: www.hdfcfund.com email: shareholders.relations@hdfcfund.com 
Ref/No/HDFCAMC/SE/2024-25/11                                                                           Date – April 25, 2024  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Kind Attn: Head – Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Sir PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Kind Attn: Sr. General Manager – DCS Listing 
Department  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter & year ended March 31, 2024, 
conducted after the meeting of the Board of Directors on April 19, 2024 which can also be accessed on the 
website of the Company at: https://www.hdfcfund.com/about-us/financial/shareholders-presentation 
 
Kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia Furtado 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sylvia 
Furtado
Digitally signed by Sylvia Furtado 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=0132, 
pseudonym=c9f9e85fb09a43f689f388d9b8d
526e0, 
2.5.4.20=2ba7a70e85420d41db39726ef5a05
bf9d5b2e3462d9508f4dba3611a8512d899, 
postalCode=560087, st=Karnataka, 
serialNumber=c657741e7c20647b09c19a36
b505d108588ea658a47cf934129cd9fc4d51a
a71, cn=Sylvia Furtado 
Date: 2024.04.25 15:06:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAVNEET MUNOT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAOZAD SIRWALLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SIMAL KANUGA – CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
OFFICER 
 
 
 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q4 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call of HDFC Asset Management Company Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the management team, we have with us Mr. Navneet Munot, Mr. 
Naozad Sirwalla and Mr. Simal Kanuga. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Simal Kanuga, who will give us a brief, following which 
we will proceed with the Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Thanks, Neerav, and good evening, everyone. We'll start with some 
industry-level data points for the year that has gone by. The industry 
closed the year with AUM of INR53.4 trillion, Y-o-Y growth of 35%. 
Net flows for the year came in at INR3.5 trillion. The largest 
contributor to the net flows were actively managed equity-oriented 
funds. They attracted INR2.4 trillion in FY '24, a notable increase from 
INR1.6 trillion in FY '23. The contribution of NFOs to this number 
was INR546 billion. Over and above actively managed equity-oriented 
funds, equity index funds saw net new flows of INR247 billion.  
Net flows into debt funds were INR83 billion. Debt ETF, at INR109 
billion. So that adds up to INR192 billion, though debt index funds had 
net outflows of INR90 billion. So, all in all, net flows of INR102 
billion in debt that is active and passive combined. 
The industry continues to set records in terms of monthly SIP flows 
with overall contribution for FY '24, reaching INR2 trillion as against 
INR1.6 trillion in FY '23. The SIP flows in the month of March 2024 
reached INR193 billion.  

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
Furthermore, equity-oriented ETFs attracted flows of INR293 billion 
in FY '24. The unique investor base for industry expanded to 44.6 
million. That means industry added 6.9 million new investors. 
Now moving to us.  
We concluded the year with an AUM surpassing INR6 trillion, 
showcasing a growth of 39% year-on-year with a higher tilt towards 
equity-oriented assets. During FY '24, we expanded our product 
offerings in sectoral/thematic space by launching 5 new funds. On 
passive front, we enhanced our bouquet by launching 5 index funds 
and 2 ETFs. 
Our systematic transactions, that is both SIP and STP, saw flows 
adding up to INR29.3 billion in March of 2024. This number was 
INR17.1 billion in March of 2023. Notably, our SIP AUM now 
represents 37% of actively managed equity-oriented AUM, more or 
less in line with that of the industry.  
We witnessed healthy growth in our unique investor account. We saw 
addition of 3 million new customers during the year, and the total 
number of unique investors now stand at 9.6 million with 16.6 million 
live accounts. For FY '24, industry added 6.9 million investors. And of 
that, 3 million reposed their faith in us. Lastly, we continue to hold the 
pole position when it comes to market share in individual investor 
AUM and second highest in terms of B30 AUM.  
Moving to financials.  
Our revenue from operations for FY '24 came in to INR25,844 million, 
growth of 19% Y-o-Y. 
Operating profit for the year added up to INR19,000 million, a growth 
of 22% Y-o-Y with a stable operating profit margin of 35 basis points. 
PAT for the year was INR19,458 million, growth of 37% Y-o-Y. We 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
would like to highlight that the effective tax is lower, primarily due to 
a decrease in deferred tax charge for the current quarter, mainly 
attributed to the holding period of certain investment, transitioning 
from short term to long term. 
Finally, Board earlier today has recommended a dividend of INR70 per 
share as against INR48 per share last year, translating into a dividend 
payout ratio of 77%. This is, of course, subject to shareholders' 
approval. I'll hand over the call now to Naozad before we open for 
questions for his comments on our operating revenue. Naozad, would 
you take this? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Thanks. Thank you, Simal. Good evening, everyone. So firstly, there is 
a one-off in this quarter due to year-end true ups. We, of course, try to 
estimate distribution costs with utmost care and precision, but they are 
still estimates. As we see it, the same should get aligned -- starting this 
current quarter. You would have noticed a fall in the direct TER of 
some of our schemes during the last quarter, and the same has been 
reinstated to an extent starting April 1, 2024.  
For example, for the small cap fund, its direct plan TER decreased 
from 72 basis points on 31st December to 58 basis points on 31st 
March and subsequently increased to 63 basis points on April 1. In 
case of hybrid debt fund, direct plan TER decreased from 127 basis 
points on December 31, to 119 basis points on 31st March and 
subsequently increased to 124 basis points on 1st April. Similarly, for 
the credit risk debt fund, the direct plan TER decreased from 97 basis 
points on 31st December to 91 basis points on 31st March and 
consequently increased to 96 basis points on 1st April. The direct plan 
TER for transportation and logistics & dividend yield fund increased 
by 7 and 5 basis points, respectively, between 31st March and April 1. 
Over and above, we also saw a similar kind of adjustments in case of 
some of our other debt funds. To sum up this point, there is a one-off, 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
which has led to a bit of extra margin compression. And we see most 
of it getting realigned, starting first quarter of the current financial 
year. This would just be a fraction of a basis point, statistically, but that 
itself is a meaningful amount for us, especially when the same is 
looked upon from a perspective of a particular quarter. 
Finally, I can tell you that our management fees on equity stand at 
around 59 basis points, 27, 28 basis points for debt and similar 12, 13 
basis points for liquid. This is for the period starting 1st April based on 
the current AUM. So, assuming AUM and asset mix being constant, 
we should be back at around 47 basis points odd from the current 
quarter onwards. 
I think we can take questions from here. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes, Neerav. I think you can start lining up questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the Dhaval from DSP. 
Please go ahead.  
Dhaval: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, I just had one question related to the 
yield in the quarter. You explained that this is one-time readjustment. I 
just wanted to understand what led to this larger readjustment -- 
relatively large readjustment in the quarter. And like in the past, we 
haven't seen this kind of an impact. I just wanted to get a little bit of 
background around this. And if you could just repeat the sort of broad 
expectation of yield based on the current mix that you talked about at 
the end of the commentary. Yes, that's the only question. 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Okay. Let me try and explain this. So, the regular plan TER is 
computed based on the SEBI prescribed formula, while direct plan 
TER is reduced to the extent of distribution commission, right? Now 
what the distribution system will sell and how much the commissions 
are moving are variables, so there's this estimate that comes into play. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
If we underestimate commission on overall basis, we need to reverse 
the expense ratio, so on and so forth. So, without getting into 
accounting complications, again, I would like to reiterate that what we 
said earlier, that we are now at 59 basis points in equity, 27, 28 basis 
points in debt and the similar 12, 13 basis points in liquid. So, to 
estimate revenues for, say, April-June quarter therefore should be 
based on these numbers and not the Jan-March quarter number. And as 
I stated, it is a one-off and has already got corrected to an extent or 
realigned. 
Dhaval: 
Sir, if you can repeat the guidance that you talked about? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, it is 59 basis points in equity, 27, 28 in debt, 11, 12, 13 in liquids. 
So, based on that, if you look at current AUM and the current asset 
mix, that number would be approximately 47-odd basis points. 
Dhaval: 
Understood. Very clear. And just one last data keeping point is on 
dividend policy. So, should we expect this to be the revised dividend 
policy for the company? Or I mean, just how do you think about 
dividend payout from hereon? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
So, I think over the last 2, 3 years, you would have seen that we have 
increased the dividend payout ratio year-on-year, and that's the way the 
Board has been thinking about this. We don't have a stated dividend 
policy as a percentage matter. But if you see the historical trend last 2, 
3 years, the payout has been going up. We obviously cannot second 
guess what the Board would do going forward. But at least from the 
trend, you can see that the Board has been forthcoming in increasing 
payout ratio. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama 
Wealth. 
Madhukar Ladha: Congratulations on a good set of numbers and actually an even 
stronger sort of operational performance. So, two things from my side. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
First, can you talk a little bit about the competitors' intensity that you 
are witnessing flows were very strong in the last quarter? And are you 
seeing increased payouts. And as a result, when you had to sort of pay 
out more, which is why this adjustment is happening right now. Or just 
in general, get a sense of sort of competitive intensity in the market. 
Second, on your staff costs, there is about INR47 crores impact of 
ESOP charges. I wanted to get a sense of what ESOP cost will be over 
the next few years? So those would be my two questions. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So Madhukar, on the first one, I think competition intensity, I think the 
answer is constant. It is as good or as bad as it has been. The 
distribution commission payouts haven't really gone up in this quarter. 
The trend continues to be same over the last few quarters. This 
adjustment, as Naozad explained, has nothing to do with any kind of 
excess brokerages that have been paid or anything on those lines. 
I'm sorry, I'm just answering on behalf of Navneet. So Navneet has got 
an extremely bad cold. He's is in the room, running a bit of 
temperature. So just kind of saving his throat a bit. So that is the first 
one. I think on the ESOP one, Naozad, would you want to take that? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
Yes. So, I think when we gave -- when we sort of granted the stock 
options last year same time, we had given a broad guidance that the 
total cost of the last year grant was about INR55 crores. The way the 
amortization works is typically 60-odd percent gets accounted as an 
expense in the first year, then it drops to around 30% and then 20% 
and then it rolls off. This year's cost includes about INR47 crores of 
onetime ESOP cost. This is, of course, a noncash charge. For the next 
year, I think this number is around INR20-odd crores. But it is just a 
noncash charge for the company. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, could you just give some numbers as to what were the reasons 
that you've given in -- at the beginning of April on asset wise. It would 
be great if you could give some color on as to how they were there in 
the Q4. And secondly, from a more granular growth perspective, what 
are your thoughts and plans in terms of investing into some branch 
expansion? Or how do you see the channel mix evolving in the next 2 
or 3 years for us? And lastly on HDFC Bank, per se, what has been the 
traction there? And how do you see the further momentum in HDFC 
Bank from the next 2 or 3 years perspective? Yes, those will be my 3 
questions. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So Prayesh, if you look at for the quarter, our operating revenue 
reported is 6,955 And if you look at the quarterly average AUM, right, 
it was 6,129. So, if you look at that, based on that, it's around 45, 46 
basis points is what the number is. Now as against that, I think Naozad 
earlier mentioned, that number starting as of -- and that you can take 
on the closing AUM. The closing AUM, so that is we opened 1st April 
at the 31st March closing AUM. So, on that number, if you look at it, 
we spoke about 47-odd basis points. So, does that kind of answer your 
question? 
Prayesh Jain: 
I was looking for more breakup in terms of equity. How much -- what 
was the equity and debt yields in the quarter? 
Simal Kanuga: 
I think we'll just leave that as a composite number. So, you can 
theoretically go and look at the expense ratios of all our schemes and 
do that multiplication. But I think this is where it is kind of Naozad 
gave a breakup about some of the schemes where the expense ratio had 
fallen particularly during the quarter and again gone up starting 1st 
April. 
Navneet Munot: 
See, Prayesh, as you are aware that we started the year by opening 24 
new branches on 2nd of January. With that, now we are present in 254 
locations, out of the 174 branches are in B-30. In fact, the new 24 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
branches, most of them were in B-30 locations. And also stated that 
while we continue to invest in our digital infrastructure, we also need 
physical presence for the want and the relationship and knowledge 
sharing that we need to do at the local level as well as the servicing. 
So, we will continue to invest in both. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And on the HDFC Bank? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, on the HDFC Bank, I think as we mentioned for the last couple of 
quarters, we've been progressing pretty well. Our teams have been 
engaging across all levels. We have done a lot of mapping of their 
clusters with our clusters, their branches with our branches, their 
people with our people. We are engaging with various teams in the 
bank to have a greater synergy and to leverage the most from the 
potential that has arisen. 
The opportunity at hand is very big, and we'll do everything in our 
capacity to capitalize on it. I think I mentioned in the last call or maybe 
before that, that we have put in a dedicated resource to look after this 
channel. And I must say that the engagement levels are very, very 
high. I just mentioned about the expansion in the physical branch 
network. This also helps us in terms of servicing these branches. And 
happy to state that our flow market share in bank's book is higher than 
the book market share. So that's encouraging. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mohit from BOB Capital. 
Mohit: 
So, my first question is in terms of operating expenses. In terms of 
AUM, it has been around 12 bps, maybe lower than the last year. But I 
see that it is kind of constant to look at like 3 to 4 years. So, can we 
actually assume that it is actually difficult even in a good market to go 
below 12 bps in terms of the operating expenses in terms of AUM? 
Naozad Sirwalla: 
I'll take that. So, see, our total expenses as you said, are 12 basis points 
for FY 24, right? This is led by people increase, investment in 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
technology and digital. We are quite optimistic on the opportunity in 
front of us. And we do believe that we have just scratched the surface 
and are fully committed to embrace any opportunities for investment 
and expansion. We opened 24 new branches and constantly evaluate 
additional opportunities for growth and expansion. 
Keeping in mind the ongoing evolution of technology, we are steadfast 
in our commitment to continue to enhance our digital capabilities. So, 
this year, we saw total cost go up by INR72 crores on an absolute basis 
at 12%. And if we exclude the noncash charge for ESOP, the costs 
increased by INR65 crores, that's around 11%. We managed INR6 
trillion of AUM, 254 branches, so 1509 people on rolls, around 500 
people off-rolls. And for all of this, our total spend is, I think, INR680 
odd crores for the year. 
So, to put a comparable number that 5 years ago, in FY '19, we have 
spent a total of INR482 crores. This excludes the fees and commission, 
there was an accounting change from FY20. And so, our increase over 
the last 5 years aggregated 42%. So, I think the question of how this 
will look going forward, we don't want to make any guesses here, but 
we'd like to state that we have managed the cost well over the last 
several years. 
And there is no reason for us to believe that we will falter on this front. 
So prudent spending is something that is well ingrained in our culture. 
Also, let us clarify that we will not shy from investing in the business 
and we actually go all out and hunt for opportunities to invest. Focus is 
to create a top-of-the-line asset management company over time. 
Simal Kanuga: 
And actually, if I can just add, right, basically 3-odd years back, we 
were at 13, 14 basis points. And every bp for us now is INR60 crores. 
So, we have come down from 14-odd to 12 now. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Mohit: 
No, no, Right, that's what I'm saying. So, basically in a good market, I 
mean, is it fair to assume that below 12 bps, it's not possible. And 12 
bps -- 12 to 13 bps something that we should expect going forward? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Don't want to make a guess there. Let's see how it goes. 
Mohit: 
Okay, fine. And lastly, in terms of we recruited close on 228 
employees over the last 12 months. I just wanted to know whether it's 
only because of the branch expansion or basically even the general 
course we recruited these people? 
Navneet Munot: 
I think a large number of them are the salespeople on the ground as we 
have been expanding and also in some of the other capabilities that we 
have been building, whether it's alternatives, a lot of people in 
technology, in digital and client services. So, as Naozad mentioned 
earlier, that we won't shy away from investing and that includes adding 
people. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes. Okay. Sir, 3 questions. So, first is on your run rate revenue. So 
basically, you said your run rate will now be 47. So, based on that, can 
we assume that the current mix assumes that your EBIT should come 
back to the 36 odd basis points now? 
Simal Kanuga: 
35, Saurabh, right? Last quarter is if you'll take all this -- I think it 
should remain in that range. So, assume that 47, assume that 12, 
everything else being constant, then you get to 35. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. I think I got to 36. Okay, fine. 35 is okay. The second, sir, is 
essentially, you mentioned that your flow market share is higher, how 
much higher can you quantify? How much higher will it be? 
Navneet Munot: 
On the flow side, we have always mentioned we don't share that data. 
There is so much data already available in our industry. From a 
competitive perspective, we don't share that, yes. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Okay. And on the HDFC Bank channel, how much will it be 
higher with... 
Navneet Munot: 
I talked about HDFC Bank channel. Yes. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think, Saurabh, of out there also, it is higher than what as our 
book share has been generally in the 25% to 30% range. But the flow 
share definitely is much more. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
I mean, much more will be like 50% more or 100% more? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, Saurabh, see I'll tell you where the thing is, right? If you look at 
overall, our overall share also, I'm talking about ex HDFC Bank also is 
much healthier because of various factors that you are aware of. And 
so, if overall share is higher by, say, for example, if our share was x 
and it is x plus 20% in HDFC Bank, it is better than that. That way I'm 
saying. 20% is just an example. That's not a number. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Understand. Okay. And lastly, so if you just think about your 
active equity market share over a period of time, so you obviously 
come down from 17%. It's now going up. It's actually gone up to 
around that 13% odd mark. So, is 17%, what you were, and let's say, at 
the IPO during 2018 still aspirational? Or you think that is now a very 
different -- I mean, that will be difficult to achieve? Because now you 
have the distribution, you have the performance. Do you think that 
17%, you can claw back to? 
Navneet Munot: 
Saurabh, if I remember correctly, we were at 20% 10 years back in 
2010s. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes. So, let's say from 2018. 
Navneet Munot: 
As a benchmark -- I mean, on a serious note, the market dimensions 
have also changed, right? I mean, the largest bank distributor in India, 
which is almost a closed architecture. You have 3 other large banks, 
which are highly guided architecture on the retail side. Some of those 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
things also kind of impact the overall growth because you have to 
compare the right denominator with the right numerator.  
But from -- I think, given all the strength that we have, the way we 
have invested over the years in business, our aspiration is always to 
keep increasing from wherever we are. And while we feel happy about 
wherever -- I mean, whatever incremental gains that we have made, 
but the hunger is a lot more. That's all I can say. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. And just one final question if I can. So, your slide seems to 
suggest that of the incremental users which have been onboarded in the 
industry, your incremental market share is near 40%. Is that like more 
direct? Or is it because of the bank? 
Navneet Munot: 
It's a combination of everything across all channels, more direct as 
well as distributor and within the distributor across all channels. So, 
we've been gaining market share and gaining new unique investors into 
our fold. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh from Multi-Act Equity. 
Akshat: 
This is Akshat from Multi-Act. So, I just wanted to understand one 
point, the 47 basis points revenues... 
Moderator: 
Akshat, I'm sorry, can you speak a little louder, please? 
Akshat: 
Yes. So, the 47-basis points revenue yield when we think about that, 
and within that equity when we are understanding that it is 59 basis 
points, that will be under the assumption of current AUM. But since all 
the top 3 or 4 funds are now about INR50,000 crores mark, so when 
we see a mark-to-market gain in these AUM, so what could be the 
potential impact of 8% to 10% mark-to-market gains in this one on the 
59 basis points that we have for the equity as of now? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, I mean, this is what I mention in every quarter, there is no escaping 
margin dilution due to the telescopic pricing. We did see our active 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
equity-oriented AUM rising by INR1,432 billion during the year. That 
is like 62% Y-o-Y. And some of our large schemes, if I look at balance 
advantage funds saw its AUM increase from INR520 billion to almost 
INR800 billion, resulting in a TER reduction of 13 basis points.  
And similarly, our mid-cap opportunities fund grew from INR350 
billion to over INR600 billion. That's leading to TER decline of 19 
basis point. But this is a happy dilution. I mean, I'll be happy if there is 
market goes up 10% and we have more gain, because this number is 
just a statistic. More important is the actual profit that we make or 
actual revenue that we make on this. I'll any day take higher AUM 
with lower margin rather than the other way around for obvious 
reasons. 
Akshat: 
Right. So, when we say higher AUM with lower margins, is the 
revenue yield or operating -- so on operating profit basis, the 
incremental AUM would still be around 35 basis points or even that 
could be lower? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Operating profit, if you look at it, it would not be lower, assuming that 
the AUM rise, because the AUM will give us extra revenue, right? And 
thereby, the absolute operating profit will go up. And if you kind of 
divide it by AUM, it would remain there. So, let's assume that the 
equity markets go up by, say, 100% in a year, of course, despite the 
dilution, the operating profit margin would expand. The operating 
profit is highly dependent on the asset mix, right? The dilution is, as 
Navneet pointed out, this is a healthy dilution in sense that our 
revenues go up, maybe the statistical margin doesn't look that 
attractive. 
Navneet Munot: 
I mean, all this dilution happened because the AUM this year grew by 
INR1,432 billion. And just to put that number in perspective, that was 
our AUM, if I remember correctly, on 31st March 2020, equity AUM. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Akshat: 
So, when we say margin, we mean yields, right? So, the only concern 
is that the incremental AUM that flows into equity, be it due to flows 
or due to mark-to-market, our incremental revenue on that would be 
around 40 to 45 basis points and our operating margins today are at 
around 35 basis points. So, the incremental cost for this AUM, do they 
stay at around 7 to 8 basis points? Or they are higher, and hence, this is 
slightly dilutive to the 35 basis points of operating profit yield that we 
have today? That is... 
Simal Kanuga: 
No, no, that is not the way this one works. See, to look at it, it is 
strategy-wise. So, let me put this in number. So, let's assume that we 
are running a particular strategy which is INR50,000 crores of AUM. 
On INR50,000 crores, as Naozad earlier pointed out, say, our margins 
are, undertaking that illustrative number, say, 59 basis points, right? 
Now INR50,000 crores becomes, say, for example, INR55,000 crores. 
Now margin gets diluted, say, from 59 to 57. So, my revenues now are 
INR55,000 crores into 57, which is higher than INR50,000 crores 
multiplied by 59. 
Right? And then even if you divide that by INR55,000 crores, if I look 
like that 57 basis points, but the absolute earning is higher. Our cost, if 
you look at the costs that are debited to the P&L of the asset 
management company, they are very different so-called number, right? 
The numerator there is very different. And once you divide that by the 
total AUM, that will give you the result and basis points of spending 
on our cost. And the residual or the difference between the two will 
give you the operating revenue. So even in the example that you are 
citing, the operating profit margin would look equal or better based on 
the numbers that we discussed. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hope I'm audible. A few questions. First, the 59 bps that you 
mentioned, I would assume that is as on the closing AUM of March 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
31. So that's the first question. Second would be, I would also assume 
that current yield on your fresh equity flow will still continue to be 
lower than the blended book. Qualitatively, can you give some color in 
terms of the divergence or the delta between the fresh versus the 
blended? How would that divergence would have changed over the last 
few quarters compared to, let's say, April 1, 2024 versus, let's say, last 
year, April or the year prior to that. How that would have changed? 
Third would be on the MFD. If I look at your equity growth through 
the MFD channel versus others, there has been some significant 
diverging for the quarter and also for the year. So, is it that your flow 
market share accretion in MFDs would lag other channels? Also, in 
respect of this, I think you have gained in the direct side. And given the 
current construct where your yield from fresh is lower than blended, 
every time you mix in direct increases on the equity, you tend to 
benefit on the blended yields. So, assuming this trend changes MFDs 
business through banks, HDFC Bank revise, can that lead to some 
amount of margin pressure out there? So those are my questions. 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, I think, Dipanjan, I'll try to answer the first question of yours was 
59 basis points on 31st March. Yes, that's right. We opened 1st of 
April at 59 basis points. Current yield is still lower in terms of flows, 
absolutely. The flow is lower than -- the flow margin is lower than the 
book margin. So, the flow margin, as we mentioned on the last call, 
ranges in the 50 to 60 basis points versus the book at 59-odd basis 
points that we made a mention of. Third point that you talked about is 
basically the distribution mix. Now distribution mix, this is the flow 
that is coming in to us, and this is not about the market share that we 
get from each of these channels. 
Now direct, we have also mentioned that in past that the book on direct 
was at the start of the year around 23-odd percent. But we have always 
mentioned that the flow from direct channel is materially higher, 
somewhere in the in the 27%, 28% or even 30% in some of the 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
months. So, because of that, now you are seeing a higher and higher tilt 
falling in favor of a direct plan or the direct channel, that also includes 
fintechs and RIAs. If you look at the pie chart that we have depicted in 
the presentation, that actually gives you the breakup that we have of 
our AUM across very channels, banks, MFDs, national distributors. 
But that does not really mean anything in terms of our market share is 
in those respective channels. And lastly, our margins, whether money 
comes in direct or through any of the channels is constant, right? The 
management fees as per regulation has to be a constant number. So, 
our margins are not kind of impacted by whether the flows coming 
from direct or from any of the distribution channels. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just my last point, if I understand correctly, the direct TER is your 
gross TER minus sir, blended distributed payouts on the back book, 
not on the fresh business. Now given that fresh books payouts are tad 
higher compared to the blended payout on the back book, I mean, very 
mathematically, isn't the net realization on incremental direct flows 
better than the net realizations and incremental to regular flows? 
Simal Kanuga: 
No more. I think because the management fee number between both 
are constant by regulation. So that's not the case. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sir, just 2 questions. While you have highlighting that we have added 
people on the alternative side. So just wanted to know what are the 
different strategies where if you are looking for FY '25 and FY '26 on 
the alternative sites? And any product pipeline for the next year on the 
MF side? 
Navneet Munot: 
Total headcount was a little over 200, a large number of them were in 
sales and also as we expand other channels, like I mentioned, whether 
in the digital side, whether on the alternatives on the investment and 
the distribution side, servicing side and technology, et cetera. And your 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
specifications on alternatives, so last time we mentioned, we gave the 
update on the -- on our fund-of-funds. 
 
We had a commitment to the tune of INR9 billion from over 300 
institutions, family offices and HNIs and hope to raise more capital. To 
further expand our product proposition within AIF, we have hired 2 
senior resources on private credit side. We do see that category as an 
opportunity over the next few years. We will soon launch a product 
there. 
Lalit Deo: 
And on the AMCs, are we looking at any new product launches over 
there? 
Simal Kanuga: 
So, we are looking at some more thematic funds. So actually, we are 
going live with the next NFO the manufacturing fund later this -- so 
actually, next Friday, on 26 is when the NFO opens. So that is 
something on the cards. And then we'll gradually evaluate if there are 
any other opportunities that our investment team is comfortable with. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak 
Securities. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
My first question is that, I mean, what we've seen is that incrementally, 
I think retail money is sort of also fluctuating across categories and 
kind of quick to change preferences, right? So, to that extent, 
incrementally, I think you guys are gaining a lot of share in larger sized 
funds such as Balance Advantage or large cap or even mid-cap. So, I 
mean, at some point of time, do you want to optimize your yields given 
how funds move across categories? Or will it always be like a blended 
number and whatever the number comes out across different funds? 
Navneet Munot: 
You are saying optimizing by what, like we are encouraging flows in a 
certain set of funds? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
No, like this is in the context of the fact that the fund performance is 
very strong, right, to the extent that a lot of these people come and ask 
for these funds, right? So, does it make sense to optimize for yields in 
the way that you are able to, it's to better protect your yields at an 
overall blended level? 
Navneet Munot: 
So, you're talking about the commission exactly? 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes, yes. Exactly, yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
Of course, I mean, it's a balance between 2. On one side, you have to 
keep the competitive environment in mind. And on the other side, as 
you rightly mentioned, we also want to optimize -- you're absolutely 
right. So, I'm going to keep looking at both ends we don’t want to lose 
out on market share when your performance is good, when your 
products are approved. And when there is demand or pull for the 
product. At the same time, we remain very, very mindful of the 
profitability that we want to maintain on these products, yes. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
But just broadly, directionally, I think where the incremental money is 
flowing, should we be really -- I mean, everything else remaining 
constant, just the blended yield number will have further more pressure 
this year? Would that be a correct assumption? 
Simal Kanuga: 
Abhijeet, I think we monitor yields internally product-wise, right? And 
we are definitely very, very cognizant of the fact and we balance it 
well. Plus, we don't want to have like a very wildly fluctuating 
distribution commission policy, you need to kind of align yourselves 
because these are the same set of your partners who helped you in -- 
when your performance is slightly muted and otherwise. 
 
So, I think we balance that quite well. Yields under pressure, I think 
Navneet kind of expanded on that, right? That is a fact of our business. 
The telescopic pricing is what the regulator has kind of defined for the 
industry. So that is -- but honestly, the more we think about it, we are 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
not really perturbed about with increasing AUM, fall in yields because 
hopefully, over a period of time, it will get well compensated. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Got it. Second one... 
Navneet Munot: 
Abhijeet, lower TER in that product relative to, let's say, some of our 
peers would also lead to that much of alpha. And even the sell-ability 
of that product increase over a period of time in our favor. Rather than 
looking at from a very narrow perspective of... 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
The observation was that, I mean, when we look at the fund flows 
across fund houses and across categories, the there's a very wide 
divergence to the extent that new funds are very clear winners and are 
gathering a substantial share. So, to that extent, I mean, is there a case 
for better pricing power is what I was coming from. But I got your 
answer. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Yes, Abhijeet. But if you look at most of our products, and I think you 
can look at just the change of AUM, and I know a lot of you do that 
exercise in terms of change of AUM and change of NAV. If you look 
at it in all dominant categories, be it large cap, mid-cap, small cap, 
balance advantage, focused funds, large and mid-cap, multi-cap, all 
these categories, we've been getting healthy flows. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Understood, understood. Then my second question was that any 
comment or color around how the newer fintech channels are now 
driving flows, any distinct trends out there? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. I think over the last couple of years, they've become quite 
prominent, particularly on gathering new SIPs and bringing new 
investors to the industry. It's a key distribution channel for all AMCs 
and it's growing at a rapid pace. In fact, as a group, they have 
registered 17.7 million SIPs in the current fiscal. We are available 
across all fintechs and our healthy market share in new flows and new 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
SIP registrations. We have a dedicated channel which drives the 
fintech strategy.  
We have our back end well in place to integrate our platform with 
theirs. This is already operational and smooth. So, with increased 
product range, all the products that have been launched with strong 
performance that we have got, the marketing efforts that we make with 
our communication and content, et cetera, we are confident to get our 
fair share of this channel. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA India. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Most of my questions have been answered. I just want one clarification 
and probably your guidance on the debt AUM. So, you've mentioned 
in the previous few calls about leaving aside the debt index fund that 
your market share has been stable. What I can gather is from the 
monthly numbers that have come out, that the market share on annual 
basis between March '23 to, say, February '24, or March '24 has also 
largely been stable. So, any outlook on how should we look at this 
segment going ahead? Would it be a more stable segment in terms of 
market share? Or any strategy, anything that you can help you 
understand the segment. 
Navneet Munot: 
This is the third consecutive year where debt fund as category has seen 
net outflows. So, this year was a net outflow last year as well as the 
year before last industry has witnessed net outflow in this category for 
a variety of reasons, including maybe the overall market environment 
and also maybe some more money would have come this year, but for 
the change in the taxation. 
 
But you might have noticed that an industry, we all believe that there is 
tremendous potential in fixed income category. There is a long-term 
track record. Some of our strategies are very old, and have outstanding 
track record over a period of time of managing credit risk, rate risk, 
liquidity risk, and they offer good value to investors from an asset 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
allocation perspective. As an industry, you might have noticed 
Association of Mutual Fund India AMFI has a Mutual Fund Sahi Hai 
investor education campaign, we've just started a new campaign called, 
Fixed Income Sahi Hai. 
 
This is to create more awareness about this category of funds. And 
maybe over a period of time, everyone in the industry and particularly 
the players like us who have a longer-term track record and a brand 
and pedigree to invest more to cater to that demand as well. I mean, if 
we compare with the bank deposits, over the last 6 or 7 years, fixed 
income AUM as a percentage of bank deposits has actually come 
down. So, over a period of time, I strongly believe that there is 
potential for us to grow in that segment as well. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it, sir. And while you mentioned about the net outflows from the 
industry, I think a couple of months in the last year, Jan-Feb and 
probably November as well, there was a positive inflow in that 
segment, right? I mean has that -- that is a general -- I mean, should we 
count it as something that going ahead, this would be a positive time or 
a greenshoot? Or is it just a one-off month? 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. So, some of the investors who take advantage of the interest rate 
movement in some of the short-term categories, they moved in the first 
quarter, anticipating peak in interest rates, peak in policy rates. And we 
saw some flows. But as I mentioned, year as a whole, the industry has 
seen net outflows. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Raunak Singhi from Reliance Retail. 
Raunak Singhi: 
So, seeing the present market scenario and as we are getting across the 
news that the U.S. fed rates will decrease in the latter half of 2024. So 
how do you see the sort of potential to increase your debt fund 
structure, which can be the lower share than compared to the other 
peers of your group? 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Navneet Munot: 
Sorry, I didn't you get your question. 
Simal Kanuga: 
I think there is a bit of disturbance behind you. But you are saying the 
U.S. fed rates and the implication of the Indian debt funds? 
Raunak Singhi: 
Yes, yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
Yes. I mean there is definitely some correlation, global interest rates or 
global liquidity scenario is also one of the factors, but also the 
domestic growth inflation dynamics, fiscal and monetary policy, all of 
those are also important factors. Our team has a view that interest rates 
are close to the peak. And over the next couple of years, I think 
investors should benefit by allocating some money to the fixed income 
funds. 
 
We have seen positive flows into our long-term debt fund this year as 
some of the investors have committed for longer-term looking and 
locking into the higher rates which are prevailing, the high current 
yield, which is there in the portfolio currently. 
Raunak Singhi: 
My next question is, what's the share of the ETF among your total 
assets under management? 
Simal Kanuga: 
You're talking about our assets under management? You are asking 
what is the ETF share in our AUM? 
Raunak Singhi: 
Yes, yes. 
Navneet Munot: 
That's around 2%. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we don't have anyone in the question queue. That was the last 
question. 
Simal Kanuga: 
Sure. Thanks. Thanks, Neerav, and thanks, everyone, for joining the 
call. Look forward to speaking with all of you next quarter. Thank you. 
Navneet Munot: 
Thanks. 

 
HDFC Asset Management Company Limited 
 
 
April 19, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
