 
 
 
  
 
 
Date of submission: 31st May 2024 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 539551 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- NH 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2024 
   
Further to our earlier letter dated 27th May 2024 in relation to uploading the Audio Recording 
of the Earnings Call of the Company held on Monday, 27th May 2024 for the quarter and 
financial year ended 31st March, 2024, please find attached the transcript of the said Earnings 
Call.  
 
We wish to inform you that the Earnings Call transcript is also available on the website of 
the Company at https://www.narayanahealth.org/stakeholder-relations/earnings-call-
audio-and-transcripts 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sridhar S. 
Group Company Secretary, Legal & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 
SRIDH
AR S
Digitally signed 
by SRIDHAR S 
Date: 2024.05.31 
18:25:17 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
 May 27th, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIREN SHETTY – VICE CHAIRMAN 
 
DR. EMMANUEL RUPERT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MS. SANDHYA J – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. R. VENKATESH – GROUP CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
DR. ANESH SHETTY – MANAGING DIRECTOR, OVERSEAS 
SUBSIDIARY HCCI 
 
MR. RAVI VISHWANATH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, NHIC  
 
MR. NISHANT SINGH – VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE, MERGERS & 
ACQUISITIONS & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
  
MR. VIVEK AGARWAL – SENIOR MANAGER, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 

1 
 
Nishant Singh:   
Good afternoon, everyone! My name is Nishant Singh. I head the Investor relations 
function at Narayana Hrudayalaya. I welcome you all to the Q4 FY24 Earnings Call of 
the company. To discuss our performance and address all your queries today, we also 
have with us Mr. Viren Shetty, our Vice-Chairman, Dr. Emmanuel Rupert, our CEO & 
MD, Ms. Sandhya Jayaraman, Group CFO, Mr. Venkatesh, our Group COO, Dr. Anesh 
Shetty, MD of our overseas subsidiary Cayman, Mr. Ravi Vishwanath, CEO of NHIC and 
Vivek Agarwal, Senior manager in the IR Function. We hope you have gone through 
the investor collaterals which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as 
on our website. As usual before we proceed with the call, we would like to remind 
everyone that the call is being recorded and the transcript of the same shall be made 
available on our website as well as on the stock exchange at a later date. I would also 
like to remind you that everything that is being said on this call, that reflects any 
outlook for the future, or which can be construed as forward-looking statement must 
be viewed in conjunction with the uncertainties and the risks that they face. Post the 
call, should you have any further queries, please do not hesitate to get in touch with 
us. We would like to address them to the best of our ability. With that now, I would 
like to hand over the call to Dr. Rupert.                            
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert:    Good evening, everyone. I warmly welcome you all to the Q4 FY 24 Earnings Call 
conference of Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited.  
 
We are pleased to report the highest ever revenue and profitability margins for the 
financial year 2024. This was aided by improvements in realizations, payor mix, and 
increased patients’ footfalls during the year. Consolidated revenue for the current 
quarter stood at INR 12,794 million, reflecting a growth of 4.7% year-on-year and 6.3% 
quarter-on-quarter. Narayana Hrudayalaya Limited generated a consolidated EBITDA 
of INR 3,184 million for Q4 FY 24, at a margin of 24.9%, against 23.8% in Q4 FY 23.  
Consolidated operating revenue for FY 24 stood at INR 50,183 million, reflecting a 
growth of 10.9% year-on-year, with a consolidated EBITDA of INR 12,275 million at a 
margin of 24.5%.  
 
HCCI Cayman continues to deliver strong business performance, with a quarterly 
revenue of USD 30.5 million a year-on-year growth of 3.1% and a financial year 
revenue and EBITDA of USD 123.9 million and USD 58 million of EBITDA, respectively. 

2 
 
We are confident that our Caribbean business will continue to grow through strategic 
initiatives and investments in the coming year.  
 
The balance sheet and liquidity profile at the group level remains strong, with group 
cash and liquid investments of over INR 12.58 billion against gross borrowings of INR 
14.41 billion, resulting in a net debt position of INR 1.84 billion as of 31st March 2024. 
Our net debt to equity ratio now stands at 0.06, giving us sufficient room to fund our 
expansion through a mix of borrowing and internal accruals. We have incurred capital 
outlay of upwards of INR 9 billion directed towards transformation of existing 
hospitals, repairs and maintenance, bio medical expenses and greenfield expansion 
projects.  
 
On the clinical front, we continue to do cutting edge work and Health City, the Cardiac 
Hospital in Bangalore successfully performed 19 TAVI's, 19 robotic cardiac surgeries 
and 255 Minimal Invasive cardiac surgeries during the quarter, and more than 1000 
Minimal Invasive cardiac surgeries during the year.  
 
The RN Tagore Hospital in Kolkata performed a Trans-axillary Perceval Plus Suture-less 
aortic valve replacement using Central Cannulation technique, one of the first in the 
country. The Health City, Bangalore has successfully performed more than 16 solid 
organ transplants and 89 robotic surgeries in the quarter. It is also performed a bone 
preservation surgery with a 3D printed model. It also performed an ovary preservation 
surgery for a cancer of the ovaries.  
 
Our focus on digitization and business transformation continues to lead to significant 
benefits throughout the Narayana Health System. We launched a comprehensive 
purchase model in our ATHMA platform which will streamline supply chain 
management operations across the group. Our nursing app, called ‘Namah’, was 
launched in India in February, resulting in savings of 5000 person hours till date. More 
than 95,000 discharge summaries were certified by doctors on the ‘Aadi’ mobile app, 
helping us discharge patients sooner. We have seen a 19.73% increase in lab 
throughput handled through our ‘Athma’ alias the Lab Information System. We have 
also introduced patient kiosks in three of our hospitals in order to streamline the 
patient transactions. The monthly active users count for our Narayana Health app has 
crossed 200,000, while the app getting a rating of 4.8 on the Google Play Store.  

3 
 
 
Narayana Health Integrated Care continues to perform as per a growth plan. Revenue 
for the quarter crossed INR 68 million, the highest so far, with more than 43,250 
patient transactions. We will continue to grow this business and serve our customers 
with a clear focus on improving their health outcomes. We continue to upgrade our 
clinical and non-clinical operations across the group, transform the patient service 
levels, increase our throughput, build more capacity, invest in more digital patient 
outreach channels, and improve our operational efficiencies.  
 
We are reasonably on track on our ESG commitments and continue to focus on 
creating meaningful social impact in addition to pursuing our environmental goals and 
upholding the highest standards of governance. We are simultaneously pursuing 
organic and inorganic growth opportunities, both in India and overseas, that will 
derive synergies from our existing operations, maximize value for all our stakeholders, 
while keeping a close watch on the return on capital. Thank you.  
Nishant Singh: 
Thank you, sir. I would request everyone to now use the ‘raise hand’ feature to start                    
posing the questions. Ya Prithvi, please go ahead. 
Prithvi: 
Viren, obviously, you know, if we look at the India business numbers for the last two 
quarters, ARPOB continues to increase at almost 10%, whereas the number of 
discharges has been on a declining trend. And it's not, I mean, looks like across all the 
hospitals of your network, there has been a declining trend of discharges. So, just 
wanted to understand, how do we see this and how exactly management is thinking 
about this change that's happening? 
Viren Shetty: 
Thanks, Prithvi. I'll let Venkatesh start then I'll add to it. 
R. Venkatesh: 
Yeah. So, if you look at Q4 of last year, FY 23, there was a signiﬁcant upside due to post 
COVID rush, which you've seen across all the sectors. I mean, across the sector. So 
obviously when we're comparing with this quarter and the quarter before, we are 
obviously comparing against a very high base. Plus, there are also issues in terms of 
our infrastructural transformaƟons, which we are working on changing the bed 
conﬁguraƟons into private, semi-private rooms, which has reduced bed availability at 
peak admission Ɵmes, but things will normalize once we are ready with this. And of 
course, even when we focus on payor segments, it has helped us improve our IP 
average revenue per paƟent to our highest level of 1.31 lakh. But we have seen some 

4 
 
volume raƟonalizaƟon even there. But this will get corrected. So, while we are focusing 
on these three major areas, including the payor segments, we have seen the highest 
ARPP. But resulted in some volume raƟonalizaƟon, which will deﬁnitely get corrected 
over a period of Ɵme. 
Prithvi: 
So, if you look at the India business revenues, I mean, you know, earlier it used to be at 
14-15% per annum. Obviously, that's a high number, that's not sustainable. But the last 
two quarters number of 4 to 5% growth how do we see this moving forward? I mean, 
will it touch a high single digit or 10% kind of number, or will it be lower at these 
levels? 
R. Venkatesh: 
See I already told you when we were comparing this with this quarter, we are 
comparing it to the very high base of last year Q4, that's why this 4.7%. Because it was 
at a higher base. But in spite of this we have had good healthy boƩom line. But of 
course, when it comes to the revenues, we would conƟnue to work on our eﬃciencies 
and meaningfully uƟlize our exisƟng capaciƟes through a combinaƟon of throughput 
increase, payor mix, digital iniƟaƟves, and try and work on double digit revenues Ɵll 
our expansions kick in. We are preƩy conﬁdent in terms of that. 
Prithvi: 
Got it. Moving on to Cayman looks like even in this quarter, I mean, even Cayman had a 
weak revenue growth in this quarter. So, just trying to understand, Anesh you know 
what's happening there? 
Anesh Shetty: 
Hi. Hi, Prithvi. Thanks for the quesƟon. So, as you know, we are very, very close to 
commissioning the new hospital and this is perhaps the last quarter before we get 
started with the commissioning, the new hospital. So, we will see that slowdown in the 
number of new services we can add or the capacity or the number of new paƟents we 
can aƩract, given the exisƟng challenges with the exisƟng locaƟon, with capacity and 
locaƟon, more importantly but that's why we started the new expansion. And this is 
just, you know, a few months before commissioning the new hospital, which we are 
hopeful of seeing about 3 or 4 new service lines that we've never had before. And we 
will see the result in growth from that. 
Prithvi: 
And when is the new hospital likely to get commissioned? 

5 
 
Anesh Shetty: 
The inauguraƟon will be in July. We'll be treaƟng paƟents soon aŌer, hopefully in early 
August, that's the goal. The inauguraƟon is a set date because that's within our 
control. But when we can actually start seeing paƟents, there is a few weeks of 
uncertainty given certain inspecƟons and compliance sign oﬀs that have to happen, 
but our aim is to start it in August. 
Prithvi: 
So, one last quesƟon on Cayman, I mean, the average revenue per paƟent seems to 
have declined sharply in this quarter from 35.3 US thousand dollars to 29.1. Any 
change in the case mix that happened in the quarter? 
Anesh Shetty: 
So, like we suggested before Prithvi, we prefer to look at longer term trends in Cayman 
and not quarter-on-quarter because a few large cases can skew that. But if you see the 
longer-term trend, there is a slight slowdown in the average realizaƟon per paƟent and 
this is because when we were at an annual revenue of around 70, 80, 90 million USD, 
we were predominantly restricted to few very high end, high complex specialƟes. But 
as we conƟnue to grow, we will be geƫng into specialƟes and services where each 
paƟent yields lower, but there's decent volume and there's a viable business there. So, 
the per paƟent realizaƟon will gradually come down. As we do more daycare and as we 
open the new hospital and we go more into short stay quick turnaround procedures, 
this will conƟnue, but this is not something we look at as a negaƟve way. It's just a 
diﬀerent case mix, so to say as we grow our revenue. 
Prithvi: 
Okay. That's clear. Thanks. 
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks, Prithvi. Vinu, can we have your quesƟon, please. 
Vinu: 
Hi. Good aŌernoon I was looking for a liƩle more detail on your bed expansion plans 
especially in the light from your PPT, I can see that the greenﬁeld capex projecƟon for 
FY 25 is preƩy high at thousand crores. So, where is this mostly geƫng invested? And if 
we could get a rough sense of how many beds are coming online over the next two, 
three years and when, that would be great? 
R. Venkatesh: 
Yeah see, our expansion plans would be focused mainly on our centres in Bangalore 
and Kolkata, more so in Bangalore going ahead than Kolkata. When it comes to 
Bangalore plan, it includes your expansion of the exisƟng Health City campus on the 
land which is owned by us, where we will start construcƟon of more than 3 lakh plus 

6 
 
square feet and we will have a mix of rooms, ICU’s, OT’s mulƟ-level car parks, state of 
the art setup. We've also acquired land in Rajarhat. We've taken the posiƟon we 
expect a 3 lakh plus square feet construcƟon also to start up now by the mid of the 3rd 
quarter. We've also recently acquired one parcel of land in the upmarket Bangalore 
locaƟon, for which the construcƟon should commence within the next 5 to 6 months. 
We are also in the process of shortlisƟng a few more land parcels for greenﬁeld 
projects in areas where we don't have presence in our focus ciƟes. So, all in all, we will 
have more than 8 to 10 lakh square foot of construcƟons coming up from the mid of or 
to the end of 3rd quarter. So, these will be the major expansions, which will happen in 
the due course of Ɵme. And apart from this, there are plans for capex of around INR 
300 crores plus in rouƟne biomedical and maintenance, plus an addiƟonal INR 250 
crore for our new Cayman facility, which is in the end stage. 
Vinu: 
So, when you say 8 to 10 lakh square feet do you mind translaƟng into number of 
beds? 
Sandhya J: 
We don't parƟcularly want to do that equaƟon yet. 
Viren Shetty: 
The designs are sƟll, at this point, very much being ﬁnalized right now in the split 
between the diﬀerent departments. So, it's not a ﬁnal number on the total number of 
beds yet. 
Vinu: 
Understood. So just to get a context how many max square feet is your total of all 
faciliƟes as of today? 
Viren Shetty: 
I mean, we'd have to do a lot of math on that. No, we'd have to get back to you on 
that. It's hard for me to tally all oﬀ that. 
Vinu: 
Okay. I'm just trying to get you know, put the size of the expansion in context. Just to 
extend this quesƟon so you said the construcƟon is set to start someƟme mid to Q3 
this year, so can I assume most of these beds would be coming online say about 2 to 3 
years from now? 
Viren Shetty: 
Closer to 3. Yeah. 
Vinu: 
Closer to 3. Okay. Understood. Perfect. Thank you. I'll join back. 

7 
 
Viren Shetty: 
Yeah. 
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks, Vinu. Yes Sukantha, can we have the quesƟon, please? 
Sukantha: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah. 
Sukantha: 
First of all, good aŌernoon, everyone. My ﬁrst quesƟon is the company have guided 
that the company is doing investment of INR 850 crores. So, my quesƟon is, does it 
include the investment in subsidiaries? 
Sandhya J: 
INR 850 crores, number you've taken from the capex sheet in the IR deck, is it? 
Sukantha: 
No, not from the capex. It's the investment the company is doing. 
Sandhya J: 
See, the capex that we have guided was about INR 1000 crores. We slightly underspent 
on that. So, that's probably the INR 850-crore number you’re looking at, that does not 
include the investment in subsidiaries. The investment in subsidiaries is the cash burn 
that we have shown in the P&L side. Between NHIC and NHIL we have had a INR 12 
crore of cash burn. So, that's preƩy much the investment if you want to look at so far. 
Nishant Singh: 
If you're talking about this, if there is a key balance sheet item of around INR 840 
crores. Is that the number which you're talking about in the current investments?  
Sukantha: 
Yeah, I think it was 840. 
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah. So, that's an investment into, say, normal FDs and short-term liquid instruments, 
which is based out of both Cayman Islands and India. So, that's our liquid investments. 
It's cash. 
Sukantha: 
Oh, okay. 
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah. 
Sukantha: 
My second quesƟon is, SHPL, speciﬁcally Samyat Healthcare Private Limited, a 
subsidiary of Narayana Healthcare, since it is supplying only to the Narayana group. 
Please, can you help me understand, what are the added beneﬁts the company is 

8 
 
geƫng by forming the subsidiary that the company is otherwise not geƫng by 
procuring from the market? 
Sandhya J: 
This subsidiary helps us manage our supply chain beƩer, because we are able to 
opƟmize stock holdings between diﬀerent legal enƟƟes in an eﬀecƟve way. So, it helps 
us with beƩer stock holding, and it also helps us in beƩer tax planning between the 
enƟƟes because this is a full GST enƟty. So, we're able to take credit and as and when 
units needing this stock, we can dispatch it on payment of tax. So, that way it also 
helps us manage the supply chain in a tax eﬃcient way. 
Sukantha: 
Okay. My next set of quesƟons are regarding the greenﬁeld project you are coming up 
with new town Kolkata. So, my ﬁrst quesƟon is, land acquisiƟon cost for the setup? 
What is the land acquisiƟon cost? 
R. Venkatesh: 
Nishant, do you want to take it? 
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah. So, for the Kolkata we paid INR 180 crores including registraƟon cost for the land 
which we have purchased in Q4. 
Sukantha: 
Okay. Thank you. And by what Ɵme are you expecƟng the break even for the setup? 
Nishant Singh: 
See the construcƟon will ﬁnish by say, 3 years, FY28 and as per the working, which we 
have done, we have an esƟmate of around between second and third year for the 
hospital to break even, EBITDA wise. 
R. Venkatesh: 
These are set up in areas where you have a lot of conﬁdence and brand presence. So, it 
won't take much Ɵme for a break even once we commence the facility. 
Sukantha: 
Okay. And what is the capital employed for the project? 
Viren SheƩy: 
Sorry. Could you repeat that? 
Sandhya J: 
Could you repeat the quesƟon, Sukantha? We didn't follow. 
Sukantha: 
What is the capital employed for the project? The new town one. 
Nishant Singh: 
Can we have your quesƟon again Sukantha, please? We were not able to hear it 
properly. 

9 
 
R. Venkatesh: 
He's saying capital employed for this project? 
Sukantha: 
Yes. 
Nishant Singh: 
For Rajarhat? 
Sukantha: 
Yes. 
Nishant Singh: 
See, we have an esƟmate which is for 1000 beds, which is around maybe, say, INR 1000 
crores for the next ten years. So, we don't have a split of how much will it cost in the 
ﬁrst phase, I mean, we can't give it a phase wise, but that's the overall esƟmate of cost 
which we will incur for the next ten years. 
R. Venkatesh: 
Overall, it will be a 1000 bedded project with a approx. capex of INR 1000 crore, which 
will be in phases. It may be in 2 to 3 phases at a max. But then, of course, we don't 
have the breakup of the total investments phase wise. We'll come back to you on that. 
But overall, it will be 1000 crore outlay for 1000 bedded project. 
Sukantha: 
Okay. And what is your expected capacity uƟlizaƟon for the ﬁrst year? 
Viren SheƩy: 
We won’t be able to disclose that at this Ɵme. 
Sukantha: 
Okay, okay, I understand. Okay. And can you please help me with your expected ARPU 
from this project? Will it be slightly beƩer, or you are expecƟng it to be in line with the 
average ARPU? 
Viren Shetty: 
It will be in line with our Kolkata business. 
Sandhya J: 
ARPU is also driven by market factors, Sukantha. So, therefore this project is going to 
come like online aŌer three years. So, it will also be driven by the market realiƟes at 
that point in Ɵme. 
Sukantha: 
Yes. That's why I asked for your expected ARPU, it’s okay then. 
Viren SheƩy: 
Right. Thank you. 
Sukantha: 
I have another quesƟon. 
Viren SheƩy: 
Sure. 

10 
 
Sukantha: 
What Ɵme are you expecƟng it to be operaƟonal, the project? 
Nishant Singh: 
Rajarhat will commence by FY28, the ﬁrst phase. 
Sukantha: 
Okay. Thank you. I have no more quesƟons. Thank you. 
Viren Shetty: 
We have some quesƟons in the chat. We will address that ﬁrst before we move on to 
the others. One is a quesƟon on Cayman seeing a signiﬁcant increase in outpaƟent 
from 7,000 to 10,000. Does it translate into higher inpaƟent volume in the quarters to 
come? Anesh, if you could answer that. 
Anesh Shetty: 
Yeah, sure. So, increase in outpaƟent volumes will to an extent over the quarters, 
result in higher inpaƟent services. But what we really are focusing on is increasing the 
day care services, so, you know, endoscopy, colonoscopy, CTs, MRIs, pharma sales, all 
these day care acƟviƟes for us, which the new hospital is also very focused on. And we 
currently classify all those kinds of services, even day care discharge surgeries under 
outpaƟent. So, the increase from 7,000 to 10,000 in outpaƟent is something very 
intenƟonal and it is on track and as per our plans and we'll be seeing hopefully more of 
that with the new hospital. 
Viren Shetty: 
Thanks. Nishant will answer the cost relaƟng to the insurance business baked into the 
current quarter P&L. 
Nishant Singh: 
Yeah. See we have menƟoned in the footnote the expenses incurred for this NHIC and 
NHL businesses put together. So, that's a number of around INR 11.5 crores for the two 
businesses put together. Majority of that goes towards the clinics business. 
Viren Shetty: 
The last quesƟon is about, we had some issues in Jaipur last quarter due to a change in 
the insurance procedures of the state. Venkatesh can answer. The quesƟon is, has it 
been resolved? 
R. Venkatesh: 
So, this is a work in progress but what we have done is the unit has come a long way in 
replacing these medical management paƟents with a lot of procedure and surgical 
paƟents. The total surgical counts in this unit has gone up drasƟcally in the last quarter. 
Of course, we sƟll have regular discussions happening with the government in terms of 
overcoming these issues. But when it comes to a drop of approximately one and a half 
to two crore on medical management revenues, the unit has come a long way in 

11 
 
recovering at least one crore out of that. Over and above the surge in the surgical 
specialƟes, the unit has shown a very good growth in top line of more than 12% and 
more than 40% jump in the EBITDA in the last quarter as compared to Q3. 
Viren SheƩy: 
Okay. So, before we get to Parikshit, just one more question that's there on the chat. 
The basis for calculating ARPP.  
Sandhya J: 
So, IP ARPP is calculated by the IP revenue divided by IP discharges. And for OP ARPP is 
similar, OP revenue divided by number of OPD patients seen. OP also includes daycare.   
Viren Shetty:  
I see, a lot of people are in the chat. We'll come back to the chat questions if we can 
get Parikshit because he's had his hand up. If you could ask your question, please.  
Parikshit: 
Hi, thank you. So, a few questions. You mentioned earlier in this conversation when 
the muted growth was brought up, among various reasons. One of the reasons was 
the base comparison from last year, same quarter. So, how long should we assume 
this high base impact should continue? How many more quarters?  
Viren Shetty: 
See, the base impact. So, we are trying to ask if next year also the numbers would be 
the same? And the answer for that is, it would be hard for us to project. We did have 
quite a lot of pent-up demand in the post-COVID years and a lot of catch-up growth 
that's happening. Now, the next 2-3 years, we are in this little in-between period 
where a lot of the infrastructure transformation, a lot of the processes have been able 
to deliver some of their results. There's still quite a few more that need to remain. But 
we're also in a massive infra-ramp-up period. Which means that, some of our hospitals 
were adding more beds in the same campus, some hospitals were adding it to the 
same building and in some cities where we're fully built out, the infra will be coming in 
different parts of the city.  
 
So, for that, we would be hiring people to match up to the same. We would be 
incurring a fair amount of expense in order to get those projects going. So, the sort of 
post-COVID numbers that I think a lot of people got used to seeing from the 
healthcare industry, at least in the case of our business, will probably kick in only post 
that. For now, what we're trying to achieve the most is an adequate mix of payors, of 
getting adequate utilization for the existing infrastructure, and looking to see with the 
existing space that we have, which is quite constrained at this time, what best we can 

12 
 
do with it. But we're always trying to prioritize sustainable profits over just plain 
revenue numbers, just given that all these beds will come online in three years. So, 
hard for us to say that this sort of performance will be the norm for the next 2-3 years. 
There's still a lot more that we need to do and things that we're working on, on our 
entire digital transformation program. But this is the best that we can give.  
Parikshit: 
Understood. So, if I were to put it slightly more bluntly, we are basically…currently, our 
growth is getting bottled because of capacity constraints and not so much a demand 
constraint. 
Viren Shetty: 
Well, it depends on what time period you're looking at. See, just generally as a 
country, Indians are the least medicated, least likely to seek treatment, least able to 
afford the cost of surgery, and we're coming in with offerings that are able to cater to 
all price points. So, in that, we don't see any shortfall of demand. The question is, the 
things that we need to do to attract patients, we have to do a lot more. And so hence 
a huge investment from our side in outreach, in building clinics, in putting an insurance 
program, in building multiple points of presence across the city, because while the 
previously, even currently, sorry, most of our revenue comes from acute cases; people 
coming with really serious conditions and that's what they end up in the hospital for. 
But as we start to broad base our revenue, just what we're doing in Cayman, where 
we're doing a lot more daycare, a lot more preventative, a lot more outpatient work, 
we will start reaching patients closer to where they are. So, the sorts of things we have 
to do are different.  
 
So, I wouldn't say that there is any demand slowdown. I'd say there's a demand 
capacity bottleneck for the OTs that we have, for the cat lab that we have, for all the 
infra that's there. But there's still a lot more we can do by coming closer to patients.  
Parikshit:  
Got it. So, just a sub-segment of that, you know, there is also a general feeling that 
there is a slowdown in the consumption sector in India. I know, of course, healthcare is 
a lot more required service rather than a discretionary spend. But does that impact 
our industry as well?  
Viren Shetty:  
Maybe a quarter, maybe. We've seen. So, there is cyclicality during wedding season, 
during the rainy season, during a puja season, during any festivals. So, yes, people will 
push out certain healthcare procedures by a quarter, two quarters at most, but not to 

13 
 
the extent that you imagined. And still, we are nowhere close to the saturation in 
demand for the population being exactly as it is. If everyone stayed the same age and 
the Indian population never grew, still there's sufficient demand that we're seeing for 
the healthcare services.  
 
Now, given the fact that we are getting older, and the healthcare needs are constantly 
increasing and the population is growing, it's just three levers of growth that we have 
to risk. At the price point that we offer, I think that would be the important caveat that 
we're putting out there. We're trying to be a lot more cost-effective. We're trying to 
reach out to patients with price point they can afford.  
Parikshit:  
Got it. Last question. I know that you have not been able to translate the future 
expansion into the number of beds. But the new Cayman Islands facility, can you give 
us in terms of… like currently 110 beds, how much will that become?  
Anesh Shetty: 
Yeah, we'll add another 60 beds to that. But I would also like to mention that bed is 
not an appropriate indicator of growth or capacity or volume, given that the focus is 
more on daycare services and throughput. But to your question, it's about 60 beds, 
roundabout there.  
Parikshit: 
Well, noted, Anesh. Thank you so much. Thank you.  
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks, Parikshit. Damayanti, can we have your question, please?  
Damayanti: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, can 
you update us on improving profitability at some of your lesser profitable units, SRCC, 
Gurugram, Dharamshila, etc. So, if you can talk about progress in each of these 
hospitals where they have reached in terms of margin improvement.  
R. Venkatesh: 
Yeah, see, when we talk about Q4, Q4 has been really good for these hospitals. 
Gurugram has gone from a break-even to EBITDA positive. Mumbai has also shown 
positive in single digits, and Dharamshila has been very consistent quarter-on-quarter 
in double digits as usual. Combined EBITDA margin is around 9% with a revenue base 
of 115 crores for the quarter. When it comes to the NCR, we are very positive on NCR. 
This is one of our main focus markets. NCR has come to consistency in terms of steady 
performance and it will remain as one of our focus markets for expansions.  

14 
 
Damayanti: 
And what are the main drivers for these improvements which you have seen? And, 
how confident you are about improving margins from this 9% to say corporate level?  
R. Venkatesh: 
We will not be able to give you a very clear and indicative picture, but Dharamshila has 
been very consistent at 15% plus, and we are confident of growing more and more on 
that. Gurugram, there was a question of stabilizing and consistency in that unit, which 
has actually happened over the last 2-3 quarters. We have actually built in the clinical 
infrastructure, the clinical capabilities, enhanced on it with all the specialties across. 
So, it's actually grown in volumes, grown occupancy over the last 2-3 quarters and 
done very well on top line. And it was just a question of amortizing all the costs with 
the volumes coming in, and that's what has happened precisely when the volumes on 
the top line have built. So, we will continue to consolidate on this to make sure NCR 
remains positive and we keep focusing on it as one of the major areas for expansion.  
Damayanti:  
Thank you. And my second question, if you can update us on your insurance business. I 
guess you launched pilot, right? So, what has been progress in that?  
Ravi Vishwanath:  
Sure. Hi Damayanti, I can take that. So, I guess you're talking about the integrated care 
business, because the insurance business has not kicked in yet. We expect… we're just 
in the kind of final stages of putting… finalizing the product as well as the systems and 
everything else. And we expect to go live next quarter with the insurance business.  
 
In terms of the integrated care business, which is the one that we're piloting, that's 
going well. We've got seven clinics in Bangalore at the moment, they're growing as per 
our plan. We will add several more clinics in Bangalore this year, and then integrate 
the offerings with the clinic and the insurance once the insurance business goes live. 
Damayanti: 
Sure. And my last question is, did you mention in your opening remarks that you are 
looking at some newer markets where you are not present? And if so, which markets 
or regions you are focusing apart from your existing markets?  
Viren Shetty: 
No new markets as of this point. We are only in the Caribbean looking at anything that 
may come inorganically in certain markets. But at this point, it's still exploratory. In 
India, our focus is on our core geographies.  
Damayanti: 
Okay, thank you. Thank you for your response.  

15 
 
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks, Damayanti. Gagan, please go ahead. 
Gagan:  
Yeah, good evening. So, the first question is around the funding of the capex. I think all 
put together, it’s a figure north of INR 1,600 crores that you've budgeted for the 
coming year. How do you plan to fund it? I mean, the debt equity mix?  
Sandhya J: 
Around 20% will be internal accruals and around 80% we’ll fund through debt. 
Gagan: 
So, gross debt, where does it stand currently, and where do you see that going ahead 
in the next year?  
Nishant Singh: 
The gross debt currently, India plus Cayman put together will be around INR 1,400 
crores. With the borrowing plan which we have, out of that INR 1,600 crores, they will 
borrow, say, another INR 1,200 crores. So, the gross debt we see will be around INR 
2,400 crores. If we do borrow, all we plan to borrow. And the cash in hand will also be 
roughly, say, half of it. So, the net debt, in the worst case, if we were to do all the 
expansion projects with all the debt we have planned for, will be around, say, INR 
1,200 crores.  
Gagan: 
I'm just wondering, in the last two years, you had operating cash flows of 1,000 crores 
each, right, if I go by the numbers reported in Q4 of this year for the balance sheet. 
And you have cash on book. So, I would have thought that it would have been possible 
to find a higher share of this capex through internal accruals than what you are 
indicating. So, just wanted your thoughts there.  
Sandhya J: 
Conservative indication we have given, Gagan. Obviously, we will logically first use 
cash accruals and then we will go to debt. But this is more a conservative estimate. 
Let's assume we find a good use for the cash we are able to deploy. So, therefore, we 
have just taken a view which is the max we could borrow. 
Nishant Singh: 
Also, Gagan, a lot of the cash is parked in Cayman Islands. So, bringing that cash to 
India for Indian expansion is not a good strategy because you have to pay taxes. And 
we are still exploring opportunities to invest the Cayman money outside of India. So, 
that's a big reason why we are not able to spend that cash.  
Gagan: 
But if I got it correctly from your presentation, a large part of the capex that you have 
for next year is for Cayman, is it not?  

16 
 
Nishant Singh: 
Not for next year. If you look at the next year plans, we have only INR 270 crores for 
Cayman. Rest all of that is towards India expansion. But even that INR 270 crores is 
outside of… if we do come across some good opportunities outside of India, then we 
will probably spend more from the Cayman money. 
Gagan: 
Yeah, because I mean, if I look at your presentation slide 16, FY 25 projected, perhaps I 
am confusing the colors. 10450, is it for Cayman or is it for Greenfield? Organic? 
Nishant Singh: 
It is for Greenfield.  
Gagan: 
Yeah. And in the last two years, you have done a fair amount of capex, INR 1,000 
crores each in ‘23 and ‘24. And while this would not have been for a bed addition, 
you've been consistently pointing out that this is meant to increase throughput. So, I 
can understand that Rajarhat and Bangalore, they get commissioned a while away 
from now. But over the next three years, with whatever capex… it's almost INR 2,000 
crores of capex that you've done in the last two years, what headroom for growth 
does that give you? It would help if you could enumerate in broadbands. I can 
understand that a specific number guidance is not possible. But if you could 
enumerate to some degree in broadbands, perhaps, what potential for growth is there 
over the next two, three years?  
Viren Shetty: 
Venkatesh, go ahead. 
R. Venkatesh: 
So, I'm just saying that, see, we will not be able to give you a clear-cut guidance on 
that. But we have been able to grow meaningfully within our existing capacity, and we 
will continue to do it till this expanded capacity kicks in. And it will be through a 
combination of all our throughput increase, improvement in payor mix, technology, 
guided through digital initiatives.  
 
In the meantime, we've also added our Howrah unit with five OTs, wards, ICU beds. 
We also added LINAC in Shimoga. We plan to add LINAC in Ahmedabad. We'll keep 
doing these small additions as and when, and as and where it's feasible till the major 
expansions kick in. This is apart from our efficiency drive to create capacity. And with 
this, we will be confident of growth year on year till these expansions materialize. And 
we have actually demonstrated this in the last two years. And we are confident of 

17 
 
repeating the same in the next two till we build up on the capacity and it starts 
materializing.  
Gagan: 
So, is it possible to. 
Viren Shetty: 
Yeah. Sorry, Gagan, just one second to clarify. 
Sandhya J: 
Significant chunk of the capex over the last two years also went into Cayman. So, 
about that also, you'll have to adjust. 70-75 million dollars has gone into Cayman in 
that capex number.  
Viren Shetty: 
That's greenfield capacity with the headroom for growth for filling out all the 
departments that we don't have in a grade A location to ensure that in Cayman we 
continue delivering strong performance. See, the reason we prioritize a lot of 
investment in throughput and capacity increase and things that are not necessarily 
adding beds, is because greenfield capacity in adding new beds, one, takes a very long 
time to break even and even longer time to generate a return on that capital. The 
most immediate and best use of the capital that we have is in the existing hospitals. 
And that's why FY22, FY21, FY20, all the money that we spent, was on improving the 
performance of our existing hospitals, which turned quite a lot of them around and 
made them into quite profitable entities. So, there is a diminishing returns aspect to 
that, which is why now you're seeing us deploy a fairly large amount of money 
towards greenfield, while keeping some amount of money still towards the existing 
hospitals and refurbishing the rooms and taking it up to do a balance between both.  
 
Now, we have a kind of a focus on ROC and trying to generate healthy returns, but 
that's not the only thing. The doctors, the patients, they don't care about ROC. They 
care about being seen by the doctor on time. So, for us, it wouldn't be one or the 
other. There are times in which we'd want to do greenfield expansion. That time is 
now. And there are times in which we take a step back and try and consolidate, which 
was the story of the past 8 years. 
Gagan: 
Fair point. I mean, I understand that. I'm just sort of trying to… perhaps, I'm thrashing 
around a bit blindly here, but are we looking at a phase of, perhaps, high single digit 
sort of growth, and then you kick into double digit when the new beds come in? Is that 
how one could broadly think of?  

18 
 
Sandhya J: 
It's not fair for us to guide a number. Gagan. 
Viren Shetty: 
You make us very sad, if that were the case. I mean, try not for that not to be the case.  
Gagan: 
All right. And from a tax rate perspective, this was a year where the tax rate was 
subdued. Q4 was higher than the balanced three quarters of the year. Going ahead, 
what are we looking at in terms of tax rate?  
Sandhya J: 
Yes. So actually, this year, if you see for NH India, not just about NHL, but on a 
portfolio of NH India, we finished the tax at about 15.5%. That's because we had the 
deferred tax credit which we got benefit, given that we moved from the old rate to the 
new rate. And therefore, there was a reversal that came on the tax line. So that one 
time of benefit is gone now. So next year, the India business, which is the main 
business plus the subsidiaries, the average tax rate will be about 26%. And Cayman 
business will come at zero tax and the average of that will be our tax rate for next 
year. 
Gagan: 
Are we looking at perhaps higher growth in Cayman starting 2nd half of this year once 
you commission the new hospital at Cayman? And are we therefore, over the 2-3 
years seeing an increased salience or share of Cayman in both revenue and profits?  
Anesh Shetty: 
So definitely once we commissioned the new hospital, we will see an expected amount 
of growth in revenue. But as we have mentioned before, commissioning a new 
hospital brings online a very large amount of fixed costs. So, there will be a very real 
amount of margin dilution until that hospital is able to break even over the next few 
quarters. And then we'll see where we end up on a long-term sustainable basis. So, 
there will be revenue growth, but there will certainly be margin dilution because a big 
chunk of fixed costs will be coming online. And in fact, it already has started as we 
speak right now because we are very close to commissioning those. 
Gagan: 
For analysts, is it reasonable to assume that the bed capacity of the new hospital is 
proportionate in a certain way to the old hospital, so would the opex be? Or would it 
be a wrong surmise?  
Anesh Shetty: 
No, that wouldn't be very accurate. So certain costs which are just related to the size 
of the building would be pretty identical on a per square foot basis. But the building is 

19 
 
staffed very differently when the building is operationally very different. So that 
wouldn't be an accurate extrapolation.  
Gagan: 
Right. Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks for taking questions.  
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks Gagan, for your questions. Yes, Pravin, can we have you question, please?  
Pravin: 
Hi team. So, I don't have any comments on your numbers, but I have feedback to 
provide to the management. Please tell me if I should go ahead and do that? 
R. Venkatesh: 
Yeah, go ahead.  
Pravin: 
Shall I go ahead?  
R. Venkatesh: 
Yeah, go ahead.  
Pravin: 
So, you know, the thing is that recently I had to reach out to Narayana Hrudayalaya 
Bangalore facility. Okay. And I had to reach out to this cardiology department. I 
somehow felt a little demotivated when I went for… when I took my parents for the 
appointments. Okay? I observed a couple of things which I want to bring into notice. 
Because look, I'm the owner of this business and I want my business to be growing and 
serving more and more people efficiently, in a peaceful way, at least from the patient 
perspective.  
 
So what happened was, what happened was, I reached out to your cardiologist and he 
asked us to do Echo, ECG, you know, some of the normal things. And by the time I 
came back, it took me almost 3-4 hours. Okay. The person who manages the 
appointments to the doctor, she said, doctor is an OT. You can't meet him today. Then, 
I went to reception and then complained about this thing, saying, madam, we waited 
for this many hours, please at least give us some supporting doctor so that we can 
show our documents and we can leave the premises with a peace of mind, if there are 
no issues. And then I was connected to some junior doctor. And then junior doctor 
came into the picture and he started looking at our documents and then he was little 
confused there and he couldn't derive. 
Viren Shetty: 
Pravin, sorry to interrupt. What you have, you have an email address and a contact 
details. I'm really sorry for the experience you've had, but just to respect everyone 

20 
 
else's time, we can address the service complaints on a separate thing. Okay? But 
again, truly sorry for the experience you've had. Is there any shareholder related 
questions?  
Pravin: 
Right. So I don't have anything. I'll roll back and I'll send out a mail then. Thank you so 
much.  
Viren Shetty:  
Thank you.   
Nishant Singh: 
Thanks Pravin. Dipankar, can we have your question please? 
Dipankar: 
Hi. Sir, I just wanted to know if the surgical procedures that are offered in Cayman and 
the hospital services, are they reimbursable by insurance companies in the US?  
Anesh Shetty: 
Yes. Hi, thank you for your question. So, most insurance companies in the US will 
reimburse for overseas care. So, there are two principal ways this happens. If you're a 
holder of a US insurance policy and you have an emergency while traveling, almost all 
of them will reimburse. Electively, most of them will reimburse. If somebody chooses 
to come, most of the large insurers will, because the rate that they would reimburse at 
is much lower than what they would pay. But it depends on, you know, which 
insurance, etc. 
Dipankar: 
Okay, thank you.  
Viren Shetty: 
Sure. We'll wait for the other hands to come up. I'll answer some questions that came 
in the chat. One was about what is a better indicator of hospitals, ARPP or ARPOB? 
Why? Just for those who are not familiar, ARPP is average revenue per patient. 
Average revenue per occupied bed is ARPOB. Since we've focused a lot on looking at 
the throughput and the utilization of our existing beds, what's going to happen is that, 
we realize that ARPOB is an instrument that you can use to really manipulate numbers 
in a strong way. And so, it doesn't give you a true picture of what your realization per 
patient would look like, both in an outpatient and inpatient basis.  
 
The other is that the medical field keeps changing. Things that require discharge over a 
couple of hours, things that require overnight admission, are all moving to daycare 
procedures. So, they are physically occupying the bed for most of the day, but they 
don't count as an inpatient and are not reimbursed by the insurance company as 

21 
 
inpatient stays done as daycare. So, in reflection of the way in which the entire field is 
moving, we decided to move towards a ARPP model, which gives a more moderated, 
less prone to manipulation way of thinking about what your realization per patient 
looks like. Now, not to say that one is better than the other, I think that gives a better 
reflection of the state of our business and gives you a more fair and honest 
assessment of how we are doing as a company when it comes to being able to price 
our services.  
 
There are two more questions in the chat about how our services are differentiated 
from its peers and how do we price our surgeries to the customers. Dr. Rupert, 
respond to that.  
Dr. Emmanuel Rupert:   Yeah. So, the Narayana Services, how is it differentiated from the peers is in the 
geographies where we serve. We do give our patients and our customers the cutting-
edge work irrespective of what is the paying capacity and what is the class. For 
example, we in the two centers where we have the Robotic Knee Replacement 
procedures, we have converted 100% of our procedures into robotics. And we are one 
of the highest use of robotic work for non-cancer surgeries as well; the numbers are 
very high. So, we do differentiate quite a bit on the peers and we do monitor the 
outcomes and other things in a much more stringent way and keep a very close watch 
on the outcomes and the way we go about with that. So, from that point of view, it is a 
value for money for the patient because we get the best of the class in the outcomes 
as well as the cutting-edge work and that is what we've been doing. 
 
Yeah, as far as the pricing goes, wherever it is predictable clinical pathways, we prefer 
to have package the procedure so that the patient knows that there is a predictable 
amount that they know that they have to pay. But for the things where it's a little 
unpredictable, that's only where we go for the open billing kind of a system and that is 
where we work towards. Overall, from a price perspective, it is lower than what our 
competitors would be doing. And, mainly, because 80%-90% of the procedures are all 
very, very predictable. So, the patients also know exactly how much they need to pay 
as well.  
Viren Shetty: 
Rajat, you have your hand up. We'll take your question and I'll go back to the chat 
questions.  

22 
 
Rajat: 
Hi, good afternoon. I had a couple of questions on the chat as well. So, probably you 
could skip those. The first question is related, again, to the number of beds. While you 
shared the number of beds being added in Cayman, is it possible for you to share a 
minimum number of beds that are getting operationalized in this financial year in 
India?  
Viren Shetty: 
None this financial year.  
Rajat: 
None this financial year? Alright, thank you. And the second question is related to the 
two subsidiaries, Medha and Samyat, are these being set up for captive purposes or is 
there a larger vision for them? 
Sandhya J: 
For Medha, yes, we will be commercializing our analytics engine. Samyat is for captive 
purposes. 
Rajat: 
Okay. And Medha will, I mean, any guidance or any thoughts on how will this ramp up 
in the next couple of years?  
Viren Shetty: 
This is a healthcare analytics arm and they have quite a few interesting AI application 
that we are using. We have quite a few paying customers as well but the amounts are 
very small and nothing significant enough at this stage in time. But it is something we 
have an aspiration to build out because we do have very strong digital services and 
analytics capabilities and a lot of hospitals have expressed an interest in using these, 
both in India as well as overseas. When there's more to show in this, then we will 
start putting that out separately. But as of now, it was just something we wanted to 
highlight.  
Rajat: 
Okay, thank you. Thanks a lot.  
Viren Shetty: 
Thank you. 
 
So, there's a question on INR 1000 crores Capex earmarked for 1000 beds in Calcutta 
only include the land cost of 180 crores that for building machine equipment? Don't go 
by the INR 1000 crore Capex or the 1000 beds in Calcutta. That was more of a, let's 
say, aspirational statement. The cost of the land was about 180 crores. That was the 
cost that we'll have to pay to West Bengal government. We're still finalizing the 
contractors and the price over there. Once we have a better sense of how much the 

23 
 
final cost will be, we would put it out. But what we have projected is how much we 
know we will be spending in this year for a combination of buying land and putting up 
the foundation and so on. But it's not specifically broken up into how much for 
Kolkata, how much for Bangalore. 
 
There's a question about the economies of Outpatient SBU and Inpatient SBU.  
Sandhya J:  
Outpatient SBU, first of all, we don't break out our numbers into outpatient and 
inpatient. Within outpatient, you have Daycare and OPD. On OPD, a significant chunk 
of the fees goes to doctors. Daycare is similar to IPD depending on the cost we can 
recover and the inpatient is all our costs plus our margin. So, it works in that typical 
range. We are not giving that break up on what is the margin of each of these SBUs. 
But you can work that out, that's industry knowledge.  
Viren Shetty: 
Next question on the chat, reason for the rise in other noncurrent assets going from 
89 crore to 350 crore?  
Sandhya J: 
That is because we are doing a lot of capital projects and there are various capital 
advances we have given for those projects. So, that get grouped as noncurrent assets. 
So, that's why you are seeing that.  
Viren Shetty: 
Next question, last quarter we talked about wage inflation but they see that employee 
costs had dropped in the current quarter.  
Sandhya J: 
See, actually, this quarter we have been able to manage some efficiencies in the 
employee cost because we've been able to add revenue without adding people. But 
that will not continue because our increments have kicked in from 1st April. And also 
we have caught up on the employee backlog in terms of hiring. So, therefore, you will 
see an increase in the Employee cost going into the next quarter.  
Viren Shetty: 
So, another question on margin levers. To leverage, to improve the bottom line before 
the volume increase kicks in from a new hospital? That there are many but it is more 
of the same, which is discharging people faster, admitting them sooner, making sure 
they checkout rather they get discharged from the hospital at 12 o'clock and we get 
patients who get admitted at 1 o'clock. These are a lot of system driven and a lot of 
digitization involved. We've had a lot of savings from moving towards paper. We are 
doing a lot more things paperless and moving to kiosk for admission. So, that should 

24 
 
improve the throughput a fair bit. It may not have that much of a swing as compared 
to pure volume increase would but it does provide a very differentiated experience for 
patients given that we're dealing with large volumes of them and our pricing is not at a 
premium. And, so, if we are able to reduce their waiting time and improve the 
convenience most of the time, we believe that we'll be able to improve the bottom 
line a little bit. Not a lot. 
 
There was a question on the insurance related cost in the P&L.  
Nishant Singh: 
That’s already answered.  
Viren Shetty: 
Okay, so that's been answered. 
 
The current capex plan to be conducted versus current built up space? See, the 
current built up space, just the Health City in Bangalore will be around 9 lakh square 
feet, in Kolkata it will be around 5-6 lakhs square feet, Delhi another 6 lakhs square 
feet, Bombay 2 lakhs square feet, Raipur 2.5, Jaipur 2. So, it does add up to a fair bit. I 
would say that the number of square feet of space we plan to add eventually would be 
in the short term, about half of our current built up area. That's what we aim for. Now, 
we don't have all of them in the pipeline yet. That's what we're looking to add but it 
won't correspond necessarily to the same number of beds as before because the uses 
of space in these new setups is very different from what it was in the past. Prior, we 
never had much Daycare work. We had a lot of space dedicated for inpatient beds but 
now we're doing a lot more procedure rooms and so the actual bed count would not 
be significant. 
 
There's a question on the occupancy numbers for Bangalore and Calcutta. If Venkatesh 
could share the rough occupancy percentages. 
Anesh Shetty: 
Viren, somebody else also have their hand up. 
Venkatesh R: 
Yeah, occupancy levels are stable at 60% plus at the group levels, Flagships have 
higher occupancies. These occupancies may obviously vary between hospitals but the 
flagships obviously have higher than this average occupancy. 
 
But, again, as Viren said, we continue to reiterate that this is not necessarily the right 
measure given that daycare volume has gone up significantly and we are doing more 

25 
 
and more work in Daycare. So, obviously, the occupancy numbers may look very 
artificially low though so much of work is actually happening. We do largest number of 
cardiac procedures in the country, cardiology procedures like Angiogram, 
Angioplasties are like morning-evening discharges, robotic procedures are morning-
evening discharges. So, this means that the bed is occupied during the day but at the 
midnight it shows vacant and that's why it looks artificially low. But then we are more 
working more on throughput through technology driven initiatives to create more 
capacity and do more with what we have.  
Viren Shetty: 
The bottlenecks that we talk about and that's part of the question as well. We're 
bottlenecked in our OPD areas, we're bottlenecked in our billing counters, in the 
parking space, in the number of doctors chambers, in our Operating Theaters, in the 
Cath Labs, in the ICU and the emergency rooms. Those are places we have the most on 
a bottleneck. And, so, a lot of our infrastructure is built for a time when most work was 
long stay inpatient work. So, we probably have too much space dedicated for that and 
we're trying to change the layout so that we're able to cater to a lot more, very fast 
volume in and out. And, so, that's what you're seeing the bottlenecking show up. It 
won't necessarily translate to occupancy but it does translate to the service 
experience and our ability to see more patients in the same space. 
 
Anyone else? Rajat, you still have your hand up.  
Nishant Singh: 
Viren, there's a question on this. How do you read the Supreme Court observations on 
sanitizing the cost procedures?  
Viren Shetty: 
Ah! Okay. So, this was a stray comment made by a judge that ‘Look and see if the 
Clinical Establishments Act has actually been implemented in all the States. Otherwise, 
we will force you to implement the CGHS rate or some rate. Now, if you actually read 
it, it's taken as more of a threat. What has happened since then is that the 
government has spoken to all the stakeholders, all the State Health Ministers and a lot 
of Industry Associations have gotten together and spoken about how it is impractical 
to come up to a common pricing standard as the petitioners, in this case, certain 
Public Health Activists had brought about. It does make sense for a country like India 
for the richest person in the country and the poorest person in the country to pay the 
same price. Then they're both getting…You know, the rich person should pay more for 
the service they're getting and the poor person should pay less. When you go to a 

26 
 
standardized pricing that does not happen and so the observations haven't been 
made. We're trying to work with them to say that the spirit of what they want, which 
is being able to provide different price points, being able to provide more clear and 
transparent billing is something all organized hospitals do. Certain hospitals that are in 
unorganized sector are not able to do it as well but more transparency is required. So, 
we're overall concerned of outside of the larger concern that healthcare is this massive 
societal issue. There is a very large private sector that is catering to it and we need to 
be very cognizant about being able to meet patient needs and expectations at all price 
points. 
 
There's one more question in the chat, are Daycare procedure revenues captured in 
outpatient or inpatient revenues for domestic business?  
Sandhya J: 
Outpatient at the moment. 
Viren Shetty:  
But starting from next year, I think, we should start splitting up Daycare separately, 
which from FY25 Q1 we'll start doing it that way. So, it will give you a much clearer 
picture. 
 
Any other questions? 
Nishant Singh:  
If there are no more questions, Yeah. Gagan, yes. 
Gagan: 
Yeah, Sir. Thanks for the follow up. You indicated occupancy with around 60%. And, 
obviously, it's a blend of higher occupancies in your mainstay hospitals and so on. But 
where is the theoretical limit of occupancy on the current capacity from 60%? 
Viren Shetty: 
Anyway we've seen the highest occupancy in our hospitals hover around 75%-78%. 
But, again, it's pretty much a moving target. The real numbers that we're trying to go 
after is having more people, more inpatients, more outpatients, more Daycare 
procedures for all the square footage of space that we have built up. The occupancy 
itself assumes a stagnant book of business like a hotel. In a hotel, there's only so much 
you can do spending on a per night basis, whereas for us we have a range of services 
that can be provided in our infrastructure.  
Gagan: 
Right. I understand what you're saying, you know. Well, it's sort of difficult for us to 
distill it down to some numerical level, I get what you're trying to say. 

27 
 
 
On margins, I mean, what I can surmise is that in India, you know, as Delhi, 
Dharamshila and Mumbai improve and also you draw further cost efficiencies, there's 
perhaps some scope for margin improvement to a degree. It may be offset by, you 
know, the new hospital in Cayman coming onboard. Therefore, on a blended basis, are 
we looking at a future where you can maintain the exit margins of FY24? Is that 
reasonable to surmise?  
Sandhya J: 
So, in the short term Cayman will be dilutive, Gagan, and I don't think India will be able 
to step up to offset the dilution that will come. But in the medium term, Cayman will 
catch up once the capacity start filling up. So, that is one aspect. 
 
The second aspect is that, as you know, we don't pass on the complete cost inflation 
to price and, therefore, we absorb a lot of our cost inflation within our efficiencies. So, 
therefore, all our efficiency and scale doesn't flow through into margin. Some of it 
goes into offsetting the cost escalations that we see. And we have seen a very high 
impact of inflation across all the lines, whether it is manpower, whether it is 
consumption, capex. So, because of that it's difficult to say that. Even with the benefits 
that we are foreseeing from improved throughput and improved performance of some 
of our non-flagship hospitals, some of them can flow through to the bottom line but a 
lot of it will go to offset the cost increases that we are seeing. So, it will be a mixed bag 
for at least the near term. In the medium term, I think, we'll be able to bring it back.  
Gagan: 
Right. When you say medium term, is it possible to enumerate that? Again, 
broadband.  
Sandhya J: 
18 months to 24 months’ time period.  
Gagan: 
Okay, alright. Yeah, thanks. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Nishant Singh: 
Yes, Parikshit.  
Parikshit: 
Thanks. Thanks for the follow up. You know, I'm really appreciating the management's 
effort to, you know, educate us how it is. Your strategy is about being outpatient and 
delivering more value through that. But my issue is that even with the outpatient 
numbers, if you look on year-on-year for this quarter, you have not grown by much, 
right. That has also been about 6% and 7%. So, question one is that, do you guys have 

28 
 
any way of quantifying your outpatient capacity? If so, that would be lovely to hear. 
And, two, is that why the outpatient hasn't grown more than 6% in that case?  
Viren Shetty: 
Outpatient capacity, so all we can say is that in the space that is dedicated to them, 
they are bottlenecked and there are only so many hours in a day. So, our doctors are 
not able to put in more hours. Now, a simple fact is we need more doctors but we 
need more doctors and they're not all going to sit in the same place because there's 
no space, there's no parking, there's no waiting area, there are not enough billing 
counters there. And, so, we've created an entire new subsidiary around building Clinics 
and Outpatient Centers all over the city starting in Bangalore and then we move to 
Calcutta and all the other places. 
  
So, those are the things we would have to do to increase the outpatient numbers. 
Those are essentially the two things. So, in terms of what is the theoretical maximum 
number of outpatients we can see in any hospital, that would just be a function of 20 
minutes per consultation multiplied by the number of hours in a day patients will keep 
coming. But, again, it's a moving target because we are adding more outpatient 
chambers and more spaces in the existing hospital. So, we are, trying to address this 
both ways by adding Infra as well as doing more efficiencies. 
Sandhya J: 
Just as our annualized revenue growth on outpatient is about 14% and a lot of it is 
Daycare. So, while there are two aspects to the volume, one is the count and another 
is the value of services that we are able to flow through. Because we are 
debottlenecking capacity across, so we are able to move through high value services 
through Daycare and that's also helping us. For example, a lot of procedures we are 
able to do morning-evening and discharge the patient before end of the day. So, that 
also helps us deliver better throughput. 
Parikshit: 
I understand. So, did I hear correctly in terms of your plans to increase your outpatient 
and Daycare capacity was to set up smaller clinics around Bangalore and other 
regions? Did I understand that correctly?  
Viren Shetty: 
Yeah. 

29 
 
Parikshit: 
So, this is not part of your capex plans that we have discussed so far, the 8 lakhs and 
10 lakhs where you're doing massive land acquisition and creating hospitals? This is a 
different plan?  
Viren Shetty: 
This is the entity called as NHIC (Narayana Hrudayalaya Integrated Care). So, the capex 
isn't much. Each clinic is only between 1-2 crores and we're putting about 20-30 clinics 
per year. So, it's not a huge investment.  
Parikshit: 
Got it, alright. Thank you.  
Viren Shetty: 
Back to the questions in the chat. Is there any margin cap on the pharmacy? There 
isn't a margin cap on the medicines. Certain payers, I believe, certain state 
governments, for example, will cap it at the price at which you are able to procure the 
medicine. Most of the medicines are actually capped on the MRP. So, either they come 
under DPCO, that's Drug Price Control or the payer themselves will decide that ‘I will 
pay this fixed amount. It doesn't matter what sort of medicine you use’. So, a margin 
cap system of any consumers or medicine does not exist in India like it does in other 
geographies. 
 
What is the impact we see on the revenue per patient? The DPCO and when every 
time the price capping happens on medicines, the impact is mostly on medical 
admissions. So, these are patients who come into the ICU and get medical care or for 
item like chemotherapy or so on. That definitely does impact on revenue per patient. 
 
The next question is, how do negotiations with the insurance companies change for 
medical packages and non-medical packages? So, insurance companies are obviously 
very hard negotiators. They will negotiate fixed rate packages for knee replacement, 
for a lot of these. But medical packages, it’s very hard to quantify how much on the 
medicine side. So, those are usually paid on actuals whereas surgeries are paid on a 
fixed basis. So, Angioplasty or Knee Replacements are on a fixed rate. 
 
There's a question on the cash accrual in Cayman. Are there plans to bring it back? And 
what is the status of opportunities to deploy cash? I think, we answered this a little 
earlier. Right now, we're trying to find overseas opportunities. In the absence of that, 
we would definitely bring it back to India. But to do so involves a 20% odd hit that we 
would take. So, that would be, I would say, the last possible opportunity. But, 

30 
 
definitely, there are places to deploy in India. There's a lot of opportunity here as well 
as abroad. So, we want to build a diversified revenue base. And, so, that's why we're 
trying so hard to try and find something overseas. 
 
There’s a question on the insurance business. Can you give a roadmap on the 
insurance business in terms of breakeven long term plans of hiring it off as a separate 
arm listing, like etc? I’ll just say, I mean, it’s too early for us to declare on the 
breakeven timeframe. The long term plan is that, yes, it is a separate company by 
design; the insurance company. The IRDA norms say that it has to be listed as a 
separate entity and so on. There’s no time limit per se but it is something that is on the 
eventual roadmap. So, the insurance is something we are very bullish on. We are 
building it to be a very differentiated sort of product and we’ll have a lot more to tell 
you about this in the coming quarters. 
 
Ravi, have we given any projection on how much we spent on the insurance company 
in this quarter?  
Ravi Vishwanath: 
No, we've not. I mean, the main thing is, of course, the IRDA capital of 100 crores 
which has been infused into the company. 
Viren Shetty: 
Yeah. So, you know, we won't be able to give guidance on the cashflow and so on 
because we are yet to start the insurance operations. But it will not be as big as the 
amount that we'd be otherwise spending if we set up 400-500 bed hospitals. So, it's 
quite moderated since we're starting in just one city. Based on the response we get in 
Bangalore and Mysore, then we look to ramp it up. That is a call we will take at a 
future point.  
 
Last question, I guess, on the chat. Any plans on the growth in your ancillary services? 
If my ancillary services, I would guess it means all the subsidiaries that we have. So, 
Samyat is an inhouse distribution now. So, that will mostly be catering to our inhouse 
programs. With our ATHMA and Medha, again, these were set up as inhouse units but 
they're offering services to other hospitals, clinics, nursing homes and so on. But the 
revenue potential there at the short term is very limited. So, it's nothing much to write 
about at this stage. Other than that, NHIC and NHIL are still very nascent businesses 
that we incubating and over time they will start, you know, showing the numbers. But 

31 
 
whatever they've done so far has given us a lot of confidence that this is a business 
worth investing in. 
 
Nishant Singh:                
Yeah. So, I think, we don't have any more questions neither in the chat nor in this 
forum. So, with that, we would like to conclude our session. Thanks everyone for the 
active participation as usual. In case if you have any further questions, please feel free  
to  reach out to us. Thank you.                                  
 
End of Transcript 
 
 
 
