 
May 20, 2024
 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P. J. Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
  
Scrip Code: 543271  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  
Mumbai - 400 051  
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
  
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2024 
  
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call 
for audited standalone and consolidated financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 
2024, held on Tuesday, May 14, 2024.  
  
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below:  
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/files/13q2consfileJubilantIngreviaLimited-
Q4FY24ResultTranscript.pdf 
 
We request you to take the same on record.  
  
Thanking you,  
  
Yours faithfully,  
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
  
 
 
Deepanjali Gulati  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above   
DEEPANJA
LI GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI GULATI 
Date: 2024.05.20 
11:25:34 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
List of Management Attendees 
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director  
3. Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia  
4. Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia Group 
5. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head –  Investor Relations, Jubilant Ingrevia 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Jinal Sheth – Awriga Capital Advisors LLP 
2. Rohit Nagraj – Centrum Broking 
3. Rohan Gupta – Nuvama Securities Limited 
4. Gokul Maheshwari – Awriga Capital Advisors LLP 
5. Pranav Tendulkar – Rare Investments 
6. Neerav J – Anvil Research 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 14, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jubilant Ingrevia Limited Q4 
and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor Relations, 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Taneja. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on our 
Quarter 4 and Financial Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call 
today could be forward-looking in nature, and a detailed disclaimer in this regard 
has been included in the press release and results presentation that has been 
shared on our website. 
 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO 
and Managing Director; Mr. Prakash Chandra Bisht, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia; Mr. 
Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, Jubilant Bhartia Group.  
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on Q4 and financial 
year 2024 earnings conference call of Jubilant Ingrevia limited. We are pleased to 
announce stable business performance for Q4 amidst the continued challenging 
market condition. 
 
We are also glad to share that the Board has recommended a final dividend of 
250% i.e.  Rs 2.5 per equity share of face value of Re 1 each for the FY’24. This 
shall result in cash outflow of Rs 39.8 Crore. During the year company has already 
declared an interim dividend of 250% i.e. Rs. 2.5 per equity share of Rs 1 each and 
the total dividend for FY’24 works out to be 500% i.e Rs 5.0 Per equity share of Rs 
1 each amounting to Rs 79.6 Crore of Cash outflow.  
 
We are pleased to share that during the quarter, we commissioned our 
multipurpose Agro Active & Intermediate Plant at Bharuch facility. This plant 
would strengthen our capacity and capability to produce forward integrated, high 
potential Agro Actives & Intermediates 
 
In addition to that we also commissioned a plant for new Diketene Derivatives in 
Gajraula facility which will further enhance our Diketene product portfolio. 
Commissioning of these plants is in line with our stated strategy of further 
strengthening our Speciality Chemicals product portfolio, through long-term 
contractual arrangements with our customers. 
 
The Agrochemicals sector, which faced dual challenge of overstocking of 
inventories and oversupply from China during the year, is yet to bounce back to 
normalcy, while the excess inventory situation is expected to ease out and 
volumes are likely to move, the prices may still remain under pressure due to 
excess supply of agrochemicals globally. We expect that the sector may still take 
1-2 more quarters to recover fully and get back to normal.  
 
In the Pharmaceutical end-use segment, we witnessed stable demand trends with 
healthy volume placements during the quarter. Early signs of further 
improvement in demand in certain products are signalling near term outlook 
remaining buoyant, with significant pricing recovery yet to take place. 

 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
In Nutrition Segment the demand is steady however prices remained under 
pressure due to excess supplies from China. 
 
With the onset of new financial year FY25, we expect all the three segments to 
improve sequentially over FY24. Our key focus in FY25 will be on customer 
centricity, ramping up the newly commissioned plants, remaining lean and 
bringing back the margins to normal levels. 
 
We are firm and on track towards investing in high-potential product categories 
and expand our product portfolio through our ongoing modular capex plan of Rs 
2000 Cr, to deliver structured growth and drive us towards our newly created 
vision of Pinnacle 345 i.e. 3 times Revenue, 4 times EBIDTA, in 5 years. 
With this, I now handover to Deepak to discuss about the business in detail. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you Mr. Bhartia, a very good evening to all of you.  
At the outset I would like to thank you all for joining us today for Q4 & FY24 
investor call of Jubilant Ingrevia Ltd. Let me now take you through the overall 
business and financial performance along with Key Highlights of the Company for 
the fourth Quarter of FY 2024. 
At an overall level, the previous quarter was yet again a challenging quarter for 
global and Indian chemicals industry, primarily driven by muted demand in key 
end-use segments such as agrochemicals along with persistent pricing pressure 
across the segments.  
Despite the above challenges, we could keep our financial performance largely 
stable vs. previous quarter driven by our continuous customer engagement and 
multiple cost savings initiatives.   
In Speciality Chemicals, we witnessed higher volumes coming from Pyridine 
building blocks and Fine Chemicals including Diketene, wherein CDMO remained 
the key driver for our future growth. 
In Nutrition & Health Solutions, we witnessed higher sales volume coming from 
Niacinamide, wherein pricing remained muted. 

 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
In Chemical Intermediate business segment, Acetic Anhydride volumes were 
stable, while the pricing remained soft on account of lower demand from 
Paracetamol and Agro Chemical end use, in both India and European markets. 
During the quarter, we were also impacted due to higher freight cost led by Red 
Sea Crises, which correspondingly dented our overall margins. With the help of 
our Project Lean initiatives, we successfully kept our costs under control and 
brought our working capital down to 18% of Sales through focused inventory 
optimization and other measures.  
We have also signed an agreement with M/s O2 Renewables for captive 
Renewable Energy sourcing for our Gajraula and Savli facility. We expect the share 
of renewables to increase to 30%+ in next 12-15 months. 
Under our Digital initiatives focused on productivity, yield and energy cost 
optimization through digital ‘Surge’ program, we have completed multiple 
projects to bring efficiency across our manufacturing locations. 
Our committed capex plans stayed on track. During the last quarter we 
commissioned our multipurpose Agro Active & Intermediate Plant at Bharuch 
facility. In addition to that we also commissioned a plant for new Diketene 
Derivatives in Gajraula facility. Our GMP compliant facility for Food & Cosmetic 
grade B3 is expected to be commissioned in Q3’FY25. 
  
Our capex execution track record demonstrates our commitment and strategy to 
structurally expand and shift our business mix towards value-added Specialty 
intermediates. This is also visible in Specialty and Nutrition share of revenue 
continuing its upward traction at 60% in Q4’FY24, compared to 54% in Q3’FY24  
We are also under process of devising our further expansion plans for coming 
years in light of numerous opportunities where we are seeing increased and 
accelerated traction from our customers.  
Now let me take you through the updates on all our three business segments 
individually. 

 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Specialty Chemicals: During the quarter, the Specialty chemicals segment grew by 
30% QoQ and also saw marginal growth vs. last year. We witnessed continued 
improvement in demand from Pharma end-use segment, wherein volumes 
remained strong, and prices are yet to recover. Whereas, in Agrochemical End-use 
segment destocking phenomenon is expected to be at a fag end, however we are 
witnessing volumes growing gradually. Agrochemical oversupply from China is still 
a concern, which is keeping the prices muted. 
Driven by Fine Chemicals & CDMO, demand from North American and Europe 
region grew during the quarter, while Domestic market was relatively soft. 
Our Di-ketene plant is currently operating at 60-70% utilisation, wherein we 
witnessed sizable volume traction during the quarter. 
In CDMO, we continue to have a high visibility on future growth pipeline. We are 
in advanced stages of discussions to close a few long-term contracts across agro 
and pharma sectors. We also continue to see new inquiries in semi-conductors 
and electronics chemicals too. 
Our Microbial Control Solutions Business is witnessing good momentum through 
new products launch in Pyrithiones platform. This will support accelerated growth 
going forward. 
As mentioned earlier, during the quarter we also commissioned our Multi-purpose 
Agro Actives & Intermediate plant in Bharuch and Diketene Derivatives plant in 
Gajraula. 
Now moving on to our Nutrition & Health Solution Business Segment, during the 
quarter, the Nutrition business grew both on QoQ and YoY basis, largely driven by 
higher volumes. Vitamin demand remained stable, though competitive pressure 
was witnessed across the product range. 
Our view is that customers seems to be in buying mode now, but unwilling to 
accept higher pricing. Despite that, we could increase our global market share in 
B3 in FY24. 

 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
We also launched new products range in the segment, with introduction of Liquid 
Choline Chloride and Choline Bitartrate. 
We also witnessed volume for Food & Cosmetics grade registering significant 
growth in Q4’FY24 sequentially and in FY24.   
I would also like to share that our GMP compliant facility for Food & Cosmetic 
grade Niacinamide is expected to be commissioned in Q3’FY25, for which we have 
also started receiving good traction towards volumes booking. The decline in 
segmental EBITDA was warranted mainly due to benign pricing led by Chinese 
competition.   
Now let me throw some light on our Chemical Intermediates Business segment. 
Revenue for the Quarter and the Year were impacted on account of lower prices 
of Acetic Anhydride, which were primarily driven by lower demand from end use 
industries and lower price of underlying key raw material Acetic Acid. 
 
During the year, continued lower utilizations in downstream industries including 
Agrochemicals and Paracetamol constrained further volumes pickup in the 
segment. 
During the quarter, the Red-Sea challenge also resulted in overall increase in 
ocean Freight, which impacted our sales and margins during the quarter. We 
continued to maintain our dominant market share for the Acetic Anhydride in 
domestic markets, while increased our share in the European market. 
We also implemented world class digital initiatives at our global manufacturing 
facilities to improve our operational efficiencies in the business segment. 
During the quarter gone by, we received +99% Biogenic Content Rating for Green 
Acetic Acid, this achievement would enable us push our sales with global food 
giants.  
Now let us discuss the overall Financials of the company: 
The overall revenue during the quarter stood at Rs 1,074 Cr, as against Rs 966 Cr 
in Q3’FY’24, the revenue was higher mainly due to higher volumes coming from 

 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition Segments. The revenue for FY 24 was Rs 4,136 
Cr against a revenue of Rs. 4,773 Cr in FY 23 
The EBITDA for the Quarter stood at Rs 101 Cr, as against Rs 104 Cr in Q3’FY24. 
EBIDTA was almost flat mainly on account of benign pricing in Nutrition segment 
led by Chinese competition and also lower realization in Acetic Anhydride. The 
EBIDTA for FY 24 was Rs 456 Cr against an EBITDA of Rs. 580 Cr in FY 23. 
The capital expenditure incurred during the Quarter was Rs. 143 Cr and for the FY 
2024 it was Rs 572 Cr. We expect to spend the remaining approx. one third of 
announced capex of Rs 2,000 Cr in FY25, which will mainly be incurred towards 
Food and Cosmetic Grade Niacinamide plant, New food grade choline (CC CBT) 
plant, expansion of GMP facilities  
The Net Debt of the company as on 31st March, 2024 was Rs. 653 Cr and Net Debt 
to EBITDA ratio was at 1.43 times. The Increase of Rs 341 Cr in Net Debt during 
the FY 24 is led by Rs 572 Cr of Capex. Despite high capex we restricted 
borrowings and actually decreased the Net Debt by Rs 48 Cr during the second 
Half of Financial Year through focussed working capital optimization led by active 
management of Inventories and other measures driven by Lean initiatives. Net 
Working Capital ‘Percentage to Turnover’ for Q4 FY’24 was sequentially lower at 
18%.  
During the quarter, we opted to move to the new tax regime from FY24 onwards 
whereby the applicable statutory tax rate shall only be 25.17% as against the 
statutory tax rate of 34.94% in the old tax regime. However, the tax expense for 
the quarter and year includes a onetime transitional write-off of opening brought 
forward MAT credit amounting to Rs. 12.56 crores.  The expected ETR from FY 25 
onward will be in the range of 25-26% 
The PAT for quarter was Rs 29 Cr (after adjusting for MAT credit write off), as 
against Rs 39 Cr in Q3’FY’24, While the PAT for FY 24 was Rs 183 Cr against a PAT 
of Rs. 308 Cr in FY 23. 
As we move forward, I would also like to share an update on a few strategic 
Initiatives undertaken in recent times: 

 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
As I mentioned in the previous quarter, the leadership team of Jubilant Ingrevia 
has designed a bold 5-year growth strategy. We have set out a new Growth 
Roadmap for ourselves called Pinnacle 345 – i.e. 3x revenue growth, 4x EBITDA 
growth in next 5 years.  
Over the last few months, we did a bottom-up assessment of each of our 
businesses and product platforms and crafted a detailed strategy for each 
business.  
The Pinnacle 345 growth roadmap is deeply rooted in our core strengths, i.e. 
Customer centricity, world-class operations, Innovation, ESG leadership and 
People focus.  
It also leverages the opportunity that is coming to Indian chemical industry on the 
back of 5 mega trends, namely, supply chain diversification, domestic demand 
scale up, value added products acceleration, digitization and ESG focus. You can 
find more details on Pinnacle 345 and our BU wise priorities in our Investor 
presentation.  
We have already started the execution of this strategy across our BUs and have 
also created a Program Management Office to ensure a rigorous tracking 
mechanism.   
Over the coming quarters, we will continue to share more updates on Pinnacle 
345, and hopefully you will also start to see its impact on various aspects of our 
business, including new customer partnerships, new capex and several other new 
initiatives.  
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We will now be happy to 
address any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Jinal Sheth from Awriga Capital Advisors 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Thank you for the elaborative and detailed inputs of the business. Just wanted to 
catch a point that obviously, the new capacity has come on stream. And what you 

 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
also mentioned is that we're currently operating at 60%, 70% utilization. Just 
wanted your thoughts on the fact that currently our demand environment is a bit 
uncertain. So, is this something that comes from our customer base that we've 
kind of expanded to that extent? Some thoughts out there would be useful. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Jinal, you're absolutely right. As we spoke in the previous calls as well, we 
have invested heavily in the last 2 years and created new capacity in our 
businesses such as diketene, acetic anhydride, agrochemicals, etc. And because 
these are new product lines, except for acetic anhydride, which we have been 
doing for almost 4 decades, in most of these situations, we have found new 
customers, we are selling these products to. And across these plants, the capacity 
utilization is already touching almost 60% plus even in this environment. And as I 
mentioned in my opening remarks, as we get more volume traction, we are seeing 
that capacity utilization is only increasing month-on-month and quarter-on-
quarter. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay. And secondly, is it true that the inventory correction, are we seeing that in 
China as well, where capacities are probably going off? Any comments on that? 
Deepak Jain: 
Those are two different points, Jinal, from the destocking perspective, as I 
mentioned in the past and even today, and we are seeing that in our business as 
well as hearing it from all our customers. The destocking seems to be at the far 
end after last 18 full months. From a supply perspective, China, of course, at least 
in agrochemicals from whatever we understand, has created a lot of capacity, and 
we still think there is excess capacity there. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay. Just lastly, a connected question to the first question that I raised was that 
in regards to the capacity expansion that, would that kind of lead to say 
suboptimal returns given the demand environment and obviously considered the 
way to put it is the pricing is not optimal at this stage. Is that a fair way to see 
that? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I think, Jinal, for the areas where we have put up capacity, most of those are, 
number one, specialty areas, high-margin products. Number two, these are 
products, if you look at our business mix, only 20%, 25% of our business is linked 

 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
to agrochemicals, remaining 70%, 75% business is in pharma, in cosmetics, in 
nutrition. We are getting good volume traction as the numbers also tell, if you 
look at our business by BUs. The volumes which are coming from there are 
helping us improve the capacity utilization. Of course, there is a pricing pressure in 
some product lines, but I don't think that will change our overall return profile if 
you look at it from a multi-year perspective. Of course, a few quarters, pressure 
will remain. But at least from the overall recovery value as well as returns from 
those assets where we have invested we still stay bullish, and we think the NPV or 
the IRR of these products on a multiyear basis will be at par with what we had 
projected. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
One question in terms of the different segments and product lines that we have. 
So, what has been the competitive scenario from China? Because as you had also 
mentioned in your opening remarks that there has been a competition. So, which 
are all areas where we are seeing that the competition is coming. And which and 
all area where we still have a pricing power once the normalcy returns from the 
inventory destocking and the other global phenomena, which are affecting the 
business? Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Rohit, I'll just add to what I said in response to Jinal's question, most of the 
pressure is in the Agrochemical segment. Obviously, there is competition in 
Nutrition and Pharma segments as well from China, but the level of pressure there 
is not as acute as it is in Agrochemicals. Just as an example, in some of the 
Agrochemical product lines, not just for us, but if you track the import data, the 
broader decline in pricing has been up to the 30%, 40%, 50% also. 
 
While if I take example of vitamin B3, which is one of our core products in the 
Nutrition segment, the pricing has been flat for the last five or six months and 
there is only a marginal decline versus what it was previous to that. So the 
amount of pressure vary significantly by segment, as you rightly pointed out. It's 
more acute in Agrochemical. Nutrition and Pharma are largely stable. 

 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Having said that, China plus one strategy with large companies still valid. And we 
are seeing some inquiries in the agrochemical intermediates, which are China plus 
one strategy. And as Deepak said that in the coming quarter, we are going to 
conclude a large contract for Agrochemical intermediates. This is just related to 
China plus one strategy. And a lot of inquiries still coming in. But since the China 
prices are so low, so people are trying to defer the inquiries, but this inquiry is 
very strong, and we are able to conclude this business, which is a large business. 
And secondly, we are receiving inquiries for Agrochemical sector, but people are 
trying to defer those, the strategy after discussing with large agrochemical 
company still remains still very active, that China plus one. But China being at such 
low prices, this is a wrong time to shift from China to India. But of course, that 
strategy as in the next three, four quarters, the China prices are going to go up, 
then definitely, this strategy will come back in action again. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. And just to add to Chairman, I think as for everyone is satisfied, because I'm 
sure that question will come. Most of the discussions we are having with our 
customers, be it agro, pharma or even let's say, cosmetic space, particularly for 
the CDMO business, the customers are speaking to us despite whatever is 
happening to pricing and competition from China with a long-term view. 
 
And in many cases, they are helping us working with our R&D team to optimize 
the cost structure to ensure that we collectively are able to take on the 
competition on pricing and then optimize our cost accordingly. So, couple of 
contracts that Chairman talked about are in line and with that kind of 
arrangement with the customers. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. That's helpful in terms of collaborate answer. Just to put it slightly 
differently. Out of the entire business, how much of the business is, mean how 
much of businesses prices are governed by China or dictated by China, given that 
there are incremental capacities which have come up or which are coming up in 
China, will still have pricing pressure on those set of products or segments that we 
have. 

 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Rohit, I don't have the precise number, but again, I will go back to what I was 
saying earlier and talk sector by sector, and then we publish that information in 
our investor presentation also. Agrochemicals is roughly 20%, 25% of our 
business. Obviously, there is a huge pressure there from China. Pharma is roughly 
30% of our business. The relative impact of China pricing is less there. And 
especially in our chemistries, be diketene, pyridine or some of the other products, 
we are able to command pricing. 
 
If I take nutrition, as an example, vitamin B3, we are world number 2, and we and 
China are more or less at par. So, any one of us can disturb the price or any one of 
us can command premium as well. Right now, it's a deadlock where we are at a 
flat price, as I said, for the last six months or so. So, the answer very significantly, 
it's not a zero sum game that these are the products where China price does not 
impact, these are the prices where it can impact. It varies significantly. There is 
obviously some impact when there is a competition from China, but the level of 
impact and implication of that are very different by segment. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
In niacinamide also, having said that, there is more competition in the animal 
sector. Whereas in human and food sector, there is less competition, and we still 
get a price premium in that sector. And as Deepak mentioned about it that is why 
we have set up this new plant where we can supply for cosmetic and for food and 
for sectors where the people are sceptical of importing products from China and 
China does it offer such high-quality material. So therefore, we command a 
premium there. 
 
Recently, also, in the food sector where we are from our existing niacinamide 
plant, we get a premium from what we supply to animal sectors. The main 
competition is in the animal sector, at which, of course, we being the lowest cost 
producer, we have an advantage. Of course, we cannot charge the premium 
pricing, only thing in the animal sector, but the food sector is still we get a 
premium price. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sure. That's really helpful. And thanks for the elaborate description. Sir, 
second question is, given the current environment and overall scenario, are we 
planning to defer any of our capexs? Or we will still continue to be doing the 

 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
capexs or probably we will try to optimize certain capexs. Any views on that? 
Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
No, Rohit, discussion had come up in the last two calls also, the answer remains 
the same. We are on track to do the capexs that we planned. Just as a reminder, 
two, 2.5 years back, we had announced a Rs. 2,000 crores capex. Of that Rs. 1,400 
crores has already been committed in the last two or three fiscal years. And 
remaining Rs. 600 crores of the original plan will happen in this fiscal year. In fact, 
on the back of some of the long-term arrangements that we are seeking to a few 
big customers, we may even need to up that number once we have signed a 
contract with them. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, first question is on your newly coined vision on Pinnacle 345. If you can sort of 
elaborate a little bit more on that making an initial target of 4x EBITDA. Just 
wanted to get some more clarity how we plan to achieve that? Which is the 
segment you're going to drive? And more importantly, this 4x EBITDA, we are 
talking about on a FY '24 base of EBITDA. Correct me if I'm wrong on that and 
further elaboration on that? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, Rohan, we have given at least some details in the results presentation 
also. I can keep talking about Pinnacle 345 because that's what we have been 
living and breathing over the last several months. But just a few things, top of 
mind, I would say, number one, this is a bold vision and ambitious vision as you 
rightly called it. That has been co-created by the whole leadership team of 
Jubilant Ingrevia, we created in December. I think I had briefly talked about it in 
January call as well. It was originally created in a top-down manner, but 
subsequent to that, in the month of December and January, the whole leadership 
team spent a lot of time in working out the bottom-up plans by the use for each 
element of Pinnacle 345, which you could hopefully see in one of the slides we 
have put in our results presentation. 
 
Obviously, that slide also is a 30,000 feet level. There are nth level of details in 
terms of what products, what market share, what cost structure against which 

 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
competition, which geographies, which customers and how. So, all of that has 
been worked out BU by BU, which we discussed, debated that there in January 
and closed in February with our final presentation to the board. 
 
So that strategy we firmly believe in, we think it is achievable. It is bold, but I don't 
think it is super bold because if you look at history, there are several companies 
within chemical sectors also who have been able to achieve those kind of targets 
within a 5 year time frame. 
 
Secondly, we have some fundamental strengths in our business in terms of the  
35-plus chemistries we do, the 7 or 8 product platforms we have, starting from, 
let's say, our traditional platforms like pyridine but also newer ones like Diketene, 
pyrithione, Piroctone and many others. 
 
So, we have mapped out the specific opportunities, customers, geographies, 
which fall at the intersection of these product platforms and chemistries. And in a 
bottom-up manner, we have created this strategy. So, the level of confidence in 
achieving it is very high.  
Number three, a lot of capex investments related to these products and 
chemistries has already happened as I was just explaining response to Rohit's 
questions. We have created capacity worth Rs. 1,400 crores of capex. That 
capacity now is coming on stream as I just said, it's getting filled very quickly. So 
many of the product lines, which are part of our strategy can be produced in this 
capacity. So, we have ready capacity, and that's why many of the customers are 
switching to us for long-term contractual arrangements across Agro, pharma, 
nutrition, and cosmetic sector. 
 
Fourth and last thing I would say is there's a detailed initiatives plan that has been 
created behind this strategy. There are 50-plus initiatives falling across different 
BU’s and different functions. Each BU head and functional head is driving that 
initiative with his or her team. And I am directly championing it and my office is 
doing the program management of that. So, we are taking a very rigorous 
approach to managing that whole process as well so that we stay on track. 
Obviously, the only unknown factor is how quickly the markets turn around, which 

 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
is where our Chairman was also saying the hope is in the next 1 or 2 quarters, 
things will start to come back. 
 
From a demand perspective, we are already seeing volumes going up. If you look 
at our Specialty Chemical business and Nutrition business, the volumes have come 
back quite handsomely. Specialty Chemical, in fact, 30% up. Nutrition 10% up 
versus the previous quarter. 
 
The price is what we are hopeful that in next 1 or 2 quarters once China becomes 
less desperate, we will also start to see some uptick there. And hence, we will be 
on track to deliver on this bold strategy. Hopefully, there's a lot more we can talk 
about Pinnacle 345. Rohan, I am just restricting to 3, 4 main highlights right now. 
Let me know if you have any other questions. 
Rohan Gupta: 
No, that's helpful. Sir, in the current quarter on a Spec Chem business, the 
business has witnessed growth on Q-on-Q basis. This is something like EBITDA 
margins, which is still quite low at roughly 14% despite such a strong growth on  
Q-on-Q basis by roughly 30%. If you can on a full year basis, if you can give some 
broader number of getting into granularity, but roughly out of close to Rs. 1,600 
crores kind of specialty chemical revenues. If you can break it down a little bit in 
the CDMO and how much comes from the Ketene and in next year, what kind of 
revenue target we are targeting from the Diketene and CDMO? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, since we don't disclose the numbers at individual product platforms or growth 
units’ level, I wouldn't be able to give that Rohan but what I can tell you is, 
number one, obviously, the volumes have grown at 30%. The pricing, of course, 
there is pressure even versus the last quarter, the prices came down for some of 
the product lines. And hence, the margins have not seen an uptick. It is hovering 
at 14%, 15% level. We believe that our Specialty Chemical business even today, 
based on the today's product mix, is a business that should give at least 17%, 18% 
EBITDA margin in steady state. So, there's an erosion of 3%, 4% points versus what 
the steady margin in today's mix should be largely driven by the fact that prices 
are subdued or muted. 

 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
 
Now if I fast forward into future strategy, then we are going to have higher share 
of some of the high product lines we have added, the Diketene derivatives, some 
of the pyridine derivatives, some intermediates on the agrochemical side, the new 
products from CDMO, etcetera. That 18% plus steady-state margin will surely be 
north of 20% plus margin in the next couple of years. And that's how we have 
created all our business cases for the new capex we have made. So that's our 
aspiration. Within that, the Rs. 1,600 crores revenue number that you talked 
about, I think we expect our Specialty Chemical business as part of this Pinnacle 
345 strategy also. 
 
Our Specialty Chemical business should become at least three, three and a half 
times in next three years. At an overall portfolio level, it should be at least 60% of 
the overall business. And within that, bulk of the growth will come from CDMO, 
from our fine chemical business, which is where we have our pyridine and 
Diketene derivatives and from our Microbial Solutions business. 
 
And just one more addition, the CDMO business that I'm talking about, as we 
discussed in the previous calls also, I'm talking about CDMO related to 
agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals and hopefully, semiconductors as well where we 
have started to see some initial traction in the last few months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital 
Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to know, in terms of your capex plan 
of Rs. 2,000 crores, you mentioned about Rs. 600 crores, Rs. 700 crores to be 
spent in FY '25. Could you sort of give a broader indication of what beyond that, 
I'm not talking of numbers, but more in terms of the projects, which you would 
want to take once this capex experiment is being done? 
Deepak Jain: 
Gokul, your voice was slightly muffled, but if I understood the question correctly, 
you're talking about the FY '25 Rs. 600 crores, what kind of capex you are taking? 
Is that the question? 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Yes. So, your Rs. 2,000 crores of capex plan from FY '22 to '25, I believe Rs. 600 
crores, Rs. 700 crores would be spent in FY '25, but what would be the spends or 

 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
projects which you would take beyond FY '25, if you could give some color on it 
and if you could even quantify, that would to be great. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So first, in this Rs. 600 crores, Rs. 700 crores that we plan to do in this fiscal 
year, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, there are a few opportunities which 
we have more or less decided but we are yet to do the capex approval, let's say, I 
talked about the CC/CBT, the food grade human nutrition product. We have the 
niacinamide product, which is coming up in September. There will be some capex 
related to that. We have a plan for GMP-3 for our CDMO business. 
 
So those are some of the areas that we are planning for this year. And beyond 
that, there are certain opportunities in horizon. Obviously, the concrete plans 
have to be created. For instance, this long-term contract we are negotiating with 
our Agrochemical customers we will need expansion of current capacity. There 
will be some capex going there. We have plans for our diketene next phase of 
derivatives. We have done 2 phases. We have Phase 3 and Phase 4. We have a 
couple of products in Microbial segments where we are evaluating GMP grade 
plants. 
 
Then on the microbial side, also, we have a new platform coming up sorry, for the 
human nutrition also, we have some premixes for which we are expanding the 
capacity or we are planning to expand the capacity. So just stepping back, if you 
look at the priorities for our different BUs in the investor presentation, all the new 
capex, be FY 2025 or beyond will be aligned to that strategy and those priorities. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Given the number of initiatives, so beyond '25 also your capex range could be 
around Rs. 400 crores, Rs. 500 crores per annum? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So obviously, this original Rs. 2,000 crores announced takes us to, let's say, 
the end of FY '25 in terms of capex deployment. And we feel the full potential 
coming from that Rs. 2,000 crores of investment plus our existing business is, let's 
say, taking us close to Rs. 8,000 crores odd in terms of top line. 
 
For the 3x growth in revenue from today's baseline, we will obviously need more 
capex, at least another Rs. 1,500 crores to Rs. 2,000 crores based on some broad 

 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
estimates. Of course, the details have to be worked out and that will translate to 
at least Rs. 500 crores, Rs. 600 crores every year from now onwards. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And lastly, on the margins front, you are investing more on the specialty, and 
you've mentioned in the past that the mix of this specialty would be becoming 
60%, 70% versus the current 40%, 50% or so. With that mix coming in, what would 
be your steady-state margins? I'm not talking for the next 12 months, but more 
from a 3- to 4-year perspective. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, we have worked that out. So one correction it's not mainly, it's only. So 
whatever investments we are making, we are going to make only in specialty 
chemicals or specialty nutrition products like CC/CBT. For each of those capex, our 
internal criteria is at least 20% plus of EBITDA margin and 20% plus of ROCE, 
otherwise, we are not approving those capex. In fact, we are not even 
recommending that to the Board. 
 
Now if you take all of that into account plus whatever we have invested in the last 
2 years, our view is at the overall portfolio level, our margin, as I was saying in the 
beginning, steady-state margin should surely be north of 20% plus. Specialty will 
be higher. Obviously, we have an acetal business, which remains volatile. 
Nutrition should be at least 15% plus. So, at the overall company level, we are 
quite confident that if we execute this strategy successfully, we should be north of 
20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav Tendulkar from Rare 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Sir, in terms of the semiconductor product that you are planning to manufacture, 
is it for export or Indian, that is one? And is it for that wafer manufacturing level? 
Or is it related to cleaning and blasting, et cetera? And what is the market 
opportunity in similar products? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Pranav, these are, as I think I mentioned on the previous investor call also, 
most of these inquiries are coming to our CDMO business, which means by nature 
of our CDMO business, these are initial leads where customers are testing waters 
and giving us volumes in kg to see whether the product quality is in line with their 

 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
expectations. Most of these are international customers. I had mentioned, I think, 
in the January call that till that time, we had gotten 3, 4 leads. Now we have 
another half a dozen. We are evaluating internally, which ones are aligned with 
our chemistry strength, which ones are not. But most of these are coming to 
CDMO business. And right now, the focus is to make the product in line with 
customers' expectations and then send the samples. And once the samples are 
approved then we get initial volumes with them. And obviously, given that 
semiconductor segment globally is growing very fast, the hope is once we are in, 
then the volumes will grow very fast. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Yes. But having said that, I would like to further add that any large contract on 
CDMO and specific investments if we have to make, we'll be doing basically on the 
basis of take-or-pay. Otherwise, we will not be investing. 
 
All volume business on our existing multipurpose facility that's a separate thing. 
But any specific investment if you make, any specific large investment which 
Deepak was talking about, if the contract materializes, then we will be doing on 
the basis of take-or-pay because that we'd not like to risk our investments on the 
basis of any contracts which are not take-or-pay. 
Deepak Jain: 
And on the semiconductor side, which is where your question specifically was, 
Pranav, there, obviously, the volumes are small currently. So, we have 
multipurpose plants, whatever inquiries we have gotten so far and which we are 
responding to, we feel comfortable and confident that we can do those products 
in our multipurpose facilities, which we have in the CDMO business. Obviously, 
the big contracts on the agro side and some of them may be on the pharma side 
also. There the arrangement is very different which is, in some cases, we may 
need new facilities which are dedicated and hence, the Chairman's point that it 
would be take-or-pay contracts. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Right. Also, you commissioned 2 plants, one is that diketene derivatives and I 
think the cosmetic grade chemical product and you were also going to 
commission one more plant in in the next quarter. I missed the nature of the plant 
that will be commissioned Can you just elaborate what is that? 

 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Pranav, your voice was breaking, but let me, I think just factually correct you. We 
have commissioned 3 plants in last 4 months. In December, we commissioned a 
small Agro intermediates plant in Bharuch. In January, we commissioned a bigger 
Agro intermediates and access plant again in Bharuch. And in February, March, we 
commissioned a diketene derivative plant, which can do 2 products. So, these are 
the 3 plants, which have come up in the last 4 months, all aligned with our long-
term strategy. 
 
The Agro intermediates plants, both the plants are targeted towards doing 
CDMO/CMO 
arrangements 
with 
our 
innovator 
customers 
globally 
in 
agrochemicals. In fact, from the bigger plant, we shipped first CMO contractual 
order in the month of February already. And as Chairman also said in the 
beginning, we are in discussions with several agrochemical customers to commit 
that capacity to a couple of them. 
 
The diketene plant, the products coming out of that are advanced intermediates 
high-margin products, which go into pharma, paints and cosmetics segments. And 
there, we are already getting a lot of traction, and that capacity, we are already 
getting good traction to fill up that capacity hopefully in the next couple of 
quarters itself. In fact, we are already thinking about how to debottleneck or 
expand that capacity. 
 
The plant, which is going to come up in the next few months is cosmetic grade 
Niacinamide and food grade Niacinamide plant, which is attractive to get 
commissioned in the month of September this year and that will be targeting the 
high-grade, high-margin vitamin B3 segments in the cosmetics and food 
applications. 
Pranav Tendulkar: 
Got it. Sir, last question from my side. So, with current added capacity in last 12 
months, what is the revenue potential at current prices of product. So, we are 
operating at 60%, but obviously, the products that will come in the new plants are 
much better. So, what is the revenue potential with the current prevailing prices? 
Deepak Jain: 
I think I already gave the answer Pranav, earlier. We are at Rs. 4,000 crores,  
Rs. 4,500 crores today. And I said on the back of the capacity that we have put up 

 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
in the last 2 years and what we'll be putting up in this year, we have full potential 
road map or visibility to at least Rs. 8,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Neerav J from Anvil Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Neerav J: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. I have two questions. So, one is on the diketene 
part. Sir, since you have commissioned the derivatives plant and plant is getting 
ramped up, what sort of value addition in terms of per kg or percentage 
realizations we can see over and above the base diketene. And along with if you 
can just quantify the market of diketene and diketene derivatives in India. 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I can't answer with precise numbers on the first one, but Neerav as you might 
already know from our previous calls, diketene is an unstable molecule, so it 
cannot be sold as a stand-alone molecule. So, whatever you sell in the market is 
on the back of value addition. 
 
And typically, now we have at least 5 products in our portfolio, which are 
derivatives of diketene. These are at least one or two steps ahead of diketene and 
now we are gradually adding more advanced stage derivatives in the diketene 
portfolio, which will come up in Phase 3 and Phase 4, as I mentioned earlier. Sorry, 
what was your second question? 
Neerav J: 
The markets for diketene and diketene derivatives in India? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, I think overall, if you remember, the total market in India at least is 30,000 
tons of diketene derivatives. One of our competitors is already active there with 
about 40%, 50% share of that. Rest was enforced until a couple of years back. We 
have already taken significant share of rest of the market. And the bigger 
opportunity, by the way, in diketene derivatives is the exports. Because like our 
other core products, be it pyridine, anhydride or B3, we are probably number 1 or 
number 2 and the lowest cost producer. Our aspiration in diketene derivatives is 
also to be among the top 3 global players having a very competitive cost structure 
on the back of the plant that we have created, which has happened on the back of 
our own process engineering. So, we are very confident that as we scale up our 
diketene capacity and add more derivatives in Phase 3 and Phase 4 of diketene, 

 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
we will not be able to take significant share of Indian market, but also of the 
global market. 
Neerav J: 
Just to understand in slightly qualitatively, let's say, every step of value addition of 
diketene derivatives - let's say, you mentioned that we are now at 1 or 2 steps 
further, would be further value additions will happen in Phase 2, Phase 3. What 
sort of percentage benefits we start getting on over and above the base diketene. 
Could it be 10%, 15%? Some understanding of some ranging that would be 
helpful, sir. 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I wish Neerav the world of chemicals was working that simply. Obviously, 
depending on how complex the reaction is -- what are the other chemicals which 
are getting added in each reaction, the quantum of value addition on each step 
will vary significantly. 
 
In fact, oftentimes, we - in recent years, we have encountered situations where if 
we go too far out in the value chain, the margin profile actually drops because 
then you are sourcing something which is cheaply available from China or 
elsewhere and hence, you get margin only for that one step, even if you are fully 
integrated. So, all kinds of permutations and combinations are feasible here. 
 
And hence even though diketene has, let's say, at least 30, 40 different 
derivatives, which we have mapped out. We are not trying to make each and 
every one of them. For every derivative, we have done so far, we have picked up 
and what we have planned for Phase 3 and Phase 4, we are doing a thorough 
assessment of what is the product, which applications it is going into, what is the 
level of complexity and value addition. And hence, what kind of margin profile we 
can get, and if it is not giving us at least 20% EBITDA margins, then we are not 
prioritizing it. 
 
So, if there was value addition on every chemical, then we would have added like 
50 derivatives by now, but that's not the case. So, you have to pick and choose 
based on several factors, which is what we are doing as we pick up next phase of 
diketene derivative. And the same principle that applies for any value chain, I just 
took example of diketene because we were talking about it. 

 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Neerav J: 
Got it. The second question is on the MPP part. So, one we commissioned last 
quarter, the bigger one, which is like 4x of the size, we commissioned in this 
quarter. So, let's say, once the MPP starts ramping up, what sort of asset turnover 
we should work with once it is fully ramped up? And generally, how much time it 
takes to ramp it up fully to realize its full potential? 
Deepak Jain: 
So typically, for our Specialty Chemical business and MPPs fall in Specialty 
Chemicals, the asset turnover is about 1.5-1.6x. And then that - where I think most 
of the capex projects we have taken, we built out the peak revenue potential of 
those product lines, which we plan to do in MPPs, all that adds up to 1.5x plus. 
 
Secondly, our experience has been in normal markets after the plant has been 
commissioned it takes at least 12 if not 18 months to get to 70%, 80% utilization 
level, which is what has happened with our Phase 1 diketene products, which, as I 
said, are running at 70%. It's, in fact, slightly delayed, I would say because of the 
soft market. But the Phase 2 products which have come up in February, for 
instance, we are hoping in the next 12 months, it will hit 70%, 80%. 
Neerav J: 
Got it, sir. And just a last clarification. So does this MPPs used our pyridine 
chemistry as a starting material, which gives us a first more advantage in terms of 
the other suppliers with the same product to the same set of customers. How do 
you justify that? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Neerav, by definition, MPP can do multiple products. It doesn't have to be of 
redeem based chemistry products. In fact, most of our MPPs will be doing 
pyridine derivatives, diketene derivatives and even products outside of these 2 
product platforms. 
Neerav J: 
Got it. Sir, in and all, how many MPPs do we have now after the commissioning of 
the last one? 
Deepak Jain: 
We have 7 fine chemical plants, MPPs. We have 2 GMPs in Bharuch. And we are in 
the process of putting up more MPPs, as I mentioned earlier. And in 
agrochemicals, sorry, I forgot to mention the 2 plants, agrochemical plants we 
have set up recently are MPPs as well. 

 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you all for joining on this call today. We hope we have been able to answer 
your queries. For further clarification, I would request you to contact me. And 
thank you, once again, for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
