 
 
 
 
 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on May 17, 2024 pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q4 FY24 post results earnings call held on May 17, 2024. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
DHAVAL N. SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA 
SONI 
Date: 2024.05.23 
15:23:22 +05'30'

 
1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q4 FY24  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. NITIN PAREKH - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS 
LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, MD OFFICE, ZYDUS 
 
  LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 

 
2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. Please note that all participants’ line will be in 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the opening remarks. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ganesh Nayak, Executive Director of Zydus Lifesciences. Thank 
you and over to you, Sir. 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our post results 
teleconference for the fourth quarter and the financial year ended 
March 31, 2024. For today’s call, we have with us Dr. Sharvil Patel 
- Managing Director, Mr. Nitin Parekh - Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Arvind Bothra - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Mr. 
Alok Garg - Senior Vice President from the Managing Director's 
office. 
 
To begin with, let me give you an overview of the performance for 
the year. During the fiscal 2024, all our key businesses 
demonstrated strong performance through the year. Overall, we 
delivered a healthy double-digit growth during the year in-line 
with our expectations along with improved profitability. I am 
happy to inform you that we achieved the highest ever operating 
profit and margins during the year. Our branded formulations 
business in India grew faster than the market and registered 
double-digit growth during the year aided by healthy volume 
growth and new product launches. 
On the Consumer Wellness front, the FMCG sector witnessed 
gradual improvement in demand during the quarter with an uptick 
in demand also in rural India. Most of our portfolio has seen 
demand recovery which was further fuelled by the demand of 
summer led brands like Glucon-D and Nycil in anticipation of a 
good summer. 
We achieved an important milestone in our US formulations 
business during the year. Revenues of the business crossed US$ 1 
billion for the first time on the back of strong, double digit growth. 
The base business achieved sequential growth every quarter 
through the year on the back of volume expansion and new 
product introductions. 
International markets business, which comprises of Emerging 
markets and Europe, also delivered double digit growth with all 
key markets contributing to growth during the year. 
In order to stay competitive and serve our customers in a cost- 
efficient manner, we continuously analyse the spend base and 

 
3 of 23 
 
identify and implement various ideas across functions to improve 
efficiencies in our operations. We could improve our profitability 
in the range of 50-70 basis points in the past on account of such 
initiatives and we expect similar improvement going forward as 
well.  
On the back of our diversified portfolio of products and focused 
execution efforts, we expect all our businesses to sustain healthy 
growth. 
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the 
year gone by. We recorded consolidated revenues of 195.5 billion 
rupees, up 13% on a year-on-year basis. The business delivered 
robust operating performance with an EBITDA margin of 27.5%, 
which is an improvement of 510 basis points over the previous 
year. Consequently, the consolidated EBITDA for the year grew by 
40% to 53.8 billion rupees. Net Profit for the year stood at 38.6 
billion rupees, up 97%. Our balance sheet strengthened further 
with a net cash position of 8.6 billion rupees as at 31st March 2024 
against the net cash of 5.5 billion rupees as at 31st March 2023. 
Coming to our quarterly performance. we ended the fiscal 2024 
with a robust performance. Revenue stood at 55.3 billion rupees 
during the quarter, up 10% on a year-on-year and 23% on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. We registered the highest ever 
operating profitability during the quarter with an EBITDA margin 
of 29.5%, which is an improvement of 440 basis points on a year-
on-year and 500 basis points on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at 16.3 billion rupees, up 30% on a 
year-on-year and 48% on a sequential basis. Net Profit for the 
quarter was 11.8 billion rupees, up 299% on a year-on-year and 
50% on a sequential basis. 
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the 
fourth quarter of FY24 for our key business segments.  
Our India geography, which comprises of formulations and 
consumer wellness business, accounted for 40% of the total 
revenues during the quarter and grew 8% year-on-year. Our 
branded formulations business in India grew faster than the 
market during the quarter as well with 8% year-on-year growth. 
Portfolio of key pillar brands and innovation products were the 
key growth drivers. During the quarter, we gained market share in 
derma and the anti-infective therapies. On the super speciality 
front, we retained the leadership position in the nephrology 
segment, while in the oncology space, we remained amongst the 
fastest growing companies in India. Contribution of chronic 

 
4 of 23 
 
portfolio has increased consistently over the years and stood at 
41.2% as per IQVIA MAT March’24, an improvement of 360 basis 
points over the last three years. The consumer wellness business 
recorded revenues of 7.8 billion rupees, up 10% on a year-on-year 
basis. The personal care segment, which comprises of Nycil and 
Everyuth brands, registered yet another quarter of strong growth. 
Performance of food and nutrition segment improved with mid-
single digit growth during the quarter. We continued to witness 
gross margin expansion with an improvement of 377 basis points 
on a year-on-year basis for the quarter driven by calibrated price 
increase taken earlier and efficient hedging strategy for key 
commodities. 
Now, let me take you through the performance of our US 
formulations business. The business accounted for 47% of the 
consolidated revenues during the quarter with revenues of 25.2 
billion rupees and delivered robust 37% growth sequentially. As 
mentioned earlier, the base business continued to expand 
sequentially during each quarter of the current fiscal on the back 
of volume expansion and new product launches. We launched 5 
new products and received approval for 12 ANDAs, including four 
tentative approvals during the quarter. We filed 20 ANDAs, 
received approval for 46 new products, including 5 tentative 
approvals and launched 29 new products during the year. 
On the international markets front, growth momentum built over 
the last several quarters continued as the business delivered 
double digit growth for yet another quarter with a healthy 
demand across key markets. Overall, the business posted 
revenues of 5 billion rupees, up 13% year-on-year.  
During the quarter, we received the EIR from the USFDA for our 
API Ahmedabad facility which was inspected by the agency during 
the preceding quarter. Two of our injectable manufacturing 
facilities located at Ahmedabad SEZ and Jarod near Vadodara 
were recently inspected by the USFDA and were issued certain 
observations upon completion of inspection. We are closely 
working with the USFDA to implement necessary corrective 
actions. 
This concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. 
Sharvil Patel to take you through the key drivers across businesses 
as well as initiatives in our innovation program. 
 
 

 
5 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is a 
pleasure to have you all here on the call today. We are pleased with 
our performance during the quarter and the year. All our key 
businesses are focused on enhancing the value proposition to their 
customers by fulfilling their diverse healthcare needs. We look 
forward to expanding our presence in existing therapies and markets 
and explore newer avenues to serve our customers better and 
generate greater value for all the stakeholders. 
On the India formulations front, we continue to channelize our efforts 
and resources towards strengthening our position in focused therapy 
areas through multiple levers. Our innovation engine continues to 
offer novel solutions to our customers and satisfy their unmet 
healthcare needs. Various strategic interventions done in the past 
have helped our branded formulations business to deliver double digit 
growth over the last couple of years and we look forward to building 
onto this momentum.  
On the US formulations front, we have built a comprehensive 
portfolio spread across dosage forms by leveraging our in-house 
development 
capabilities 
as 
well 
as 
exploring 
partnership 
opportunities. In the specialty space, acquisition of LiqMeds has 
augmented our capabilities to deliver novel solutions to the patients 
while in the rare disease space, we have now a meaningful presence 
with two commercialized products and one product under filing stage. 
We expect our US business to sustain the growth trajectory going 
forward. This will be driven by large product portfolio, strong 
customer 
relationships, 
a 
network 
of 
regulatory 
compliant 
manufacturing facilities, an agile supply chain and an efficient cost 
management. 
On the international markets front, we are focusing on growing the 
business in chosen therapies areas across key geographies by 
leveraging our global R&D portfolio of differentiated and niche 
generics as well as speciality products. In Europe, we are working 
towards strengthening our retail presence in France and Spain 
through portfolio expansion, improving cost proposition and 
increasing pharmacy coverage. We also commenced our UK 
operations during the year where we wish to expand by leveraging 
our global R&D portfolio. 
Our innovation pipeline across different areas progressed well and 
achieved important milestones during the year. Success of our 
innovation efforts is evident from the increase in number of patients 
over the years who benefited from the affordable and accessible 

 
6 of 23 
 
treatments options delivered by our innovation engine to fulfil their 
unmet healthcare needs. 
With this, let me talk about some of the material developments on 
the innovation efforts during the quarter.  
On the NCE front, we completed the recruitment of patients for Phase 
II(b)/III clinical trials for Saroglitazar Magnesium for PBC indication for 
the US market. The trial will study the effects of a molecule relative to 
placebo over 52 weeks across 100 sites. The Phase II(b) clinical trial of 
Saroglitazar Magnesium for NASH indication for the US market is 
advancing as per the plans. 
Recently, the National Medical Products Administration of China 
accepted the new drug application of Desidustat made by China 
Medical Systems holdings Limited (CMS). Earlier, in 2020, we granted 
an exclusive license for Desidustat to CMS for China, Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan markets. Phase III clinical trials in China have 
demonstrated positive results. The primary endpoint of the 
haemoglobin mean change from baseline to the period of weeks 7 to 
9 has indicated that Desidustat is more effective than placebo in 
increasing haemoglobin levels. 
Coming to our key development program ZYIL1, the WHO’s 
International Non-proprietary Names (INN) recently approved 
“Usnoflast” as the recommended name for the molecule. Usnoflast is 
under clinical development for four indications at present - 
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), Parkinson's disease, Cryopyrin-
Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) and Ulcerative Colitis.  
For ALS indication, Usnoflast is undergoing Phase II clinical trials. ALS 
affects approximately 31,000 people in the US and on an average, 
5000 new patients are diagnosed every year with this disease in the 
US. Over 30,000 people are estimated to be living with ALS in Europe, 
while in India, approximately 75,000 people are living with ALS. 
People with ALS have a median survival of approximately two years 
from diagnosis. 
The USFDA granted the approval to initiate Phase II clinical trial of 
Usnoflast in patients with Parkinson's disease. It is estimated that 
there are over 8.5 million people worldwide suffering from 
Parkinson's disease with 1 million suffering from the disease in the US. 
Each year 90,000 new cases of Parkinson's disease are reported in the 
US. 
On the CAPS front, we are the first company to establish Phase II 
proof of concept for Usnoflast in CAPS patients. Results of the study 

 
7 of 23 
 
were published in the ‘Clinical Pharmacology Drug Development’. 
Usnoflast holds an orphan drug designation from the USFDA for CAPS 
indication. 
We have initiated Phase II proof of concept study of Usnoflast in 
patients with UC (Ulcerative Colitis). It is characterized by irregular 
chronic immune response that creates inflammation and ulcers in the 
mucosa of the large intestine or rectum. In the year 2023, the 
prevalence of Ulcerative Colitis was estimated to be 5 million cases 
worldwide. 
In the biotech R&D space, during the quarter, we initiated Phase III 
clinical trials for one product. We completed pre-clinical tox study for 
one monoclonal antibody and submitted the report to RCGM. 
On the Specialty and 505(b)(2) development front, Sentynl 
Therapeutics, our wholly owned subsidiary, received marketing 
authorization from the UK MHRA for NULIBRY for the treatment of 
patients in Great Britain with Molybdenum Cofactor Deficiency 
(MoCD) Type A; an ultra-rare life-threatening genetic disorder. It is 
the first and only treatment in Great Britain for patients with genetic 
disorder. An early access program is in place for NULIBRY for eligible 
patients who meet the specific criteria. Through this program, 
healthcare professionals can request for the product, if it is not 
commercially available in their country. 
Recently, Sentynl Therapeutics Inc. acquired world-wide proprietary 
rights to Zokinvy® from Eiger Biopharmaceuticals for the treatment of 
Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome, an ultra-rare, fatal, genetic 
premature aging disease that accelerate mortality in young patients. 
Zokinvy® is the first and only treatment approved by the USFDA for 
Progeria. The product is also approved in EU, Great Britain and Japan 
for the same indication. 
Thank you and we can now start the Q&A. Over to the coordinator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the Question and Answer 
session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may raise your hand 
from the participant tab on your screen. The participants are 
requested to use headphones or earphones while asking a question. 
The first question is from Kunal Damesha. 
Kunal Damesha: 
Hi. Good evening and thank you for the opportunity and 
congratulation on good set of numbers. Sir, can you highlight what 
would be our broader outlook for FY25 in terms of revenue growth? 
And also, I think, EBITDA margin, earlier we had suggested that we'll 

 
8 of 23 
 
do EBITDA margin north of 27% but 27% is something we have done 
in FY24 itself. So, do we expect to do higher EBITDA margin?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we expect all our businesses to register good double-digit growth. 
At the aggregate level, we expect high teens growth. This is obviously 
after assuming competition in Asacol in FY25. 
On the EBITDA margins front, I think, assuming we have competition 
in Asacol, we expect to comfortably maintain FY24 margins of 27.5% 
in the coming year and we will make our best efforts to continue to 
improve those margins. 
So, yeah, those are the two main observations I have on this. And 
plus, I would say, we still continue to have a robust pipeline of 
launches with 30+ launches that we planned for FY25.  
Kunal Damesha:    
Sure-sure. And in terms of R&D expenses, any outlook that we want 
to share now that we have enrolled patient for PBC trial. Does that 
mean that there would be a step jump in the R&D for FY25 or it would 
be more like business as usual?  
Sharvil Patel: 
I think with revenue growth that we expect and also there will be 
growth on R&D, I think we are still giving guidance of around 7-8% for 
FY25.  
Kunal Damesha: 
Sure. And the last one with your permission, Sir. On the acquisition of 
Zokinvy. From here on, whatever that product is doing, what would 
be our strategy to grow that? You know revenue, would it be more on 
getting…So, is it that we are not able to reach, the drug has not 
reached all the patients that are available? And is it more like 
geographic, you know, adding more geography in terms of launch and 
all? What would be the strategy with that product?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. So, I do think we believe that, with our current capability that we 
have in the rare disease space, we believe that we will be able to find 
better ways of, I mean, we'll do better execution on finding new 
patients first obviously in the US. But we also see the opportunity in 
other markets with the registrations and access programs being 
created for this to get more patients there. So, we do definitely see an 
opportunity to grow this in FY25 and FY26.  
Kunal Damesha: 
Sure. I have more questions, I'll join back the queue. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Kunal Damesha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Neha.  

 
9 of 23 
 
Neha: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Sir, on the US pipeline, based on 
your commentary that you would launch about 30 products. If I look 
at the pending pipeline that we have, it seems like it's around the 50-
60 number. So, should we assume, as we go ahead, the number of 
launches sort of moderate because we're doing more high value 
launches? Or should we see the filing momentum materially pick up? 
What's the strategy to sort of augment this pipeline in the US?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, we still expect to file 25-30 plus ANDAs in FY25. This year we had 
filed 20 but we will see that uptick happen by at least 5 to 10 more. 
We are also actively pursuing partnership opportunities for in-
licensing important products in the US and recently we obviously 
announced one but we are seeing success on that in terms of finding 
more opportunities.  
And going forward, as I said, we still hope to launch 35+ products in 
the US in FY25. So, I think from that point of view we still will continue 
to have a robust pipeline of products that we have filed and to be 
filed. So, I think we will still achieve 20-25 plus launches consistently. 
But obviously this year we'll see higher launches. I mean, coming year 
we'll see higher launches.  
Neha: 
Got it. And how many of these launches, you know, a rough breakup 
of what you're planning in 25 would be injectable, non-injectable? 
Just trying to assess the risk given two of our facilities have been 
inspected. I know we don't know the outcome yet and you're doing 
your best but how much of this is injectable versus non-injectable? 
Any colour there?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, currently, we believe, four maybe four products, that we may 
believe may get delayed. That's our current estimate.  
Neha: 
Okay-okay. Got it. Second is on the India business. Now we've started 
seeing some momentum pick up in the India business. I'm talking 
about the formulation business this year, particularly in the last few 
quarters. Should we assume that the growth trajectory for India 
would be now at a higher level or what we saw last year is the 
momentum that we will maintain for the India business? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, we do expect double digit growth but definitely we will 
like to grow ahead of market depending on how the market shapes up 
in FY25. But currently our expectation is to grow in double digits for 
India business, which is mostly aided by obviously our proprietary and 
differentiated products which are specifically high value. And also, 
with the efforts that have been put on certain specialty and chronic 
segments, we will see better momentum for our growth booster 
brands that we have allocated. 

 
10 of 23 
 
So, I think, that focused segments plus the proprietary and new 
differentiated techno products that we have, we believe we can 
deliver double digit growth.  
Neha: 
Understood. Sorry, one other question on the US market. On Asacol, 
you know, you said the guidance includes competition in Asacol. So, 
you know assuming that there will be competition this year in first 
half, second half? I mean, do you have any colour on that or this is 
just being conservative?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I think, to be on the conservative side, it is always prudent to 
assume we will see competition. So, that's what we always, when we 
are giving guidance, we are talking about guidance with the 
competition on Asacol.  
Neha: 
Understood. Thank you so much, Sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Surya Patra: 
Yeah, thanks for this opportunity Sir and congrats for the strong set of 
numbers. Sir, my first question is on the margin improvement 
sequentially what we have seen. If I just adjust for let's say some 
Revlimid kind of a number out of the total reported, it looks like that 
your base business has seen the gross margin which is highest ever. 
And if this is the case, back to back, even third quarter gross margins 
were significantly better for the base business adjusted for Revlimid. 
So, what is driving this? Or it is largely to do with the consumer 
business doing better than expected?  
Sharvil Patel: 
So, yes, one part of the reasons for the gross margins is we saw an 
improvement on the gross margins for the consumer business. But, 
overall also, we have seen improvement in gross margins with better 
efficiencies and inflationary pressures reducing. So, I think both of 
them have aided and, obviously, it's also to do with product mix. As 
new product sales becomes larger part of the overall business, the 
gross margin profiles are much better there. 
So, I think all of that. So, the product mix, the wellness business 
seeing the inflationary pressures ease and better pricing realization 
and obviously the mix of markets that we have has led to that benefit 
of improved gross margins.  
Surya Patra: 
So, in that case, so what is the sustainable, means whether this is a 
sustainable one or we can grow up on this? That is one. And, 
secondly, the spike in the other expenses also what we are witnessing 
in this quarter. Is it also largely led by the consumer business 
contributing significantly?  

 
11 of 23 
 
Nitin Parekh: 
So, gross margin without special products is sustainable. And with 
continuous efforts in terms of cost rationalization, normal price 
increases that we can take in consumer business, we are able to take 
care of inflation in terms of input cost. So far as other expenses are 
concerned, for the quarter, the increase is partly because of one-off 
expenses to the extent of about 50 crores and largely because of the 
seasonality of Consumer Wellness.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay. This 50 is one off?  
Nitin Parekh: 
Yes. 
Surya Patra: 
And this is relating to what, Sir?  
Nitin Parekh: 
There are different items. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. My second question is about the US business. So, obviously we 
have seen a kind of a strong sequential improvement, obviously also 
led by special products. But on the base business front, how should 
one think about? And while you are talking about sustaining the 
momentum there in the US market as well and all that. So, what is the 
nature of the products? Means while you are saying 30 odd products 
pipe-line for this year, any special products or any kind of a key 
product opportunities that you are targeting? If you can highlight 
selective few which will give some confidence about the sustenance 
of the double-digit kind of performance in the US business? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, there are couple of things. One is obviously the new 
launches will scale up, as I had spoken of. So, both the new launches 
that we will do and the last year's launches that are scaling up 
including the products like in the transdermal space. The LiqMeds 
specialty US business also is scaling up meaningfully. There is also 
good contribution that will come in from the animal health business 
as well as the recent acquisition of Zokinvy which will start getting 
realized in a quarter from now. 
And if you say very meaningfully, recent, obviously, we have launched 
Mirabegron, which is obviously a very significant launch by the 
company.  
Surya Patra: 
And we have exclusivity kind of thing in both the strengths Sir, for 
Mirabegron?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. From our best knowledge, right now, on one strength, we have 
one more competitor and on the larger strength, we are exclusive for 
now.  

 
12 of 23 
 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, third question was about, sorry, it is a continuation to 
the Revlimid point. So, is it fair to believe, Sir, Revlimid is going to 
have a kind of improved contribution in the next FY25?  
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. And regards the business diversification, see, in fact now, 
having seen a kind of a sequential progress and improvising our 
positioning, presence, growth, all that in the domestic side, which 
now, along with the consumer account almost 40% and US more than 
45%. So, these are two growth drivers in the recent past but going 
ahead, for your future progression and all that, are you really thinking 
about either business diversification in terms of geographically or you 
think that okay, you can enhance the depth of the business in the 
existing areas only or existing market only and hence can possibly 
think about sustaining the growth going ahead? What is your plan 
going ahead? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, the two large markets, US and India, I think we are 
strategically well placed to continue to grow them strongly. So, that 
we are very confident on. Our developing market or emerging 
markets business is also scaled up meaningfully over the last five 
years with good growth and profitability and that business unit will 
continue to explore more market opportunities to enter into with the 
differentiated portfolio that now we have globally. So, that we will see 
some expansion. 
 
But as I said, overall, we are well placed with the portfolio and the 
future pipeline to see meaningful opportunities in both US and India, 
which are our largest markets.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay. If you permit me, Sir, one more question. So, how to think 
about this China Desidustat opportunity, Sir? And what is the kind of 
arrangement that would be, because obviously size wise it is a much 
bigger and larger market? And if we get a kind of a preference in 
terms of getting the product introduced into their reimbursement list, 
then it can also kind of a meaningful opportunity and what is the kind 
of arrangement that you would be having in terms of revenue 
sharing? Some sense and some visibility about this, because it could 
potentially be a really positive surprise for our overall performance. 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, China is a very, very large market, is probably no. 2 in the world in 
terms of franchise.  The current approved products in China are 
already clocking very significantly large value.  So, we believe that if 
everything goes well and we get approval from the Chinese regulatory 
authority and with the very strong commercial partner like CMS, we 
will see good benefit, I mean good significant traction for Desidustat 

 
13 of 23 
 
to become a very large global product for us and it's a royalty-based 
partnership that we have.  So, once everything happens, once we're 
able to commercialize, we can definitely then speak more about it, 
but it looks, it's a very positive sign and if everything goes well, it 
would be only a two-player market kind of thing, which will offer 
great opportunity for Desidustat. 
Surya Patra:  
So, it's manufactured by them? 
Sharvil Patel:  
No, it's manufactured by Zydus. 
Surya Patra:  
Okay.  Sure.  Yeah.  Thank you, Sir.  Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, hi.  Thanks for taking my question.  Sir, just one clarification to 
start with. Your guidance for next year is consolidated high teen 
growth or double-digit growth, I just missed that and also on the 
margin, you're expecting it to be flat with Asacol HD competition or 
you expect it to improve for next year? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think on a conservative side, if we see Asacol competition, at the 
basic, we will definitely maintain FY24 margins, but if we see scale-up 
of our new critical launch that has happened right now and with other 
benefits, we will work towards improving it further.  In terms of 
growth, yes again, I think critical launches will play an important role 
in the growth.  So, from double digit to high teens will all depend on 
the successful launches, one which we have done and few we hope to 
do.  So, if that all goes well, we do hope to see better growth. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And Sir this number that you mentioned is on a consolidated basis, at 
overall company level, double digit to high teen is what one can 
expect? 
Nitin Parekh: 
Saion, just to clarify, Nitin here.  What we told, all the businesses will 
register a double-digit growth and at aggregate level, we expect a 
high teens growth. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, understood.  Sir, this Mirabegron launch, I mean, what's your 
expectation of competitive intensity going forward? Do you have a 
view there? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Our current best estimate is we do not expect, in the near term, any 
more competitive intensity.  So, it will be currently, in one strength, 
two players and on the higher strength, single player market. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood and Sir finally, before I join back, on the specialty and 
innovation piece, there are a lot of moving parts as we see today.  So, 
from a next three years perspective, can you just lay out what are the 

 
14 of 23 
 
key milestones we should watch out for, the meaningful ones and also 
how should we think about the cost structure here with respect to 
R&D spend, sales and marketing efforts on the cost side and 
investment side from a next three-year perspective? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, for FY25, our R&D spend, we will be around 7% to 8%, is our 
current guidance.  On the key milestones, I think, there are 2-3 critical 
milestones.  The first, which is for our lead candidate Saroglitazar.  So, 
we finished our recruitment for PBC indication. So, one year from 
now, we will have a readout on the results and if we see positive 
results, which we hope, then we will be filing it in the US for NDA 
application and probably six months to one year from then, we would 
see a commercialization of that.  If we are successful with good data, 
FY26, we will see commercialization expenses get built in for the 
launch and FY27 more meaningfully.  Beyond that, as I said, 
Desidustat will be the next milestone for approval in China and really 
kicking that off.  Third would be our Zycubo, which is CUTX101, going 
through a rolling NDA filing and potentially quarter four of FY25, 
potentially seeing an approval and launch. And then, there are 
obviously multiple product launches that we have planned for in 
India, day one launches, which will be meaningful.  So, I think all in all, 
these will be part of the plans for at least FY25 journey. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Sir, the experience of Desidustat in India, is there any color, the 
numbers look a bit low. I mean how do you see that ramping up in 
India and what are the issues that we're facing in India currently? 
Sharvil Patel: 
In Desidustat in India, we have seen excellent results.  So, I think it is 
one of our best new launches.  So, we don't see any concern and for it 
to become, you know the 100-crore plus franchise soon, is definitely 
the goal.  So, there is actually seeing very good traction on Desidustat.  
We don't have any growth issues in that market. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay.  That's great.  Sir, one last, if I can Sir, any color on vaccine, any 
major uptick you see, WHO approval or export opportunities over the 
next three years and if you can give some granular details on timeline 
there? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think FY24, the key milestone for vaccines will be first to get pre-
qualification for MR, TCV and renew the rabies pre-qualification that 
would be the most important part.  If that goes through well, we will 
see immediately opportunity on rabies in a meaningful manner.  Post 
that, I think more it is a calendar year 26-27 for MR & TCV global 
public tender market opportunity, which would be very meaningful. 
Currently, I would say the immediate opportunity for MR will be the 
India vaccine tender opportunity that is coming up which we would 
like to participate and see if we can succeed and our flu vaccine and 

 
15 of 23 
 
other vaccines continue to scale up meaningfully.  So, I think all of 
that is going well, but as I always have said that it is more FY26-27 
where you will see major scale up of the vaccines business.  Also, we 
don't speak always because it's not really a vaccine, but our rabies 
immunoglobulin, which is the dual monoclonal antibody is getting 
registration across India and other places in terms of getting into the 
usage and that will also see some improvement over the next two to 
three years. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, Sir.  Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi, good evening and congrats on a great set of numbers.  Just couple 
questions, Sharvil bhai, just following up on the previous question, 
Mirabegron competition, what is preventing it? Is it the patents that 
are still in force which will run until 2030 or is there some FDA related 
exclusivity? 
Sharvil Patel:  
No, it is to do with litigation, IP. 
Bino: 
Understood.  Today morning, you announced this distribution 
agreement with MSN. Earlier, you have done one with Synthon as 
well.  Just for our understanding, you know, in this kind of distribution 
agreement, so, what is the sort of profitability that we get? Is it just a 
distribution margin around 10% or is it significantly better? 
Sharvil Patel:  
No, it's a profit share arrangement. 
Bino: 
Okay and so it should be much better than a typical distribution 
agreement? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Yeah, yeah.  It's equal profit share. 
Bino: 
Okay, understood.  Have you launched Zituvio, Zituvimet already? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Sorry? 
Bino: 
Zituvio, Zituvimet, the Januvia 505(b)(2), have you already launched 
it? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, we have launched Zituvimet and Zituvimet IR will be the next one 
which has also got approval. We have had good success. It’s a tough 
launch in terms of making a branded launch in the US market, but we 
are seeing a good traction on it and we see, over the next five years it 
being a meaningful product for Zydus. 

 
16 of 23 
 
Bino: 
Great.  One last, if I may please.  This year 24, we saw that Revlimid 
was a bit episodic, more in 1Q and 4Q.  Is it going to be similar in 25 as 
well? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Yeah, Q1 will be higher than Q4. 
Bino:  
 
Q1 and Q4, okay.  Great.  Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Nimish Mehta. 
Nimish Mehta: 
Yeah, hi.  I hope we are able to hear it.  Just one question on the US 
generics market.  I mean, you know from the data that we have; we 
see that there has been some significant erosion, price erosion in the 
month of April.  How do you see that, I mean and what is the impact 
on our portfolio? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I don't know overall. So, we have had, I mean I think our base 
portfolio is stable and as I said they have been highly genericized and I 
think, overall we have seen a good traction on the business.  So, I 
think as I always say the market is not changed, it is always going to 
be a large consolidated buying, which if hyper competition comes in, 
there will be price, the escalation and depending on where the 
product is and competition is, that will continue, but with the new 
products and certain capabilities that we have in supply chain 
resilience and how we have a strong customer insight as well as 
supply service levels, I think we are seeing good sticky business.  So, 
but I think fundamentally nothing has changed in the market.  It's still 
hyper competitive if there are more competitors. But as I said our 
discipline has always been to not sell products without making margin 
and that is helping us. 
Nimish Mehta: 
Yeah, okay, but I mean, have you seen some fall in pricing on the base 
business that's what I'm trying to understand.  I understand, I mean 
the new products and the other strategy that we use for getting the 
business, but has the base business?    
Sharvil Patel: 
No, there's only, we don't have a heightened price erosion. It’s normal 
price erosion that is there, but nothing different from the earlier 
quarters. 
Nimish Mehta: 
Understood.  If I may, you know one question on the domestic 
business as well. I mean if I'm not wrong, most of the large companies 
including ourself have been focusing now more on the generic - trade 
generic business in the domestic business.  So, you know, can you let 
us know what is the trigger and if that expands, will that also not 
require a lot of capacity? I mean because you know it's a volume 
business and it's not typically a value business?  Just your thoughts on 
that.  Thank you. 

 
17 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the trade generics business is generally a little different trade 
channel that utilizes this opportunity.  I think, for us, we are more I 
would say measured in our approach towards the trade generics 
business.  We are not, the way we are launching the products, is we 
only focus more on the branded side of our business and with the 
portfolio that we already have in trade generics and some of the 
portfolio that we miss because we don't want to build it, in the 
branded side, we have that trade generic offering, but by and large, I 
think our focus is more towards the branded side.  Trade generic is 
more opportunistic for us. 
Nimish Mehta: 
So, you don't see a significant growth in that `category, which I think 
other companies are looking at? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think the category is showing growth. It is also gonna be hyper 
competitive and price challenge, but there is growth definitely there. 
But as I said, for us, our focus right now is more on the branded side 
and the specialty and the proprietary side of the business.  This is 
more of an opportunistic business. 
Nimish Mehta: 
Okay.  Okay.  Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Bino. 
Bino: 
Hi, thanks for getting me back again.  Just two follow up questions.  
One, there are these two biotech products, one in phase 3 and one 
just completed phase 1, are these biosimilars and are these also being 
developed for the US market? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, the biosimilars, currently our strategy is only focused towards 
India and emerging markets.  One of the phase 1 molecule is our 
proprietary molecule that we started.  We are starting a phase 1 and 
2. 
Bino: 
Understood.  Second, there was a recent tentative approval you got 
for Prevymis, Letermovir.  I believe there is an exclusivity which is 
preventing a final approval, but that exclusivity gets over I think in 
November or so this year, is that a near term launch? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, unfortunately, I'm not 100% clear when that launch will be, but we 
can come back to you separately, if we have a clear view.  Currently, it 
is not launched for sure. 
Bino:  
 
Okay.  Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Harsh. 
Harsh:  
 
Yeah, thank you.  Am I audible? 

 
18 of 23 
 
Sharvil Patel:  
Yes. 
Harsh: 
Yep.  Thank you.  Good evening.  2-3 quick questions.  I joined the call 
a little bit late, so maybe repetitive, but one on LiqMeds, the small 
molecule portfolio.  I think so, we had mentioned that a large growth 
driver would be the US market.  So, just from that perspective, 
anything for us to keep in mind in terms of important timelines and 
would FY25 see any catalyst just from that business per se, of that 
segment per se and any launches or partnered assets from that 
portfolio would get categorized under the number of launches that 
we already report for the US market? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  So, I think LiqMeds, the important thing is that we have today 
six marketing approvals for the specialty 505(b)(2) side of the 
business.  In UK, we have 13 products that have been supplied out of 
the 15 that we have approval.  Number of products that we still have 
waiting approval, there are two more specialty products waiting for 
approval and another 15 in UK, which are waiting for approval and we 
will see some of these approvals come through. Recently also, we saw 
one approval come through and this is the more specialty side of the 
business in the US. The scale up, we'll definitely see in FY25 also from 
the last year and going forward, we are also seeing meaningful scale 
up because these are branded businesses, especially in the US.  So, 
once the scale up happens, they will be sticky with very good profit 
margins. 
Harsh: 
So, should we assume like 3 to 5 approvals cum launches in FY25 just 
from this portfolio roughly? 
Sharvil Patel:  
More. 
Harsh: 
Okay.  Okay.  And in terms of the margin guidance that we had called 
out, in case of Asacol competition and on that part, we had 
mentioned that the important launch that we have done recently, the 
scale up of that is also pretty important along with other launches.  
So, should we assume another high value launch in second-half of 
FY25 which is very similar to the profile of Myrbetriq to that extent? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think as I said, I would say the significant scale launch right now 
has been Mirabegron, but we have to see how do we succeed in that 
going forward, but yeah, we have still a lot of products that will come 
for approval, which will add to the value growth for the organization.  
So, yeah, overall FY25, as I said, we still continue to believe that we'll 
see double digit growth in spite of Asacol competition in the US. 
Harsh: 
Sure, and just from our understanding perspective. You have given 
the guidance in case of the Asacol competition. Directionally, if you 

 
19 of 23 
 
were to call out a best-case scenario, let's say without Asacol 
competition, where should we think about the range of margins per 
say, just very directionally? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, without Asacol competition, obviously we will see very 
significantly, much higher margins than what we have currently 
during the last quarter. So, that is the best estimate. I think there are 
so many moving parts. It’s difficult to say, but, now, last quarter we 
did 29.5% margin. If Asacol competition is not there, it is definitely 
potentially possible to achieve that. 
Harsh: 
Sure, that's helpful and one last if I may squeeze in, I might have 
missed this, but have we launched Vascepa in fourth quarter? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We have launched Vascepa, I think recently, but we don't have scale 
manufacturing capacity yet, which we do to third party.  So, once we 
are able to scale up our manufacturing which will require at least two 
more quarters, then we would see more capability of ours to take any 
meaningful business, but right now we don't have capacity. 
Harsh: 
But this is not to do anything with the API supply issue per se, right? 
So, you're just getting in manufactured through a third party? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Yeah. 
Harsh:  
 
Okay, Sir.  Thank you.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah.  Thanks for taking my question again.  Sir, just one question on 
acquisitions.  You know the cash balance is rising and with very high 
value launches that we've seen and we continue to see, I think that's 
going up.  You have done some buyback, but still I think the cash 
balance will keep rising.  So, when you think about acquisition 
prospects, we haven't seen Zydus doing much in India unlike many of 
your peers and then you are investing in specialty. So, do you have 
some size in mind or what exactly you would be looking at? Are you 
okay doing $500-$600 million acquisition? If you can give some color 
what's available? What you're willing to invest?  How you're thinking 
about inorganic opportunities in general? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think our first priority will be to diversify our business in the 
healthcare space.  So, it's more to do with the market entry in 
different kind of geography if we get an opportunity, but large part of 
what we want to focus on is specialty.  So, one is our own pipeline and 
then potentially see an opportunity.  If we are successful with our 
own pipeline to coming to approval to find opportunities to acquire 
and scale that up meaningfully. So,that will be I think our first wish list 

 
20 of 23 
 
to build orphan disease business.  The second obviously which we are 
already committed to is our rare portfolio of businesses.  So, we 
acquired Zokinvy and we hope we can continue on both our internal 
pipeline, but more importantly continue to find opportunities in the 
rare disease space for acquisition.  We do hope to enter more 
markets which are meaningful either directly or potentially again with 
the differentiated pipeline like LiqMeds that we have.  So, those will 
be the first priority of products.  In India, we are looking, we will look 
for brand, you know more brand businesses or brands which can help 
us overall in terms of it being accretive to the current business that 
we do.  Again, something that is differentiated would be nice.  We do 
like the OTC space also.  So, we will look to see what we can do with 
that both in Wellness or in Pharma.  So, I think those are some of the 
areas that we are looking at.  So, I would say the ticket size will not be 
the constraint that will look at, but depending on the market and the 
opportunity, we want to make a profitable business in those places.  
So, in the US, our first expectation is how do we quickly scale up and 
become profitable on the specialty front, provided our current assets 
see the light of day and if that happens, then that will be the focus for 
the company. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
And Sir, different geographies you mentioned, which geography you 
would be interested in? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think Europe is something that we need to figure out, right and 
whether it is some part, building a rare disease or specialty part of the 
business beyond the trade generics that we do.  Also look at certain 
niche therapy areas and see if we can look at some opportunities to 
do something there and lastly also look at the hospital franchise that 
is there in Europe.  So, those will be some areas that we continue to 
look at and overall as I said our mission now is to make sure that we 
build patient centric businesses.  So, medicines is one part of being 
patient centric, but also how do we build businesses that are beyond 
just medicine and making sure that we are looking at companion 
diagnostics care and other areas that are important for treating 
chronic diseases.  So, those are some of the areas that we want to 
continue to pursue.  So, in oncology segment, we have already built a 
strong companion diagnostics business with our current business with 
both Guardant and the other onco product that we have for diagnosis 
for breast cancer.  So, we're looking to scale those kind of 
opportunities further and build a meaningfully different business I 
would say. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Great Sir and just one last if I can ask on the GLP-1 opportunity. How 
you see Zydus position there? You have made filings in the US. So, 
what are your expectations and if you can talk about the capabilities 

 
21 of 23 
 
that Zydus has developed here and when can we see you know any 
meaningful contribution from this portfolio going forward? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think the meaningful capability is to obviously develop a peptide 
capability to obviously characterize the peptide capability to create a 
drug device combination and have the capability of both; obviously 
the drug part, but also the device part.  I think those are the 
capabilities that we have now built.  On the commercialization part, I 
think we will prepare for launch of the GLP-1 whenever the patents 
are over and we are preparing for market by market launch 
depending on the patent expiry. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Great, Sir.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Nitin Agarwal. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi, Sir.  Thank you.  Thanks for taking my question. Sharvil bhai,  you 
know given the way the commentary has been, F25 and also F26 look 
to be very, very strong years for us given that we will continue to have 
tailwinds from Revlimid, possibly our gAsacol as well as even 
Mirabegron for now.  You know how should we look about, you know 
the year after that, post FY26 onwards? Are we looking at potentially 
a largish cliff coming in the earnings as some of these big ticket 
opportunities begin to fade away or do you think there is enough in 
the pipeline to take care of you know sort of substitute some of these 
high growth opportunities? 
Sharvil Patel: 
So, specific to the US, I think as I said, beyond this, I mean we at least 
have two to three other products where we believe we have sole 
exclusive launches available in the years after 26.  So, we do still see a 
very healthy opportunity for the company to be able to launch 
meaningful launches with differentiation or sole exclusivity. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So, we should not be, we should not look at a situation potentially 
that we have a largish cliff coming through for the business on the 
high peak that we do in FY25 and FY26? 
Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah.  Currently, I think obviously it all depends on IP landscape and 
other things, but we have secured some 180-day exclusive launches 
beyond the ones that we have spoken of. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay, Sir.  Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you.  The next question is from Amman Vij. 
Amman Vij: 
Yeah, hi.  My question is on our peptide portfolio.  So, if you can talk 
about how many products have we filed till today?    
Sharvil Patel:  
Which portfolio? I'm sorry, we didn't get your question? 

 
22 of 23 
 
Amman Vij: 
 
Peptide portfolio. 
Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, we have I think two peptides that are in advanced stages, 
filed and to be filed and we continue to have a portfolio of another 
two products that we hope to file.  So, I would say that is the current 
portfolio that we have. 
Amman Vij: 
Sure.  When are you expecting the first approval for these four 
products? 
Sharvil Patel:  
FY26. 
Amman Vij: 
 
Okay.  So, no contribution for FY25 at least? 
Sharvil Patel:  
No. 
Amman Vij: 
 
And Sir, these are for US markets or even for other markets? 
Sharvil Patel: 
We would like to commercialize them in other markets also, but what 
guidance I was giving you is obviously the US market. 
Amman Vij: 
Okay, okay.  So, can we assume that other markets might come 
sooner than FY26 as well? 
Sharvil Patel: 
There's a patent landscape to many of the peptides. So post patent, 
yes, they will be launched. 
Amman Vij: 
Sure, and my final question is do you think these four products will be 
a small contributor to us or a meaningful contributor say in FY26 or 
FY27? 
Sharvil Patel: 
I think it's a little too early to say this, but important markets are 
opening up like India, like Brazil, and more.  So, we'll have to see how 
do we do there.  So, we hope that they will be important, they will 
definitely be important launches the way the attention has been given 
by the organization, R&D, manufacturing.  We hope they will be 
commercially successful in these markets. 
Amman Vij: 
And Sir, do we have any FTF filings on any of the dosages for the 
same? 
Sharvil Patel:  
Yes, and on Sema, we are first to file. 
Amman Vij: 
Sema, we are first to file.  One particular dose or is it all the four 
doses? 
Sharvil Patel:  
On the diabetes indication. 
Amman Vij: 
 
On the diabetes indication.  Okay.  Thank you, Sir. 

 
23 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  As there are no further questions from the participants, I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Ganesh Nayak: 
Thank you very much and look forward to interacting with you during 
our next Investor and Analyst Conference.  Thank you and good night. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Zydus Life Sciences Limited, that concludes this 
conference.  Thank you for joining and you may now disconnect your 
line and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
