 
Godrej Properties Limited 
Regd. Office: Godrej One 
5th Floor, Pirojshanagar,  
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai – 400 079. India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169-8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169-8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
             CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
May 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: Godrej Properties Limited  
         BSE - Script Code: 533150, Scrip ID – GODREJPROP 
         BSE - Security Code — 974950, 974951, 975090, 975091 — Debt Segment  
         NSE Symbol - GODREJPROP  
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call with the investors/ analysts. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A, Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed the transcript of the conference call organized with the investors/ analysts on 
Friday, May 03, 2024, post declaration of financial results (standalone and consolidated) for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed as above 
 
Ashish 
Sudhakar 
Karyekar
Digitally signed by 
Ashish Sudhakar 
Karyekar 
Date: 2024.05.07 
16:32:47 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Godrej Properties Ltd. Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 03, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHA GODREJ – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON, 
GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
MR. GAURAV PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GODREJ PROPERTIES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJENDRA KHETAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
MR. KSHITIJ JAIN – GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Godrej Properties Limited Q4 FY'24 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kshitij Jain from Godrej Properties. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Kshitij Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej Properties Q4 FY'24 Results 
Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Executive Chairperson; Mr. Gaurav Pandey, Managing 
Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra Khetawat, CFO of the Company. 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the Results 
Presentation. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Godrej to make his Opening Remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Good Afternoon, Everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties 4th Quarter Financial 
Year ‘24 Conference Call. I will begin by discussing the highlights of the quarter and we then 
look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. 
I am happy to share the GPL has registered its best ever quarter and most operational parameters 
in the 4th Quarter. 
In terms of new bookings, Godrej Properties achieved its highest ever quarterly and annual sales, 
booking value for the quarter stood at Rs.9,519 crores, up by 135% year-on-year over what was 
the time our best ever quarter, and 66% quarter-on-quarter over what was also our best ever 
quarter at the time. This was the third consecutive quarter and fifth time in the last six quarters 
that GPL has set its highest ever quarterly sales benchmark. 
Booking value for the full year 2024 stood at INR22,527 crores, up 84% year-on-year over the 
previous best ever year and 61% above the guidance we provided at the start of the year. Both 
the quarterly and annual sales values are the highest ever announced by any publicly listed real 
estate developer in India until date. This sales growth was on the back of both improving project 
mix as well as strong volume growth of 21% in Financial Year ‘24. The strong growth can be 
attributed to an extremely strong customer response to some of our new launches during the 
quarter. 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Godrej Zenith in NCR achieved a booking value of Rs.3,008 crores and Godrej Reserve in MMR 
achieved a booking value of Rs.2,693 crores. Both of these projects were the best ever launches 
for Godrej Properties in these respective markets. 
In Financial Year ‘24, four projects, including Godrej Aristocrat launched in Q3 and Godrej 
Tropical Isle launched in Q2, achieved over Rs.2,000 crores of booking values, and all four of 
these projects are owned outright by Godrej Properties. 
Godrej Properties bookings in NCR in Financial Year ‘24 grew 180% to just over Rs.10,000 
crores and Godrej Properties bookings in the Mumbai region grew over 114% to Rs.6,545 crores. 
GPL also achieved its highest-ever cash collections and net operating cash flows; collections 
were Rs.4,693 crores for the 4th Quarter and Rs.11,436 crores for the financial year, leading to 
net operating cash flow growth of 16% year-on-year to Rs.2,607 crores in the 4th Quarter and 
growth of 23% to Rs.4,334 crores for the full year. This was aided by deliveries of 6 mn.sq.ft. 
across seven cities in the 4th Quarter, taking the annual tally of deliveries to 12.5 mn.sq.ft., 
another record milestone for Godrej Properties. The strong cash collections allowed for GPL to 
reduce net debt by over 700 crores in the 4th Quarter despite strong business development in 
that piece. 
With a large number of project completions in the last quarter, GPL recorded its highest ever 
reported net profit numbers on a quarterly and annual basis. Our total income for the 4th Quarter 
increased by 1% and stood at Rs.1,952 crores. Our EBITDA increased by 3% to Rs.649 crores 
and net profit increased by 14% to Rs.471 crores over a very strong base quarter. 
For Financial Year ‘24, our total income increased by 45% to Rs.4,362 crores. EBITDA 
increased by 20% to Rs.1,197 crores, and net profit increased by 27% to Rs.725 crores. 
From a business development perspective, I am happy to announce that Godrej Properties 
entered the Hyderabad market in the 4th Quarter with two land deals with an estimated booking 
value potential of nearly Rs.5,000 crores. The Hyderabad market is amongst the largest and 
fastest growing residential real estate markets in the country and these acquisitions are in line 
with our strategy of strengthening our portfolio across the key markets in India. 
In all, we added four group housing projects with an estimated booking value of Rs.12,800 crores 
in the 4th Quarter of the financial year and a total of 10 new projects with an estimated booking 
value of just over Rs.21,000 crores in the full financial year. 
We believe Financial Year ‘24 has been a transformative year for Godrej Properties with huge 
growth in bookings and especially in GPL share increasing. 
Our hypothesis of raising capital five years ago, deploying aggressively into business 
development when market conditions were favorable for investments and using these new 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
projects to deliver exponential growth in booking is we believe playing out exactly as we had 
hoped. 
While reported cash flow and earnings growth has been strong, we believe these parameters 
would see a sharp upward trajectory in the years ahead. This is the high bookings combined with 
GPL increased economic interest in these projects. 
The pro forma P&L details, including in our investor presentation, provides the sense of the 
growth potential in the P&L as the projects launched this year achieve revenue recognition 
largely in financial year '27 and financial year '28. 
For Financial Year ‘25, we hope to grow residential bookings by 20% over a high base to 
Rs.27,000 crores through the launch of a large number of exciting new projects combined with 
strong substance sales. This combined with continued strong project deliveries should allow us 
to build on the momentum generated in Financial Year ‘24 in strong operating cash flow 
generation. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. Thank you for joining us on the call. We would now be 
happy to discuss any questions, comments or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our first question from the 
line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, with the scale that we have achieved on sales now, I mean, what's the medium-term target 
looks like, I know, I mean you've given a strong guidance for '25, but what's the view from a 
three-year basis now? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think the base certainly is more demanding now than it has been in the past years, but I think 
we'd like to stick with our guidance of 20% growth over the medium-term. Of course, this might 
get calibrated upwards or downwards basis market conditions and how strong business 
development additions from here are. But over the next few years, I think 20% number remains 
the aspiration. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
For FY'25, if you can help us on the guidance, how much can we say volumes versus pricing? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So, I think it will depend a little bit on the mix and what approvals etc., comes through. But if 
you look at it over the last year, it's been a fair mix of growth in volumes which last year was 
31%, a year before that was 40%. And I think pricing is in two parts it's important to remember. 
One is actual pricing growth for the same project because of market conditions. But I think a lot 
of GPL growth has come from repositioning the company into a stronger set of location and the 
pricing growth that has accompanied that. I think really I have to break up the booking value 
growth into three buckets. One is kind of volume growth, the second is repositioning or kind of 
improved project portfolio growth and the last is like-to-like pricing growth, and I think all three 
will continue to contribute in the year ahead. 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Also, if I may ask a little bit of clarity on the family agreement that just came out yesterday. So, 
a few questions there. Firstly, can you clarify the MoU that we have for the Vikhroli 
development? It will continue beyond a six year exclusivity period because I understand there 
is some sort of apprehension out there. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, it's very clear that DM has already been in place for many years and will continue exactly 
as is and is applicable for the entire Vikhroli land. There is no time-bound period to which it is 
applicable. So, Godrej Properties will act as the development manager in partner Godrej & Boise 
which is the landowner and developer of the of the development. So, we greatly look forward to 
playing a role in that project and we are quite happy that after several years in Q4, we actually 
had a launch under this development management relationship, we launched a project for Godrej 
Vistas, which is off to a good beginning. So, hope to see a lot more activity in Vikhroli in the 
years ahead. But just to be very clear, there's certainly no time limit after which the DM doesn't 
continue. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
On the exclusivity part also, so how does the usage of brand name work say in the next six years 
and even beyond that, I mean, how do you see that as such? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Abhinav, part of this understanding for each side existing categories, there is an agreement that 
we won't use the brand and won't compete with each other in those cases. So, four real estate, 
let me clarify how this works. For the first six years, Godrej & Boyce is not going to do any real 
estate development outside of land that it already owns today. So, on the land that it owns today, 
Vikhroli of course being the main one of those, it is free to do development, including using the 
Godrej brand, but it cannot do any development on new land parcels beyond that. Post the six-
year period, Godrej & Boyce is free to do development on other lands but cannot use the Godrej 
brand for those developments. So, that is a very important distinction. I should also point out 
that Godrej & Boyce has an existing construction business and that is actually their exclusive 
business. So, while Godrej Properties is free to do construction for its captive purposes of 
developing its own projects, if we ever wanted to backward integrate, we are free to do so, but 
we will not be for six years able to do third-party construction services for other developers or 
other companies. And after a six-year period, we can provide such services, but we won't be 
using the Godrej brand for that. And that is true across all categories that one or the other side 
has a presence in. I think there has been a little bit of confusion on this saying that they can be 
competing Godrej Developers, etc., that is not at all the case. The development to Godrej & 
Boyce from a property development perspective for the next six years is entirely limited to land 
they already own. Of course, the most important of those lands is Vikhroli, which will be 
developed through the DM. And post six years, while they are absolutely free to set up a real 
estate development company, it would have to operate without the Godrej brand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parikshit Khandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Khandpal: 
So, just delving a little bit more on the family settlement agreement. So, now with this in place, 
do you think there will be acceleration in launches because we have so much of land in Vikhroli, 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
so now all these issues ironed out, do you think we can get at least every year a launch coming 
in from the Vikhroli land? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I think as we indicated in the press release, the timing of launches in Vikhroli will be largely 
determined by Godrej & Boyce. But certainly I think this clarity will aid in there being a more 
momentum to this process, and as I said, I am very happy that we have launched a project under 
this arrangement after a few years in Q4 and would certainly hope to see many more such 
projects ahead. 
Parikshit Khandpal: 
And this 10% DM, if there any change there or it will be same? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
There is absolutely no change to the agreement of any kind. So, that's exactly what it was, which 
is, as you said, 10% of top line. 
Parikshit Khandpal: 
And just the last question on the promoters. Now. I mean we have both the family for now. 
Which are the promoter shareholding will it get classified into like public shareholding and 
what's the future, I mean, how will the shareholding change post this? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
So, I should clarify that the families has announced its intent and the agreement it has gotten 
into. The immediate next step is to seek regulatory approval, which we will be doing over these 
next few weeks. Assuming, those come through and we are able to close as envisioned, the 
families will be de-promoterized from each other side of the group. There will remain some 
amount of cross-holdings between both the groups and those can continue thereafter. 
Parikshit Khandpal: 
Now we are seeing that in NCR, we have already reached 10,000 crores of sales and MMR also 
just crossed 6,000. So, now incremental growth, do you think there's still scope for these two 
markets to offer your incremental growth in FY'25 given you have already announced the 27,000 
crores of pre-sales? And with such high market share, do you think still scope for you to grow 
from these two markets? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, certainly I think we have a lot of scope to grow in these markets. If you look at NCR as an 
example, I think the market did fantastically well this year, the team performed fantastically 
well. So, I think hats off to Gaurav and our CEO in NCR, Geetika and her team, because I think 
the numbers were very strong, but largely we delivered through the launch of three projects. I 
think we have the potential this year to launch at least five or six projects. So, certainly, we hope 
that market conditions sustain that we can see strong growth in NCR as well. In Mumbai, we 
had a very strong 4th Quarter. We have several new large projects that are now in the market 
where we have additional towers and additional inventory to be launched in the year ahead. We 
have some exciting new launches plans in places like Worli. So, again, I see no reason that we 
shouldn't be able to grow up this way. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
My first question is with respect to your 27,000 crores guidance. How much of this should we 
think will come from sustenance sales, how much of it is dependent on new launches? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks for the question. See, essentially when we plan a launch calendar for an year, we always 
keep a series of projects with some buffer and of course we have a lot of sustenance inventory. 
We don't really have a clear guidance on the sustenance and launch. It frankly changes from 
quarter-to-quarter. If you look at the Q1, Q2 of the last year, it was largely sustenance balance 
with some launches, but if you see let's say, Q4, it was just the opposite, about 84%, or 80%-
plus worth very largely new launches. So, I think quarter-to-quarter it would shift, but fair to say 
it will be a very launch heavy year balance with some amount of sustenance, largely launches 
would be the bigger contributor. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, will it be possible to share what is the value of unsold inventory that you have? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Offhand, I won't have a number to share with you, but fair to say in every geography we have a 
huge set of inventory. Rule of thumb is whatever guidance we gave you, the available inventory 
that we have in stock is usually at least 2x available in our mind is when we typically give you 
a forecast. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, when you said 27,000 crores, you're saying 54,000 crores - 
Gaurav Pandey: 
We will have visibility in our pipeline of about 50,000 crores. Our total inventory is even 
significantly higher, but the one I am talking about is mostly in the pipeline funnel that we get 
to see. Finally, it's a combination of launches that will hit in the market, but that's how we 
typically make our estimate. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, if I were to just do some basic math here, so you're talking of 30,000 crores of new launches, 
does that mean about 24,000 crores of inventory is remaining to be sold from the projects already 
under execution, is that how one should think about that? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Not really. Project-to-project, it would differ. I don't have the offhand number of unsold stock. I 
think your question is unsold stock of launch inventory, right? 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
This question is answered. I will probably get back to you on the unsold stock, but fair to say if 
you look at the recent launches, if I give you an example, last year, we did a launch in Tropical 
Isle, right, this was sold out to zero inventory available. We did an Aristocrat largely about 80%-
plus sold and again some amount of sold out in Q4, so about maybe 10%. Then we did Reserve. 
Reserve will have about close to 4,000 crores of stock available. So, the recent launches if you 
see anything which is 2,000 plus crores, the residual inventory is about 10% with the exception 
of godrej Reserve. But historically, if you see very old projects of ours, we were always 
launching phases, and typically in year one, we would launch back then about 70% and then 
sustenance would follow. So, if you ask me in this 27,000 crores project which were launched 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
in the H2 of last year in NCR, not much of sustenance available, we practically sold them out, 
but you will have good amount of inventory as new tower launches in Mumbai and another 
location. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And 30,000 crores launch will include that number as well, right? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Yes, yes, 27,000 crores is the guidance that we have given, it will include all of that and launches 
as you rightly said, will include the new tower launches as well. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, just following up on that as well, you've been selling significant amount of what you 
launched in the year itself. So, how are you thinking about cost and pricing? Don't you want to 
keep some bit of inventory for later dates to realize better prices or are you thinking that best to 
capitalize on current prices? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
So, if you ask me from a mitigation strategy and inventory management, I think it's market-to-
market, right. I mean if we see for example North as a market, right, our ability to charge 
premium to our underwriting is very live right now. So, if I give you some examples, look at the 
launch of Q3, which was Aristocrat. Between what was the underwriting to the included profit 
that we have shown it was almost like close to 1.8-2x of our underwriting profit. So, if we see 
that there is an immediate opportunity basis what we have underwritten, we can significantly 
enhance our profitability. The costs will not be as high then our opportunity to capture the upside 
immediately. But likewise, in certain markets, like if you see Bombay, while this has become 
Mumbai real estate higher selling project and we had the opportunity to of course launch more 
inventory, but very conscious of launching inventory phases because we believe there is a far 
more price upsides available. Of course, the launch itself saw much of price performance versus 
underwriting, but we believe in that particular micro market where there is hardly any supply, 
we would be able to command more premium. So, finally it's a call between immediate price 
upside opportunity available versus long-term costs. Wherever we feel the opportunity is better 
than the risk, we kind of capitalize on that, but there are times we also will do staggered sales. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Lastly, on the commercial portfolio, if you can guide us as to what is your share of capital 
employed and what is your share of net operating income from the commercial? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Total rental portfolio opportunities is about 1,100 crores and the full potential is about 270-odd 
crores. And of course, as and when we will hit OCs, this will continue to come, most of the OCs 
will hit in this year itself. So, we have already got one OC last year and this year we will see the 
OC if all the residual core inventory. Our share of profit is different in different projects in Godrej 
Two, for example, it is about 50% and you would appreciate that we saw massive leasing uptake 
in Q4, almost close to 94%. In another commercial portfolio, which is the Taj The Trees which 
is just recently opened, you would see that there is 100% owned by Godrej Properties. We have 
seen some fantastic occupancy about 67%, a very high amount of EBITDA and it is just the start 
the property in terms of its operations. We hope to see even better return in the coming year. So, 
yes, I mean, our commercial portfolio frankly is outperforming our own internal estimate 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
because there's a very strong uptake in FY2024 and I think FY'25 likely would be even more 
exciting. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Are you likely to take more commercial projects? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
We have a partnership with Godrej Fund Management. As we would appreciate, it's very 
opportunistic to how we see the development. I think currently we have a good focus on these 
specific projects. There's the thing immediately in our mind to be very frank and currently with 
more execution towards ensuring the leasing, everything gets over, but we do see something 
very exciting in the coming quarters and all, we will be of course evaluating on. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
There will be a growth I think in these commercial projects including one this year for sure. But 
as Gaurav was saying, I think it's correct, the key focus for the year on the commercial side will 
be to stabilize and start operations for these four or five assets that are completing this year. 
Puneet Gulati: 
So, the MoU is only applicable for Vikhroli and not for any other land parcels, there was Mohali, 
Hyderabad earlier, that's no longer effective now? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Correct, it's just for Vikhroli and I think some of that Hyderabad property and all has actually 
been is I don't think in the system anymore but yes, but the MoU is for Vikhroli. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, I had a few questions. The first is essentially on this economic interest. So, we have seen this 
economic interest go up. Can one expect this to keep going up to like let's say 90%, 95% or do 
you think 85%-odd we peak out now? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, I don't think it will keep going up. It's already at 85%. So, it's already at a very high level. 
So, I would not expect it to really grow up from here. It might go up a little down a little year-
on-year basis, whether JVs are contributing, etc., But I would say I would not expect it to start 
going towards 100 or anything like that and you would have seen even this year we did have 
some joint ventures added. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, effectively, the EBIT which you're reporting at about the proforma EBIT. If you adjust for 
this, on a normalized project basis, you should have earned close to 30% because you are 
basically happy to earn 25%. That's the broad understanding I am coming up, right? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think again, if there is a lot of projects and structures beyond just JV and outright, but yes, I 
think there certainly is room to continue to improve margins given the kind of momentum we 
are seeing in the market. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
So, typically what we essentially do, when we underwrite transactions agnostic to the deal 
structure, our targeted imputed margin metrics are very similar. The only difference is that when 
you actually hit the market. If it is a 100% on project and the market is supporting your ability 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
to significantly take the margin up, if the opportunity available, but whether we are doing any 
deal today or we will do in future with the JV project and outright, our return expectations are 
very similar when we underwrite a deal, it's not different for our JV project or outright for that 
matter. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
The underwriting margin which you're targeting is about 25%, right? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Yes, in plotted, of course it will be much higher, but yes, ballpark what you're saying is right. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
And in the underwriting, I am assuming now you keep construction buffers. If you can quantify 
the amount of buffer you keep in your underwriting? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Yes, we do try and keep, but to be very frank, that's the risk to the market. In fact, if you see our 
pro forma, we have intentionally, even shown you a scenario with 10% sort of a contingency 
exactly to help one get a perspective, but eventually in execution, our ability to manage costs 
will either improve the returns or could marginally reduce it. But fair to say, what we are 
publishing in terms of the range is what we aspire to hit. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, this imputed is after factoring in the contingency or without the contingency on construction? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think there obviously is some contingency figured even in the base thing, that there will be 
some escalation, that is part of the basic business planning. What we are saying is beyond that. 
So, even the base number that we provided as actual, obviously has some factor of contingency 
for escalations in others. We just wanted to clearly show that this number is not something set 
in stone, that there is execution risk attached to this, we have just tried to present a range which 
shows kind of if for any reason execution sees deterioration in this by say up to 10% of projected 
EBITDA, the ratios would look like under certain scenario. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Moving on to business development. So, you've done 20,000 crores this year, next year is 20,000 
crores. So, I understand you have a bad book, but in an environment where, let's say, property 
prices are going higher than land prices once you want to do more BD at this point of the cycle 
and like slowdown later, I mean, why are you taking such a conservative even for BD for next 
year at least? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Honestly, I think our BD guidance is probably the one we pay the least attention to if I am being 
totally honest, because BD really depend on what we have seen during the year and the specific 
opportunities. There is not going to be if we see great opportunities, the 20 is not going to form 
any kind of upper cap certainly. And we have seen in past years, for example, in FY'23, where I 
think we guided around 15,000 and ended up doing 35,000 or so. So, certainly I would not look 
at this 20,000 as an upper cap and we would hope to if we see the right opportunities, go well 
past this. And you're right that I think just intuitively, the BD growth should be at least at 
replacement level. So, see the right opportunity, I don't think we will stop from taking them, but 
at the same time, I think meeting our guidance is important to us on business development, we 
are quite clear that it's not something we do at any cost. So, if we feel the opportunities are not, 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
correct for whatever reason, we won't be overly aggressive and we do feel we have a good 
portfolio for the next couple of years in any case. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
On this Bombay, so you've obviously scaled up nicely, but your market share in Bombay will 
still be maybe between I am guessing between #6 to #8. In terms of new projects acquisitions 
also, Bombay doesn't seem to be that big this year at least. So, how would you be thinking about 
this market? You've done very well in Delhi and NCR and some of the other markets. What's 
your strategy for Bombay, and is there a market share aspiration you have here? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Essentially, if you see even the guidance that we have given from a launch point of view, right, 
in fact the highest launched volume that we talked about from value point of view is in Bombay, 
it's about 9,500 crores, but coming on bit of forward-looking and how we are looking Bombay 
portfolio, if you try and see what is happening in Mumbai for the last piece, you'll try and 
appreciate the point of inflection. Bombay used to be a sort of a sort of a dormant business for a 
couple of years back, about 1,500, 1,600 crores and in FY'23, this became almost double of that, 
say for the first time we crossed 3,000 crores kind of a number. And what's happened in the last 
financial year, it's crossed 6,000 plus number, 6,500 thereabouts. So, essentially last year we 
were trying to see that the acquisitions that we have done in FY'22 and '23, how are they going 
to play out because there were some seven high capital very important transactions, we did 
starting from projects like the Mahalaxmi project that we have, the Kandivali project we had, 
something in Azad Nagar, Thane and the likes of it. Now, having seen that playing out really 
well, you would see continued momentum in Bombay. And if I just want to give you some very, 
very broad level sort of pipeline indicators that we have, we have something in Carmichael Road, 
we have something very exciting finally coming up in Worli this year, we have done something 
in Bandhup as a planning. We have close to (+4,000) crores worth of inventory available in 
Kandivali project and then there's something coming up also in Navi Mumbai. So, I think we 
have a very robust pipeline for this year. But I think the determination to do more is going to be 
a little more stronger from Bombay this year because of the last year's execution strategy kind 
of playing out well. So, I think it's a bit of a thoughtful approach that we will continue every 
quarter to buy land where we feel we are very confident, then if it crosses a particular threshold 
of capital deployment and booking value available in that particular micro marketing geography, 
we will wait for the launch to happen, and with success we will of course double down and add 
more. And this has played out very well for us, if you see last year towards the NCR, then it was 
MMR and I think you will see a lot of action even in markets like South and Pune this year. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So, on your residential project, so you have this an annexure slide. So, effectively you have to 
get approximately from what I can calculate around 28,000 crores is the cash to collect, is that 
number broadly my understanding is correct? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Correct, Saurabh. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
What is the cost to finish against it? 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
We have not been giving that guidance, but you can have a normal percentage applied whatever 
is the normal construction rate. We always give that what is our expected profit now with 
proforma, you can very well do a back calculation. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes, but your land cost should be about 20%, 25% of sales, right? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Depends, it can reach anywhere from 15% to 25%, yes, depends on project-to-project. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Parvez Qasi: 
My questions are related to the cash flows. In line with the sales, we have seen pretty decent 
improvement in our operating cash flows. I mean if one looks at a quarterly basis on an average 
our construction and project-related outflows have been somewhere closer to about 2,000-odd 
crores and therefore there's a fair bit of volatility in our net operating cash flow depending on 
the collection. So, how do we see on an annual basis, our operating cash flow going ahead? And 
the second, in terms of our land-related CAPEX, we have done roughly about 5,500 crores this 
year. How do we see that going ahead and consequently, what would be our debt trajectory in 
future? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Let me try and break it up into sort of parts. The essentially as you rightly said the operating 
cash flow is largely coming out of collections growth. If you see our collections CAGR, it's 
about 34.7 and what is more noticeable is to see the trend from FY'22. So, from FY'22, our 
collections have almost doubled. And again, an interesting data point is to see points of inflection 
like FY'23, the Q4 sales were about 4,000-odd crores. This year, the Q4 collections is more than 
that right. So, I think collections is following a sort of a lag of three to five quarters in every 
project, because all our payment plans are construction-linked and I think the idea is that if we 
continue to sell well and we ensure that the collections payment plan are very, very front-ended, 
your collections with the great efficiency will continue with the CAGR that we have already 
been seeing in the last two, three years. In terms of operating cash flow, again, if you see, it's 
going at a 50% plus CAGR. Now that being said from a future and FY'25 point of view, if you 
see, this is one year, we are normally a little more conservative in giving a collection guidance. 
Last year, we gave a collection guidance about 10,000 crores and we delivered something 
11,300, 11,400 crores. The year before that was a similar; we had given a conservative and were 
able to exceed. We understood that the kind of sales we have achieved in FY'24 is very, very 
high quality which has given us the confidence to kind of step out and give a relatively much 
higher guidance, which is about 15,000 crores. And I think fair to say with that kind of guidance, 
we will see a continued good trajectory of operating cash and there beyond. Now, the second 
bucket which is mostly on our ability to invest and how we are seeing debt and all, I think we 
have always maintained in every earnings call that our gearing ratio that we are comfortable is 
between 0.5 to 1:1. I think we were 0.72 in Q3, in Q4, we have become 0.62. In fact, this is the 
first quarter in the recent quarters where we have close to 700 crores of free cash flow or 
something which previous questions were being asked. So, I think if we continue to be prudent 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
we calibrate our investment strategy to opportunity. we will maintain 0.5 and 1:1 with the net 
debt never crossing above 10,000 crores. So, I think it's purely the growth momentum, strong 
asset management, very strong quality of sales and monitoring of that which is resulting into this 
opportunity to have a continued trajectory of aggressive growth. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First again is on Vikhroli. So, post Godrej Vistas launch, we can see only one project which is 
left with Godrej & Boyce. So, that's the only project where we have MoU in place right now and 
then for the rest of the project, MoUs will follow up on time-to-time basis, is that understanding, 
right? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, the MoU is for the whole land. So, we have an MoU in place for the whole Vikhroli land, 
that as Godrej & Boyce wants to develop individual parts of it. It will be developed through the 
DM. We have Godrej Vistas currently under development as you rightly pointed out as another 
identified parcel which is in a planning stage and hopefully will be available to be launched 
immediately upon Godrej Vistas completing. There is of course a lot of other land that could 
potentially come up for development. It would not be appropriate for me to comment on that in 
detail at this stage. As we get more visibility on exact plans from Godrej & Boyce, we will of 
course share them as the correct time. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Anything that gets developed in the Vikhroli land would be through us as per the MoU, right? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
That's right. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Secondly on the micro market, so NCR, MMR, we did well. what's your view on Pune and 
Bangalore. Specifically, FY'25 does look great for Bangalore in terms of launches. So, can we 
assume like Pune sustaining the same run rate and Bangalore contributing to material growth 
next year that we are targeting? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think you could actually count on both showing strong growth in the year ahead. I think as we 
look at 27,000 crores, we look to have another strong year in NCR and Mumbai. Gaurav spoke 
a little bit about the Mumbai pipeline. I've mentioned in NCR, this 10,000 crores number from 
FY'24 was largely on the back of three launches. We have the potential for six in FY'25. In 
Bangalore, I think we have a very strong pipeline and actually it was a little bit of a timing slip 
where a big launch in particular slipped out of the year, we could have had a much better FY'24 
as well, we are quite confident that seeing a big number in Bangalore in FY'25. And Pune also, 
we have a few new projects that we are looking forward to bringing to market that are already 
in the portfolio. And it will be an area of focus from a business development perspective as well. 
And just to add to that, of course, we also have an entirely new market, which contributed 
nothing in FY'24, which is Hyderabad market. So, between all of those, we think there's good 
visibility of us getting to this 27,000 crores number. 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And underlying assumption for FY'25 would be MMR and NCR sustaining the run rate that they 
had done in FY'24 or there is a growth incorporated for these two markets as well in those 
numbers? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
We will have hefty growth in these markets as well certainly. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Just lastly on the imputed margins, we see 27% kind of EBITDA margins. Was that margins 
tilted by a large contribution from NCR either upside or downside or how do you expect this 
margin trajectory going ahead considering other markets like Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad 
start contributing to little larger extent? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think it's perhaps a little bit dependent on market conditions, but I think overall these kind of 
margins we are expecting to be I think 25% to 30% is a reasonable expectation. As Gaurav said, 
plotted development might be a little bit higher than that. But I don't think the geographic mix 
will necessarily change things very significantly. It's more the project mix within each city. I 
think if you have more IM projects and so forth or more outright own projects, both can have an 
impact, but I would not expect that if we do more in Bangalore, for example, this year, that 
would have any kind of negative impact on margin. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
If I just add on like I mentioned sometime back whenever we underwrite transactions, our return 
thresholds from underwriting is more or less same for all markets. Yes, of course it's the 
opportunity, finally when you hit the market, your ability to take price upside in certain markets, 
creates more acceleration. But I think from a long-term if you try and see, our aspiration and 
direction from BD is to have geographic-agnostic similar kind of return profile. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of (Jatin Kalra) from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Tayal: 
This is Kunal. It's great to see the pro forma P&L out there. My first question is once again going 
back to the imputed EBIT margin. Just want to broadly understand, is the 27% number that 
you've registered for FY'24 broadly synchronized with the kind of opportunities you see out 
there on an ongoing basis? I am trying to understand if all the price increase which has happened 
in several of the markets over the past 12, 18 months, is this already captured in this 27% or does 
it start to play out from here? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think this is on actual sales during the year. So, the price increases across some of the projects 
would be captured in this. I think it's important to keep in mind that we have seen a price increase 
in the sector. But honestly this is very much exactly what was kind of expected at this stage of 
the cycle. In fact, if you look at it, I think the price increase or the pace of price increase is much 
higher in markets like NCR and Bangalore. Some of the Maharashtra markets like Mumbai and 
Pune, we haven't really seen that level of price increase yet. We might see those markets continue 
to pick up. So, overall I think this margin at least in the near term is sustainable with the project 
portfolio we have, we'd hope to maintain or improve that. 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Kunal: 
And then just again going back to the geographical mix of bookings, NCR has broken through 
the ranks and contributing very nicely to the overall mix. Is that something which should 
continue for the next two to three years as well? I am sure a few percentage points difference 
here and there is okay, but overall, are you looking at the skew tilting in favor of any of the other 
markets in a big fashion or this is a fairly representative trend that we have seen in FY'24? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
See, my view is this comes down to execution by the individual teams in those markets. There 
is no real constraints we see from an umbrella perspective to growth in any of them. Market 
share even in NCR would be relatively modest sales. So, in terms of being able to add to that 
through new projects, I think the opportunity remains immense. I think Gaurav himself was 
running the NCR business and NCR team has been doing very well for many years. But certainly 
there's no inherent right say as to 40% plus of GPL business. So, we will have to execute at a 
very high level. I think the Mumbai team has shown in the 4th Quarter kind of what the potential 
here is as we get more and more projects to the market in Mumbai. I think our Bangalore and 
Pune teams are fully geared up and fully seen the kind of numbers, NCR and Mumbai have had 
this year and certainly have scoped their competitive juices. So, I think all teams have an 
opportunity, these are all big market, we have a relatively modest market share in all of them, 
we have an appetite for growth and we think availability of capital to fund growth in all of this. 
So, it will come down to ability to secure the right business development opportunities ability to 
consistently execute at scale. I would say if you're asking me my opinion for this year, the NCR 
portfolio remains very strong and if market conditions there remain as they have been, that 
probably remains our largest market this year as well. But beyond that, I think it will depend a 
lot on business development in NCR, our ability to replenish the portfolio strongly and of course 
how well the scale up in some of the other areas happen. But overall, I think feeling pretty good 
about each of the key regions contributing strongly this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
On the cash flows, right, we have seen spend on the growth this year or rather land, has been 
higher than our operating cash flow and I understand the OCF will go up as the collections rise, 
but I am assuming the spend on the land too will increase as you do higher BD for the 
replenishment. So, in terms of like funding of this growth, are we confident this will come 
through the internal accruals or would you look at raising capital at any point in time especially 
equity? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think we have no plan for the moment to raise capital. We would never kind of entirely 
rule that out, but certainly don't have any immediate plan for that. I think your point is very valid, 
but I think it's important to keep in mind that we are doing exactly what we said we will do, 
which is we will raise capital first, we will then aggressively go out and do business development 
disproportionate to our then scale and that will result in an increase in debt. And in fact, even 
when we were raising the capital, we said, we think it would be mismanaging the business to 
operate at under a gearing level of 0.5:1 given the kind of opportunities. So, we have done that. 
As a result, I think demonstrated that booking value growth can be very disproportionate through 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
that strategy and we have had now, two years, one year of 55% growth in bookings, one year of 
84%, if you look at as we have shown in the chart, the share of bookings attributable to Godrej 
Properties those growth rates increase further. So, that is going to require investment. Now if we 
slow that down to more 20% kind of growth, the amount of business development you need to 
do as a proportion of your current size will not be as much as it was three or four years ago. So, 
you will see that ratio improving. We are not, however, very fixated as we have said multiple 
times on very large free cash flow generation at this point. We could have obviously generated 
much more free cash than we did last year. We have chosen to invest a little less on business 
development. We think from a long-term value creation perspective, rapid growth and market 
share gains is a much stronger lever for us than kind of in your cash flow generation, because I 
think that scale is giving us huge economies of scale, huge ability to generate cash on a much 
larger base and hopefully a quarter like the one we just had is indicative that when things are 
firing you will see free cash given with a lot of business development and that's certainly the 
goal, but we would quite intentionally not say that we will limit this development to ensuring 
that it is throw us the free cash because we don't see that as a requirement. We think the company 
has a strategic advantage in its access to capital, including debt of low cost and then having some 
debt on the balance sheet is an entirely intelligent part of making the best of the opportunity for 
growth that's available in the sector. As Gaurav rightly pointed out, we don't want to get carried 
away with that logic and have a balance sheet that puts the company under any kind of stress, 
which is why we have indicated this range of 0.5:1. But honestly, if we were seeing free cash 
flow generation becoming so high that the debt was rapidly coming below 0.5:1 that could be 
assigned to us to look at increasing investments. But of course also calibrating and making sure 
that we are quite comfortable with the investment. We don't want to just be making investments 
to make investments. We have to be confident that we are making the right investment at the 
right time in this cycle that we are confident that irrespective of how market turns, we will still 
be able to generate the return on those investments. So, I think all of those are factors in our 
mind as we kind of look to calibrate business development versus free cash generation. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
On the restructuring, so on the non-compete right, any restrictions for GPL on signing projects 
in say locations in central suburbs, which are in and around Vikhroli outside of the land owned 
by G&B, any restrictions for us? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, there are absolutely no restrictions on GPL or any kind to do any kind of property 
development in any part of the country or any part of the world for that matter. I think what some 
of the media has reported that there could be competition from another Godrej group, real estate 
company, etc., is also entirely inaccurate. As I've explained, Godrej & Boyce development using 
the Godrej brand will be limited to land already owned today. The biggest of which is of course 
Vikhroli which will be developed through Godrej Properties. And the reciprocal or the business 
that they have is their forte that we cannot is construction where we cannot use the Godrej brand 
even after six years, except of course, when we are doing our own captive construction, there's 
no prohibition against that. 

 
Godrej Properties Limited 
May 03, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I hope we have been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further questions or 
would like any additional information, we'd be happy to be of assistance. On behalf of the 
management, I once again thank you for taking the time to join us today. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
