 
ISGEC 
 
ISGEC HEAVY ENGINEERING LTD. 
Date: June 05, 2024 
H0-425-S 
To, 
SSE Ltd. 
Floor 25, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Company Scrip Code: 533033 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s), 
To, 
A-4, Sector-24,
Naida - 201 301 (U.P.) India 
(GST No.: 09AAACT5540K2Z4) 
Tel.: +91-120-4085000/01102 
Fax: +91-120-2412250 
E-mail: corpcomm@isgec.com
www.isgec.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Company Symbol: ISGEC 
Furnishing of information in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of Jndja (ListinË 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
Subject:- Transcript of the Conference Call to discuss the financial performance of the Company for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31. 2 024 
1.
This is in continuation of our intimation dated May 21, 2024 and in compliance with Regulation 30
and any other applicable regulation(s) read with Para-A of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of Conference Call organized on Thursday,
May 30, 2024 at 04:00 p.m. i.e., 16:00 hours (1ST) to discuss on the financial performance of the
Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2024.
2.
This intimation is being disclosed on the website of the Company at www.ls1,1cc.com.
3.
The above is for your information and records, please.
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
For Isgec Heavy Engineering Limited 
Sachin Saluja 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A24269 
Address: A-4, Sector-24 
Noida-201301, Uttar Pradesh 
 
Encl.: As above 
Officer 
Regd. Office: Radaur Road, Yamunanagar 135 001 (Haryana) India 
CIN: L23423HR1933PLC000097 
SACHIN SALUJA
Digitally signed by SACHIN 
SALUJA 
Date: 2024.06.05 15:04:23 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
“ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited  
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call”
May 30, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ADITYA PURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. KISHORE CHATNANI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SANJAY GULATI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
HEAD OF MANUFACTURING UNITS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited Q4 and 
FY24 Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good evening. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome you 
all for the Q4 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call of ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited. From 
the management today, we have with us, Mr. Aditya Puri, Managing Director; Mr. Kishore 
Chatnani, Whole Time Director and CFO; and Mr. Sanjay Gulati, Whole Time Director and 
Head of Manufacturing units. 
Without further delay, I would hand over the call to management for brief opening remarks 
which should be followed up by Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Aditya Puri: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our Earnings Conference 
Call. I hope that you and you loved ones are all well and safe. We look forward to a constructive 
interaction with you. We had a good financial year and prospects for the next year are also 
promising. Our quarterly and annual financial results were published yesterday. We have 
uploaded our presentation on BSE, NSE and our website, www.isgsec.com. 
I will now provide a briefing on the performance during the year. 
Annual financials 
The standalone revenue for FY24 is INR4,906 crores compared to INR4,687 crores for FY23, 
that is higher by 5%. The standalone profit before tax for FY24 rose by 30% at INR304 crores 
compared to INR234 crores for the 12 months of FY23. The consolidated revenue for FY24 is 
INR6,245 crores compared to INR6,412 crores for FY23, that is lower by about 2.6%. The 
consolidated profit before tax for FY24 is INR354 crores compared to INR290 crores for FY23, 
that is higher by 22%. 
Borrowings 
The fund position has improved substantially. On a standalone basis, we closed FY24 with a net 
surplus of INR45 crores as compared to a net borrowing of INR308 crores as of 31st March 
2023. The consolidated net borrowing has also significantly reduced to INR594 crores on 31st 
March 2024 as compared to INR1,032 crores as on 31st March 2023 that is lower by 43%. 
Order booking 
 The orders in hand position is comfortable. Consolidated orders in hand as on 31st March 2024 
is INR7,905 crores. Of the consolidated order book, 71% is for the project business and 29% is 

ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Page 3 of 17 
Moderator: 
Digant Haria: 
Aditya Puri: 
from the manufacturing business. The order book includes INR1,047 crores for international 
orders, which is about 13%. The order book includes the order book of ISGEC Hitachi Zosen, 
which is very good. It has INR1,048 crores of orders as on 31st March 2024.The order book is 
well diversified across various sectors and customers.  
Market demand 
The overall demand trend is encouraging, and the inquiry position continues to be robust, export 
inquiries have also picked up.  
Philippines project 
As informed to the shareholders and stock exchanges, the plant commenced commercial 
production in April 2024. There are still some balance works to be completed, such as internal 
roads and part of the boundary wall, et cetera. The plant has produced about 3 million litres of 
ethanol up to now. Initially, the plant functioned on sugarcane and feedstock, after completion 
of the sugarcane season the plant has been operating, although at lower capacity and molasses 
as feedstock. We will shift to sugarcane as feedstock in the next sugarcane season starting 
November 2024.  
My colleagues and I will be happy to answer any questions. Thank you. 
Our first question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. 
My question is that for the next 1 year, which is FY25, what are our strategic business priority 
as a company. I'm asking this question, sir, because see, our order book has not been growing at 
all in the last 2 years. Then our revenues for this year are more or less flat across product, project, 
and sugar division. Then our margins in the project division have also declined. Working capital 
still remains quite high versus our own history. 
And we are in the best environment for this heavy engineering kind of business ever in the last 
7-8 years. So just wanted to know how do we look at all these things? Why is ISGEC showing 
completely different picture from what the cycle and other competitors like L&T, Thermax are 
doing? 
As we've actually spoken on the conference calls earlier, we have adopted a strategy of not going 
into very long-duration projects because there are lots of uncertainties associated with them. The 
site works are not totally in our control, the labour shortages, weather problems all those sorts 
of things. So we have decided deliberately to go into low duration projects and high-technology 
linked projects on the project site. 
And keeping that in mind, our order book is very, very comfortable, and we are very well booked 
in the sectors that we want to be. So, our technology-linked projects and our manufacturing is 
very well booked, and we are confident that things are going to improve fast. So, our strategy is 
very clear. We need a higher order book if we're going to do long-duration projects. If we are 
doing shorter duration projects, we can be comfortable with a lower order book, and we've been 
selective about booking orders. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Digant Haria: 
Great sir, so what is the benefit of shorter duration projects? 
Aditya Puri: 
So working capital is an advantage, uncertainties in commodity pricing is an advantage. Over a 
long duration, the risk is more, and working capital and payment cycle is an advantage. We are, 
going to be doing some investment in the manufacturing sector, so as to increase output. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. Sir, final two questions. Sir, in this manufacturing, how much capacity will we increase? 
Can we expect some 5%-10% growth in the coming year? In the manufacturing? 
Aditya Puri: 
Yes, more than that. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay, sir. And because now we are taking shorter duration projects in the projects division, so 
our project margin is currently at 3.9% for the last year. So shouldn't that at least go to 6%, which 
has been our aspiration since some time? 
Aditya Puri: 
Yes. Gradually, we'll move towards that. Long duration orders will finish, and margins will start 
improving. 
Digant Haria: 
Sir over large FGD and rail orders and all those where material handling was supposed to get 
over by March '24. So are there still some pending? Or is more or less near the end? 
Aditya Puri: 
So we are very near to end, but what happened in the long duration projects is that you also have 
to depend on the customer for his input. For instance, he doesn't have land available, or he is not 
ready with the civil work or he has got some other agency working in that area you can't work. 
Most of the projects are now near completion, and almost all should be completed in the next 
few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nidhi Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Nidhi Shah: 
So my first question is on the order book outlook? What do you think is the outlook for the 
upcoming year? 
Aditya Puri: 
The order book is very good. And we don't foresee any shortage of orders. 
Nidhi Shah: 
Could you possibly be able to give a number in terms of inflow and then what your backlog 
would look like? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
I can just tell you firstly from the basis of the inquiries that we have. So we have more than 
enough inquiries and thankfully and with a lot of effort, export inquiries are also pretty good. 
We have booked better-than-normal orders in this first quarter, the quarter that is ongoing, April 
and May. Also, we have most of the orders that we expect to execute during the current year, we 
already have those orders. 
 
So, we won't be able to give you a number of how much order booking we will be doing during 
the current year, but we expect it to be certainly much more than what we booked in the last 
year. 

ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Page 5 of 17 
Nidhi Shah: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Nidhi Shah: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Nidhi Shah: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Moderator: 
Siddharth: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Siddharth: 
Aditya Puri: 
All right. You mentioned that you have quite a few orders in hand already since the start of this 
quarter. Do you have a number for that possibly? 
Ma’am, it's not appropriate to give out the number. There are orders which are finalized. There 
are orders in which the advances are yet to be received. So though the orders are there, we 
count the orders only when the advances are received. As I mentioned to you, the pace is a 
little higher than our normal quarterly pace. 
All right. And the plant in Philippines, what do you think would be the contribution from that in 
the upcoming year? 
So, the plant started operation as we mentioned, in April. Typically, sugarcane finishes around 
that time. And so, it ran for a few days on sugarcane. Then ran for some time on molasses. Now 
the real production and real contribution will come next season when the sugarcane season starts 
again, sometime end of October, early November, till then we'll be running it on molasses, but 
it probably won’t be on the full capacity. The real contributions that we will see comes from the 
sugarcane and that you will see from October and November onwards. 
Right. And would it be possible you gave a number for this year? And then what do you think 
would be the number for the upcoming year in the season that is between the last 2 quarters? 
I don't think we are able to give you a number at this time. 
Our next question is from the line of Siddharth from MK Ventures. 
This is Siddharth here from MK Ventures. Sir, my first question is on overall outlook. Am I 
audible? 
Yes, yes. 
So we are seeing a surge in terms of order intake and order inflows for other capital good 
companies in the same space and execution also has been very robust across companies in this 
space. Our order intake, if I see for last 2 quarters at least has been lower than the execution. 
And the full year execution, if you see the revenues up 4% Y-o-Y on a stand-alone basis, consol 
basis is minus 3%. This is lower than the guidance which you gave last quarter also in the concall. 
So any challenges we are facing in terms of taking fresh orders or in terms of execution, anything 
you want to highlight or probably, if you can give a guidance for the next 2-3 years, what kind 
of scale up is possible in the base business, the manufacturing and the EPC business? 
So the revenue increased by 4%-5% because capital goods is cyclical, but we expect this year to 
have a much higher growth in revenues. And as far as the consolidated results are concerned, 
primarily it was because of two reasons. One reason was that in the sugar business, the 
government gave lower releases of sugar and did not allow export of sugar. So the revenue in 
the sugar sector fell, we were not allowed by government to sell. 
So that's the primary reason for the fall in the consolidated revenue. Also, in ISGEC Hitachi 
Zosen, there was an equipment which was to be shipped, it actually shipped in April or May 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 6 of 17 
 
within the contractual delivery, so the revenue shifted in April or May because of some shipping 
problems. But these are the two primary reasons. There's no fundamental problem that we faced 
because of which the revenues were lower. 
Siddharth: 
So I understand the cap goods is a cyclical industry, but I also feel that it's a very strong up cycle, 
which you are seeing. So can you quantify the growth aspiration at least for next couple of years, 
sir, what kind of revenue growth on a stand-alone basis, can we see, say, in FY25, FY26? Both 
on order intake and on execution side? 
Aditya Puri: 
We will see a double-digit growth. 
Siddharth: 
Okay, okay. Sir, on the margin front, sir, the EPC margins have been low for quite some time 
for many years now. We made 3.5%-4% EBITDA margins in the EPC business, hardly any 
company is making this kind of EBITDA margin. 
 
Most of the companies are at least 8% to 10%-12%, if not 15% to 18%, so what is the aspiration 
for us in this space? Because if we see the working capital intensity, we will not really make any 
money or any meaningful ROCE in the EPC business at these margins. So if you can just guide 
say, maybe it will take time, but over, say, next 3 years, what kind of aspirational EBITDA 
margin do we expect in the EPC business? 
Aditya Puri: 
We are very clear that we will not take any future order, which will give a margin of less than 
7%-8% on an EBITDA basis. In the project business. 
Siddharth: 
Okay, sure. And sir, lastly, if you can share some kind of outlook, some kind of numbers for the 
Philippines business, sir? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
I think we would want to share that closer to in the next season starting, next sugarcane season 
starting. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Renjith from Mahindra Mutual Fund. 
Renjith: 
Yes. Sir, your cash flow from operations have improved, but it's largely coming from this 
increase in other current liabilities. So other current liabilities, if I look, it is around INR2,359 
crores compared to INR1,401 crores. 
 
So what has been the main reason for this increase in other current liabilities? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
We are able to get better payment terms from our customers. So as Mr. Puri mentioned, we are 
shifting into more technology intensive projects business. Even in the manufacturing of 
machinery and equipment where we are able to get higher advances from customers and payment 
terms from the project business for the new orders, certainly, because you will know that earlier, 
and this is something we've heard from a lot of analysts like you, and it's actually correct also 
that in the long duration orders where there are milestone-based payments the cash flows are 
delayed. 

ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Page 7 of 17 
So after we have started changing the texture of the order book for EPC, this has improved. So 
we were able to get higher advances from customers. And what appears in the balance sheet as 
unearned revenue. Both of these things come under the other current liabilities. 
Renjith: 
Okay. So do you believe that this is some kind of a steady trend. It is not a one-off kind of thing? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
It is not one-off because the nature of the orders that we are booking, the payment terms on 
which we are looking is changing. We have taken advice from friends like you, who have told 
us to look at working capital cycles more carefully. So, I think that impact is showing. 
Renjith: 
And when I see your receivable, it's around INR2,928 crores. So of that, how much that FGD-
related is the major chunk which has been there? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
I'm telling you a number, but it may be off by some order. So, about INR400 crores is what is 
remaining of 2 large FGD orders, which are going to be completed during the current year. 
There are two more, one of them is pretty large FGD order, which is going to be completed the 
following year. So, I don't remember the numbers on that, but the two orders which are going to 
get completed this year, INR400 crores is the number, and that INR400 crores is going to be 
recovered this year. 
Renjith: 
Okay. So of this INR2,928 crores of receivables, is it fair to assume that large chunk will be of 
that FGD order, which we have already completed and we are yet to receive payment? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
It is not fully complete in the sense of the milestones to be achieved. But these two particular 
orders that I don't want to name the customer, it's not fair. But INR400 crores relates to those, 
so we normally have as this EPC order book changes shape to lower duration orders than earlier, 
we will see that what is classified under receivables as milestone payments or retention payments 
that will keep on coming down. And I would expect it to come down substantially during this 
current year. 
Renjith: 
Okay. Great. And sir one thing, I wanted to understand that WHR is coming out to be a very 
good space. And in our order book, is there any WHR related from cement, steel and all these 
industries, are we there as a major player? 
Aditya Puri: 
Yes. We are there, and we have many orders in that field, we completed one of the biggest 
cement waste heat boilers in the world, we commissioned for an Indian customer. 
Renjith: 
Okay. And sir, we also hear regarding huge CapEx from steel and oil and gas, refineries, and all. 
So because you will be hearing at least in terms of inquiry levels, are you seeing activity from 
steel and oil and gas refineries, is that something which we are also excited about? 
Aditya Puri: 
Yes, we are excited about it. And we've got a very good order book even in our subsidiary ISGEC 
Hitachi Zosen which caters a lot to the oil and gas and our own Pressure Equipment division, 
where we have very good orders from the oil and gas sector. And yes, the prospects are bright, 
you're right about that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rabindranath from Sunidhi Securities. 

ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Page 8 of 17 
Rabindranath: 
Sir, what is the legacy order size now in our total order book, which are having low margin 
orders? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
About INR2,000 crores-INR2,200 crores, something like that. 
Ravindranath: 
Okay, and sir, it is good that you have concentrated on the short cycle orders. So among the 7 
segments of order book, we are giving. So which of these segments do we see a significant 
decline due to this change in strategy of short-cycle orders. So I observed that power sector 
orders have come down substantially. So is that the one of the segments or any other segment 
you can highlight, which will see significant decline in the order inflow or in order book going 
ahead due to this change in strategy? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
So as we mentioned earlier, when we say power sector, we are not actually supplying power 
plants. We are actually supplying the flue gas de-sulphurisation systems and other kinds of air 
pollution control equipment. So in our experience, FGD projects typically turn out to be much 
longer than what they appear when you book them. They are initially itself long duration, maybe 
3 years or 3.5 years, and they actually take more time than that. 
So we are no longer booking fresh FGD orders, but we are booking on multiple other 
technologies, such as Dry Sorbent Injection and some other technologies, which are lower 
duration, they are for smaller power plants, typically 210-megawatts, and multiples of 210 
megawatts. So I think Mr. Puri mentioned a little while earlier, the order book may look a little 
lower, but its execution time is faster. So one should actually expect a positive impact on the 
revenue rather than lowering of revenue. You should expect the revenue to go up faster because 
shorter duration orders are to be executed. 
Ravindranath: 
Okay. And again, sir, what Renjith has asked about this question regarding these current 
liabilities and other current assets, so because the order inflow, if I'm calculating correctly, it is 
lower than in FY22 order inflow. So based upon that, the advances from the customer would 
have come down. And that means your unearned revenue has gone up substantially. 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Advance from customers have also gone up, and unearned revenue has certainly gone up. Both 
of them have gone up and significantly. Advances from customers have also gone up 
significantly. 
Ravindranath: 
Okay. Sir from where this unearned revenue is coming sir, among all these 7 segments from 
where this unearned revenue is coming substantially? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Specific to payment terms on certain orders, what is the milestone on which we are supposed to 
build and how does the cost accrue. So because as you know, revenue is recognized as a 
proportion to the cost incurred compared to the total cost. And the billing is agreed with the 
customer based on certain milestones. 
This is actually a positive mismatch. In the sense rather than giving more credit to the customer 
if you are able to collect before you are spending, I think that is better. 

ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
May 30, 2024 
Page 9 of 17 
Ravindranath: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Aditya Puri: 
Ravindranath: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Ravindranath: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Ravindranath: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Ravindranath: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Ravindranath: 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Moderator: 
Manish: 
Okay. So that means whether railway, refineries or chemical, petrol, whether you are getting 
advance payments more or it is across the segments you are getting it? 
It is actually specific to every particular order. We don't have too many new railway orders. 
We don't have too many railway orders. I think the point that Mr. Chatnani has also just made is 
that in the market where there is no bidding, we are able to secure better payment terms because 
ISGEC is now more established as a brand known for its timely delivery and quality. 
Okay. And sir, regarding the Philippines project, you mentioned that it is going to be 
commissioned this quarter. So what is the total gross block addition due to this in this quarter? 
95% would be appearing in CWIP. 
So that means it will not be commissioned in this quarter as well? 
It has been commissioned in this quarter. 
Okay. That means it will be appearing in the gross block from this quarter onwards. 
That's right. 
Okay. So what is the total commissioning gross block for this quarter? 
I don't have the number because it has to be worked out from Philippines and then audited and 
all of that. 
So any revenue guidance from this project for this quarter? 
I think Mr. Puri mentioned that we have up to now sold about 3 million litres of bioethanol. 
Average rate is about INR120 a litre. 
Our next question is from the line of Manish from Thinqwise Wealth Manager LLP. 
Okay. Sir, just on the order book, what we see is that the order book mix has improved with now 
manufacturing portion accounting for higher share from 21% to 29%. But that large part of the 
growth is largely driven by Hitachi JV order book increase, which has doubled in last 1 year 
from INR500-odd crores to INR1,048 crores what we mentioned. 
So sir, now going forward, you have been saying in recent past that JV has not been making 
even the company average margins, what we have delivered like we have already reached 12% 
at a stand-alone level. So going forward, can we expect that now we see better margins? 
And what kind of margins we can see, sir? Because our standalone numbers have been quite 
good in terms of our core business, but somehow on a consolidated basis, it looks quite subdued. 
So and large part of the growth in the order book is from our JV and second observation also is 
that the international share has also increased. So I believe part of it would be due to Hitachi JV, 
am I right, sir? if you can clarify both things. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Aditya Puri: 
Sanjay, would you like to answer that about ISGEC Hitachi Zosen? 
Sanjay Gulati: 
Yes. So the joint venture has booked very good orders in this year and that is because we had a 
substantial market available in the year, we booked these orders at better margins than we were 
able to book in the previous years. And so we expect the profits of the JV to increase. The profits, 
of course, in terms of percentage have increased substantially from the previous year, but we 
expect them to further increase to come to the normal manufacturing margins that we have for 
ISGEC standalone. And the second question was regarding the exports, so yes, there is a lot of 
growth in the export orders in the JV, but this year, more than 50% of the orders were from 
overseas. 
Aditya Puri: 
And also, we are seeing a good traction, and we expect to do better in order booking in exports 
even outside of the JV, in the main company. 
Manish: 
Okay. Sir, as you mentioned that Hitachi has done well in the current year. So maybe if you can 
share the numbers because when I look consolidated minus standalone for the manufacturing 
segment, probably I don't see that significant improvement. So maybe if you can share the 
Hitachi JV numbers and what kind of margins, we can look forward to in FY25 and FY26. 
Aditya Puri: 
So this year, the JV has done better than the previous year. And this current year is going to be 
substantially better than the previous year, the year which has just gone by. 
Kishore Chatnani: 
The current year is going to be certainly much better. Last year, the revenue was down. You 
were right, Manish Ji, so as Mr. Sanjay Gulati mentioned, we have booked wonderful, good 
orders for the JV this year, and you can expect to see much better numbers from JV this year. 
Manish: 
Wonderful, sir. And maybe also, as we are discussing JV, if you can give some insights on how 
Eagle Press has done? And are we seeing a turnaround over there? 
Aditya Puri: 
Eagle Press has a problem of booking orders. And as of now, we do see orders coming in, but 
we will be able to tell you more in the next quarter. As of now, the situation is a little uncertain 
because orders are just not getting decided although in the last few weeks have seen some orders 
coming close to finalization, but not yet finalized. But next quarter, we'll be able to give you 
better guidance on Eagle. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from Green Lantern Capital LLP. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Yes. Sir, when we observe the space, especially the fabrication industry and product 
manufacturing in your area, and when we look at the peers in the industry like L&T, Anup 
Engineering and many and including their order book, what we observe is that the revenue 
potential for growth rate is almost 20%-25% plus CAGR over the next 3 to 5 years. 
 
Whereas you are saying a possibility of a double-digit growth in the current year. So just trying 
to understand, do we have a manufacturing facility constraint to grow that kind of growth rate? 
Or when you say double digit, I really don't understand. Is it 10%, 20% or what it is? 
 
If you can help us to understand, please. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Kishore Chatnani: 
We are actually cautious when we talk about anything, when we say double digit, it starts from 
10%, but we are hoping to do closer to 15% this year. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Yes. And second is, as a normal prudent investor information practice is it possible for you to 
give large orders as and when you get on to the exchanges, please? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
We can. We have a board decided policy of some threshold, it's a different threshold for EPC 
companies and different for manufacturing, EPC orders and the project orders and the 
manufacturing, but yes, we can, and I have heard you, so we will try and do that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ruchi Jain from Asit C. Mehta Investment Interrmediates. 
Ruchi Jain: 
One question that I would like to ask you that in FY25, that is in the next year, on a consolidated 
basis, any kind of give us a bit idea that what kind of order inflow in terms of crores that you are 
expecting numbers wise? Because we have seen your outstanding order book so far is INR7,900 
crores. So we want to get an idea, what kind of order inflow that we expect in the next 1 or 2 
years kind of thing? 
Aditya Puri: 
So I think it depends lot on the macro economy.  
Kishore Chatnani: 
So the economy is good for sure. I think it's not only for us as many of you have been pointing 
out for all the engineering companies. 
 
The export market is now turning around for us, and we expect to book higher orders from the 
export market. I think Mr. Puri mentioned earlier that we're trying not to do longer duration 
orders, particularly in exports. The reason we have lesser number of orders because we are no 
longer taking any order where there is significant site work or significant construction. 
 
Any civil work, we are not taking those orders. And we are now expecting to book larger export 
orders where our responsibility is to supply the machinery, supply the equipment. The customer 
gets it installed under our supervision, but at his cost and his risk under our supervision. And 
after that, we take responsibility for the plant that gets set up. So because of this, you are asking 
for specific numbers, how much the order booking is going to be this year and the next year. 
 
We are unable to give you numbers, but we can give you the perspective, the demand position 
is good, ISGEC products are well in demand, and besides the domestic market, besides the PSUs, 
private sector companies are investing, and we are getting our share of inquiries from them, and 
we expect to do better in export this year, for sure. 
Ruchi Jain: 
You may not be able to share the ballpark number for at least in FY25, but we can assume that 
the way with the economy and that is doing well, at least if the things are stable, then you can 
continue to maintain the runway that you did in the last year. You have already given in your 
quarterly presentation, quarter-wise order book, that's what you have mentioned. So at least you 
continue to maintain that if the things are stable as far as economy is concerned that we can 
assume? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Kishore Chatnani: 
I think I have already mentioned that we are hoping to do closer to 15% in terms of revenue 
growth for the year, and order book, we have mentioned we have booked reasonable orders in 
April and May. So we are not able to give out numbers. 
Ruchi Jain: 
Okay. Okay. Agree, sir. And as far as margin is concerned, as you are saying that you want to 
have some kind of at least 8% kind of margin that you want to maintain, right? That's what 
you've already earlier mentioned. So just I am once again, reconfirming the same. 
Kishore Chatnani: 
That is the objective, fresh orders that we are booking we are trying for those kinds of margins. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Anshul Saigal from Saigal Company. 
Anshul Saigal: 
You mentioned that we have legacy orders of roughly INR2,000 crores to INR2,200 crores, 
which are long duration. Firstly, by when do these orders come off the order book, first is that? 
And second, as these orders come off the book, should we expect a step jump in margin because 
these will be lower margin business? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
So out of this, maybe about INR 700-800 crores will continue into the following year and will 
be completed in the following year. The balance, INR 1,400-1,500 crores will get completed 
during the current year. So there is going to be an increase. It is not going to look like a step 
jump this year, it might look like a step jump in the next year. There is going to be an increase 
in margins. It's not going to look like a step jump this year. 
Anshul Saigal: 
Got it. Second, your stated objective of going to 7%-8% margins in the projects business. Can 
one expect that in the last quarter of this year, that is the runoff quarter, we will see that kind of 
a margin play through in the business? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
I wouldn't expect that to happen, because orders when you book, and the revenue and execution 
takes place over time. I don't think the quarterly numbers may show those numbers. 
Anshul Saigal: 
All right. Third, if you look at our project business, we are at about INR3,500 crores of revenues 
from projects, and this will have a component of boilers as well, I will assume that the boilers 
business is a higher-margin business, and it should be in the range of INR1,000 crores to 
INR2,000 crores. Now if boilers are higher-margin business, how is it that you're doing 3.5% in 
projects? And even an 8% margin structure in projects, the ambition of 8% looks quite 
conservative. In fact, the margin should be closer to manufacturing margins given how this 
business works. Could you throw some light on that please? 
Aditya Puri: 
No, I don't think the boiler margins are at double-digit numbers anywhere. I really don't think 
so, unless it's commoditized boilers. And as Mr. Chatnani has said, the quarters from the next 
financial year you will see a difference in the margins of the project business. 
Anshul Saigal: 
All right. My final question in manufacturing, you've given some color on what margin structure 
you would expect in projects. What kind of a margin structure would you expect in 
manufacturing going forward? 
Aditya Puri: 
10% to 12%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Anshul Saigal: 
10% to 12%. And similar sort of growth as you're expecting for the company as a whole, which 
is about 15%? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Yes. 
Anshul Saigal: 
All right. And just a request, finally. It will be great if we can do some meetings personally 
because it gives a better perspective to us analysts to understand the business if you meet 
personally. If some sort of a mechanism can be formulated around that, I'll be grateful as also 
the other investor community. Just a comment, please. 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Thank you for the suggestion. We'll certainly look into it. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mayandra Jain from Way2Wealth. 
Mayandra Jain: 
Sir, my question is regarding the Philippines plant. What is our strategy in longer term, like we 
are going to get out of that? And can you just highlight something on that? Like what is our plan 
regarding this? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
So we have, completed the plant with the intention to run it. Our understanding and estimation 
is that we can recover our money by running it. We are certainly open to selling it if we get a 
reasonable price. But I mean we are open to both the ideas of running it as well as hiving it off. 
Mayandra Jain: 
Okay. My second question is that, as you mentioned that we are moving into high-end 
technology and short duration projects and all this. So are we coming out with some new 
products or we are applying something new technology in what sense that and it will be 
applicable to which industry you are talking, previously we were working, how it will be 
different from the previous things like? 
Aditya Puri: 
So what will be different will be that in a project there is some amount of construction that 
happens. There is a project in which there is some amount of civil work that happens. But we 
will be limiting ourselves to taking those projects where the civil work and construction is a 
lower percentage of the total production value. And where ISGEC can add some engineering 
value to the project. So it could be like boilers, it could be sugar machinery, it could be material 
handling. It could be a few other areas that we are in. So those are the areas where we can give 
a solution, which is largely dependent on our engineering skills. 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Let me add to that. So for example, in boilers, we have got three different new additional 
products like tail gas fired boilers, Flue Gas coolers. So we are actually constantly developing 
on newer products, in all of these with our own products as well as there is now a lot of focus 
on different technologies for air pollution control. 
 
So we are working a lot on Dry Sorbent Injection as a technology for power plants to control 
their emissions. We are working on higher levels of electrostatic precipitators, certainly a lot 
more work on bag filters. In the case of sugar plants and machinery, a few years ago, we were 
only doing molasses-based distilleries. We are now doing grain-based distilleries.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Aditya Puri: 
And energy conservation, waste heat, so we're doing a lot of things based on waste heat and even 
in sugar industry we are working a lot on reducing energy consumption. Energy means electricity 
and heat. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ashwani Sharma from Emkay Global Financial Service. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Sir, in your 15% growth revenue guidance that you have given, what will be the contribution 
from Philippines plants in that? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Ashwani ji, we were talking about stand-alone firstly. Secondly, I was very careful when I said 
double digit, we are hoping for closer to 15%. So I'm sticking with what I said. This was on the 
standalone basis. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Okay. So let me put it this way. So earlier, our guidance was INR500 crores from Philippines 
plant. So will we see that number in FY25? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
Let me tell you the question that we had answered was, what is the revenue potential of the 
Philippines plant on an annual basis? 
 
So that was the question the answer remains true today that with the plant capacity at 42 million 
one can assume that out of 42 million, 40 million can be produced and that will roughly turn out 
to closer to INR480 crores to INR500 crores in terms of the revenue on an annual basis. So the 
plant has started. Some revenue is coming in this quarter, we have to see as it goes on.  
Ashwani Sharma: 
So you're saying that some work needs to be completed. So if I may ask on a cumulative basis, 
total investment in the Philippines plant? 
Aditya Puri: 
Yes, the work that needs to be completed is not related to the operation of the plant. It is certain 
peripheral things like boundary wall, some internal roads, something like that, it is not to do with 
the operation of the plant. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
And the cumulative investment in the Philippines plant? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
So the investment, I don't have the figure in the fashion that you are asking me. In the sense, 
when we took it over, there was some investment earlier and then we borrowed the loan from a 
bank and some money we have put in. I think now that the capitalization will be done in this 
quarter, we'll be able to answer you next time. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Sure, sir. Sir, on the manufacturing side, if I may ask, so obviously, at a company level, the focus 
is there on the manufacturing, what kind of CapEx we will do in FY25? And anything which 
company would have planned to further improve our capabilities or capacities in the 
manufacturing side? 
Aditya Puri: 
So the capital plan is not yet affirmed, but we expect somewhere in the region of INR50 crores 
plus. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Madhu from MK Ventures. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Madhu: 
Good afternoon, Mr. Puri. I think many people have tried, let me try my luck as well. See, you 
have a stellar reputation, we have spoken to a lot of your customers directly and indirectly. But 
what is really surprising while everyone is really painting a very rosy picture including the likes 
of Larsen & Toubro and all about the prospect. 
 
The company somehow in my understanding also is a bit shying away from, and no one wants 
to know what will be the margin in this quarter, next quarter. So can you talk about your 
aspiration? I'm not talking about guidance. Can you talk about your aspiration as to where would 
you like this company to be 3 to 5 years from now? And why is it that the margins have 
consistently remained low for over the years? And is there any structural shift, which is taking 
place to really improve it in a 3-5 year time frame? 
Aditya Puri: 
I think in last question, we have answered, and I will repeat that answer. That, there is a structural 
shift that is happening in the order booking. We have seen that these large duration contracts is 
not something which is fixed for a company like ours. And therefore, cautiously we've taken a 
decision not to book any more long duration projects. 
 
And therefore, as these projects come off our book, we would be doing much better. We are very 
proactive in getting into new products. We are proactive in going up the value chain in certain 
areas, and we are looking at technologies like long-duration energy storage or manufacturer of 
components for green ammonia plants, environmentally friendly. We are trying to be there in 
the critical link of this whole decarbonization process. And the strategy of the company is to 
position itself there. And as Mr. Chatnani mentioned, we are giving a conservative outlook right 
now. And it actually turn out to be a rosier for everybody, I think we'll also be a part of that 
story. 
Madhu: 
Sir, my last question, given your technical expertise and given the opportunity, can we at least 
hope in the next 3- 4-year time frame that we will get to at least 11%-12% kind of EBITDA 
margin, at least, is that what the company is aspiring for? 
Aditya Puri: 
Yes, we are aspiring for that, it looks to be practically possible. 
Madhu: 
But this is all we want to hear. That's it, I think everyone is only wanting to hear that only. And 
because I'll just give you a context, yesterday one building company, which is plain buildings in 
Mumbai declared their results, and their EBITDA margin is 17%. People who are building 
simple roads their margin is 10.5%-11%. So it is very surprising to see an engineering company 
with such complex solution still is operating at 7%-8% EBITDA margin. And that is what is 
baffling to investor like me also who has been around for 30 years. So all of us are only wanting 
to understand only that part. 
Aditya Puri: 
Our strategy is to move to that. 
Madhu: 
Okay. And sir, one last point. It will be a great idea if you could hold an analyst meet where all 
of us could meet you in person to maybe understand the company a little better, and whenever 
you think that opportunity is possible, I would love to travel myself and attend the meeting. 
Aditya Puri: 
We'll certainly look into that; we will try and arrange it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Digant from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: 
Sir, one question is because we have changed our order booking strategy. We are focusing on 
shorter duration and higher tech orders and with more advances. Now the commodity prices 
have started going up again, be it copper, be it iron, steel. And anyhow we saw one shock in 
2022 after the Russia-Ukraine war, and then we really had a hit on our margin, if such a scenario 
plays out, how are we placed this time, sir? 
Aditya Puri: 
No. So this time, unless they actually go up very, very drastically, it's very difficult to hedge 
these metals. And we are in that business, so there is a certain amount of risk that is always 
involved. But because the duration of the projects is much shorter and our ordering cycle is faster 
now, if somebody gives us an order, we are able to order on our vendors faster. 
 
The risk is mitigated to some extent. But that risk would always remain. But I'm very confident 
I know the prices of nickel, copper, aluminium they're showing an upward trend. But till now, 
it's not made any significant dent. We kept the contingencies for that, and we are within that. 
Digant Haria: 
Perfect. Okay, sir. And sir, just one more request I had is that you mentioned that we are right 
there in this whole decarbonization drive. So whenever your team gets time in the presentation, 
if you can just segregate your revenues or your order books into which are these sort of new age 
areas where we are and which are our traditional areas, it will help people like us because yours 
is a very technical sector, and every time we hear something new. So it's not easy for us to figure 
that out. So if you can do that whenever in your presentation. 
Aditya Puri: 
It may not be possible for us. So we may not want to give those numbers out. But what I can say 
is that we are in waste energy. We are consciously seeing that what all can be manufactured or 
what is in our capability to manufacture green ammonia for these new projects, and we are in 
the value chain for that. 
 
So there are lots of other things that happened, whether you call it decarbonization or not, like 
we are able to mark a plant zero liquid discharge, sugar factories in each of our plants. So we 
cannot do a very strict classification, but we have captured the pulse of what we think is going 
to happen or the way the world economy and Indian economy is going to move in terms of 
decarbonization and to see that we are able to offer solutions that fit into that landscape. 
Digant Haria: 
Perfect. That's very detailed explanation. And sir, the last question is, can I get the number for 
advances from customers like we get it in the annual report, but if I can just get the number at 
the consol level, the advances from customers? 
Kishore Chatnani: 
If you really want that, you should wait for our balance sheet to come out. 
Digant Haria: 
Correct, because right now it's part of other liabilities. So fine, I actually will wait for that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Aditya Puri: 
Thank you. Thank you, everybody, for listening to us so patiently and all the best. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ISGEC Heavy Engineering Limited 
 
May 30, 2024 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Disclaimer : This document has been edited for readability purpose. 
