 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
CIN: L70100DL2000PLC104787 
Regd. Off : 13TH FLOOR DR. GOPAL DAS BHAWAN, 28 BARAKHAMBA ROAD, CONNAUGHT PLACE, NEW DELHI- 110001 Phone: 011-49281700 
Corp. Off. : UNIT NO.101,GROUND FLOOR, TOWER-A, SIGNATURE TOWER, SOUTH CITY-1 GURUGRAM HR- 122001Phone: 0124-4398011 
                                                                                      E-mail:  compliance@signatureglobal.in, Website: www.signatureglobal.in 
Date: 23rd May, 2024  
 
 
The Manager  
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department,  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001  
 
Scrip Code : 543990
The Manager  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department  
Exchange Plaza  
5th Floor, Plot no C/1, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Symbol : SIGNATURE
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Call held on 16th May, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
With reference to our letter dated 13th May, 2024 in respect of Investors/Analysts Call dated 16th May, 
2024, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of discussion held during the said 
Investors/Analysts Call. 
 
The aforesaid information shall also be disclosed on the website of the Company at the following 
link/path: 
 
www.signatureglobal.in/investor.php > INVESTOR MEET / PRESENTATION > Transcripts of 
Investor Call 
 
Kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
 
(M R BOTHRA)  
COMPANY SECRETARY  
 
 
Encl: A/a 
MEGHRAJ 
BOTHRA
Digitally signed by MEGHRAJ BOTHRA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1802, 
pseudonym=2B774D5BB4C0A1DF8465C43EF1C0E332C0F0509
C, 
2.5.4.20=1e047b4394bcf4c5de5a2639f513863aef84549a8b2d0
54ffc19a6606d774e57, postalCode=110034, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=C32479CCD87A4EF81E06F955D3A91F5D1B6AE
7532FB94D948A50C7D2B1FF9F20, cn=MEGHRAJ BOTHRA 
Date: 2024.05.23 13:00:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
Q4 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP KUMAR AGGARWAL – CHAIRMAN AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. LALIT KUMAR AGGARWAL –  VICE CHAIRMAN 
AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, SIGNATUREGLOBAL 
(INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAVI AGGARWAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. DEVENDER AGGARWAL – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT KATHURIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MS. PREETIKA SINGH – HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS), 
SIGNATUREGLOBAL (INDIA) LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI 
SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SignatureGlobal (India) Limited Q4 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome you all to the 
SignatureGlobal (India) Limited Q4 FY24 Results Call. 
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Pradeep Kumar Aggarwal – the Chairman 
and Whole Time Director; Mr. Lalit Kumar Aggarwal – the Vice Chairman and Whole Time 
Director; Mr. Ravi Aggarwal – Managing Director; Mr. Devender Aggarwal – the Joint MD and 
Whole Time Director; Mr. Rajat Kathuria – the Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Manish Garg – the 
Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Preetika Singh – Head of Investor Relations. 
I would now like to hand over the call to the Management for their opening remarks. Over to 
you. Thank you. 
Pradeep K. Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Adhidev. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Earning Conference Call for 
Signature Global. I am delighted to engage in a discussion with you following our 4th Quarter 
and full Financial Year Earnings, during which we also share our accomplishment for the year 
and provide guidance for the upcoming year. I trust that you have reviewed the Company’s 
financial performance for the 4th Quarter and full year, along with the investor presentation and 
a company press release, all of which are available on our Website and Stock Exchanges. 
Before we delve into our operational and financial performance, I would like to touch upon the 
notable transformation in India's real estate sector and at the country level in general: 
This will provide a solid foundation for our discussion on the performance we will be presenting 
for the full year. In the final quarter of 2023, October-December, India's GDP surged by a robust 
8.4%, surpassing the RBI projection of 6.5%. This stronger-than-expected GDP growth in 
quarter 4 2023 led several agencies to revise their forecasts upward for India's financial year 
2023-2024 and 2024-2025 growth, making India stand out among major economies. Recently, 
most agencies estimated India's growth to be in the range of 6.5% to 7% for next financial year. 
Behind the nation's rapid growth, life factors such as increasing disposable income, rapid 
urbanization, enhanced affordability, and improved aspirational goals, which are also driving 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
the real estate sector of the country, the financial year showcased 2 notable trends. Firstly, a 
growing inclination towards the premium real estate segment reflected changing customer 
preferences. Homebuyers obtained luxury amenities and superior construction quality in the 
prestige location. Secondly, stronger developers demonstrate strength during economic 
challenges, leading to a consolidation in real estate development. Established players gained 
market share due to their ability to maintain quality and delivery standards, indicating a shift 
toward trusted brands in the real estate industry. 
Despite the Reserve Bank of India's implementation of a strict monetary policy stance, the 
residential sector in the country witnessed an extraordinary surge in both sales and new property 
launches throughout 2023. This outstanding performance resulted in a significant milestone, 
with over 3 lakh houses units sold, setting a record that had not been achieved in a decade, 
according to CBRE. The real estate consultancy also highlighted those major banks extended 
approximately Rs. 2.7 lakh crores in credit to the residential sector until January 2024, 
representing an annual increase of around 37%. 
Moving on the financial and operational performance of your company. Signature Global 
achieved its best-ever quarterly and annual pre-sale performance of INR 41.4 billion and INR 
72.7 billion, respectively, with year-on-year growth of 240% for the 4th Quarter and 112% for 
the full year, thereby significantly exceeding guidance of INR 45 billion in FY24. Collections 
grew 62% to Rs. 31.1 billion, again comfortably surpassing our annual guidance of INR 29 
billion. Following strong operational performance, the net profit of the company for FY24 stood 
at INR 0.016 billion against the loss of INR 0.64 billion last year. The latest quarterly figures 
underscore our Company’s steadfast dedication to quality and customer-centric growth 
approach. As you are aware, we have strategically moved towards increasing the speed of our 
growth track and capitalizing on prevailing opportunities. While our focus was primarily on the 
affordable segment in the past few years, we have now diversified our portfolio towards the mid-
income and premium segment as well. Looking ahead to our strategic vision requires a complete 
transition, directing our effort towards the promising demand in the mid-income and premium 
segment where ample opportunities are emerging. Our focus on maintaining positive cash flow 
has been helpful in providing us with the flexibility needed to negate through these challenges. 
This approach not only positions us to mitigate risk, but also create opportunities for sustainable 
profitability and long-term value creation for our stakeholders. In India, success in the residential 
real estate category has been attributed to localized players for a variety of reasons, the ability 
to acquire land more efficiently, execute projects more efficiently, and most importantly, 
understand pricing dynamics due to the deeper understanding of the market. The largest players 
from the North did not achieve significant success with expanding to Mumbai or other cities, 
while the most successful Mumbai player has only recently started expanding beyond Mumbai 
or after the significant success. Bengaluru-based players have found significant success in the 
localized market, with a focus primarily on South India. Of course, there are expectations to this 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
rule a few pan India players. We are relatively a young company with less than a decade of 
experience in the real estate industry, and we are still in the initial stage of our corporate journey. 
We have also been fortunate to be in a geography where competition is very limited in terms of 
land acquisition, especially where the demand surpasses supply. For a variety of reasons, 
including proximity to a supply starved Delhi, extensive infrastructure development, job 
creation, and the presence of multinationals, there is an enormous amount of genuine demand in 
Gurugram for good quality housing at the right price, and this is a segment where we are creating 
too. Therefore, being a geography, we do not foresee it is a risk at all for the next 3 to 5 years, 
mainly because we are at the right price point at the current stage. Say, after 3 years, we might 
consider nearby geographies like Noida or other cities, a promising market, rather than venturing 
into completely unfamiliar territories. For now, what we perceive as a risk to us, being a single 
geography player, indeed, is an advantage for us. In our view, expanding a new geography might 
create a risk at the current stage. Last financial year, we also witnessed an increase in 
construction spending with the demand surging and the land acquisition and construction costs 
rising. We believe this is likely to remain elevated this year as well. 
In terms of revenue recognition, we believe the figure was slightly lower for this year. However, 
we expect it to improve. In FY25, our estimate is that revenue recognition for FY25 is likely to 
be around Rs. 3,800 crores, and we believe that growth is likely to be reflected on a quarter-on-
quarter basis going forward. I will now hand over to our CEO, Mr. Rajat Kathuria, to share the 
financial performance in detail. Thank you. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. Hi. Afternoon, everyone. While we have put up the numbers, I would just like to share a 
few views and some bit of guidance for the coming year. Certainly, we are witnessing a sustained 
sort of trend in terms of strong housing demand. So, we have always been saying that the market 
is hugely supply constrained. So, it's not that the last 1 or 2 years that the trend has really picked 
up, but if you really look at our last 4 years of performance, in fiscal year 21, we did sales of 
about Rs. 1,600 odd crores. As we are supplying more inventory, that inventory is kind of getting 
picked up. So, honestly, what is the true market demand is very tough to estimate, but it's very 
safe to say that, yes, it's much more than the current level of supply being done by the entire 
housing players in this particular market. So, from getting back to about Rs. 1,600 odd crores in 
FY21, last year we did about Rs. 7,300 odd crores. This was much higher than the previous year 
and even the guidance we rolled out at the middle of the year, so there is almost like a 60% plus 
sales CAGR which we have witnessed. 
As of today, we are in the best possible position in terms of ready to launch inventory. In the 
history of the company, we have never been in such a good position ever. As of today, we are 
very confident that we'll be doing launches of almost northwards of Rs. 16,000 crores within the 
first 3 quarters itself of this financial year. We forayed into premium housing, these high-rise 
apartments by a project called DE-Luxe DXP, which I think got some media attention. So, you 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
guys might be aware, wherein we did sales of almost close to Rs. 3,600 odd crores, roughly 2.7 
million square foot equivalent project got sold as it was launched. And it was actually multiple 
times oversubscribed. So, that was the significant launch for the previous year, which happened 
in the 4th Quarter. And that was one of the key factors which helped us achieve this annual sales 
potential of almost Rs. 7,300 odd crores. 
But for the current year, we are coming up with launches at multiple locations, whether it be the 
Sohna Elevated Corridor, where we have tested a lot of success over the past few years. We're 
coming up with a large project over there. Prior to that, we're coming up with another apartment 
complex on the Southern Peripheral Road in Sector 71. So, these 2 are fairly large launches, 
which should happen, let's say, within the next 6 months, effectively within the initial quarters 
of this financial year. And then there are a couple of other locations within Gurgaon. So, 
effectively, we are fairly confident that these launches of Rs. 16,000 odd crores should happen, 
which will help us with the thesis that since the supply is constrained, and as we are able to come 
up with more sustained supply of products at the right price points, the demand is always there. 
if I talk about the current situation, we are running at the lowest possible unsold inventory in the 
company, because as we're launching projects, it's getting sold. 
Talking a few more facts for the previous year, our average realizations improved. It is almost 
about Rs. 11,800, which in absolute terms doesn't seem very high. Still, products are priced less 
than Rs. 12,000 a foot. And coming from Signature Global, which is like a very well-recognized 
brand in the local market, it doesn't seem too expensive at all. But it's like a fair bit of rise, 
because in the previous year, the same number stood at about Rs. 7,800 odd crores. So, we have 
seen better realizations, higher sales, much better collections. Our payment plans are usually 
very end-user driven, very construction or time-linked sort of plans are there. So, our collections 
were close to about Rs. 3,100 odd crores, again a steep price vis-a-vis the previous year. So, all 
those key performance indicators are moving northwards as anticipated. And we are fairly 
convinced that in the coming years, some of these guiding numbers which we are providing 
should fall in place. So, whether it be the launches, which we are targeting for about Rs. 16,000 
odd crores, which is a bit of a science, because we know the exact area to be launched and the 
pricing guesstimate is there. So, Rs. 16,000 odd crores is a bit of a science. But we are again 
taking up our sales target of upwards of Rs. 10,000 crores. So, please keep in perspective that 
we are just a 10-year-old enterprise. We started operations back in 2014. And for fiscal year 24-
25, we are taking our sales target of Rs. 10,000 crores. This is almost 37% higher than the sales 
which we have done in the current year. So, all of this, as a thumb rule, by and large is happening 
just because of a few factors. Our approach has always been towards the business that this is a 
home manufacturing company. Keep churning the project at a good pace. Keep the cash flows 
very healthy. Treat it like any other B2C business. Focus on good quality brand. Focus on strong 
distribution. Focus on strong financial discipline. So, just the same set of factors coupled with 
the fact that, to what even Pradeep ji was saying, that we feel that there is so much to be done in 
this geography and we have never moved out of that strategy. So, some of these basic things 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
which have really helped us over the last decade, we intend to continue doing the same thing. 
It's not that we have something very differentiated plan for the coming small to medium term. 
So, that's why there is a bit of confidence that with these launches of Rs. 16,000 odd crores, our 
sales, we should be able to achieve Rs. 10,000 plus crores. Collections should stay robust. Our 
guesstimate is that this number should be close to about Rs. 6,000 odd crores. A lot of it will 
come for projects which are already under development. So, about 65% odd of these collections 
are anticipated from projects which are already under development, while we are hoping that 
from the launches since it's happening in the earlier part of the year, about balance 30%-35% of 
the proposed collections are planned out of the new projects. 
One very critical factor which I would like to bring to all of you is that last year was significant 
for us in many ways. We managed to take the company public. We have received a very good 
response after the public offering as well. In addition, while we were going public and in the 
offer document, we had mentioned that we are acquiring something very significant land parcel 
on the Southern Peripheral Road, but at that stage it was mainly an agreement to sell, there was 
no conveyance of land which had happened at that stage. But as of today, there is almost 17 
million square foot of developable space which has been added through the course of the last 
year and primarily in the second half of the previous year, which is in sector 71 almost 92 plus 
acres of land, which is primarily owned by the company in this smaller portion which is coming 
to us in the form of the JDA. So, this entire acquisition on which we were working for reasonable 
bit of time is now complete. We have moved on in terms of project planning now and this 
acquisition will help us in coming years to really change the scale of operations. It's a very 
significant location. We are not a multiple decades old entity, but maybe at the right time or an 
opportune time, we have managed to create such good sort of land position. So, if you look at 
our total portfolio, as of today, some rounded up numbers, but effectively 48 odd million square 
foot of development of which 16 million is ongoing that is expected to get completed between 
this financial year and the coming financial year. There is another 32 million square foot which 
includes the project which we just launched DE-Luxe DXP, but by and large, almost 29 million 
plus square foot of portfolio something which we’ll be launching in the next 2 to 3 years. 
So, as of today, we are sitting on very good portfolio. A lot of these developments are happening 
in places besides 71 where we have been doing launches in the past about very broadly 17 million 
is in sector 71, about 7 million is in Sohna, about 3 million is in the northern peripheral or the 
Dwarka Expressway, part of which got launched and the balance 5 million is at couple of other 
very good strategic locations within Gurgaon. So, good growth on sales with previous year, we 
are very hopeful of similar sales performance or growth in the coming year. Likewise, growth 
in collections as well. Portfolio seems fairly strong, very robust. 
Also, in terms of the balance sheet, we feel very comfortable. We have a net debt position which 
is just about Rs. 1,150 odd crores, which we usually compare it in terms of the operating cash 
flow which we are creating. So, in the previous year, if we have created operating cash of about 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Rs. 3,100 odd crores, the surplus was in excess of Rs. 900 crores or about 30% was the surplus, 
which was available to us either for land acquisition or for let's say distribution to shareholders, 
but technically given the level of growth and these acquisitions which were happening, we have 
deployed bulk of it in acquiring the 17 million square foot of land parcel in sector 71 and also 
acquired land from our JDA partners, which is about 1.5 million square foot. 
In the coming year, the operating surplus is also going to go up significantly. In the previous 
year if our surplus was about 30%, in the coming year of the Rs. 6,000 odd crore of collection, 
about 45% we anticipate to be the operating surplus available to the company and just a link 
point. So, given the surplus is going to be so strong, we have also stated that the net debt will 
never cross 0.5 times the operating surplus. In absolute terms also, the net debt number should 
go down. So, at the current scale, the net debt is not very high, but that number is also going 
down in the coming year. So, balance sheet seems to be in a comfortable zone. There is a lot of 
focus besides sales on completions during the year. Even in the previous year, we have done a 
lot of hard work on the execution front, but some of these project completions tend to be lumpy 
in nature. So, in the coming year, we are anticipating completions of about Rs. 3,800 odd crores. 
So, on a quarterly basis, you will see significant completions taking place. And the next year, I 
think there is again going to be a 40% to 50% rise in value terms of the completions which are 
happening. So, that will have more revenue being recognized on the P&L. 
So, by and large, these are the key numbers. Happy to address any of your questions with regard 
to our current plans or future strategy whatever. So, over to you Adhidev. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much, sir, for this opportunity. Sir, just first up on the last statement that you 
mentioned. I think in the presentation, I read somewhere we are looking for Rs. 12,000 crores 
kind of a revenue recognition over FY24 to FY26. So, also ideally if FY24 is about Rs. 1,200 
crores and this year we are targeting Rs. 3,800 crores, so about 7,000 crores of revenue 
recognition we are targeting in FY26. Would that be a fair calculation? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And what sort of pre-sales we might be looking at FY26? I mean if you have to do 
Rs.7,000 crores of revenue recognition, so what sort of pre-sales we are looking at? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
You see, 2 things are mutually exclusive, Deepak. So, pre-sales is a factor of what is the dry 
powder with us, what is the unlaunched inventory. So, we have not given a guidance for FY26 
as yet, but if we're achieving Rs. 10,000 crores in this year, we'll definitely be giving a good 
growth target for the next year, but one thing at a time. As far as completions are concerned, yes 
it's basis the ongoing project, so your math on that is by and large correct. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Deepak Poddar: 
Absolutely. Okay, I got it. And you also mentioned on the pro forma, right, that ideally the pre-
sales or that we would be ideally doing in FY25 would have an embedded PAT of about 25% 
and FY24, I think, was about 20%-21%. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Correct. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, ideally, I mean would that translate also to your reported revenue as well if you I mean report 
Rs. 3,800 crores this year or Rs. 7,000 crores next year. So, how would the reported PAT margin 
might look at in light of I mean Rs. 16,000 crores more launches you might be doing in FY25 
itself, right, and FY26 might be higher. So, if you can throw some light on that would be very 
helpful. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Deepak, see what that embedded EBITDA pro forma statement portrays is that the sales which 
we have done in the current year which is roughly Rs. 7,300 odd crores, on that we anticipate a 
profitability of 32%. So, now, see, we know our land cost, we have our estimate of the 
development cost with certain contingencies on that sales where we get realizations of about Rs. 
11,800 odd a foot, we anticipate a profitability of about 32% at an EBITDA level. And likewise, 
for the current year, we have with us the launches which are happening, the estimated price 
points we have. So, on that, since we are also coming up with projects in sector 71, which is 
more prime, the profitability is going up and 35% is a number we are very comfortable for the 
sales which are yet to happen. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. So, I was just trying to understand this pro forma translating into the reported P&L. So, 
how different would that be, pro forma versus your reported P&L? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, reported P&L is being done basis projects which are getting completed. So, if in this year, 
we are talking about completions which will reflect a revenue recognition of about Rs. 3800 odd 
crores, my guess is the average per square foot realization on that sale would be anywhere 
between Rs. 6,000 odd to Rs. 7,000 odd and our EBITDA margin will be a little southwards of 
30%, won't exactly be 30, but it will be a little lower than that number. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, that itself is a very good number. If on Rs. 3,800 crores we can have an EBITDA margin of 
30%, so that ideally means 18%-20% kind of a PAT margin. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, yes, about 27%-28% of EBITDA margin and yes, a high teen sort of PAT margin is 
something which we anticipate. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Fair enough. I got it. I think that would be it from my side. All the very best. Thank you so much. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Deepak. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Hi, Rajat. Hi, Pradeep ji. Congratulations on fantastic performance. Two or three questions from 
my side. One is if you could, you've given a Rs. 12,000 crore odd of revenue, Rs. 120 billion, 
which is to be recognized over the 3 years. Can you give us a sense on what is the cost and the 
total cost against it and the cost already incurred? That's my first question. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Murtuza, we can answer it offline. I think right now we don't have that number on what is the 
exact cost incurred and yet to be incurred. But by and large both put together, I think one can 
assume a 27%-28% EBITDA margin on this. So, I think that will answer to your point from a 
recognition perspective. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Okay. Point two, similar on the margin thing. If you look at Slide #17, you've given the breakup 
of revenue recognition between mid-income and affordable. There is a reasonable shift in the 
composition towards mid-income from affordable, but the adjusted EBITDA margin does not 
seem to reflect that fully, you had a bit of a drop. So, any reason, I mean we would have expected 
that a higher mid-income recognition would lead to an expansion in margin. So, anything that 
could help align that or reconcile that? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, mid-income, Murtuza, see what's getting recognized, so if since you have some bit of 
background in the company, so mid-income segment when we started, these were very entry-
level mid-income floors which we were doing in Sohna market. When we started selling, these 
were about Rs. 4,200 to Rs. 4,300 a foot. So, it was somewhere you could call it either premium 
or affordable stock early level mid-income project. So, what is starting to get complete or what 
is coming to the P&L are these floors which we did in Sohna market. As we did floors in the 
Gurgaon market, we started at about Rs. 7,000 odd a foot and we sold them at about Rs. 10,000 
as well. The margins are expanding with the Gurgaon mid-income portfolio. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
And just the last leg of questions from my side. I think you’ve partly already addressed that. If I 
look at that cash flow statement, Rs. 31 billion of collections, getting you about Rs. 9 billion, the 
cash flow statement would also be representative more of lower margin projects and we could 
see this margin profile. You already highlighted that you're looking to go to more towards 45% 
next year. So, would it be fair to say that the current cash flow also has a fair amount of those 
legacy projects? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
See, I think 2-3 factors, I think it's tough to generalize. So, one factor is, of course, yes, I think 
there is mix of projects, they're still affordable housing projects getting completed. So, while the 
collections and the completion cost does not have the kind of difference, which a premium 
project has. So, I think that's definitely one of the factors. We also have mid-income projects in 
Sohna which we started with as part of it. The other key factor is that we have spent or we have 
increased our construction spend in the previous year. However, some of those completions are 
happening in the current year. So, that's one or I would say an equally critical factor due to which 
the operating surplus was around 30%. But in the coming year, if we are assuming like a Rs. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
6,000 odd crores of collection with a much higher sort of construction spend for us to achieve 
that Rs. 3800 crores completion plus construction spend on other projects, we are achieving 
much higher sort of operating surplus. And that's why that 45% number is being expected for 
this year. 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
Thanks so much Rajat. Thank you, everyone. More better performance. Looking forward to 
continued improvement. Thank you. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thanks, Murtuza. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal Financial Services 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for taking my question. First is on launches. You briefly mentioned in your commentary 
about the kind of launches that we are looking at this year. Just if you can elaborate on the exact 
size, how much of that is sector 71, Sohna Road, et cetera, that would be helpful. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Sure, Pritesh. So, Pritesh, we are coming up with 2 larger launches. The first one is in sector 71. 
It's a group housing project. It's already a licensed project spread over some 22.5 acres. So, in 
that project, our overall revenue is expected to be in excess of Rs. 6,000 crores. Likewise, in 
Sohna, it's a large project. We may not fully launch it, but yes, I think bulk of it is getting 
launched which also has a revenue potential of more than Rs. 6,000 odd crores. Then we are 
coming up with another group housing project in Sector 84, which is actually literally on the 
Dwarka Expressway. So, that will have a potential of a little short of Rs. 2,000 crores, but 
somewhere in that range. And then we have a smaller project in 37D, and another township 
project in Manesar. Both again put together have a potential of about Rs. 2,000 crores. So, all 
these 4 projects, we are at a reasonable stage in approvals. And that's why we put them in our 
guidance roadmap for this year. If you'll add all of this, it will actually cross Rs. 16,000 odd 
crores. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. That's very helpful. And generally, we have seen this mid-income or products which are 
very well priced have seen a very strong response, almost sold out like you saw in your recent 
project 37D. This Rs. 10,000 crore guidance is just your conservatism to start with. And you feel 
confident about clocking much more than that. Or do you expect certain of these projects can 
have a slower absorption as part of your strategy? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Pritesh, ever since we have started working, we have never seen a slow absorption. We’re 
always conscious of the customer requirement, the price points which make the product value 
for money. Because eventually these are homes being developed for people and societies and 
complexes should have that value element from a customer perspective. So, see, we are very 
confident on the product which we are coming up in all of these markets. So, for instance Sohna 
is, these flows which we have done in very high volumes over the previous years, there is very 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
little supply of such product in the market right now. So, this more than Rs. 6,000 odd crores 
which is coming from Sohna is very uniquely positioned. Likewise, even in Sector 71, we have 
done a fairly good product and we do intend to come at a price at which it remains affordable 
for that segment. It's of course a reasonable price point as in today's terms, but still it will be like 
value for money from a customer standpoint. So, see, we are focusing on the product and mindful 
of the pricing. I think I hope what you're saying holds out to be true and we end up looking 
conservative on our sales target, but let things happen and we speak again in maybe 1 or 2 
quarters or 3 quarters in this regard. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes, that's awesome. Second on margins. So, when you say embedded EBITDA margins, does 
it include the interest cost related to the working capital which you might need? Or we are at 
such stage where projects are getting sold out, so there is no need of working capital and hence 
everything in that 35% EBITDA margin is all in cost that is included? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Pritesh, we can talk about this number in different ways. If I have to very simply put it, we 
are super comfortable about this embedded EBITDA margin being talked about because we have 
acquired land over the last few years or we have been working on it in a very diligent way. So, 
we know our land cost, which is not very steep, it's very competitive given the current situation. 
So, construction can be estimated, a certain level of escalation you can assume on construction. 
So, this 35% is like a very a safe figure which is there. So, as far as interest is concerned, see, 
our land is by and large paid for. If you look at the entire this 32 million square foot portfolio, I 
can tell you that there is maybe less than Rs. 400 crores, which is still due on this entire land 
parcel. I am still kind of keeping some buffers while talking of this number. So, there is not 
much land cost which is yet to be paid. And once land is paid, see, it's by and large a negative 
working capital business. So, interest, we have considered below the line after this 35% working 
capital, we don't end up spending interest cost. So, yes, this factors in all sort of finance costs, 
which we may incur in times to come. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. So, eventually once these projects come for recognition in P&L, your adjusted EBITDA 
margin and EBITDA margin what are getting actually reported will coincide, right? That's what 
I want to know. Or maybe I mean if it's very detailed, we can take it offline. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
We can definitely take it offline, but see, the gap will come down. See, in the past when we were 
not listed, the debt levels were similar. So, the loading of interest on the project cost or effectively 
cost of goods sold was much higher. Today, for a much larger enterprise, the gross debt level 
has come down. So, that finance cost and the cost of debt is coming down. So, that loading on 
cost of goods sold is much lower. So, gradually, yes, this EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA 
margins will come into a narrower range with each other. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Pritesh Sheth: 
One last. How much do you expect your land spend to be in the next year? While you have given 
us operating surplus guidance, how much do you think you'll spend it on land and how much 
would go for a debt reduction? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, see, on the land side, see, about Rs. 1,200 odd crores to Rs. 1,500 odd crores we may spend 
on land and the balance should be available for debt reductions to debt servicing. Actually, the 
net debt levels could come down significantly from the current level is what we are expecting 
by the end of the year. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Perfect. Very interesting. Thank you. All the best you guys. You're doing a good job. Thank you. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thank you, Pritesh. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Saboo from Nippon AIF. Please go ahead. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Thank for the opportunity and first of all, congrats to the promoters and Rajat for a very good 
quarter and a very good year. So, a couple of questions. So, the first question, I will break it in 
terms of the sales and launches. So, whether that Rs. 16,000 crores will be launched this year? 
And what I feel is that the inventory level is currently at around Rs. 6,150 core. So, that 
cumulatively is somewhere close to around Rs. 220 billion. So, is there an upside to the sales 
which is there? And just as a second part of this question that in the presentation you have 
provided on Slide #11 that the whole 32 million square feet you aim to launch by FY26, and if 
I do like just selling price into a saleable area, that total comes out to around Rs. 430 billion of 
JDV. So, for FY26, are we looking that Rs. 27,000 crore worth of launches and do we have the 
teams in place for handling that sales? So, that will be my first question. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Sure, Vaibhav. Thanks for asking the question. So, Vaibhav, see, fundamentally, we do consider 
land by and large as a raw material. It's a raw material with comparatively longer gestation 
period. Usually our experience has been that whenever we have acquired any land, we end up 
planning it as we acquire and it takes anywhere between 15 to 18 months to seek all approvals. 
Approval process is quite streamlined in Gurgaon. There are 4 or 5 key approvals. We are quite 
used to obtaining them on a project by project basis. So, it takes about 15 to 18 months to kind 
of launch any land parcel which gets acquired. So, even as a strategy, the idea is to have land 
bank, which is good for, let's say 3 or 4 years and not more in terms of launches. Don't want to 
comment exactly on the quantum of launch which we'll do for the next year, but yes, I think your 
math is not wrong. Over the next 2 years, 2.5 years, 3 years, we’ll launch whatever we have. It's 
not that we intend to sit on any of these land banks with the assumption or for any speculative 
reasons that the pricing may go up. It is like a home manufacturing company. The idea is to keep 
buying land and keep churning out the end product and sell it. So, that's the thesis. Yes, I think 
the quantum of launch for the coming year is going to be much higher and we have the dry 
powder right in hand with us and there are no significant land payments on this entire portfolio. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
And so just reiterating, so for the sales team, like have we planned for the magnitude of the sales 
that we are doing? So, has the sales team been encapsulated because let's say that Rs. 16,000 
crore launch let's say for next year even conservatively Rs. 20,000 crore, Rs. 22,000 crore of 
launch, that would require we assume because we have done like Rs. 7,000 crore of sales this 
year. So, is there a team which we have built out and how we are looking at that? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Vaibhav, we are comfortable from a competence and capability perspective whether it is on 
the sales front or on the execution front. So, I think the platform has competencies to achieve a 
much higher scale than at which we are operating. So, that we have those capabilities what I 
would like to admit. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
And just second question. In terms of the Rs. 12 billion that we recognized this year, how much 
have we delivered in terms of a million square feet and number of units for the year? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Vaibhav, we will share that with you offline, as I don’t have that number handy with me right 
now. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Sure. Just one last question from my side. For the sector 71 where we have 17 million square 
feet of total land and we are launching like, I am assuming around one-third, so around 5 to 6 
million square feet. Perfect. What's the JDA share? What is the revenue share for the JDA partner 
approximately? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, we are not launching one-third first of all. We have assumed a launch of about your 3.6 
million square foot for the coming year to be precise. So, a lot of it will still be available for 
launch in the coming years. I can reconfirm on numbers, but out of the 17 million, I think about 
13 million to 14 million is fully owned by the company whereas about 3 million, 3.5 million is 
going to come up on a project where there is a JDA partner. Rest is about 13.5 million is kind of 
owned by the company. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Understood. What's the attributable number in the JDA of the 3.5 million square feet to the 
company. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
3.5 million, you could assume that about 1.2 million, 1.3 million revenue equivalent will not 
come to us while we’ll incur the cost. So, it's a simple revenue share JDA. I think about 32% to 
34%, 35% odd is attributable to the landowner. 
Vaibhav Saboo: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and all the best. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Let me just reiterate these numbers. So, 17 million, by and large 13.5 million is owned, 3.5 
million is in JDA. Out of that 3.5 million, about 35% odd ballpark is the JDA share of the 
landowner. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prem Khurana from Anand Rathi Shares & Stockbroker. 
Please go ahead. 
Prem Khurana: 
Thank you for taking my questions and congratulation on good set of numbers in this quarter. 
Sir, my first question was related to the growth that we envisage in our presales, I mean we want 
to go from Rs. 73 odd billion to almost Rs. 100 odd billion which is good 38% sort of growth 
on a Y-o-Y basis. I mean would it be possible for you to kind of deconstruct this growth in terms 
of I mean how much do you expect the 38% to come from improvement in same location sales 
velocity? How much would be the pricing action with the existing project? And how much of 
this would essentially be dependent on the new launches that you manage? And fair to assume 
given the fact that we, I mean we generally get to see good sales even at the launch itself. A large 
part of this 38% growth would be dependent on the new launches? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Prem, thanks for asking this question. So, Prem, the way we look at it is that we are coming 
up with launches in our core markets. So, within Gurgaon, there is certain micro markets where 
we have literally done category creation. So, if you look at the Sohna market, Sohna is just on 
the periphery of Gurgaon and with this Sohna Elevated Corridor and this Delhi-Mumbai 
industrial corridor starting from Sohna, it’s literally become a stone throw away distance from 
the Sohna road market of Gurgaon. So, we have done the highest volumes in that market on a 
sustained basis over the last 5 to 6 years and literally, if I may boast a little bit the sales, I think 
that we have done market creation or category creation in the Sohna market. So, we are coming 
up with a very reasonable size project, which has sale potential of upwards of Rs. 60 billion. We 
are very bullish on the sale. I will prefer to refrain on whether all of the sale is happening at 
launch or it's happening in 1 or 2 quarters, that would be a lot of prediction or lot of I would say 
guesstimate involved in that. But yes, we are very comfortable with that product and location is 
what I can say. 
Second is Sector 71, which is the group housing project, the product is I would say a notch above 
what we recently launched in Sector 37D. So, between these 2 projects itself, we are doing 
launches in excess of Rs. 12,000 crores or almost 75% of the launch pipeline which we have 
talked about. So, see, we are comfortable with both of these projects, Prem. I think we'll wait to 
see on the customer response, who knows, we didn't highly get sold on launch, but it's all a 
guesstimate. Let's wait and watch in next couple of quarters on how the market responds to it, 
but confidence level is high. 
Prem Khurana: 
And the other question was essentially I mean when I look at the NCR real estate market today 
and then if I were to compare with the last cycle, we are more than double of what we used to 
be which is our and most of us have been able to grow there. But any sense, what will be our 
market share? I mean would you have any number in mind, let's say if you achieve that number 
which is I mean you would start looking out because I mean at this point, I don't see any issue 
in terms of growth potential for us because there are multiple micro markets wherein we are not 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
yet present within NCR region. But what sort of number would kind of make you kind of start 
looking out for new growth opportunities or new growth areas? And what will be our market 
share in terms of let's say value sales in let's say NCR real estate market today? What could the 
total size of this real estate market be now? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, Prem, I will not have the exact numbers with me, I can give you guidance broadly in terms 
of a few numbers. So, see, the migration trend from people moving from Delhi to Gurgaon is 
very strong, okay, because a lot of grade A offices are in Gurgaon, and it supports a much better 
social infrastructure. The connectivity between Delhi and Gurgaon has also gone up 
significantly. So, over the years, that trend is only going upwards post pandemic again we have 
seen a lot of that trend kind of getting a lot of traction. So, migration trends are very strong. 
Supply is still not happening in very large numbers. By and large, Gurgaon is give or take like 
15,000 to 20,000 odd homes have come up in the previous year and we have sold about 4,500, 
4,600 odd homes. So, we have a fair share in the market right now and we have also tried to 
distinguish ourselves within that market. So, mid-income, we're playing in a slightly broad sort 
of spectrum starting at about Rs. 1 crore, Rs. 1.5 crore and going up to about Rs. 5 crores odd. 
So, that's the spectrum in which we are playing. So, there is little competition which we see from 
large developers who have like good presence in this market and who can come up with a 
sustained supply. There are few large developers who've got very little land position in this 
market and hence will not be able to come up with a sustained supply whereas since we belong 
to this market and we have good portfolio, we have a good you could say a quarter about 
anywhere close to 25% odd market share is something which we are enjoying and we'll hold up 
to that sort of share in this market. 
Prem Khurana: 
And any thoughts on when will you be required to go and start looking on outside NCR real 
estate market? Because as I see it, I mean if I look at the large 3 listed real estate developers 
including you, I mean the aggregate sales between you 3 seems as if we have done more than 
30,000 odd crores between three of us. Is it possible to be able to see some more consolidation 
with the Rs. 30,000 crores in itself between 3 is fairly, fairly large number, right? Is it possible 
to be able to have more market share consolidation or the way to grow is to be able to kind of 
look for new growth areas? 
Rajat Kathuria: 
So, the way we look at this frame is that see, we are still supply constrained. We are not housing 
surplus as a country or as an any of the cities. The demand, the population growth of this region 
Gurgaon within the entire large North Indian sort of area is so significant that we are usually 
supply constrained. So, see, it's tough to say what is that real housing market in Gurgaon right 
now, but it's significantly higher than the numbers we are talking about. So, I don't think we 
need to eat up into any market share. I think this entire pie is going to increase significantly over 
the years to come. 
Prem Khurana: 
Sure. Thank you. That's it from my end, and all the very best for future. 

 
Signatureglobal (India) Limited 
May 16, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as a last question, and I will hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajat Kathuria: 
Thanks to all of you for giving us this time out today. We have seen a good last year and we 
have tried to maintain that discipline in terms of the guidance which we give and what we try 
and actually achieve as a company. So, we hope that statement holds good for the year to come. 
But given the current situation, we stay very positive on the business and we would like to keep 
coming up or keep beating our own targets in times to come and hope to stay associated with all 
of you in times to come. Thanks a lot for your time today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
