Cummins India Limited 
 
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015 
cumminsindia.com 
cil.investors@cummins.com
CIN : L29112PN1962PLC012276
Ref: STEX/SECT/2024 
June 04, 2024 
The Relationship Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
Subject: Intimation of transcript of analyst conference call held on May 30, 2024 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
With reference to our stock exchange intimation dated May 20, 2024, towards investor/ 
analyst/ Financial Institution conference call, we are enclosing for your records a copy 
of the transcript of the said conference call conducted by the Company on May 30, 
2024. 
Kindly take this intimation on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(This letter is digitally signed) 
Encl.: As above. 
Vinaya 
Abhijit Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Vinaya Abhijit Joshi 
Date: 2024.06.04 
19:14:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHWATH RAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PATIL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Cummins India Limited Q4 FY 2023-'24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
We hope you all are keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing “*”and then “0” on your touch-tone phone. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwath Ram – Managing Director, Cummins India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Hope all of you are doing well and staying 
safe and healthy. Welcome to the Cummins India Limited Q4 and Full Year 2023-'24 Earnings 
Conference Call. My name is Ashwath Ram, and I am the Managing Director of Cummins India 
Limited. Joining me on the call today is Ajay Patil – Chief Financial Officer of Cummins India 
Limited. 
We are happy to announce that Cummins India Limited recorded the highest annual revenue and 
profit during the year ended March 31, 2024, aided by strong domestic demand across various 
market segments and proactive measures by the company on managing costs and improving 
profitability. 
I would like to share the Financial Results of Q4 FY '24 and Full Year FY '24 through this call. 
I am now going to the Financial Results: 
For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, with respect to the same quarter last year, our sales at Rs. 
2,269 crores are higher by 20% compared to Rs. 1,889 crores recorded in the same quarter last 
year. Domestic sales at Rs. 1,925 crores are higher by 38%. Exports at Rs. 344 crores are lower 
by 30%. Profit before tax at Rs. 701 crores is higher by 70% compared to the same quarter of 
last year. For the quarter ended March 31, 2024, with respect to the last quarter, our sales at Rs. 
2,269 crores are lower by 9% compared to Rs. 2,502 crores recorded in the last quarter. Domestic 
sales at Rs. 1,925 crores are lower by 12%. Exports at Rs. 344 crores are higher by 6%. Profit 
before tax at Rs. 701 crores is higher by 16% compared to the last quarter. 
I would now like to share a segment-wise breakup for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2024: 
The sales breakup segment-wise is as follows. Domestic. Power Generation, domestic sales were 
Rs. 943 crores, 40% higher compared to last year and 12% lower compared to last quarter. 
Distribution business sales were Rs. 604 crores, 25% higher compared to last year and 9% lower 
compared to last quarter. Industrial domestic business sales were Rs. 348 crores, 60% higher 
compared to last year and 16% lower compared to last quarter. Exports. High horsepower 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
exports were Rs. 171 crores, 17% lower compared to last year and 25% higher compared to last 
quarter. LHP exports were Rs. 142 crores, 42% lower compared to last year and 3% lower 
compared to last quarter. For the year ended March 31, 2024, with respect to the last year, our 
sales at Rs. 8,816 crores are higher by 16% compared to Rs. 7,612 crores recorded in the last 
year. Domestic sales at Rs. 7,143 crores, are higher by 28%. Exports at Rs. 1,673 crores are 
lower by 18%. Profit before tax at Rs. 2,143 crores is higher by 44% compared to the last year. 
The segment-wise breakup for the year ended March 31, 2024, is as follows: 
Domestic: 
Power Generation, domestic sales were Rs. 3,335 crores, 32% decrease over last year. 
Distribution business sales were Rs. 2,349 crores, 25% decrease over last year. Industrial 
domestic business sales were Rs. 1,296 crores, 24% increase over last year. Exports. High 
horsepower exports were Rs. 817 crores, 9% lower compared to last year. LHP exports were Rs. 
699 crores, 27% lower compared to last year. Cummins India financial guidance. 
Regarding the sales outlook for 2024-'25, we continue to expect double-digit growth over the 
fiscal year 2023-'24. 
I now open the session for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Congratulations on a great quarter and the year, sir. Sir, my first question is on this quarter. So, 
we have seen exceptional margins, EBITDA margin is at 23.5%. So, was there any one-off 
during the quarter? Because if we see the numbers, other operating expenses seems to be at Rs. 
100 crores, which is like all-time low. So, if you can highlight any key reason for this 
outperformance in margin? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. I think it's a combination of multiple things why the margins are better for this quarter. One 
is we got a onetime true down benefit of a little over Rs. 60 crores from management cross 
charges. Second is we have some advantages on rates and taxes. We also had some netty benefits, 
so the combined other expenses came in a lot lower. Like you said, it's a onetime gain that we 
had this year and this quarter. Similarly, we also saw that profit was better because mix was 
better. We were able to contain our costs reasonably well. We were able to hold on to some of 
the commodity gains even though commodities have started to inch up and we had some mix 
advantages that were favorable to us. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
The Rs. 60 crores was the one-off, right, in other expenses during this quarter? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's correct. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Yes. Sir, secondly, if I see that traditionally, we have seen the existing growth drivers for the 
company, right? So, data centers, hospitality, real estate put together. So, if you see over the next 
2 to 3 years, do you think emergence of any new demand drivers for our business given next 6 
to 7 years, we will have a big push on the clean energy theme. So, allied to that do you think 
what could be potentially the new growth drivers? And based on that, incrementally we have 
been guiding about 2x GDP growth. So, do you think that number can get revised higher over 
the next 2, 3 years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
First, I don't think the numbers can get revised to very much higher. The aspirational GDP of 
our country is to grow between 6% to 8% for the next 8 to 10 years. So, proportionately, our 
growth can be 12% to 16%. So, that's a pretty broad and ambitious growth rate for a company 
when you compare it to the historicals of the company. So, we would continue with that kind of 
guidance. 
As far as markets are concerned, we think that at least for the next 5 years or so, the existing 
infrastructure-linked investments will continue pretty strongly. So, if India wants to become a 
$7 trillion economy, which means doubling from where we are currently, it has to be driven by 
investments in core infrastructure, in social schemes, which also requires infrastructure. And the 
combination of all of that requires Cummins' product to be used in those. So, I don't see any new 
market segments emerging, but I think the existing strong market segments will continue to do 
well over a long period. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Just the last question, sir, you did allude that you will grow maybe at 2%, 12% to 16% is 
a broad range. So, that means even for FY '25, despite taking price hikes on CPCB IV+ power 
gen and implementation from July 1. So, looks like you don't see any major volume impact of 
the same. So, given the prices will go up for these and last quarter, I think the contribution was 
about 25% of the power gen sales from CPCB IV+. The margins at approximately 20%, so if 
the growth is sustained, there's no major volume declines, do you think that margins can 
improve? There's a case for margin improvement from here also. So, that's another question. 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, that's always been what we've been striving for. If you heard me talk over the last 4 or 5 
years, we are continuously working on improving the margin of the business, managing costs 
and trying to get growth. So, trying to not just get growth for the sake of growth, but to get 
profitable growth. So, that will always be our endeavor. Of course, there will be more pressure 
as CPCB IV+ becomes a full stream and then everyone tries to do a market share grab. But we 
will stick to our principles of how we've operated in this market, and we think the opportunities 
are there for us to continue to grow at the 2x GDP level we are aspiring to grow at. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
On the share of the power gen, sir, in this quarter. I think 25% was in 3Q. So, in CPCB IV+, 
how much was in the mix per share in Q4? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes, I would say roughly 1/3 of our sale in the quarter was from CPCB IV+. So, it's starting to 
move pretty rapidly into CPCB IV+. So, we see the transition in the next quarter to happen 
completely. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And any prebuying you're expecting in in the first quarter before the CPCB IV+ gets 
implemented before we enter into 2Q? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Not very significant because see literally we have had 1 year of prebuy, how much more can 
people keep prebuying. So, we don't expect it because what happens is even if you were to 
prebuy now a CPCB II product and then we go in and next year somebody comes in and says 
that fit in a retrofit device. So, you add all those retrofit devices to the cost of a CPCB II gen-
set, the cost is probably a little bit more than buying a CPCB IV+ genset. So, that prebuy, which 
happened all over the last 3 quarters, was driven by the fact that many of the people did not have 
complete product ready in CPCB IV+. Now everyone has had literally a year to prepare, so 
everyone should have a product, and I don't see that impact of a prebuy playing going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. First, with respect to the power gen business. I have 2 
questions. One is what has been the volume growth that you had seen this year vis-a-vis last 
year? Just to get a sense on what is the volume growth and value growth mix that we had seen. 
And secondly, what is the share of data centers? Was there any large orders which were there 
this quarter? Or do you expect any large orders coming in over the next 12 months? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, to first answer the volume question, we have seen overall volume has grown by roughly 
about 30% compared to last year. It's different by different nodes, et cetera. So, it's very difficult 
to say exactly by which node much it's grown. But overall, I would say it's a pretty significant 
growth, a 30% year is I would consider one of the better years of growth. As far as the major 
segments in the market are concerned, they continue to remain the same. There hasn't been a 
very significant shift and those data centers continue to grow well, infrastructure related growth 
and investments in power gen continue, as the commercial realty, as the residential realty, as the 
manufacturing. So, across the board, we are seeing reasonably strong demand as far as power 
gen market segments are concerned. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And there has been a sharp up-move in the industrial business revenue this time. 60% growth, 
yes, there was a slight base effect which was there in the corresponding quarter last year. But 
even adjusted for that, the number would have been very strong. Which are the segments which 
are driving this growth, sir? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Ashwath Ram: 
Biggest is the construction. Construction, which has been lagging considering that the country 
is spending so much money on infrastructure, construction was lagging quite a bit for the last 
few years, that has bounced back pretty significantly. The other segments all related to 
compressor, marine, all have started to bounce back pretty strongly, and that's what is leading to 
this level of growth in industrial business. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And my final question is with respect to the distribution business, consistently we have been 
growing at 25% kind of growth in this particular segment. What is the mix which is coming from 
power gen and what is the mix which is coming from Industrial? And what's driving this growth? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, typically, it's very difficult for us to say how much is power gen and how much is 
industrial. But what I can tell you is that over the last 3 or 4 years, we have increased significant 
focus on trying to make the distribution business a strong, stable, independent profitable kind of 
business, and we see growth happening in parts, we see growth happening in service contracts. 
We see growth in new engines. Pretty much everything that we do in distribution, we are seeing 
growth. So, it's nice to see that you sometimes put forth strategies, and some work, some don't 
work, in this case, a strategy that we put forth 3 or 4 years ago, it seems to be working steadily. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers and a very good fantastic year. My first question 
is in every annual report, you mention megawatt sales in a year for domestic power generation. 
Of course, you have shared that number, you said 30% growth. It means that the number which 
you've done for the entire fiscal is 6.2 gigawatt. Do you think this number is ballpark right? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I have absolutely no clue, but I can get somebody to calculate something like that. All I can tell 
you is it's been growing year-on-year, number of big sets have also been growing significantly. 
So, it would not be surprising if that number is close. But I I honestly don't have a good answer 
for that right now. So, I won't just speculate and tell you something. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is, sir, what could be data center contributions to our top line last year? Is it 
fair to assume that you're closer to now 8% to 10%? And compared to last year, the data center 
opportunities, are you more positive this fiscal? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, yes, the answer is it's getting closer and closer to become about 10% plus of our PowerGen 
revenue. It is also accurate to say that we continue to see significant demand, both in India and 
globally for data centers. As a matter of fact, we continue to remain on allocation for certain 
types of gensets and certain types of engines around the world, there's just isn't any capacity and 
some of our factories globally are booked for 18-plus months now. So, we anticipate this demand 
to remain robust and to continue strongly. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Mohit Kumar: 
Last question. Sir, Cummins has launched Phantom series of 1.7 megawatt to 2 megawatt series 
for data center. So, when we serve the Indian customer, do they expect you to offer the new 
launches in India and do you need to indigenize it? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think most of those are made in India, at least the core cool packs are certainly made in India. 
All global products is launched in India as well. So, certainly, we'll be launching those in India 
as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
My question is on the export market, wanted more color since there's been decline from past 2 
quarters, and we have been pessimistic on few markets. Just wanted to understand how the 
growth was for full year and what is the outlook on key export market for FY '25? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Right. So, last year, as I stated, we degrew or became smaller by about 18%, the biggest drops 
have been in Europe, which almost halved and Middle East, Africa, as well as Asia Pacific. So, 
there has been literally no market which grew for us last year as far as exports is concerned. As 
far as '25 is concerned, there still appears to be a little bit of concern as far as geopolitical crises 
and availability of funds in some of those markets, especially in Africa. So, we are not very, very 
optimistic that we have seen the bottom of the market yet. So, we expect it to maybe correct a 
little bit more before it bottoms out and then we start to see it grow back again. 
Amit Anwani: 
Secondly, wanted to understand since there has been pretty strong growth in the domestic market 
and from past 2, 3 quarters the outlook remains pretty strong. Wanted to understand any CAPEX 
requirement and what are the current utilization levels? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Just balancing CAPEX is what we always do as we bring in more products, to balance out some 
of the capacities, we keep doing incremental CAPEX. But when you look at the installed 
CAPEX, we continue to remain at roughly 50% utilization. From a manned CAPEX, we are 
greater than 90% of utilization. So, capacity is not a problem for us. So, if we can get more 
demand, we will certainly be able to scale up pretty quickly. And some of the strategic long-
term investments, those are typically 18- to 24-month type of projects. Those are being done for 
global demand and those kinds of things. So, there's no real CAPEX short term surge or 
emergency that is happening. But there is a steady plan to meet the long-term demand and to 
attempt to be a better global player. 
Amit Anwani: 
Lastly, on the data center, so you highlighted that we are approaching 10%. So, just wanted to 
understand, do we have a strategy outside India also with respect to data centers and anything 
we are expecting from the export market also for data centers? 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, we continue to sell products to other countries for use in data center markets. So, some 
of our high horsepower exports go into those markets. So, certainly, our attempt is to try to 
maximize and export more as well as the global opportunities keep opening up, we continue to 
attempt to play in there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Congratulations to the strong performance. Sir, my first question is to understand a bit more with 
respect to how has been our localization plan for the CPCB IV engines? And as in terms of 
timeframe over next 2 or 3 years, how do we expect to fully localize this product? And thereafter, 
what kind of impact on the gross margins do you see as the localization progresses for the new 
range of product? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. We have over a dozen platforms. And I would say a majority of them are at high levels of 
localizations, and I mean high levels is greater than 70% to 75% of what we usually classify as 
high level because there are certain components related to electronics and certain types of parts 
which are not made in India, so we continue to have to import them. There are some new 
introduced product lines which were never made in India, which are currently being imported 
and sold and we are in advanced stages of planning of attempting to localize them. So, this is an 
ongoing cycle of trying to increase the percentage of localization and then using that to help with 
pricing, to help with a better position in the market and to use it to improve the profitability of 
the company. So, there's nothing which is either going to be very dramatic. It's a gradual process 
because a very large chunk of the products is already localized. 
Renu Baid: 
And in this context, you also mentioned the commodity price has started to inch up now. So, 
how should we look at the gross margin outlook for fiscal '25, combination of CPCB IV change 
in the mix, commodity price going up. Earlier, you had indicated 33% to 35% gross margin 
range. Last year, we clocked about 34.5%, 35%. So, how should we look at the margin outlook 
for next year? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We will continue to aspire to hold at that kind of margin level, though it's starting to become a 
challenge because every major piece of commodity, whether it be copper, nickel, exotic 
materials used in after-treatment, platinum, silver, gold and even oil prices are all inching 
upwards. Even some forms of steel which we had seen a decline now for nearly 6 quarters in a 
row have now bottomed out and have started to inch up. So, there will be significant pressure on 
the material margin, but we will continue to work with the supply base in trying to get more 
efficiency out of that and attempt to hold this growth. This is the line in the sand which we want 
to hold, but it's always a challenge to do that. 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. And with respect to new product development, can you share update where are we with 
respect to certain products for the rail market, including Vande Bharat train sets, for mining and 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
marine. And how can this help to accelerate the growth in the respective segments for the 
industrial portfolio in fiscal '25-'26? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, quite a bit of progress has been made as far as new products is concerned, especially in rail, 
we have supplied new prototypes of our Hotel Load Converter, we are now supplying CPCB 
IV+ compliant diesel sets into the 500 kVA power cars and also in the backhauling coaches. We 
are beginning to supply new products in DETC propulsion sets. We are also entering into tenders 
for all kinds of CPCB IV+ compliant power cars. So, overall, as we are looking at the market, 
we are seeing quite a few opportunities, not only in rails, but we are introducing new products 
in mining, we are introducing new products in marine. Of course, power gen, we've already 
introduced most of the new products. We continue to increase new products even into the 
construction segment with new series of engines, et cetera. So, overall, both as far as product 
proliferation and adding significant new products into the market, that work continues pretty 
strong. 
Renu Baid: 
So, in your view, the industrial segment, which was clocking high teen growth in '22 '23 and 
moved finally to 22%, 25% growth should continue to grow in high double-digit 20%-plus? Or 
the growth will moderate in high teens? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think it will grow at 20%-plus, but our long-term outlook when we had provided it a couple of 
years ago was that we see at least 2x of GDP growth of the industrial segment to continue for 10 
to 15 years because we are comparing where our infrastructure is today compared to where some 
of the developed nations, like China and Europe and America are. And when you look at the 
state of the infrastructure, we have versus the state of the infrastructure they have, significant 
amount of investments are needed. So, I think if we continue this journey of wanting to become 
a #3, #4 economy and improve our infrastructure, then this demand should continue. 
Renu Baid: 
And last, if I can, bookkeeping. We have seen very strong cash conversion profile of the business 
continuing. Today, we are sitting on net cash shift of almost Rs. 2,600 crores. How do you plan 
to utilize this for future growth? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Well, we continue to give return to the shareholder significant amount of cash. And we are also 
looking to fund some of the future growth and some of the future ideas on how the business will 
look in the future. Some of those investments are not likely to pay back returns very easily. As 
you know, in some of the new energy cases, billions of dollars have been sunk and the returns 
have all been negative so far. So, we are creating this war chest and looking for opportunities, 
and we will deploy it as needed. Currently, we are using the war chest to develop new products 
and continue to invest in scale and capacity as we become a major supply chain hub for the 
world. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
Jason Soans: 
So, I was saying, sir, with the scope of distribution which is increasing and the CPCB IV+ 
component also increasing in the sense there will be more electronic parts here in this business. 
So, just wanted to know, sir, in terms of margin profile, is there scope for a better margin profile 
going ahead with the contribution of CPCB IV+ increasing? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The answer is yes, that is what we have been aspiring to do. The reality is still to be seen when 
competition hots up, when everybody is at 100% CPCB IV+. So, again, to clarify, yes, certainly 
because the content is more, the complexity is more, the technology is more, the risk is more. 
So, there is an opportunity to have better margins. The reality all depends on competition in the 
market. 
Jason Soans: 
And sir, you had also alluded to reconditioning being a massive growth opportunity ahead as it 
is in the developed economies. So, I just wanted to understand, I mean, reconditioning will be a 
good option to play, but it could hurt your volumes going ahead or probably cannibalize your 
volume. So, just wanted your perspective on how would you balance both of these going ahead? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think these are different market segments. So, a person who wants a new product has a different 
profile and a different cost profile and a person who wants a reconditioned product has a different 
cost profile and a different set of expectations. So, in applications such as industrial and mining, 
et cetera, reconditioning is the most normal way of doing things because these folks utilize their 
equipment 24/7. So, if you have working equipment, then you get significant value back by 
reconditioning, and those customers don't want to buy new anyway. But there are other market 
segments where utilization is low, and there are some advantages to having the latest and greatest 
technology and certainly in those segments, they don't want reconditioned products. 
So, we are talking about 2 entirely different market segments. And sometimes, we can use 
reconditioned products to compete against some competition who has different and lower margin 
expectation. So, it's pretty complicated, but I think there's an opportunity. Globally, we have 
seen in multiple markets around the world that the 2 markets coexist. And of course, 
reconditioning is incredibly good for the environment. So, if you are looking at it from the ESG 
angle, nothing is better than reconditioning as far as greenhouse gases are concerned. So, that's 
the way we are looking at the reconditioning market from an India perspective. 
Jason Soans: 
And sir, just in terms of your genset OEMs. So, the Jackson power, Sudhir gen sets or Powerica 
being there, I just want to know this on a basic level, is there any value addition from their end? 
Or they are just pure-play regional distributors for Cummins India? 
Ashwath Ram: 
They do some last-mile value addition. But the technology is entirely Cummins' and these guys 
add some value, and they also reach out. They are the contact with the customer. So, from that 
sense, the value is in working with the customer and making sure that they are serviced to the 
Cummins standards. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Jason Soans: 
And sir, just lastly, I wanted to ask you, there is a lot of traction in the LHP or the lower value 
segments as well all across, as you said, data centers, infra or realty, et cetera, doing very well. 
So, just wanted to understand in their back pocket, it being a price-sensitive market, are we 
looking at deepening market presence there? Or there's a lower focus due to the price sensitivity 
angle? What's our strategy in this segment? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Certainly, even there, there are multiple levels or there are different types of customers. There 
are customers that want reliability, durability and quality, they typically go for Cummins. And 
so, within that segment as well, there are pockets and entire segments, which buy a lot Cummins 
product. There are other segments, especially segments like telecom, et cetera, which are 
absolutely just cost-based segments, and we have a very, very low share over there. And we are 
looking at alternate ways of trying to compete in some of those segments. We are looking at 
seeing can we obsolete the technology of internal combustion engines in some of those segments 
and move to some battery based or other technologies. But we continue to play in all the 
segments. Certainly, like you said, our aspiration on profitability is higher than of those 
competitors, and we will not for the sake of market share just enter into it and use it as a loss 
leader. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Tiwari from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Congratulations on very strong set of numbers. Sir, my first question is, could you comment on 
your current market share in domestic Power Gen and Industrial segment? Any rough number? 
Ashwath Ram: 
We don't comment on market share as far as these segments are concerned. All I can tell you is 
we continue to hold and in some cases, get better. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is on some of these new high horsepower gensets developed 
by the parent, which will come to India. So, how is it decided? I mean, which particular platform 
or engine will be manufactured by Cummins India and which will go to the other unlisted parent 
company? So, I mean, what is the algorithm for deciding it, et cetera? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Combination of past duties, closeness to the market, the differences in the types of products. So, 
it's a combination of that. As you know, Cummins has only 3 major manufacturing hubs around 
the world. We have the big North America manufacturing hub, which it consists of U.S. and 
Canada. And Mexico, then you have the big India hub, and then you have the China hub. 
So, typically, a lot of China hub is for internal consumption, but some of the Chinese OEMs 
would buy the product internally and also sell it around the world. India is used as a hub to 
service most of the global market, especially from a low-cost perspective. And North America 
and Mexico are used to service the North America and some of the very, very specialized 
markets, which are served with the products from there. So, the logic is pretty straightforward. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
It's just complicated when you have the actual implementation just because of this overlap of 
OEMs and customers around the world. 
Atul Tiwari: 
But sir, when the manufacturing is done in India, how is it decided whether Cummins India will 
manufacture it or Cummins Technologies India will manufacture it? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think pretty much all of the products which has been made historically by Cummins India 
Limited continues to be made by Cummins India Limited in the markets that it serves. 
So, if it is in the power gen market or the industrial market or the different mining markets, all 
of those products continue to remain made by Cummins India Limited other than some specific 
cases where global investments are made in India for global consumption. So, there have been 
a few engine platforms, which have been licensed by Cummins India just to buy back to the 
North America or some other markets. So, in those cases, those products which are 100% 
exclusively for internal consumption and not related to the market in India are being made by 
CTIL. Otherwise, the logic has been very, very consistent and straightforward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
I have just 1 question. Sir, what is the waiting period for gensets now? If someone places order 
with you, how much time you take it to deliver now? 
Ashwath Ram: 
This will be a business tool type of answer and the answer is, it depends. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, even for industry is fine, sir. 
Ashwath Ram: 
No, it depends again based on what the product is. If it is a low horsepower product, we will 
give it to you in less than 2 weeks. If it is something with the data center, 95-liter product, the 
lead time is anywhere from 6 months to 1 year. If it is something in between, it can be anywhere 
from 30 days to 3 or 4 months. So, it's difficult for me to just tell you what's the lead time. On 
an average, we like to have lead times of less than 1 month to supply both products. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And sir, has this changed compared to last year? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. Because capacity has increased. So, I am saying that average lead time is 30 days. The 
average lead time used to be 60 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Yes. Congratulations given on a great set of results. Two questions. So, Ashwath, just trying to 
better understand the implications of CPCB-IV+ on our both gross margins and EBITDA 
margins. And given that now this accounts for almost 33% of our Power Gen sales versus maybe, 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
what, 25% for 9 months. Is it fair to sort of at least assume that the delta change that we've seen 
in gross margins Q4 over Q3, which is sequential and it is roughly about 100 basis points, a large 
part of that is attributable to the increased contribution of CPCB-IV+, that's first on the gross 
margins? 
Ashwath Ram: 
No. I wouldn't say that. I would say it’s a little bit, but not a very, very significant portion there. 
Because see, it's very difficult to say what will be the true impact on improving the margin of 
CPCB-IV+, till everyone is 100% CPCB-IV+. So, right now, yes, certainly, the starting out 
margins of CPCB-IV+ are better than CPCB-II. But will that continue to hold, then everyone is 
also selling CPCB-IV+, the answer is probably not. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And by when do you think that we'll probably end up getting a greater picture? 
Ashwath Ram: 
By October. By September, October timeframe, we should have a lot of clarity on what the end 
pricing with competition will be for the market. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And from an implication on the below gross margin or other expenses side, what we've seen 
over years is our royalty plus support fees have now sort of trended downward from a peak of 
3% to roughly 1.7% as of FY '23. I am not sure what it is in FY '24, but it seems that Q4 had 
some bit of one-offs, and I think that number would have, in fact, gone down further. With 
CPCB-IV+ coming in FY '25 for at least 9 months, where should we assume this particular line 
item to trend towards over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think we should be able to hold it at the level we are currently. So, this quarter was an anomaly 
because of that onetime reversal. But overall, we should be able to hold it at the same percentage 
level despite the introduction of many, many new products is the way we are looking at it. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
And my second question was on exports. So, with CPCB-IV+, we were intending to get the 
certifications to supply to North America, et cetera. And this was an opportunity, which was 
agnostic of how that end market is performing, given that this is a completely new opportunity 
kind of wallet share gain. Where are we in that journey? And do you believe that, that shows up 
in at least FY '25 export order board? Or do you think that's an opportunity beyond F '25? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think we have made a lot of progress. At least 3 or 4 products have already been launched into 
the global market. They have just been marketed. Pilot samples have now been provided, et 
cetera. Maybe from the second half of the year, we should start seeing some pickup in those 
markets. Full year impact will probably be the next year, but we should start seeing some pull 
coming in for those products. Products have been received very well. So, I think that's something 
we are actually looking forward to. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, from a sales mix perspective, we've troughed at roughly 19% of sales being exports from a 
sort of peak of roughly 30%, 35%. Do you believe with all these opportunities F '25 exports 
could be at least 20%, 25% of sales? Or it would still remain in that sub 20%? 
Ashwath Ram: 
I think this year, we will see some more deterioration in demand from a global perspective 
because we don't think the markets have bottomed out yet. With all of this geopolitical crisis 
happening in the Middle East, it has had quite a bit of impact on sales and Europe also seems to 
be at an all-time low that we are seeing. And Africa also is struggling a lot especially with 
currency problems. So, we think there will be at least another quarter of demand being anemic 
before things are completely bottomed out and then start to pick up again. So, it's very unlikely 
that the percentage of exports as compared to domestic is going to change very significantly for 
this year. 
And we are optimistic that this will start to pick up and as the new products start coming in and 
also as we start doing more and more components and other parts for export, our ambition is to 
get back to 30%, 35% of our sales being exports. So, we are not just giving up on it. We are 
addressing it, pursuing it, but I don't see it happening this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Congratulations on great show yet again. Sir, I had 2 quick questions. First, you commented on 
market share, and I respect giving data beyond a point, it is difficult. But assuming a steady-state 
100% CPCB-IV Power Gen revenue for the next few years, do you think the stable market 
positioning for Cummins will be better than it was in last decade of Power Gen market share. 
And I am talking more about the non-LHP portfolio because LHP is not happening for India. 
Ashwath Ram: 
That's what we are working on, and that's what we hope with the kind of products we have 
introduced into the market that we are able to improve our position. That's the challenge in front 
of management to be able to do that, and that's what we are working on. 
Amit Mahawar: 
The question was more because India has been a price sensitive market forever. But in the last 
12 months, it has been a sellers’ market. But as your commentary also mentioned, incrementally, 
it will keep becoming a challenge because you would have at least half a dozen players in India. 
So, that's why I was asking. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Our strategy for that is to introduce better products, more products and sub-segmented in a way 
by which we provide more value in each of the segments that we play in. So, our role play 
historically has always been on being able to provide better value than others, and it's well known 
that we are not the lowest cost player in the market. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
So, we sell based on having the better products in the market. And we will continue to work on 
the product. We'll continue to work on these customers to provide them better value for what 
they get from us, and we will continue to strive to maintain that balance between profitability 
and growth. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Second quick one follow-up to what Jonas was asking. If you look at the global manufacturing 
centers for Cummins in China, India. Globally, the electrification dynamics are restricting 
Chinese companies to supply to the Western world, especially in the sensitive areas in the grids 
part in the data center that might happen. So, do you think that will potentially benefit Cummins 
India? 
Ashwath Ram: 
The answer also is yes, but it's also tricky. If you look at the global market share of Chinese 
companies, even if the United States does not buy any product or even Europe puts all kinds of 
bans on them, irrespective of that, they continue to increase their global presence from an overall 
manufacturing market share percentage. So, even if their own domestic players, they don't sell 
to many of these markets, they just keep growing with their own products. Their presence in the 
global scheme is larger than what it is today. So, yes, it benefits India. If United States and 
Europe don't buy as much from China, which they have started to do but that does not mean it 
will mean the uninterrupted growth which China had between 1995 and 2015, we will have the 
same kind of growth. That hypothesis is not getting ruled out as of now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Congratulations on a very strong set of results even this time around. My first question was more 
on this 30% growth that you're talking about in Power Gen volumes. You also suggested that 
last 3 quarters have seen some amount of prebuying. Is it fair to assume that in the 30% number, 
there is some prebuying quotient as well? This is the full year number I am talking about. And 
then that starts becoming an impediment incrementally. If you could kind of quantify would be 
useful. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, when there is a very strong prebuy, we usually use a lot of inventory, which are held 
by our OEMs and EBITDA dealers, et cetera. But as of now, I am seeing average or below 
average inventory being held, which led me to believe that, yes, the pre-buy cycle and you can't 
have permanent prebuy. At some time, there are cycles that we run out of holding power and 
wanting to just keep holding and buying products. And it is our hypothesis that a big chunk of 
that is done with. There is some, but it's not significant the way it was last year when there was 
significant 1 quarter worth of prebuy sitting in the market kind of inventory. We are not seeing 
any inventory in the market with that kind of impact. So, we think there will always be some 
turbulence when you transition from 1 emission cycle to another, but it's nothing which we think 
is significant any. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Aditya Mongia: 
And then just to clarify. The growth this time is 30%, which is above normal, can the growth be 
kind of below average next year because of that, because a lot of products will be sold…. 
Ashwath Ram: 
See, the Power Gen market is very difficult to classify that it's a very, very cyclical market. So, 
you get multiple years when you can get 20% plus growth, and then you get years where you 
even decline by double-digit plus level. So, we still think that this financial year will continue to 
be a growth here on top of our stronger growth here. Of course, will it grow at 30% that we got 
last year, I don't think so. But we will continue to see at least 2x of GDP type of growth. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Sir, the second question that I had was more on exports. As you've talked about Europe as an 
opportunity for CPCB-IV compliant products, and you've also talked about cash being utilized 
in a manner that you become more global. Are there plans beyond CPCB-IV as well that your 
thinking more on investment perspective? And the detail question is versus whatever TAM 
you're addressing today, what kind of increase in TAM basically happens because of these 
endeavors? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, I'll answer that question with multiple responses. One is that currently CPCB-IV+ is only 
for 900-kilowatt and below. And so you have this entire portfolio beyond 900-kilowatt going all 
the way to 4,000 kilowatt, which does not fall under those regime. So, all of those have the 
opportunity of coming under emissions. And the moment emissions come, the technology gets 
incredibly more complicated. 
Second is that countries in Europe have said that 2050 is the year by which they will try to get 
out of internal combustion products and get into clean energy. But as we are seeing, a lot of that 
is getting pushed out, and there are some alternate solutions like hydrogen and internal 
combustion engines which then fuzzy the lines. So, if you can get a zero emission product with 
an internal combustion engine and why do I need to spend money on those cells or other forms 
of energy generation. So, the answer is that emissions will continue to get tighter. Since CPCB-
IV+ is the tightest emission right now, we don't know what the next one is. But the industrial 
markets have 2 levels of emissions, which have already been announced in Europe. We have to 
undergo those in India as well. 
The automotive market has already gone to Europe as in now or will be going to Europe soon. 
India will be at par with Europe on Euro 7. So, the emission is going to keep getting tighter and 
tighter. And India has committed only 2070, by which we will be out of carbon generating 
products. So, I think there's a lot more leg room here, at least 20 years more of leg room here to 
keep producing these products than in other parts of the world. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Just a last question from my side. At least in the last call, you were talking about the high 
horsepower market and kind of overseas players with low margin expectations increasing 
competitive intensity. Could you suggest to us how much of your HSP portfolio is seeing these 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
kinds of competitive pressures? And obviously, linked to that thing, you have to localize more, 
do you see a margin release and market share release happening in the near to medium term? 
Ashwath Ram: 
So, this is not a new phenomenon. We have seen it over the last 10, 15 years that this is 
happening. As a matter of fact, as there is consolidation happening around this, the probability 
that there will be fewer players who are actually into market playing in this space. And certainly, 
as we localize more, we have been in India for 62-plus years. And as we localize more, we are 
able to improve margins and compete with many global players. So, we will continue to do that. 
But it's not that straightforward as just to keep players attempting to come in and if we just 
localize, we are able to compete. It doesn't just work like that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Bhavesh 
Shah from Foresight Business Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Shah: 
Congratulations on being the leader of this brilliant company. Sir, after hearing all these brilliant 
people, my question will not be on the numbers, but on the futuristic of our company. It can 
grow from here to 10x. My question is, are you still manufacturing diesel generator because now 
diesel is no more a fuel being developed or promoted by government. So, are you considering 
biofuel, biogas, LNG or methanol generator? And any plans to convert the existing generator to 
other fuels, including hydrogen? 
Ashwath Ram: 
Yes. So, let me answer that. One is just from a historical fact, most of Cummins products have 
always been on multi fuel, which means we have been able to run biodiesel, synthetic diesel, 
jatropha, pretty much anything that can be burnt can theoretically burn in the diesel engine 
gaskets. We have now introduced what we call fuel agnostic platform, which means the latest 
technology, which is going to carry forward the internal combustion engines for the next 25 to 
50 years. 
We have been introducing it over the last couple of years, and we will continue to introduce it 
over the next 5 to 10 years. And this is something we are calling HELM technology, which is 
High Efficiency, Lower Emissions, Multi-fuel technology. And with this technology, we will be 
able to use even things like propane, use biogas. We will use literally every sort of fuel that can 
be put into internal combustion engine, including hydrogen, we will be able to run our engine 
with that. 
Bhavesh Shah: 
Second question is, sir, our parent company is one of the very few manufacturers in the world 
who are having electrolyzer and fuel cell technology. The first hydrogen train in Germany was 
with the use of fuel cell and Alstom coaches. So, are we also inclined towards manufacturing 
electrolyzer in a big way, and fuel cells also for railway engines, mining trucks, marine shipping 
lines? Because that is going to be a big market where our company can grow not 10x, but 100x. 
And being a shareholder, I feel that the future is in Cummins and in the hands of Mr. Ram. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Ashwath Ram: 
The answer is yes; we are bidding for all of those kinds of businesses. Right now, the hype to 
execution ratio is very warp (Inaudible) 62:52 to the size of hype. The actual products or 
projects that are executed are very few. And if you look at the big projects executed in India, 
even on electrolyzers, you will find that the largest one, which is already commissioned is the 
one by GAIL, which Cummins has executed and commissioned. So, we are very serious about 
that market. We continue to look at the right timing at which one needs to make the investments 
and set up scale of manufacturing. 
Bhavesh Shah: 
Sir, recently a news came that HPCL started the electrolyzer with someone. NTPC Renew 
Power, all those people are going into the hydrogen market. So, when the news came that Tata 
Motors and Cummins, we have tied up for the manufacture of internal combustion engine, I was 
little disturbed that why such a big company like Cummins India doesn't take the charge of 
developing this thing and create a name for itself. As a shareholder, I would always believe that 
we have the first right to develop such a thing and develop the market for it, not only Tata, but 
other manufacturers also. 
Ashwath Ram: 
A very fair point. Typically, the way we look at the market is based on the end application. The 
application that you mentioned with Tata Motor was for an automotive application. So, what it 
does is it takes an existing internal combustion platform and converts it into a hydrogen internal 
combustion engine. So, all the capabilities to build that kind of product are with that entity. 
Certainly, in the market segment of power generation or defense or mining or rail, where these 
applications will be required, then CIL will be the conduit in which these products built for those 
markets. 
Bhavesh Shah: 
So, now days even JLR, Mercedes Benz, or BMW, all are concentrating in developing fuel cell 
electric vehicle. So, I mean, since railway is also very big in India and developing, say, roughly 
15,000 kilometers on a year-to-year basis, cannot we come out with a fuel cell for the railway 
engine and come out with a hydrogen engine itself. You can have a special purpose vehicle. You 
can invite the shareholders to put up the money in that because we feel that, that is going to grow 
much, much, much more. 
Ashwath Ram: 
Fair comments. And certainly, we are working on that. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference again to Mr. 
Ashwath Ram for closing comments. Over to you, Mr. Ram. 
Ashwath Ram: 
I want to thank all of you for your extremely active participation and engagement during the call 
today. The Indian economy demonstrated strong growth in FY ‘23-‘24. Significant investments 
in infrastructure and robust performance by the manufacturing and service sector supported the 
growth momentum. At the same time, internationally, geopolitical risks and conflicts continue 
to pose uncertainty with global trade and supply chain disruptions. 

 
Cummins India Limited 
May 30, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Concerning the power generation market, CPCB-II products can be sold until June 30, 2024. 
Consequently, the market will see a demand shift to CPCB-IV+ emission norms -compliant 
products effective July 1, 2024. The company has a very strong portfolio of CPCB-IV+ 
compliant products to meet the customer demand across the entire product range. Exports might 
see an impact in the near term due to global economic uncertainties. 
The company closely monitors geopolitical events unfolding in various parts of the world and 
their impact on global demand and the supply chain. Your company has a trusted brand in terms 
of product range, access to cutting edge technology, value stakeholder relationships, world-class 
manufacturing capabilities, best-in-class talent and a customer-centric service organization with 
an extensive distribution and service network throughout the country and neighboring regions. 
With this, we remain confident that we will continue to perform at the levels we have performed 
in the past. With this, I close this call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Cummins India Limited and the 
leadership team, we would like to thank you for joining us today and making it an engaging 
session. We are ending the conference now, and you may disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
