CAMPUS 
CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LTD. 
Formerly known as 
: 
Campus Activewear Pvt. Ltd. 
CIN - L74120DL2008PLC 183629 
3'4 June, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda Building, 
| Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Mumbai - 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543523 
SYMBOL: CAMPUS 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015 
-Transcript 
of 
the 
Earnings 
Call 
held 
with 
Investors/Analysts 
Dear Sir, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of 
Earnings Call held with the Investors/Analysts on 28th May 2024 and the same is also available 
on the Company’s website i.e. www.campusactivewear.com. 
This is for your information and records please. 
Thanking you 
For CAMPUS ACTIVEWEAR LIMITED 
A rc h a n a Digitally signed 
by Archana Maini 
Date: 2024.06.03 
Maini 
10:42:49 +0530" 
Archana Maini 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Membership No. A16092 
Encl: As above 
Regd Off. 
: 
- D-1, Udyog Nagar, Main Rohtak Road, New Delhi - 110041 Phone: 011-43272500 (30 Line) 
E-mail: frontdesk@campusshoes.com, compliance@campusshoes.com Website: www.campusactivewear.com 

Campus Activewear Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2024 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Campus Activewear Limited Q4 & FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As 
a reminder, 
all participant lines 
will 
be 
in the listen-only mode and there 
will 
be an 
opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing *, then 
0 on your 
touchtone phone. Before we proceed on this call, let me remind you that the discussion may 
contain forward-looking statements that may involve known or unknown risk, uncertainties 
and other factors. It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future 
results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. 
The Campus Activewear’s management team 
is represented by Mr. Nikhil Agarwal — Whole- 
Time Director & CEO and Mr. Sanjay Chhabra 
- CFO. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Nikhil Agarwal — Whole Time Director & CEO for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Steve. Good evening everyone. 
| thank you all for joining our Quarter 4 & FY24 
Earnings Call today. 
As mentioned in our previous calls, we view FY24 as a transitionary one. Campus Activewear 
experienced a robust resurgence in H2 FY24 with a renewed emphasis on expanding its trade 
distribution network and introducing new products including Campus OG's NitroFly, NitroBoost 
and 
Air Capsule styles. The company effectively captured the attention and spending of 
consumers through strategic investments 
in 
branding and 
launch 
for new R&D enabled 
products during H2 FY24. Campus Activewear further widens 
its presence across India 
by 
inaugurating 66 new stores in the western, southern and eastern regions, bringing the total 
number of exclusive brand outlets to 268 by the end of the year. 
In spite of a challenging economic macro, we stayed focused on fortifying our balance sheet 
strength. The company paid off debts amounting to Rs. 156.5 crores in FY24, reaching a net 
debt-free 
status during the 
year. 
It gives me immense 
pleasure 
to share that Campus 
Activewear generated the highest ever net operating cash flow of Rs. 264.5 crores in FY24. We 
also saw a notable reduction in our working capital cycle, cutting it down from 108 days in FY23 
Page 
1 of 14

Sanjay Chhabra: 
Moderator: 
Videesha Sheth: 
to 79 days in FY24, thanks to decreased inventory levels and a deliberate effort to reduce the 
receivable days. Campus Activewear 
is dedicated to offering 
its consumers top-tier global 
designs and technology in sports and athleisure footwear. Our extensive range of products, 
variety of color options and commitment to affordability ensures that we meet the growing 
diverse needs of our consumers. We are committed to strengthening our brand identity by 
crafting compelling narratives, fostering deep connections with our target consumers. Our 
ongoing efforts to expand our product range are 
in 
line with our aspiration 
to establish 
ourselves as India's premier sports and leisure footwear brand. With a robust balance sheet 
position, the management is determined to grow and enhance Campus Activewear's omni- 
channel presence, provide outstanding consumer experiences through innovative product 
offerings, and enhance the customer's campus’ recall value as the most preferred sports and 
athleisure brand amongst Indian households. We are geared to create a long-term value for 
stakeholders through our distinct integrated business model combined with a strong balance 
sheet position. 
| will now hand it over to our CFO — Mr. Sanjay Chhabra to take you through more details on 
the Q4 and FY24 performance. Thank you. Over to you, Sanjay. 
Thank you, Nikhil. Good evening everyone. Thank you for joining us in our Q4 & FY24 earnings 
call. Looking at the financial year 23-24 in review, our operational revenue stood at Rs. 1,448 
crores, lower by around 2.4% year-on-year, successfully navigating the disruption caused by 
020 and B2B business channel. Most of the revenue loss from these channels was recovered 
by the market place business. The company sold approximately 22.2 million pairs in FY24, lower 
by around 5.6% year-on-year. The average selling price increased by 3.4% from Rs. 631 rupees 
to around Rs. 652 during the full year FY24. The revenue mix between men and women and 
children categories stood at 80:20 during FY24, 
a marginal shift from 81:19, reflecting our 
efforts to expand the women's category. Our EBITDA for the full year was at Rs. 215.3 crores. 
Turning to the balance sheet, as Nikhil mentioned, we have seen a significant decrease in the 
net debt from around Rs. 180 crores to around Rs. 24 crores as at end of FY24. I'm happy to 
state that we have achieved the net debt free status in FY24. Our balance sheet remains strong, 
showcasing strong return ratios with return on capital employed at around 19.2% and return 
on equity of around 14.9% as of 31st March 24. 
With that summary, 
| would now conclude my remarks and open the floor to the moderator 
for the Q&A. Thank you. 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. First question is 
from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
My first question was on the overall demand landscape. So some of the consumer companies 
have been talking about some uptick in rural. So can you talk about overall demand scenario 
Page 2 of 14

Nikhil Agarwal: 
Videesha Sheth: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Videesha Sheth: 
including market share trends in each region for the quarter gone by and the current quarter? 
And in the same context as a follow-up, how are you thinking of premiumization and overall 
volume growth over the medium term? That would be my first question. 
Nikhil here. Thanks for your question. So during the quarter, right, so we've seen increase in 
our North and West business by almost like a 10% increase year-on-year. And the other regions 
have sort of been flattish, like East and Central and South have more or less been flat. So 
therefore, we've seen definitely an uptick between these two territories. And this is where we 
called out last time, as well if you remember, the states of UP, Bihar, and Maharashtra is where 
we were specifically focusing a lot of energy to revive those states. So I'm happy to share that, 
especially in these three states, we've seen significant improvement by up to 20%, 14% and 
10% respectively. So, rural demand, we have definitely seen a fair share of subdued demand 
over the year, especially in quarter two and some bit in quarter three. But with our renewed 
focus towards certain strategies that we have implemented including portfolio optimization. 
So, as of today, we have basically launched a complete and very comprehensive portfolio of 
designs catering from all price points starting at 799 going up to as high as 2,999. So we havea 
very good adequate number of designs and good throughput, and good volumes at each and 
every price point. So we have made sure that there 
is 
no gap 
in the portfolio which 
is 
unaddressed and we have definitely seen good momentum from that strategy coming 
in. 
Therefore, we are fairly confident of navigating the rural demand as it may happen in Quarter 
4. 
Yeah. Alright, so Nikhil, just in that context, do you think the premiumization journey is getting 
a little delayed as we're focusing on addressing all the right pricing gaps? 
So, it could be slightly, 
| mean, so see, we have premiumized a lot over the last 5 years by almost 
5% to 6% ASP increase every year, average rate. So the company has premiumized significantly 
in the last 3-4 years. Given how 
| would say the last 18 months have gone and clearly we have 
seen some stress towards premiumization as well, slight stress. So therefore, we've pivoted to 
the strategy of increasing our economical portfolio as well. That is from 899, basically up to 
1000 bucks MRP. So that would definitely give us additional volume. And any margin there 
would be compensated by additional volume from and create operating leverage. Therefore, 
we have to navigate the macros as the demand, as the scene commands. So we cannot run our 
strategy in silo, we have to understand the market dynamics. And they called today for a 
complete and comprehensive portfolio from the company side. 
Got it, very clear. And the second question was on our network. There seems to have been a 
drastic change in the MBU and distributor network. So the retail reach has increased from 
20,000 to 23,000, whereas the distributor reach seems to have been rationalized from 425 to 
300. So can you explain what's exactly happened over here? 
Page 3 of 14

Nikhil Agarwal: 
Videesha Sheth: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Umang Mehta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Umang Mehta: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
So it's just part of the consolidation, like we called out, we've been following up with various 
strategies in the distribution channel, and therefore, that has resulted definitely in some decent 
growth this quarter. So we've seen about 7.5% growth in terms of value in our trade channels 
in Quarter 4. And this 
is primarily due to these two or three initiatives that we have quite 
aggressively run. So one is the consolidation of distributors as you pointed out. So one is that 
and the other is increase in the count of retailers, increase in the count of our own fleet of 
street, our own salesforce to give better coverage and better serviceability. Along with that, 
like 
| mentioned, we've given a full assortment of products at every single price point. And 
finally, we've also rationalized and optimized the schemes and incentives and made much 
better, 
| would say, distributor-friendly policies. So combined with all of these factors, we have 
seen a decent trend, a decent growth in the distribution channel in quarter four. So largely that 
consolidation of distributors and increase in retail network is part of the strategy. 
Okay, and this consolidation, has it been Pan India or restricted to any specific region? 
It's mostly Pan India. It's across depending on the territory, yeah. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil, imports of footwear, we've seen a significant decline in the January-March period. Have 
you started to see any green shoots already? 
No, so you're right. The imports have certainly declined and this 
is the news also that we're 
getting from the channel. But because the BIS norms dictate that we need to upload the non- 
BIS inventory onto the portal by 1st of August this year, and the government has given time till 
1st of June 2025 to liquidate all non-BIS goods, therefore we believe that a lot of, 
| would say, 
importers did some loading of inventory early on. Therefore, we will see some bit of liquidation 
from their end over the year, maybe up till even June next year, but we've been not too really 
bothered about that because from our side, we have taken adequate measures to make sure 
that we are fully covered and on track in terms of growth. So, but as of now, to answer your 
question, we don't see any significant green shoots coming in from the stop of imports. They 
will certainly come, but maybe in the next 2 or 3 quarters. 
Understood. And the second question was on your other expenses. We've seen a 
significant 
decline of around 17% on absolute basis, as it is quite a focus on volume growth. So was there 
any one-off or a provision reversal during the quarter? 
Hi, this is Sanjay. I'd just like to take that question. Other expenses primarily are a subset of 
three big buckets. One is our factory overheads plus freight and then the admin SG&A and also 
the advertisement and promotion spend. So you see dip versus last year it's 
a combination of 
again three things. The factory overheads have come down. Primarily, we have realigned our 
Page 4 of 14

Umang Mehta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Mehul Desai: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Mehul Desai: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Mehul Desai: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
workforce based on the production requirement for this quarter. Last year same quarter, the 
production was higher and hence our cost was high. This year we recalibrated that cost. 
Number two, we did do a 
front loading of A&P spends in Q3, which 
is in the season. So this 
year in Q4, our A&P spends are lower by around Rs. 
6 crores. However, on a H2 basis, the 
spends are higher versus last year. And also the third line, which is online commission, there 
we got certain rebates during the campaign period. It's 
arebate from the platforms. And it was 
adequately offset to a sort of reduction in the ASP during that campaign period. So it's a line 
shift. However, on a full bucket basis, we have been able to control back end cost. ANP 
is a 
phasing thing. And online commission is driven by campaigns, specific campaigns. 
Understood, very clear. Thanks for that. And just one clarification. So you mentioned trade 
distribution mix to be 56% 
in one of your slides. However, 
if we do that, then your trade 
distribution revenue goes beyond Rs. 800 crores. So I'm assuming that's a typo, right? Or is the 
understanding incorrect? 
Could be in certain slides maybe it's including net sales or dispatches so that could be a sort of 
a placement issue. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Mehul Desai from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
First, as 
| wanted to understand, you did allude to the fact that trade distribution has grown by 
7.5% for the quarter. If you can give the same growth rate number for your D2C online as well 
as your D2C offline for the quarter? 
Mehul, D2C channel has shown sort of 6% degrowth for the quarter. Distribution has grown, 
but D2C has degrown. That's again primarily still we are sitting on some of the impact of B2B 
and 020 channel which has degrown by around 55%, but marketplace has simultaneously 
grown by 32%. So by and large it did offset. Net-net, our value growth is around 4.7% for the 
quarter. 
So what is the D2C offline channel growth? 
| mean, for the quarter? 
D2C offline again 
is more than 30%. So, 
| mean, our COCOs and FOFOs have grown up by, in 
the range of 30%-35%, and large format stores have also grown 40% plus in the quarter. 
And obviously now, how do you see, 
| mean, 
if you could give some color on how the April, 
May month has panned out, are you seeing the moving back to high single digit kind of volume 
growth? And lastly, how do you see the gross margin and EBITDA margin trajectory for FY25? 
Mehul, as much as we'd like to answer this question, 
| hope you'll appreciate that we can't 
comment on any forward-looking statements, but certainly we'll aspire to maintain and grow 
Page 5 of 14

Mehul Desai: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Mehul Desai: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
the business, certainly from here in terms of growth rate, and certainly maintain the margin 
profile as well. So we believe the company is definitely back on track with all the right initiatives 
in place, which are being, you can see 
it from the balance sheet position, which 
is the best 
basically that we've ever seen 
in the history of the company. And from here on, we're just 
focusing largely on very fundamental three or four major initiatives across the company on 
which all the functions are aligned towards, right? So that we materialize them and deliver on 
growth. So we are fairly confident, but 
| would not like to comment in terms of numbers here, 
please. 
And lastly, if you could give the reason for the gross margin compression on Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q 
basis? 
Yeah, 
| will just to explain that there are a couple of factors, common factors both for Q-o-Q 
and Y-o-Y. So as 
| mentioned that we see in other expenses there is a drop which is primarily 
driven 
by lower online commission. During campaigns, we got certain rebates on online 
commission and we did pass on a part of that through lower ASP for the D2C channel. That has 
resulted in around 1% lower gross margin. Apart from that, we have taken a one-time NRV hit 
of roughly Rs. 1.6 crores. So our COGS have gone up to that extent, and that has also resulted 
in a drop of roughly 40 basis points. So that's roughly 1.5% which 
is getting reflected both in 
quarter-on-quarter and Y-o-Y. 
Sorry, this Rs. 1.6 crore, what was it? 
It's an NRV hit, meaning that the net realizable value of some of our articles, over-ageing 
inventory articles are lower versus the cost. So we have sold certain articles in the subsequent 
period at a lower than the cost of production, and that has impacted the P&L by Rs. 1.6 crores. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Could you please share what is the ASP difference in online versus straight channel? And are 
we seeing premiumization play out there? Because historic years, we have seen 
a strong 
premiumization in online and EBO channels. 
Right, so there has been certain ASP increase in both the channels. We have definitely seen 
some bit in online as well, but like 
| shared earlier, we are focusing on a complete portfolio, 
comprehensive portfolio strategy as of now, going forward, right because this 
is what the 
market demands. So there could be slight dip in ASP. 
| mean, maybe the ASP won't grow at the 
same pace, but that would be more than offset in terms of the higher volumes that we'll be 
able to command and that will offset any loss in terms of ASP. So that's basically the strategy 
as of now going forward, Ankit. 
Page 6 of 14

Ankit Kedia: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Videesha Sheth: 
So 
is 
it fair to assume that now the online channel 
is going to get an inventory after a few 
months of offline launch of the comprehensive strategy you are doing or what is the strategy, 
how do you play that strategy if can just give a little more on that? 
Sure. So portfolio is specific to each channel. So we don't have 
a common portfolio anymore. 
There 
is 
no conflict, especially between the online and GTM, between GT. So there 
is 
a 
complete segregation of portfolio across all price points between both the channels. EBO, 
however continues to carry common portfolio because this is company owned stores and we 
control all the merchandising there. And LFS again is specific to, they have a separate portfolio 
specific to their needs. So basically we have a complete comprehensive portfolio across every 
single touch point today across all the channels, across 
all the price points and categories 
including not just limited to shoes but we've also increased the salience slightly towards more 
open as well during seasonal times, right, during the summers. So we need to give higher 
portfolio in terms of sandals, slippers and school shoes as well. So that's basically the strategy 
that complete full range across all price points and in decent volumes, right. 
And given that the current inventory levels are healthy, do you think discounting in the market 
has got lower in the current season compared to the past by the retailers because the feedback 
we were getting in the market for past two quarters was that they were undercutting each 
other because your breadth of retailers have increased and some of them are usually selling it 
at single digit margins. So now with the distributor consolidation happened, and however the 
retailer reach has increased. So on the ground, sort of the healthy portfolio, what has led to 
this kind of growth, which you spoke of in a couple of questions earlier? 
No, so it's not related to, 
| would say, any sort of discounting. Discounting has become better 
only, it's gone lower at the ground level in terms of retailers, mainly due to consolidation of 
distributors. 
So we have rationalized the margins, we have reassessed the schemes and 
incentives and the way they have been designed is basically for a win-win situation both from 
the company's perspective and the partner's perspective. That's the way we are addressing this 
current issue at hand. And going forward as well, we will continue because the strategy is 
panned out really well, and we have seen growth coming in from this. We will continue to 
maintain 
it. 
| don't see any challenge 
in terms of discounting, 
like we've not gotten that 
feedback. It's lately become much better, especially after segregation of the online and offline 
portfolio. We don't hear of over discounting at the moment from the market. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Just one small clarification. When you said that there is no discounting in the channel anymore, 
does that also mean that the channel inventory is largely normalized at the moment? 
Page 7 of 14

Nikhil Agarwal: 
Videesha Sheth: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Tanmay Gupta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Tanmay Gupta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Tanmay Gupta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
No, what 
| meant is that so a retailer in distribution business, they end up giving at least 10% 
to 12% average discounts across all geographies. So that is just like the average that we know 
of. And initially when there used to be conflict, then the discounting became higher when there 
was conflict between the online and offline trade. So what 
| meant earlier 
in my earlier 
statement was that, that conflict has gone away. Therefore, the discounting have been 
normalized and have come back to the 10% levels in the distribution business at the retailer 
level. And therefore, keeping that in mind, we have rationalized and optimized the margin 
structure across the channel trade now to make sure that discounting does not increase again. 
Okay, so where does the channel inventory stand as of today? 
Is 
it still elevated or now it's 
largely normalized? 
It 
is fairly 
in control. We don't see barring maybe just one or two areas, which 
is not very 
concerning. We are fairly comfortable in terms of channel inventory at the moment. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tanmay Gupta from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, actually our plan was to increase the channel mix from 50:50 versus our trade distribution 
and D2C. Now, given that the trade distribution channel has been growing faster than D2C, 
how we look this mix to reach again to 50:50 level? 
Tanmay, we are definitely still very much on the same track in terms of 50:50 split. We are very 
happy with how the distribution channel has come up in quarter four. And but that does not 
mean that online channels will not grow. 
It was just a transient thing this year where online 
sales got substituted between 020 and marketplace. Therefore, but now that channel has also 
reached a 
level of stabilization in terms of the split that happened. And going forward, we will 
definitely see growth from the online channel as well, which would take us back to 50:50 split. 
Understood and the advertisement level will continue to remain higher for that? 
Yes, so we have been trending at about 7% A&P spend this year FY24. We do not foresee any 
reduction in that at the moment. So we'll probably continue to spend in the range of 6% to 7% 
for sure. 
And sir last on the current environment, so we have seen that the last year was not being very 
encouraging in the sports category. We have seen a decline in revenue. So is the market still 
challenging or we are hoping some kind of recovery in the second half or in second quarter? 
It's difficult to comment in terms of the outlook, right? The macro trends at the moment seem 
normal. 
| mean, they're not too bad and not too great. They're pretty average. And also, this is 
really not the main season time for us as a brand. So quarter two, as you know, quarter two is 
Page 8 of 14

Tanmay Gupta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Ankit Kedia: 
basically the smallest quarter and followed by quarter one. But certainly, 
like 
| mentioned 
earlier, we made some portfolio adjustments and changes in terms of incorporating a bit more 
towards economical segment and open category to offset a bit of cyclical and seasonal nature 
of the business towards quarter one and two as well. So we'll continue with that, but 
| won't 
be able to really comment towards the macro side of things how the market pans out. 
So North India was basically de-growing versus the other parts of the country. So 
is that 
continued to see right now also? 
Not in quarter four. In quarter four, we have grown north by almost 14 odd percent the entire 
north put together. So we have seen a decent recovery in the North on the distribution side. 
And therefore, I'm sure we'll continue on that momentum. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Ankit Kedia from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, one question on margins. Given that the A&P spends will remain at elevated levels and 
pricing will not tinker much, do you think the steady-state margins now is around 16%-17% for 
the company instead of 20% in our last 2 or 3 years which we enjoyed? 
So, Ankit, we're coming out of a tough macro situation this year, as we all know, and 
| would 
say it's 
a decent recovery in terms of margin in quarter four. So going forward, certainly we'll 
aspire to maintain our margins in the range of, 
| would say, 17% to 19% EBITDA levels that is 
the aspiration, and even in this quarter four, we've delivered at 18.3. So we are taking whatever 
initiatives we have to take at the company level in order to maintain these levels, 
| would say. 
Sure, my second question is on the EBO business. We are at around 270 EBOs today. Over the 
next three years, what is the aspiration from the EBO side? One is on the growth, second is on 
the mix of COCO EBOs? 
So barring FY24, previously we continuously opened about 100 stores on average every year. 
FY24 is the only year after three years where we've opened slightly lesser number of stores at 
67. The reason being mainly because of the macros, the way this year has tended. So we just 
took a more cautiously optimistic approach and opened lesser number of stores. But going 
forward, as we see better visibility and 
| would say, BIS impact also coming 
in, we would 
certainly like to get back on track in terms of opening about 80 to 100 stores from FY25 onwards 
again, most of which would be FOFO. We've been trending at about, 
| would say, 75:25 FOFO 
to COCO ratio. So we'll continue probably to trend at that level. 
And my last question will be on the competitive intensity. While given that the imports have 
reduced, and probably in a quarter or two, we'll see them reduce further, are you seeing some 
of the unorganized markets launching their own smaller brands and fueling the market at the 
Page 9 of 14

Nikhil Agarwal: 
Ankit Kedia: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
entry-level price points at the lower level? Or you think you continue to gain market share and 
premiumization is the way forward? 
| wouldn't honestly say premiumization is the way forward for FY2S. Like 
| mentioned earlier, 
FY25 coming out of a tough macro environment for everyone, especially 
in the consumer 
discretionary sector, we will have to be more conducive towards the market environment. And 
therefore, we've decided to go in for the holistic, comprehensive portfolio approach for FY25. 
And so 
| would not really say premiumization could be there, but lower than previous years. 
But that would definitely be offset by higher offtake of volumes and that would bring 
in 
operating leverage and we're not particularly too concerned about the competition at bay 
because every company has their own strategy and Campus as a brand has been doing really 
well. The top of mind recall and the brand 
pull 
is one of the best 
in the industry and the 
category. So we continue to leverage on that position 
in terms of volume offtake and the 
category offtake. So we're fairly confident of navigating the competitive landscape. 
So just a follow up on the competitive landscape, product plays a very critical role in this. Given 
that you have in-house assembly and now a 
big part of sole manufacturing and the kind of SKU 
launches which you have been doing. How important is that and how early is the competition 
able to copy your products in the market because that will give you a clear edge versus then at 
obviously affordable price point? 
So we definitely take pride in our supply chain and our integrated supply chain, rather, right, 
which 
is one of the largest in the country. So it's not easy for anyone to replicate in terms of 
the lead time, especially that we offer. This is the shortest, and we still trend at about 60 to 65 
days of lead time from, let's say, sourcing to product launch, which is one of the best out there. 
So for anyone to even copy, firstly, 
is not that easy anymore because we have been very 
proactive in terms of protecting our IP and designs. And we have been registering a lot of the 
designs in real time basis as soon as they, and before the launch. But at the same time, even if 
somebody does copy, 
it takes the industry at least 4 to S months because our offerings are 
basically the first time that's being offered to in the country and they are latest in terms of 
designs and fashion and material science and color combinations. So for anyone to bring all of 
that in real time, it would take them a few months, at least 4 to 
S months. So we do enjoy that 
lead time advantage being the category winners in this. 
Yeah, and apart from what you mentioned, copying our designs, the ability to churn more 
designs every season that also plays a very important role. And having said that, we now focus 
more on the four large platforms like NitroFly, NitroBoost, OGs, and Air Capsule Pro and we 
invest 
all our might or our marketing spend behind those styles and the articles 
in these 
particular style or bucket, they have shown a decent amount of throughput in the distribution 
channel and that's what the focus would be going forward. 
Page 10 of 14

Moderator: 
Umang Mehta: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Lavita Lasrado: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Lavita Lasrado: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil, in past you have shared that on Flipkart, Campus had gained share. Would you have any 
update and would you be still having access to some of that competitive data on marketplaces? 
Have you gained share? 
So we don't get that. We don't have that data at the moment, but the strategy that we followed 
for marketplaces, we have been gaining share across the channels. And both Amazon and 
Flipkart, which are the largest portals in the country have done very, very well for the brand. 
Therefore, the marketplace business salience, 
| would say has gone up across both these 
platforms, followed by Myntra as well. And so that has basically made up for the loss in terms 
of the 020 business. So 
| won't be able to comment on exact numbers, but we have seen a 
fair 
share of growth across the three platforms. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Lavita Lasrado from Mirae Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
So you mentioned the growth in some of the key regions that we cater to. So do you think we 
are yet to see recovery in some of the markets? If yes, then which are those markets? And also, 
what would be our key selling point? Do we see a large aspirational value as compared to the 
competition at the moment? Thank you. 
Hi, so we do have many pockets of low-lying or low-hanging fruits across the trade channel, 
especially in the regions of 
| would like to maintain South and West. North as well, wherever 
we did 
lose 
in terms of a 
little 
bit of market share over the 
last 2-3 quarters, we have 
significantly recovered 
in Quarter 
4. And South and West do continue to 
be the priority 
territories for us. And for those also regions, we have calibrated the portfolio accordingly, 
which is specific to the territories. And that's the approach we've taken. So these largely would 
be the focused territories for us. What was your follow-up question on this? 
So then second question, 
| was highlighting is what would be our key selling points from here 
on and do we see large aspirational value as compared to the competition in our categories? 
Absolutely. Like 
| mentioned earlier, the brand recall is extremely high. It's the number one top 
of mind brand. We have been spending north of 6% to 7% for the past few years now in terms 
of A&P spend. And that 
is 
in terms of absolute value, 
by far the largest 
in the category. 
Therefore, 
we'll continue to invest 
in terms of marketing and brand 
building, which 
will 
continue to lead towards brand aspiration. And the value for the brand that we offer is basically 
parallel to none. So certainly, we'll continue to focus on that. 
Page 11 of 14

Moderator: 
Akshen Takkar: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Akshen Thakkar: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshen Thakkar from FIL Industry. Please go 
ahead. 
Most of my questions have been answered. This is a very basic first principle question. 
If we 
think about BIS implementation now, given that 
it's been delayed and there have been 
extensions and competition would have had time to source material etc. How do you see BIS 
implementing your business, let's say, over the next 6 months and then over the next 3 years? 
That's the only question from my side. Thank you. 
So six months, 
| would say there could be a 
little bit of flooding of inventory in terms of non- 
BIS inventory from a number of brands out there which are out there. But over the long term, 
we certainly see a 
lot of value being derived because 
Jan onwards, all the imports have anyways 
been stopped. So there is very limited volume as of today or inventory across various brands 
and in terms of imported goods. So that would obviously have limited days of inventory. So we 
are not very concerned about, like 
| said, the next six months, we have a very good strategy 
which has been panning out really well in terms of we have a very good focus on the non-BIS 
goods as well and we have brought down the number of days of non-BIS holding significantly 
in the last, 
| would say, four to five months, given the focus that we've had month on month. 
So we're tracking it very closely. We're monitoring the liquidation of this inventory at very, very 
good prices. Therefore, we are very confident of selling the entire non-BIS inventory much, 
much ahead of the June 2025 deadline. Therefore, we don't see any short-term impact from 
the, let's say, flooding of that inventory from other players in the market. But we certainly see 
a good upside in the long term, over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Just one follow up, Nikhil, to that. Last year, year and a half have been challenging for the 
company, with the macro, with certain D2C businesses not doing well. Given where we are and 
the pivot in the strategy that we have done, what is your confidence level of getting to, let's 
say, double digit growth to start with and then a mid-teen kind of growth that, you know, one 
would have thought a company of your scale size and the industry that you cater to should be 
possible. I'm not asking you for a guidance. I'm just trying to understand, are you confident that 
you can get there in a few quarters? Or do you think it's still wait and watch? 
No, sure, Akshen, fair question. So we do have a good visibility in terms of getting there sooner 
than later. The only question remains again is in terms of macros, as long as they remain stable 
and not too volatile or too depressed, right? 
| don't see really much of a challenge from here 
on, given the new strategy that we've pivoted to. And so fairly confident of getting there. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Harsh Shah from Bandhan AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 12 of 14

Harsh Shah: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Harsh Shah: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Harsh Shah: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Harsh Shah: 
Nikhil Agarwal: 
Harsh Shah: 
Nikhil, you mentioned in your opening remarks that we've taken deliberate attempts to kind 
of bring down our receivable days. So 
| just wanted to understand between the D2C and the 
trade distribution, what are the receivable days now and compared to what they were before? 
Hi, this is Sanjay. We have seen an overall reduction in our receivable days, primarily driven by 
the shift in channels. So when 
| talk about distribution, the normal outstanding there is in the 
range of 45 to 60 days. As far as D2C 
is concerned, there 
is, again, 
a mix of B2B, O20, and 
marketplace. So marketplace business normally churns cash faster in terms around 21 to 30 
days. Last year we had a major chunk in B2B business as well, which has shrunk to roughly SO%. 
So that shift in channel from B2B, 020 to marketplace has resulted in 
a D2C DSO improving by 
at least 50%. And that's what has got reflected in the overall DSOs. So it's 
a channel dynamics 
impact. And as far as the conscious effort from the organization is concerned, we have become 
more sort of there are robust reviews to ensure that our dues are collected well in time and 
whatever cash discount and schemes are there, they are like pay for performance mode. So 
that's what we are driving and that has all resulted in a overall reduction in the receivables or 
rather overdue receivables. 
Okay, so this is the level which we can expect going ahead as well, right? 
Yeah, 
if the channel mix continues to be same, we need to understand that it's 
a sum total of 
all the channels we are operating and what kind of saliency we have in those respective sub- 
channels. 
And secondly on ad spend, this quarter 
the ad spends were low, right? They were declined over 
the base quarter. So is this more of a timing issue, or is it kind of something else, basically or is 
it something to do with the channel mix like D2C, 
| mean, salience would have come down or? 
No, nothing of that sort. As 
| mentioned earlier, that ad spends you need to read at a H2 level, 
that would be more meaningful. Why? Because we did consciously front-ended as far as ad 
spend is concerned. We overspent in Q3 or other in the season, both in terms of ATL spends, 
TV, and also the performance marketing. And accordingly, 
| mean, H2 was sort of recalibrated 
or it's purely a phasing between two quarters. But overall, if you look at H2, our spends were 
higher versus last year by roughly around Rs. 10 crores. 
And in our DRHP, given the data of digital spends, there's a proportion of ad spend, right? What 
would that number be for FY24? 
By digital spend, if you mean the performance marketing spend, that would be roughly around 
Rs. 60 odd crores. 
Rs. 60 odd crores out of the Rs. 100 crores which you spent this year, right? 
Page 13 of 14

Nikhil Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Umang Mehta: 
Sanjay Chhabra: 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Just wondering the split of online in terms of B2B and 020 sales in FY24 and what was that 
number in FY23? Does that mean how much sales you lost in the online channel? 
That number has come down to half. It was roughly Rs. 300 odd crores last year, which is in the 
range of Rs. 160 crores this year. 
Thank you. That was the last question for today's concall. On behalf of Campus Activewear 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and 
in case of any further 
queries, 
please 
reach 
out 
to 
Campus 
Activewear’s 
Investor 
Relations 
Team 
at 
ird@campusshoes.com. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 14 of 14
