 
 
No. 2019/IRCTC/CS/STEX/356  
 
 
 
 
June 04, 2024   
  
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trade Wing, Rotunda 
Building Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542830 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block-G, 
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: IRCTC 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet – Transcript of Earning Conference 
Call for the quarter (Q4) and year ended 31st March 2024 held on 
Wednesday, May 29, 2024. 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, 
  
Sir/Ma’am, 
  
In reference to our communication dated May 29, 2024, please find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of Earning Conference Call for the quarter (Q4) and year ended 31st 
March 2024 held on Wednesday, May 29, 2024. 
  
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
   
Thanking you. 
  
Yours sincerely, 
 
For and on behalf of Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
  
 
  
(Suman Kalra) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F9199 
 
Encl: a/a 
suman 
kalra
Digitally signed by suman kalra 
DN: c=IN, o=Indian Railway Catering and 
Tourism Corporation Ltd, ou=Company 
Secretory, 
2.5.4.20=97d540451782e28473735b6f729b
19b358c83ac8f8cc2024f33c3f49078d3e9d, 
postalCode=110001, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=4deeb12f23f611e01f72faeb
d9647ad036cef3343d11ad1af4409df02068
217c, cn=suman kalra 
Date: 2024.06.04 16:20:23 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation 
Limited 
Q4 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2024@1600hrs. 
 
 
       
 
 
  
  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY KUMAR JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – IRCTC LIMITED. 
 
MR. AJIT KUMAR – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – IRCTC LIMITED. 
 
DR. LOKIAH RAVIKUMARJI -- DIRECTOR - CATERING 
SERVICES – IRCTC LIMITED 
 
MR. RAHUL HIMALIAN -- DIRECTOR - TOURISM AND 
MARKETING SEGMENT – IRCTC LIMITED. LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL MARKETS 
LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the IRCTC Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, Guest. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, we welcome you all 
to the Q4 conference and annual results for IRCTC Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome 
the management of IRCTC, represented by Mr. Sanjay Kumar Jain, who is CMD of the 
company; and Mr. Ajit Kumar ji, who is Director of Finance and CFO of the company. Also, we 
have today with us Dr. Lokiah Ravikumar ji, who is Director of Catering Services; and Mr. 
Rahul Himalian ji, who is Director for Tourism and Marketing segment. 
And now, I would like to hand the conference over to IRCTC Management to take the 
proceeding forward. Over to you, please. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Thank you, Rahul. A very good afternoon to everybody and a warm welcome to this concall of 
IRCTC for the quarter, year-ending March 2024. At the outset, I'm happy to announce that your 
company has achieved its highest ever revenue and highest ever profit, setting a new benchmark 
in its journey as a listed company. 
I shall first give an overall view about financial year 2024 and quarter -- this quarter results, post 
which, I will ask my Director of Finance and CFO to provide the details of the performance of 
our company, business-wise, segment-wise. We shall have then the question-and-answer 
session. 
I am pleased to report that Q4 has been an exceptional quarter for our company, in which we 
have achieved an all-time high revenue of INR1,155 crores. This represents a robust growth of 
19.7% year-on-year. The catering segment has notably driven this quarter revenue, showcasing 
the strength and potential of this business area. 
For the financial year 2024, we have achieved a remarkable operating revenue of INR4,270 
crores, reflecting a substantial growth of more than 20% year on year. Our EBITDA raised at 
INR1,466 crores, marking a 14.89% increase year-on-year. PAT before exceptional items for 
the financial year is outstanding INR1,170 crores, significantly up from INR978 crores year-on-
year basis. Overall, these results underscore our company's strong performance and resilience. 
We look forward to continue this positive momentum and delivering sustained growth and 
profitability in the coming quarters. 
Our Board has recommended a final dividend of INR4 per share subject to shareholders' 
approval, which takes the total dividend of INR6.5 per share for this financial year. The total 
dividend of INR6.50 per share for the face value of INR2 per share, the highest ever dividend 
declared in the history of IRCTC. 
I'd like to conclude my opening remarks and shall hand over the call to my colleague and 
Director Finance & CFO; Mr. Ajit Kumar to brief you on the financial and segmental 
performance of the company. Thank you very much. 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Ajit Kumar: 
Good afternoon, everybody, and I hope you and your dear ones are in good health. I shall first 
give a brief overview about annual performance and then Q4 FY '24 results, post which, we will 
have the question-and-answer session. 
The annual performance of FY '24. Our annual operating revenue for FY '24 reached an 
impressive INR4,270 crores, reflecting a substantial 20.5% year-over-year growth. This 
achievement underscores our sustained momentum and a strategic expansion efforts. Absolute 
EBITDA increased by 14.89% year-over-year to INR1,466 crores with our EBITDA margin 
remaining stable at 34.3% compared to 36% year-over-year. This stability demonstrates our 
effective management as well as operational efficiency despite changes in our revenue mix. Net 
profit before exceptional items sore to INR1,170 crores, significantly higher than INR978 crores 
in the previous year. 
Now quarterly performance, that is Q4 FY '24. For Q4 FY '24, we achieved another quarter of 
robust growth with revenues reaching INR1,155 crores, marking a 3.3% quarter-over-quarter 
and just under 20% year-over-year increase. This growth was primarily driven by our Catering 
segment, which despite its relatively lower margin contributed significantly to our overall 
revenue. 
Now the business segments highlights with different segments. The first one, Internet Ticketing, 
the Internet Ticketing segment continues to demonstrate this resilience, especially with the 
transition of reserved ticket back to unreserved ticket as during the prepandemic period. The 
segment reported a revenue of INR342.4 crores, growing by 2.1% quarter-over-quarter and 16% 
year-over year. EBIT margin remains robust at 80.3% despite minor variations, that is 83% 
quarter-over-quarter and 88.1% year-over-year, reflecting our strong market position and 
operational efficiency. 
Now, the next segment is Catering. Our Catering segment maintained its strong growth 
momentum with revenue rising to INR530.8 crores, an increase of 4.5% quarter-over-quarter 
and 34.1% year-over-year. While the EBIT margin moderated to 8.7%, that is 15.4% quarter-
over-quarter and 12.1% year-over-year. The segment's revenue growth underscores the 
increasing demand and our ability to scale operations effectively as per the need. 
Next segment is Tourism. The Tourism segment showed a solid quarter-over-quarter growth of 
3.2% with revenue at INR201.7 crores. Although there was a slight year-over-year decline, the 
EBIT margin was strong at 9.4%, that is 12.1% quarter-over-quarter and 13.5% year-over-year, 
indicating the segment's resilience and potential for future growth. 
The next segment is Rail Neer. The Rail Neer reported steady revenue of just under INR80 
crores, stable quarter-over-quarter, while achieving a 13.9% year-over-year growth. The EBIT 
margin improved significantly to 13.3%, recovering from a loss on a quarter-over-quarter basis 
and achieving 18.6% on a year-on-year basis, showcasing our efforts to enhance profitability as 
well as the market reach. 
Now, the overall, our Q4 FY '24 results highlights, a successful year of growth and a strategic 
execution. We remain committed to building on this momentum and delivering sustained value 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
to our stakeholders. For Q4 FY '24, the capex was INR55 crores taking the capex for FY '24 to 
finally INR240 crores. The cash and bank balances to the company, as of the end of FY '24, is 
INR2,263 crores and net worth is INR3,230 crores. 
This brings me to the end of my opening remarks. Now we will have the question-and-answer 
session, and if there is any specifically any data, which is required -- I mean, very minor data or 
any specific data, then you can always e-mail to the CIRO, Mr. Anil Sharma. And then, they 
will provide the data as per the books of accounts. So now we can straightaway move to the 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, my question is on our Catering division. So if I look at our EBIT margin, which used to 
hover in the band of about 15% to 17% in the last 3 quarters, they have come down to about 
8.7%. So any specific reason for such a sharp deterioration? And how should we look at the 
margin trajectory over the next couple of quarters? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Mr. Joshi, it's a nice question, and very pertinent one. I know that all of you must be liking to 
know the reason for the dip. In fact, if you see -- if you compare our Catering revenue of -- on a 
quarter-to-quarter basis of last, say, quarter of -- fourth quarter of 2023, and this quarter 4 of 
2024, you will see that the margin is almost the same. Last year, in Q4 it was INR48 crores. This 
year, in Q4 it is INR46 crores. 
The reason being, you see the -- in the segment side, the revenue from Catering has increased 
many-fold. It has increased by, say, INR500 crores and -- yes, during the year. And in the quarter 
also, it has increased from INR507 crores to INR530 crores. So what happened? Because of 
charging of -- assigning overhead cost as per the revenue segment, this booking of expenditure 
of administrative nature has been done on this segment more than any other segment. 
Then, we have a 5% cost on our GST for the mobile(pre-paid) catering services, which we 
provide. And during this quarter, this is like -- if you see the history, this is the highest in -- 
generally higher compared to other quarters. And what we have done, because of our longterm 
catering contract, which we have already entered to and in the process of entering a few more, 
what we have done, we have provided a depreciated cost of 9 departmental kitchens, which we 
are running at the moment, which we will not be running anymore after finalization of all the 
contracts. That also we have provided, INR2 crores of that total. So that is -- these are the main 
reasons for this. 
As far as your concern for future, I see there is no problem ahead because we are already working 
on long-term contracts. Our e-catering business has already crossed 1 lakh mark per day. Our -- 
we have entered into an MoU with Central Armed Police Forces. We are sure to get new trains, 
many more new trains because of the addition of the capacity by railways. And last, but not the 
least, you are aware that -- we all are aware of that 1,400 ABSS stations are -- Amrit Bharat 
Stations are being upgraded. We have an opportunity to grab many business there of static type, 
like food plazas at stations along with retiring room, etc. So I see a robust future rather than a 
concern. 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure, sir. Just a related follow-up. You mentioned that there was some one-off pertaining to 9 
departmental catering unit -- the cost pertaining to this catering unit. And if I heard it right, you 
mentioned that amount was INR2 crores, which again is not a very big sum. And again, you also 
highlighted that there was 5% GST on mobile catering, but I believe that should be a pass-
through. 
So I'm still not very clear as to what basically led to a sharp deterioration because from INR78 
crores in terms of absolute EBIT, we are down to about INR46 crores, which is a swing of about 
INR30 crores, INR40 crores. So if you can just probably call out one big cost line item, which 
is sitting in the... 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
I got your point, Mr. Joshi. I mentioned about INR2 crores that I want to be very fair with us 
that we don't want to continue with the legacy. If you are closing down, then INR2 crores is also 
a very important figure. But the main reason which I told you was the annual overhead charging 
onto the segment of administrative cost. 
I'll just give you an example of it. INR21 crores was the administrative cost. And because this 
segment revenue confirms to around 45% to 50% of the revenue, so around 50% of that has been 
charged on this segment. So though our overall profit is best ever, we have followed that formula 
of charging overhead as per the segmental revenue. So here, we have charged around INR11 
crores. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
This is much clear. Sir, second bookkeeping question is with respect to the jump in CWIP on 
your balance sheet. So if I see the CWIP number for FY '24, that is at about INR440 crores. And 
the swing is quite high because in FY '23, that number was INR33 crores. So can you highlight 
what does this pertain to given the fact that we do not have any major capex lined up? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Last year, it was as an advance -- capital advance for making our offices. This year, we have 
charged to capital works-in-progress. We have already bought it. We have paid it. We are already 
in the process of making our -- renovating the process for final view. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Okay. Got that. Sir, one last question from my side. If you can just provide a breakup between 
the convenience and non-convenience fee for the quarter and also the total number of tickets 
booked. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
So you will be happy to know that this quarter we have booked an average daily tickets 12.91 
lakh, which is the highest ever again. And this financial year, we have achieved a daily ticket 
booking of 12.38 lakh tickets per day as compared to 11.82 lakhs tickets per day last year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, and the breakup between convenience and non-convenience fee for the quarter, if you can 
just share that? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
INR1,18 crores of total non-convenience fee, and INR224 crores is the convenience fee. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
These are the figures for the full year, right? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
We will give you the breakup. There is no problem. We will share that with you. 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Sir, just a question on Catering business. So right now, we have about 470-plus trains and 700-
plus trains under Tier 3. So what are our plans to add more units for FY -- whatever current units 
under FY '24? And what would be your plans for FY '25? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. Mr. Pranav, we -- at the moment, putting together, we are running 1,265 units in all. And 
this includes all kinds of contracts, mobile contracts. But as the new trains will get introduced, 
we'll add the numbers. I can't give that number right now because it is basically over the years 
regularly trains are introduced, and we are asked to provide the catering services. 
Now, your concern, maybe how many more numbers we'll be able to add. So what is the 
expectation? So exact number, I can't give, but we all listen from the various speeches or various 
notification or various press release by railways and its ministry, we get to know that mostly 
they are now working to introduce more and more number of Vande Bharat trains. And this 
opens for us a very good opportunity to add numbers and numbers and numbers. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
And the current capacity utilization at -- about -- of our Rail Neer plants? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see, last year, it was 11 lakh bottles per day that we were utilizing. This year, we have 
improved it to 12 lakh bottles per day. And you will be happy to know that at the moment, we 
are like utilizing around -- supplying around 14.5 lakh bottles per day. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
This is a bit lesser than FY '23. FY '23, we had about 15.52 lakh bottles per day, so So, we will 
leave it for the decline? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
No, no, that may be a peak average because what I got the information, I will capture it. It was 
11 lakh only. And this year, it has improved to 12 lakh for this benefit. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Rohit Jain from Tara Capital. 
Rohit Jain: 
Just some more questions regarding the catering business. Can you help us understand what's 
the status of the dispute on license fee? Where are we on that? And whenever that dispute is 
resolved, how much incremental revenue from licensee fee can we expect going forward? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
I could not get your name, sorry. 
Rohit Jain: 
Yes, my name is Rohit, Rohit Jain. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Rohit, you know that this matter is under sub judice. And I should not share this in a public 
forum. Thank you very much. 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. I mean I understand that, but can you just tell us how much is the claim from your side? 
I mean, how much are you claiming that you are entitled to receive? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see, it would not be good on my part to share any number. 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Rohit Jain: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. So for the year, the margin for the catering business, I think, was 
around 12%, if I'm not mistaken. There were some overhead expenses that you had to allocate 
in the fourth quarter. Can you help us sort of -- can you tell us what would the margin look like 
for FY '25? What is the number that we should work with for the entire year? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
See, our -- I'm looking forward to around 15%. 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. So FY '25, 15% is the number that we should sort of work with? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Yes. 
Rohit Jain: 
Understood. And in the quarter, there was a sequential decline in the margins for the Ticketing 
segment. I think it declined from 83odd percent level to 80%. Can you help us understand what 
drove that? And what is the kind of number that we should work with in this segment going 
forward? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
Yes. You see, it is -- because of the government policy on UPI. Nowadays, UPI is much more 
in use. And there, we are charging less than a normal ticketing, right? Here, we charge INR20 
and INR10, around 1/3 in discount tickets. 
Rohit Jain: 
So can you tell us what was the percentage of tickets booked using UPI in this quarter versus 
earlier quarters? And what should we expect going forward? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Exact figure, I will give you for the quarter by details. But overall, you see it has increased to 
39%. It was 33%. 
Rohit Jain: 
So it has increased from 39% to -- 33% to 39%. So would it be fair to say that if this number 
stays around this level, then 80% would be the new norm for convenience fee? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
I could not get your question. 
Rohit Jain: 
Sorry. I mean what I'm trying to say is that if the percentage of tickets booked using UPI, let's 
say, is around 39% going forward then should the margin in the Ticketing segment be around 
80% going forward? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
See, you should see it like this in absolute terms, how much we are increasing. And from 83% 
booking as one day, how can we improve to say 85% kind of thing. So here, I have to say 2 
things. First thing is, yes, something between 80%, 83%. That's if you take a real assess about 
this. But if you see that we are exploring on non-convenience fee to improve our margin. 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. I have 2 more questions. One question that I have is, when should we expect, let's say, 
next round of tariff hikes for the Catering segment? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
It's an ongoing process and it is not dependent on us. It is taken by -- a decision taken by a 
ministry based on many things. One amongst them is the market inflation and all. 
Rohit Jain: 
Okay. But -- I mean any tentative time line, whether it's -- it can happen this year, next year? Or 
do you have any clarity at all? 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see last time also I told that life expectancy has now increased to 79 years. So we can't say 
that each person will live to that and who will live to that. So what I'm trying to say and suggest 
here that I'm not the authority so I should not comment. Whenever the situation arises, it happens. 
Rohit Jain: 
And just one last feedback from my side, and this has been mentioned on IRCTC's call earlier 
also. It would be really helpful if you can release the deck with your earnings release, which has 
all the granular data regarding number of tickets booked using UPI, a number of tickets booked 
every day. It would be helpful for us as investors, if you -- if we have a deck so that we can sort 
of get those data in a readily available manner. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
I don't see any problem in this. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from MC Pro. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
So I have a couple of questions. The first question is on the Tourism margin. I mean we see a 
drop again in the fourth quarter. And the margin has kind of been pretty volatile one earlier in 
the year. It was because of the haulage charges. So now can you explain what is the sustainable 
level of margin in the Tourism segment. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
So it should be like 8% to 9%. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
And any particular reason why it dropped to 5.9% in the fourth quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Yes, because of charging of -- the haulage charge on Tejus revenue by Railways with 
retrospecting effect. That is the main cause. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
So that continued in the fourth quarter also? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
No, no. The issue is not that. The issue is that a retrospective, it implemented with the 
retrospective effect. And we have already we presented to Ministry of Railway in this regard. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay. Understood. So -- I mean what makes you confident about 8% kind of a margin going 
forward? The haulage charges will not be implemented? Or it is after factoring in the haulage 
charges? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
I could not get your questions properly. Come again. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
My question is in FY '25, would you still be glad to pay the haulage charges to the Railway? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
See, if I run the train, I have to bring operating efficiency and do some marketing effort to 
improve our like occupancy and improved non-fare revenue. I have look forward for other things 
for the profit or margin or revenue. This is how -- have been like a railway or airlines work. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay. And my second question is a housekeeping one. You have reported a revenue of INR342.4 
crores in the Internet ticketing. If you could break it up between convenience and non-
convenience, please? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Yes, it is around INR224 crores is a convenience fee and remaining is a non-convenience. 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
And what is the total number of tickets sold in the fourth quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
It is 12.91 lakh per day. I can give you the numbers. That we'll be able to send you also. Let me 
see. Total ticket book is 11,74,45,000. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
11,74,45,000. Okay. That's it. 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Any such information you want, you can send mail to our CIRO, Mr. Anil Sharma will be happy 
to share that. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Yes. As one of our colleague pointed out, if you could put it in a deck that would really be 
helpful. We will avoid all this housekeeping questions, hence forward. My last question is which 
seg -- like in FY '24, Catering business was the key driver of revenue growth. Going forward in 
FY '25 and beyond, what are the segments which are going to kind of lead the growth according 
to you? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see, if -- before answering that, first of all, let us understand or let me explain that, we are 
working in an environment and largely environment related to railway at the moment. And if 
you see how railway is growing or how infrastructure and railway is growing, how the 
opportunity in the economy growing and railway percent particularly growing. I see that 
business opportunity starts with booking of tickets and then serving these people with our 
catering rail neer and tourism packages or tourism products. 
So I see -- whereas I see that there will be incremental growth in the ticketing, but we have yet 
to capture the other 3 products to -- it's a good level. So opportunity is there. Our product mix 
will certainly change and which is changing also, you see quarter-by-quarter. So in absolute 
terms, we will be certainly going very high. But as the product mix will increase, the profit 
margin of the segment will decide the ultimate things. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Deepesh Lakhani from Dolat Capital. 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Yes. So I just wanted to know what led growth in State Teertha segment in this quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see this quarter is basically election declared. So model code of conduct has been 
implemented. So I can give you the figure. We will share the figure. But first say, this quarter, 
is not for this specific case of business because we have MoU with 6 or 7 states, but we are not 
able to run the trains, right? We have MoU with Chhattisgarh. We have MoU with Uttarakhand, 
Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Goa, all these states we have MoU. There is a demand, but we are 
not able to -- we could not able to run the train because of model code of conduct. 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Okay. And also wanted to know how many prepaid trains are there in catering? And the margins 
operated in prepaid catering are lower or higher than the non-prepaid ones? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You see there are 563 prepaid trains. Yes, just a moment. Please hold on. We have 120 prepaid 
trains and remaining 443 mail express trains and we have 702 this TSV. Certainly, if you go by 
the train, the train wise, then prepaid trains will have certainly better margin or better revenue 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
potential than the mail express because here, you charge the customer at the time of booking the 
tickets. So it is certainly more. 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Okay. And just a bookkeeping question. I wanted to know the I-PAY revenues for this quarter? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
It is around INR100 something in this quarter. 
Deepesh Lakhani: 
Sorry, can you come again? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
It is INR22.35 crores. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Ayush, an Individual Investor. 
Ayush: 
Just want to go ahead with regards to the catering business. So we have seen like good growth 
trajectory this year. Just wanted to understand about how the recent tie-ups with Swiggy, Zomato 
is playing out? And if you can comment on incremental revenue from -incremental revenue 
contribution from the aggregators? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
You see, we have started this year with around 60,000, 60,000 bookings per day, it has crossed 
1 lakh mark during this month only. So it's a very good growing and already, we have boarded 
2 main aggregators. So I feel that it's good business for us and we have 15% margin. You see, 
we booked around INR1.5 crores worth of booking daily, and we get 15% out of that. 
Ayush: 
Okay. And is it like you have expanded to all the stations? Or is it just like 50, 60, which you 
highlighted like when -- once you signed up the MoU? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
No. We have 407 stations already covered and we'll expand it slowly. 
Ayush: 
And how is the trajectory going ahead like in FY '25, what are your expectations with regards 
to the thing? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Internal target, we have cash around INR1.5 lakh not to be disclosed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hardik Kanthariya, an Individual Investor. 
Hardik Kanthariya: 
Sir, I want to ask one question. A couple of quarters ago, we saw one filing that we have formed 
a new company with the payment gateway business. So, I just wanted to ask, is it only for the 
book ticket side? Or do you also want to get into the payment gateway business as well? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
No, we are applying for license with -- from RBI, of course, for payment gateway. 
Hardik Kanthariya: 
Does it mean that we'll provide the payment gateway services to the enterprises? Or is it only 
for the -- our own ticketing business? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain:  
Yes, it will be for everybody. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Rattan Joneja from CoValue Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Rattan Joneja: 
Sanjay, sir, I have a few questions for you regarding Internet ticketing. My first question is about 
the recent announcement of the -- to remove the wait list passengers by the Indian Railways with 
a span of 3 to 5 years. Now does it mean that for these trains, the unreserved category will go 
away, and you will have to -- they will come on our site to book the tickets. That's my first 
question. 
Second question is our rates for convenience fees are the same as for Vande Bharat versus the 
normal other trains? Is there a plan to increase the tariffs or change it to the mode -- percentage 
mode in the near future? 
Sanjay Kumar Jain: 
You told about waiting list ticket in next 3, 4 years, very specific it is 2,000 charges. And it does 
not mean that wait -- this unreserved ticketing will go away and the coaches will go away. What 
I could understand from the various notifications, not official notification, news reporting and 
all, the government is thinking of providing a smooth transition facility, transport facility that is 
environment friendly, that is railway. And there, you need not have a waiting list. They will 
enhance the capacity to ensure that we give the ticket as we did that. 
And if you see the pipeline, if you see the investment like INR2.4 lakh crores being invested in 
railways, DFCC also is coming up sharing line capacity from the diagonals and the number of 
coaches and locos being planned, number of Vande Bharat trains being planned. So I think that 
does not mean that unreserved coaches will go away. That will remain there. In unreserved, you 
don't need a waiting list. You can board the train with the unreserved ticket. So that's the first 
question. 
The second question is about the convenience fee in Vande Bharat train, which is this other 
trains. It is the same. There is no change. And is there any plan? Once we plan, you will know. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Thank you very much for your I mean, insights and what we see the questions, there is always 
an opportunity to understand and learn and drive for the future. And if there is any other -- I 
mean, with your query and all that, the CIRO, Mr. Anil Sharma you can always send it and we 
love that your -- any suggestion is welcome. And so we look forward that in the next quarter, 
we will come with a new robust growth. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
