Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Al<zoNobel 
21st May 2024 
The Listing Department 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai -400051 
Scrip Code: 500710 
Symbol: AKZOINDIA 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Investor Call Transcript 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
investor call conducted by the company on 17th May 2024 regarding the standalone and 
consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2024.
This has been uploaded on the Company website also and can be accessed through the link: 
hnps://akzonobel .co. in/inreslors. php#i m 
Thanking you. 
Yours truly, 
For Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Rajiv L Jha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5948 
Encl: as above. 
Magnum Towers, 9th Floor 
T +91 124 485 2400 
Golf Course Extension Road, Sector-58 
www.akzonobel.co.in 
Gurugram -122 011 
Haryana, India 
Regl■lered Office Geelonjan Apartment. lit Floor. 8-8. Middleton StrMt. Kolkata • 700 071 CIN. L24292WB1954PLC021516 
RAJIV 
LOCHAN 
JHA
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV 
LOCHAN JHA 
Date: 2024.05.21 
18:26:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Akzo Nobel India Limited  
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 17, 2024 
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV RAJGOPAL – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA RALLAPALLI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AKZO NOBEL 
INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT G. TOTLA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV L. JHA – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Akzo 
Nobel Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. As always, it's an absolute pleasure and privilege to host the conference call of 
Akzo Nobel. We have the senior management from the company today, represented by Mr. Rajiv 
Rajgopal, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. R Krishna, CFO and Whole-Time Director; 
and Mr. Rajiv Jha, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
 
Without much ado, over to Rajiv for the opening remarks, post which we'll open for Q&A. Over 
to you Sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Good afternoon to everyone. I just want to firstly thank all of you for taking your valuable time 
out and joining us for the investor call. As always, for me, the investor call is about giving an 
opportunity to all of you to ask. I'm here joined by the team today R. Krishna, who is the CFO 
of the company; Rajiv Jha, who is the Company Secretary. And for the first time, more as a 
participant and observer. We've got Rohit Totla, who is the Whole-Time Director, who is 
looking after the decorative paints business. So he has just come onto the Board. So really will 
sort -- be sort of just observing the proceedings, and it's a part of building talent for the future, 
pretty much what I went through when I joined the company in 2015 and '16 before I went to 
Dubai. Yes. 
 
So really pleasure. What we want to do today is really to give time to all of you for the Q&A. 
We've loaded the presentation onto the website. So for those of you who are very curious too, I 
don't think this is about -- the investor call is about my presentation skill set. So I'm going to 
spare you the trouble of running through all the slides. But I'll just use the -- just talk about a 
few things which are contextually important for Akzo Nobel NV. As all of you know, our CEO, 
Greg has announced a new company purpose called Paint the Future. 
 
And we used to have the company purpose, which was more around people planet paint, and we 
decided to use Paint the Future. As many of you may be aware, that India is one of the countries 
that also ran a pilot for Paint the Future, and we wanted to bring look at futuristic innovative 
solutions and how we could get digital in the way we go. And we partnered with NASSCOM, 
and we were very fortunate to have Debjani Ghosh, who is the President of NASSCOM and her 
team helped us in doing that entire work and we will, at a point in time, well relevant bring you 
some of the outcomes of it we've already shared it earlier. 
 
So the company purpose is really moving to Paint the Future. This is about really creating the 
world of possibilities by looking at sustainability-driven innovation, superior quality and 
customer service, and most importantly, empowering our teams and collaborating for growth. I 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
think for Akzo Nobel, it's not just about innovation and our brands, but it's also about putting 
people and society first as we move ahead. 
 
So that's really the first thing I really wanted to talk about. It's there in the deck, in the early 
slides. And how could we really move to some of the things which are likely to become big 
themes as we move forward, whether it's in terms of sustainable solutions, paints and coatings, 
the 2 verticals. How can we move to a completely renewable energy, 48% to 50% of our sites 
already use renewable energy. How can we move to 100% in India and put a flag there. 
 
How do we really move to recycled plastic, not just in terms of what the government expects 
regulations, but be the thought leader, and that's what we are working on. And most importantly, 
in our CSR, how can we connect with communities to try and make sure that we are empowering 
more women. So, one of the projects that we are very proud of is a project called Indradhanush, 
where we've trained women painters and livelihoods in about 5 states. We started it small, today 
we've got about 1,000 - 2,000 women leader painters in our organization and some of them are, 
in fact, running their own stores. 
 
So really, how can we move it? How can we get a large part of our portfolio life cycle 
assessment? And most importantly, personally for me, how can you create a culture of diversity 
and inclusiveness in this organization as you move forward. On sustainable solutions, we've 
done a lot, whether it's in terms of the HullCare products for our marine ships. As many of you 
know, today, we coat most of the Navy around South Asia, and we're proud of it. We've also 
done the INS Vikrant as all of you know, where we had a large share. We are also driving 
performance of electric vehicles using our powder coatings products. And in some of the world-
class airports that you see, whether it's Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore, it's all coated with Akzo 
Nobel. 
 
And I'm really proud to be a part of the Bangalore new airport, where all the 3 products our 
powder coatings, decorative paints and our industrial coating, coil coating has been used and 
even to a small way, even our protective coatings. So really, that's what it is about. And we've 
got world-class products particularly brands like Sikkens and Lesonal, which give a lot of 
productivity and lowering energy costs in our workshops. 
 
We've also signed in, as they call a brand ambassador, Rocking Star Yash, needs no introduction. 
The first celebrity who has really made it very big in just 2 movies across INR1,000 crores. 
Yash, as he is endorsing a brand called Weathershield Powerflexx. And as you would expect, 
the idea was to really make inroads into Southern markets - Karnataka and AP where we are 
present. 
 
We've had a great start. And you've done a lot in terms of launch of whether it's in our premium 
portfolio or even in our projects portfolio as we move forward. For me, a moment of pride is 
really around saying that we won a trusted brand award -- and for the second time in a row, and 
that's to be really heartening because that's really what really this organization is all about. 
 
So that's what I really wanted to cover. I think the financials are there for you. Krishna can just 
talk through the financials in a couple of lines, and then we'll open it for Q&A. Yes, Krishna? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Krishna R: 
Thanks, Rajiv. Good afternoon all the people who are on the call. And Q4 was as alluded by 
Rajiv, it's slightly difficult quarter from the industry per se. And we have seen the muted demand 
and prices corrections. On this backdrop, we could be able to – we managed to achieve over top 
line growth of 2% and which is also driven by the double-digit volume growth. 
 
What has led to this is the focus and the discipline of execution. Post the pipeline conversion of 
the B2B businesses and the new customer wins, which has supported to continue with outgrown 
the market. Raw material prices have been soft during the quarter and which has also led to the 
margin expansion despite the price drops. Margins -- gross margins expanded by around 110 
basis points. We continued our investments in the brand building and growth initiatives. At the 
same time, we are cognizant of the other cost control measures, which are non-growth related 
costs. And this has resulted in terms of improvement of profitability and the profit after tax was 
at INR108.8 crores, which is an increase of 14% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
I think these are the highlights and our focus in mind in terms of the prudent work capital 
management, which is also resulting in the free cash flow improvement this is also resulting into 
higher payouts to the shareholders. That's a key summary of the last quarter and the full year, 
Rajiv? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you, Krishna. So I think we've given you all our financial numbers. What really I'm proud 
of is our EPS for the year has moved -- if you look at 2021, we were at INR63.8 to INR73.58 to 
INR93.7. Our return on capital employed now is almost at 45%. And subject to shareholder 
approval, we've also announced an interim dividend now of the additional amount that we've 
given INR25. So making it INR75 and these for me is really to say that we really want to make 
sure that our investors are also reaping the benefits of the performance of the company. 
So that's in a nutshell what we had. Manoj, over to you and the team to help us moderate the 
Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan K.G. from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Yes. A couple of questions. So first, I would take the projects business. I just want to understand 
what has been the revenue growth of the projects business? What has been the volume growth 
of the business? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
See, we wouldn't be able to split it, but suffice to say, as I keep saying, our Projects business is 
growing double digit, both in volume and value. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Got it. Got it. Because you mentioned that it's around 23%, 24% of your decorative business. So 
I just wanted to check whether that... 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
That's correct. It's about 20% now, Retail has also now done well. So it's about 20-odd percent 
of our decorative business. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Is it fair to say that the Projects that -- you're number 3 in the industry? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, the Projects business, as you can imagine, because of the segments, there is no clear 
reporting in what it is. We would love to believe that we are also possibly number 2. But yes, 
we will take it with a little bit of humility and say, possibly a number 3 for sure. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Got it. And what kind of growth this business would have? Is it like a sustainable thing because 
you had certain airports, which you signed up some of -- I think some of the Delhi project also 
you alluded. Is that something which can have like a double-digit growth in the next 3 to 5 years? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So India GDP is getting powered by public investments and public investments largely is around 
infrastructure. So as long as the GDP is getting powered by public investments, which is an 
inflection of the real growth -- underlying growth of the GDP in the country. I do believe it's 
here to stay. Because I believe that, look, the India of tomorrow is going to be from the -- very 
different from the India today. If you look at some of the airports, the railway stations, at least 
the photographs that are coming to all of us, are world class. 
 
The fact is, over a period of time, we are fortunate to live in an era where we are seeing super 
fast trains, at least in some of the towns, cities. Of course, some of it high-rail, et cetera, is yet 
to come in, but at least the thinking is there. And to me, the thinking is there that tells you 
directionally that people will make it happen. So I think my belief is, yes, to answer your 
question, it will be sustained. So again, I cannot talk of outliers, but otherwise keeping things as 
they are. I do think that, yes, I think this is here to stay. The infrastructure is going to lead the 
growth of this country, even for the next 5, 6 years. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Okay. So on the coatings business, what has been the revenue growth and volume growth of the 
business? Was it also in double digits? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
The volume was double digit, the revenue was mid-single digit because our overall revenue 
growth you've seen is approximately 2.3%. And that's largely because of the price drop of 4.5% 
of the payment. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
No, I'm talking about the full year. I'm talking about the full year. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay. You're talking about the full year. The full year, yes. The answer is yes. Both were double 
digit. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Got it. And in the Coatings business, what -- which are the key industries you're serving and do 
you see some kind of an improvement in any particular industry is doing? So for example, wind 
energy sector for -- I mean, do you want to call out some sectors that is actually doing well in 
the industry? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I think on all the growth horizon sectors of India, we are adequately partaking it, whether it is 
energy, wind, EV, solar in some way or the other, we are there infrastructure largely high-value 
infrastructure, in particular. Again, downstream oil. So, we are present in almost -- now as a 
company, we have far more ubiquitous in our offerings and in our customers than we were in 
the past, maybe even 5 years ago. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Got it. The reason I'm trying to understand this business because globally in the global 
conference call, it was mentioned that there's a huge difference between number 1 and number 
2 in Coatings business and Akzo is number 1. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
That's correct. Globally, we are number 1 because... 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
I mean how is the standing improving in India in the Coating business? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes, yes. So look, I don't want to -- for the various businesses, Coatings is just an aggregate. It's 
-- the 2 different businesses. And really for us, globally, we are number 1 in powder. Powder, as 
you know, paint is either liquid or powder, and we've got almost 30% market share with number 
2 having a 15% market share. So I think that gives you the answer there globally. In India, of 
course, you remember that we participate in largely the premium segments and not in the mass 
segment. And that's the correction we are doing. For that, we needed capacity. Our plants are 
almost running full in powder. 
 
And we are opening a new capacity in our Gwalior factory very soon. In fact, in a few months' 
time, the plant will be commissioned. So we will start getting very aggressive once the capacities 
are available. The same was true for our protective business. Marine business, we are doing 
remarkably well, not just because of India because many of these -- the fleets -- the shipping 
fleets are running all over the world and even including markets like Dubai, India, Singapore, et 
cetera, where we've got a lot. 
 
There's only 1 part of the business, which we are globally a leader, which is yet to come in India 
is the aerospace which is very attractive business, hopefully, with the Delhi new airports coming 
in, et cetera, the MRO, which is the maintenance and repair will come in. And as a result, we 
should also partake in that business. We are very clear that we will build that business because 
we are globally working with both Boeing and Airbus to do it. We are, again, by far, the market 
leader there. So I think, look, in the next 4, 5 years, my view is that Akzo Nobel has a huge 
chance. Not just in the Coatings business, you'll see us fight tooth and nail on the paints business. 
We're going to use a lot of stuff in terms of our global thought leadership, et cetera, to make sure 
we win this market. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
I have 1 or 2 questions in Decorative. Manoj,, can I go ahead? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I think we should just give others the chance. But sure, if you have 1 question, I'm more than 
happy to answer. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Okay. So in the Decorative business, I think a couple of weeks back, there is an interesting 
interview in CNBC as you mentioned that in 56 to 60 districts of India, you are number 1. And 
you also mentioned that in the premium segment, you're almost like 16% to 17% of the market 
and you are number 2. So just on that count, I want to understand in those country -- districts, 
you are number 1. What's the revenue contribution? So is these districts where you are number 
1. They have about 80%, 90% of your Decorative business contribution. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No. If they were 80%, 90%, I would be overall number 3. Look, we don't want to get into that. 
The reason I made it is to just let you know that both historically and over a period of time, we've 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
been working on our brand distribution, et cetera, and we believe that we have a right to win. 
Now what gives you a license to a right to win is to say that, look, does the brand have presence 
which is significantly higher than your average market share in any geographies. 
 
And when I joined this company and when we embarked on the journey as a team, we realized 
that there are many districts where you were either number 1 or number 2. And that's really to 
say that what creates that and what do we need to replicate there. Now the challenge in that is 
when you look at it, we realize that our presence across the segments in the Decorative paint 
business was different. In the mass market, for example, we are underrepresented as you are 
aware.  
 
And the second is that over a period of time in the transition from ICI to Akzo, we lost the 
innovator tag. So our attempt has been to say that, look, how do we really start putting things 
back. And it is in that context, it is not a few 6 weeks ago. It was after the last investor call. And 
even I've been saying this, if you see my interviews ever since I took over the job, we have 
formula that is working. The question is how can you replicate it? 
 
And this was obviously work done by a lot of good people. How can you replicate it because 
that gives you. Despite all the competition everywhere in those places, we still continue to be 
number 1 or number 2. So how do you really replicate that magic across? So really, that was the 
thought behind that question. And it suffices to say that in those markets, it's fairly 
representative. But at an aggregate level, yes, it is significantly higher than our market share. 
There are certain regions where we are actually double-digit market share. So -- and that gives 
you a sense of where I was coming from. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arko Pratim Pal from Sanjay Agarwal Broking Limited. 
Arko Pratim Pal: 
My question is -- my first question is already answered by you, the volume growth. One question 
I have to say that Grasim paints is also joining the market. In Indian market, there is so many 
competitors. So therefore my question is what is your expectation for the present demand 
scenario? And what is your strategy for further growth? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, I think my strategy is something that I've been working on for a period of time, and that 
is to pivot around our brand, the quality of the product. We continue -- we want to continue to 
be the best in class. How do we demonstrate it, we've done it by launching a program called 
Dulux Assurance, which is a money-back guarantee, which we run in many of the key markets 
and now across Akzo Nobel, and bringing innovations into the market, which are a little ahead 
of time. 
 
And continue to increase our reach, our distribution footprint in a very meaningful manner. 
While doing that, make sure that we are able to address our painter challenges, the issues. How 
do we get a larger scale with them and how do we really make sure that we've got a larger retailer 
footprint. And how do we really move seamlessly in a digital manner. So quite a lot to do, to be 
honest Pratim, but for me, I think the strategy seems to be working. If you take the last 2 years, 
full year results, we've just completed the last year results. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
You can see we are in the top 2 group for the third year in a row. So I think it seems to suggest 
that some of the things that we are doing is working. At the same time, with all humility, I think 
there are certain things that we may need to tweak. That to make sure that we continue to sustain 
and do better. So that's what we will continue to do. And the reality is, look, I can only -- let me 
put it. I can only control what's within my control. There will be more players coming in, the 
bigger names coming in. I cannot get deflected to whether thinking whether Sachin Tendulkar 
is playing against me or Virat Kohli is playing against me, I can only improve my performance 
on what I do. So that's what I would say. 
Arko Pratim Pal: 
When the sure -- definitely got the answer, I guess. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I am definitely privileged that so many players are coming in because it also gives us an 
opportunity to learn a lot of things. And also challenge some of the -- our own mindsets in being 
able to really see whether we can compete effectively in a hypercompetitive environment. 
Arko Pratim Pal: 
I understood. My second question is, is there any change in raw material prices that may affect 
your operating profit margin in part of current.. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Turning it over to Krishna. Krishna? 
Krishna R: 
As far as the last quarter is concerned, raw material prices continued to be soft and which is also 
resulting -- this is also leading to the margin expansion. And what we are seeing yes, the trend 
is likely to be stable over a period of time, unless there is some amount of further disruption 
happens in anywhere in the world which impacts the supply chain. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Umang Shah from Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Umang Shah: 
So we see that the market leader in the Indian Decorative segment has increased its retail touch 
point significantly over the last 2 years. I think we understand that some part of it is also coming 
from using the distributor model as opposed to a dealer model, something which you started 
many, many years back. So just wanted to understand, going forward, will a significant part of 
our sales and distribution happen through our distributor channel? Or would we also expand 
dealer channel? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, look, ultimately, distributors serve dealers. Today, a large part of our paints business is 
through distributor. And it's not to say that we don't want to -- we believe that for us, that's the 
right model. We reached a very high stage of maturity. And we are pretty happy the way the 
model is working. It's giving us terrific gains in terms of reach, lead time, being able to supply 
products at a faster pace than even in some places where the market leader is. That said, look, 
we are right now in the business of paints and coatings. We are not into other products. So our 
model will continue to remain as is, unless there is a distinct strategic need for a change. 
Umang Shah: 
Sure, sir. Sir, and the second question -- yes. Okay. Sir, and the second question was you -- when 
I look at the numbers, Akzo has the highest payable days in the industry. Your creditor days. So 
any reason why that is the case? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Krishna R: 
It's based on the terms of trade, which we agreed with our suppliers and the combination of 
supplier payment terms, yes. 
Umang Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Right, sir. And sir, and the last question would be, would it be of your industrial 
paints business, what percentage would be coming from auto? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So we don't divulge the number specifically by segment. That's something that we don't do. But 
suffice to say that -- as I said, there are 4 coatings businesses and auto is 1 of the larger businesses 
we have in that vertical. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sonal Minhas from Prescient Capital. 
Sonal Minhas: 
As an end user as well as an investor, I think I just wanted to understand like in the decorative 
premium paint segment, there is a clear choice between -- amongst painters, between Asian 
Paints and your product. And I think I just wanted to understand more from a product details or 
chemistry perspective, that where is the gap in terms of quality of the product, if at all, between 
you and the number 1 player and you and the latter essentially. And what have you been doing 
to actually improve your product quality from a longer-term perspective? And is this kind of a 
sustainable differentiation edge that you versus let's say, Berger or somebody else you have 
versus the other players? So long question, I can split it, but just wanted to understand your take 
on that. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, our -- I think you partly answered by saying you and the market leader, so that takes out 
everybody else. But -- and that's the truth. So the reality is what we do is we do market research, 
where we look at people who've used Dulux and we split it into 3 types of users. So let's use our 
products on every purchase occasion. Remember that in paint a purchase occasion will come in 
3 years, 2 years, depending on interior, exterior and usage. And then we look at non-core who 
are people who are using 50% of that purchase location in a span of 3 purchase cycles and 4, 
which is more than -- which is around 50% of the purchase. 
 
You'll be thrilled to know that we've got the highest amount of solace users, which basically 
means that in our brands when consumers use us, and that's the human truth or the moment of 
truth. So the truth is that when people use our products because of the quality of products, it is 
people do tend to ask for it. And that's the reason that's been the raison d'etre for this brand. 
That's the reason to exist as far as Dulux is concerned, not just on the walls but also in the hearts 
and minds of the consumers we serve. 
 
The second part of your question, look, on the formulations, et cetera. Obviously, look, we do 
benchmarking versus our competitors. I don't want to speak ill of anybody I think let's be -- let's 
understand if there's a leader with the market share that the leader has, I have to give complete 
respect to every player in the industry. We are not here to criticize anyone. What we are here is 
to set a journey for ourselves and say, how can we be the best. It's not easy, but we believe that 
there are 3 things that we believe that we can be the best. 
 
One, Dulux stands for best-in-class quality and not only Dulux any product of Akzo Nobel, 
whether it's International, Interpon Sikkens, all stand for best-in-class quality. Second is 
international. There are very few brands which can call itself truly international. If I were to ask 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
you, think about the beautiful cities in the world. You will come and tell cities like London, 
Singapore, Switzerland, what we've done is we've done a survey where we've seen in the top 15 
cities, most beautiful cities of the world in almost 10 to 11, Dulux has the highest market share. 
 
It's not coincidental that it's happening. Some of the places, even in places like Gurgoan, where 
our office is registered that we have the highest usage of DLF. So I think it's about the chemistry 
of our products. We've got fantastic engineers who do it, both globally and in the country. So 
kudos to them that they have been working on this over years. It's not something that has turned 
overnight. 
 
And of course, there is a secret sauce that we are going to put in into the Indian market, which I 
can't tell you because it's like the formula of Coca-Cola. An appropriate time when we think it's 
right, we will discuss. But there are certain secret ingredients that go into a paint, which is -- 
which are also available for us to really up the ante and that's what we are doing. In an intense 
market, we believe that a better product is going to serve us longer, and that's what we are 
focused on. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. Second part of my question, sir, if I may just ask is that like-to-like for similar quality of 
the product, how much would you be selling at a discount or to, let's say, the market leader or as 
we speak? Just trying to get a ballpark essentially. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
My problem is I sell at a premium to the market leader. That's the biggest challenge that I've 
been facing in many places. 
Sonal Minhas: 
The same products we look? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes, similar products. If you look at across categories, we've been the highest priced portfolio. 
That's been the biggest challenge for us. And one of the things that we've been trying to do is to 
come close to the market leader on pricing. Now what happens in the market is slightly different. 
There's a concept called loss leader. It basically means that a leader passes on his profitability to 
do it. 
 
And that happens because the velocity of the brand is not commensurate with the market leaders 
of date. Now those are very old cases in our brand. We are not a wholesale brand. We are a very 
retail-led brand over the years. So it really doesn't matter for us. So to answer your question, the 
challenges, both in perception and in reality, we are seen as a bit of premium even in categories 
which are mass and economy. So I think that's the bigger challenge to be honest. 
Moderator: 
We have a text question from the line of Dhiraj Dave from Samvad Financial Services. How 
many dealer we added in Q4 and total dealer as on 31st March 2024? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
See, look, we don't -- let me put it -- our number of dealers are not just count of dealers. Akzo 
Nobel has got very stringent measures when we look at dealer additions in terms of saying there's 
a certain revenue say INR30,000, INR50,000 revenue per outlet to really look at them in terms 
of retained outlets, yes. So we -- our definitions are far more stringent so it's not like-to-like. But 
suffice to say that we add anywhere close to about 3,000 outlets in a year, yes, and there's a 
certain fall-through. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
We also do a lot of refurbishment of our existing tinting machines, not just add new machines, 
but we also do it and move the refurbishment there. Our focus, as I mentioned earlier, has been 
to really drive penetration into the next level of towns. They are very strong in Tier 1, Tier 2, 
moving into Tier 3, Tier 4, the team embarked in 20 -- in a very meaningful way in 2017, '18, 
but really started in 2019, unfortunately got stuck by COVID and we really pulled it through in 
'21 to now. So that's what we are focused on. 
 
To me, also remember that we are not in categories where count of dealer can increase by certain 
product offerings, e.g., we are yet to enter construction chemicals, tile adhesives, grouts, et 
cetera. We are getting ready for that. And believe you and me when we get ready our products 
are going to be world class, and we believe we'll shift. We're already growing in waterproofing 
more than 30% -- 25% to 30% year-on-year. So -- and the reason we do that is not because we 
have the best advertising or the most advertised bank, of course, advertising is good, but because 
we've got great quality products that consumers buy again and again. 
 
Yes. So that will give you a direction of what I'm trying to say. As we start getting into businesses 
which are more where you can add outlets to make a difference. you would start seeing it. But 
for now, we are focused on the paints business and really getting into the adjacencies of the 
paints business. And for us, meaningful outlet is more valuable than any outlet. What is -- when 
I say meaningful, what is the turnover of the outlet or what is the volume that the outlet does 
with us at a monthly level or annual level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Amit Purohit from Elara Capital who says, sir, can you 
please provide insights into your distribution reach, how this has grown in FY '24 in terms of 
tinting machine and outlet reach. What is the share of premium? Sorry. Please, Go ahead. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, go ahead. 
Moderator: 
What is the share in the premium segment of the company? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So premium I have already said, I think somebody already are 16% to 17%. Outlets also 
got us. It's 20,000 plus, 21,500, 22,000. Again, these numbers don't -- are not meaningful unless 
they understand contextually because we've got a scientific way of measuring it, not just in India, 
but it's a global sort of definition. Again, we look at what is the throughput outlet we get, what 
is in a tinting machine, what's the drop size we get. 
 
We look at productivity of a tinting machine in an outlet, so our measures are a little more stricter 
and more stringent than it is globally, which is the reason I also want to tell all of you if we've 
not observed, that's the reason why our operating working capital is the best in the industry. I 
mean, you look at in the paint industry and look at us, it, I'm saying there's such a huge difference 
in the way Akzo Nobel used to operate 10 years ago and today. It's not just a reflection of our 
distributor model. It's also a reflection of the way we run the business. 
 
So to me, it's about effectiveness is more important than just numbers. It's about making sure 
that we are being meaningful, and we are able to provide the entire assortment in a more 
meaningful manner. So 20,000-plus outlets. And we obviously are trying to sharpen it. Our 
endeavours to in the next 2, 3 years to move to 30,000. We believe that with all the portfolio 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
additions that we are adding in the next year or so, we will start – we are well on that journey. 
We’ve already crossed 5,000-odd towns. We will start getting meaningful to our 8,000-town 
journey. I think that’s really the split in which we are working on distribution. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Mr. Saket Kapoor from Kapoor& Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, my question is regarding capital working progress. If you could kindly explain where this 
money has already been spent. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. May I request that you use your handsets. There's a slight disturbance 
from your line, Mr. Kapoor. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I was alluding to the capital work in progress of INR119 crores. What will you attribute this 
to? And when will this money get capitalized? 
Krishna R: 
Saket, thanks for the question. We have explained that we are undergoing capacity expansion 
trend for the powder coatings plant in Gwalior, which is predominantly the capital working 
progress. We do expect the commercial capital and the commercialization, commercial 
production commitment somewhere in the July, end June and July campaign, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And what kind of volume increase, sir, are we expecting for the next financial year? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Double digits. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And double-digit means, 10, it starts from 10. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I can give you a number, but the sanctity of the number is a function of a lot of variables. Problem 
is after that nobody looks at the assumption of variables. People look at the number. So to me, 
it's like saying, what is the colour of the sky today, what I see what you see will be different. But 
we've given a range of around 12%, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
12% should be the volume growth. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Volume growth and the revenue growth will lag volume growth simply because for the rest of 
the 9 months, there is still about a 3% carry forward of the price drop, right, 3% to 4% that we 
talked about. So that's -- you can easily pull the maths. With the commodity prices now firming 
up, we don't expect any further price drops. But yes, let's be clear, we will defend our market 
position. Akzo Nobel is very clear. Yes, we will defend our market position. We believe if you 
look at the EBIT margins, return on sales, right, we are number 2 by far in the industry.  
 
And for the market size, share we have, you'd realize that very few companies, in fact, there'll 
be very few companies worldwide with this market share who have that return on sales. Clearly, 
tells you the quality of the business we run and the fantastic work which is happening between 
various functions, etcetera, that we get to play. And this was deliberately planned because in a 
hypercompetitive environment, I'm fine to lose 1% there, but to make sure we continue to gain 
top line in a manner which is sustainable. So that's what the focus is. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And sir, I missed your earlier commentary. On the growth prospect, if you could just 
allude once again, what -- how are we seeing the current financial year? And then on the 
valuation part, sir, when we look at the peers, they command a significant premium toward our 
entity, although all of them some are aligned in some way or the other, but you can look at the 
valuations the top 2 enjoys, and discount at which Akzo Nobel trades, I'm talking about the 
market cap currently, which is more of a significant importance to your investors and the analyst 
community. So what's the thought process of the management in terms of that. And the growth 
which we are taking into account the current business sentiment? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
See the growth very clearly, I think, between all of us, me, Krishna, Rohit, Rajiv, we're very 
clear that we want to be in the top 2 in growth. So that answers your growth question. In terms 
of the price value, let's be clear, what we control as a team is our performance. After that, I leave 
it to people like ourselves to decide what's the best value. We've shown you what the earnings 
per share is over the 3 years. It's there in the investor deck, we've moved significantly. 
 
I don't think company -- and look at our return on capital employed, I don't know how the 
companies of our size, shape, have a 40% return on capital employed. So that, I think, is a 
testimony of what we bring in you've seen -- you're seeing cash in our books. You've seen the 
dividends we give. We are giving sustainable dividends. We are giving it in a meaningful 
manner. 
 
There were a lot of questions on why I think when I joined the company and some of you have 
educated me during the journey, whether there is adequate one of the thoughts was when I joined 
the company and some investors are on the call, they've been very frank to say the biggest 
problem in Akzo Nobel is leadership changes. I've been now running this company for a very 
long period of time. And my journey is to also make sure that the next group that takes talent 
comes to the floor and get -- we get the right talent to run this organization going forward.  
 
Because this organization is not the organization that I joined, which is a INR2,000 crores 
company with a INR150 crores PAT. Today, we are talking about being INR4,000 crores 
company with a INR420 crores PAT. And we -- our desire is to move significantly. We are not 
here to give numbers. We are not here to paint a vision which we cannot achieve. What we 
believe is, look, I think this comes through a lot of hard work. We come to putting brick by brick.  
 
I've learned that there are a couple of times when we've had huge challenges particularly during 
Covid because we followed and complied with every rule. We are top class in governance. And 
I think the people sitting around this table drive in the fact that we have world-class on 
governance. We do not allow any compromise on ethics, values and governance. 
Saket Kapoor: 
A very concluding remark. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Concluding remark, look, so I would only -- sorry? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, first, you complete then I have 1 concluding question. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay, please go ahead. You please ask your question. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we look at your other expenses Q-on-Q, that has shown a dip, whereas year-on-year, 
that has increased. So what should -- what are the core element of this and what should be 
mentioning in when we mention our number in terms of -- as a percentage of revenue, what 
constituted? 
Krishna R: 
That's a good question and a detailed observation of financials. As I have explained previously, 
the focus is in terms of the brand building and how do we make our brands more relevant and 
present in the market space and also which will unlock the long-term growth prospect. That's 
where we are spending and which is also yielding the growth and the results. Yes. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So certain elements of costs which have gone up on absolute are around A&P, FTE, okay? 
Because what we're also doing is we are now entering what are not traditionally paint outlets 
from a paints business perspective. We are going to -- we are in the process of reorganizing 
ourselves a bit, not huge cost, but maybe a onetime to really make sure that we are able to seize 
opportunities. 
 
And also, let's be honest, on the flip side, how we are containing that cost is by becoming far 
more productive through value creation programs, driving -- sweating our assets, both tinting 
machines as well as spreading of factories. Today, the amount of automation we have in our 
factories, we are actually virtually running 1.5, 1, 1.5 shifts and creating capacity for the future. 
So we are into building world-class stuff, putting a digital infrastructure for us some of which is 
we do. I hope that answers the question. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. And if I permit to ask 1 more. On the cost of material consumed, as you are mentioning 
that the raw material prices are hardening. And I think so we are referring to the crude derivative 
and crude has also been in a consistent band of INR78 to INR85. So what are you pencilling in, 
in terms of sustaining your margins with respect to your cost of material going ahead. And on 
the value proposition also, sir, I think so in the branding aspect the AP cost in all as a percentage 
of sales need to spend to create that market size and market awareness. But how are you seeing 
the same going forward for this year as a percentage of your sales? So both the question on the 
outlook on the raw material and the expenses on advertisement? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So firstly, as far as the expenses are concerned. Look, brand building is going to continue. Our 
problem is not in a balance. A problem is in conversion. So our problem is right at the end of 
the funnel, where when people start switching to brands, from consideration to purchase. 
 
That's the problem, and that's what we are trying to address. The second to your question on 
material prices, look, we've been through much harder times on raw materials. I think if there's 
1 example, 2021 would also tell you that we took the right decisions as far as the raw material 
costs were concerned. When the industry and many people thought that we had lost our brains. 
We believe that, look, we are working on certain things to make sure that we are able to compete 
a hypercompetitive inflationary environment if required. 
 
At this time, we don't see it. I don't want to exaggerate the situation as if it was going to happen. 
We believe that this situation, the plus/minus will not be huge. Of course, there are variables 
which are outside our control. But other than that, which will impact everyone. But other than 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
that, there is nothing significantly that we need to. Of course, there are certain projects which 
we do, which are a little under embargo. I don't think it's appropriate for me to speak on our 
investor call on that. Thank you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you, sir, for all the elaborate answers and we hope for future interactions again sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan K.G. from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Sir 1 feedback because we talked about market capitalization just earlier, my belief is that when 
it comes to media interviews, you are on the strong front foot discussing. But in the investor 
presentation, we are extremely modest. For example, we have done extremely well in terms of 
our portfolio improvement. We have done extremely good in terms of our distribution both in 
terms of number of distributors, tinting machines, the districts you have actually gone through 
from 1,500 towns to almost 5,000 plus. I wish you can actually put these things in 1 slide so that 
as investors, we also get to know what has been the increase in all vectors. So that's just 1 
feedback for you to consider. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, thank you, Lakshmi. Thank you. But I love a cricketer who ones -- whom I admire who told 
me that the bat does the talking. When the bat does the talking, you don't need to really talk 
about the performance. And for me, really for the investor community, it's not about a quarter. 
It's not even about a year. It's about sustained improved performance of the metric. And Lakshmi, 
let me tell you when I joined and took over the role. 
 
And many of your colleagues on the call. I can tell you with hand on heart, perhaps, my heart 
was raising 5x because the sort of questions were your predecessors have all come and made 
promises and left. So it's even important in leadership to be able to have a narrative which is 
consistent and not overpromise, but over-deliver? Hopefully, with all your support and 
everyone's blessings, we should be on that. So it's on the television, it's slightly different. Media 
sound bites, people start getting aggressive. 
 
So you want to make sure that your voice is also heard. And again, it's not from a perspective, 
it's because that's a wider reach medium. Where everybody hears. And the idea is not to 
communicate in terms of what we do, but also who we are. So it's also share of voice as they call 
it. It's also about saying how we run the company. If you've seen over the last 5, 6 years and 
even over the last 2, 3 years, our endeavour has been to bring you the reality to exactly tell you 
where we are. 
 
We have never given volume growth. We've started doing that because we realized that 
necessity. The reason is because we are making a shift from value growth to -- price-led growth 
to volume growth in India. And we have -- the assurance we want to give to you and all the 
investors is we are here to stay. We are not bothered about what people write about us. We are 
here to stay. We believe we've got the ingredients. We've got the people. And more importantly, 
we've got the mindset. And that's not my commitment to you. It's my commitment to Akzo 
Nobel. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Got it. Sir, another question from a slightly different angle from a supply chain point of view. I 
understand that paints is all about supply chain and lost sale is like a loss forever. So in the last 
1, 2 years, how you have actually improved your supply chain in terms of getting the right 
product because 1 feedback which I hear from some of the painters I anecdotally check is that 
okay, we don't get the entire -- X is there, Y is not there. We don't get all the 3 kinds of stuff 
from Akzo Nobel. So I don't know whether it's anecdotal or representative. Just want to 
understand from a supply chain point of view, how do we have ensured that the right quantity 
of paint is there in the right distribution and the right SKUs? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Good question, very good Yes. So Lakshmi, it's like this. See, when we embarked on the 
distributor journey in 2013, '14, we had our hands in amount because the world told us we will 
not succeed. Fast forward 10 years later, 2024. We've got a robust business where about 160 of 
these distributors and our partners actually run this business and have been running it with a 
fantastic work which has been done by the team led by Rohit, which is why he's also here now 
on the Board. 
 
And it's -- I think we've got that model right. I think what we've not been able to do is to get all 
the other businesses into the outage of some of our competitors have done. Also in terms of 
range availability in certain markets where we are structurally weak. Like Andhra, we are 
structurally weak. I get this myself from customers. What -- how we are trying to address it is to 
identify those gaps and try and make sure that we are able to have a couple of large dealers 
converted in those areas so that we are quickly able to as and when we get it. We do that with 
lightning speed today. 
 
We were earlier not doing it. And we are planning to look at embarking on certain programs, 
including on need generation, hopefully a more digitized way of working, which will enable us 
to do that in a far more structural manner. So that's one. Second is, we have embarked on a 
journey on distributor to look at replenishment model, where what an outlet sells today, the 
distributor is able to catch through a replenishment model, which is FMCG done. And that will 
also enable us to be able to exactly know which markets, what product is required, and we are 
able to get it immediately at head office instantly. 
 
We look at today technology permits us to look at what is the cut order on a daily basis, but it 
comes with the lag. The idea is how do we really get it on time so that we are able to address it 
in a structural manner. Having said all this, it's not easy. Our challenge has also been having the 
right portfolio at the right price point and also the fact that in certain structural markets where 
we've not been strong, to be meaningful to the outlet to able to address this issue. So those are 
challenges we are working on, Lakshmi, and we will cross it. 
 
The reason I'm confident is because we move the needle significantly over the last decade. And 
I have every reason to believe when the hard work has got done, the incremental effort that is 
now required is much lesser than the initial work that was required in setting this up. I hope you 
understand. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
Yes. Bookkeeping question. So in terms of your freight cost, last year, it was around INR152 
crores or so. I just want to understand what is it number now. And in terms of ad spend last year, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
last year, I mean FY '23, it was around INR92 crores. What is the value in FY '24? And how do 
you think, given that you are actually embarking on a brand ambassador, et cetera, how you 
think this would actually pan out in the next couple of years? 
Krishna R: 
Thanks for the question. We will be publishing all the final details in the annual report. Please 
hold on some time. I know I'm not answering you right now, but we will share all the details 
which is required as per the disclosure. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
And Lakshmi, drop an email to us we'll send you the report. The reason is because, obviously, 
there are certain things which we right now believe is still in the realm of confidentiality. Yes. 
And suffice to say, at a very high level, look, we are looking at least a 10% to 15% increase in 
A&P. Again, see, these are functions of what market or the market behaves. So it's very difficult 
to predict. 
 
I mean, none of us would have predicted early last year that the industry would have a price drop 
of 4%, 4.5% between December and January. That's what happened. So sometimes market 
forces also necessitates you to take action. The fact that we signed Yash is also because, 
obviously, now the industry is getting it so really, you want to make sure your brand stands out 
and you wanted to use an ambassador who really stands out. And we believe -- obviously, Yash, 
if you've seen his following, it's mind-boggling. So we -- that's the journey we have embarked 
and we'll continue on that journey, and we'll answer your specific questions, as Krishna said, as 
soon as the annual report comes in. 
Lakshminarayanan K.G: 
The supply chain, in terms of sales laws or product assortment, not there, from a quantifying 
perspective, how we have improved if you index 100, we had -- just want to get a sense of how 
you're improving. I'm sure we have improved. Just want to understand that. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, look, we moved the journey significantly. We see if I look at 2014 and worthy you can help. 
If you were on a scale of about 75 to 80, we moved -- we are not -- nowhere close to 100, but I 
would say we are closer to the 90s now. But we've still got a journey to transit. We will get on 
to that journey as we move forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I have a small question on margin expansion or the margin outlook as you have sounded 
cautionary on the RM, and again, we need to improve our ad spend to gain market share. So 
what's the trajectory for the margin outlook for the current year on the 1 where we exited the 
Q4, what can we expect going ahead? And what factors would rather influence your margin 
trajectory going ahead? 
Krishna R: 
Thanks, Saket. One of the disclaimer figure is that we will not give the forward-looking guidance 
here. And of course, we do expect our margins to be stable and then we ensure our growth is 
profitable by way of various means and measures like mix improvement and innovations in the 
product value. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I have addressed in the earlier question, Saket, because we -- I said that we will hold our margins, 
but our focus is really how do we really play -- consolidate our market position. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
May 17, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And on the competition part, sir, with the -- with the new players totally coming up 
with a huge size, what kind of volume pressure, do you think you can expect when they ramp 
up their capacity going ahead? I think sir 2 players are now particularly becoming very active. 
And the bigger 1 Grasim, which will be contemplating, I think so coming up with huge capacity. 
And they have also drawn big plans. So what's the thought process of Akzo Nobel going ahead 
in terms of this intent of new competitors? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, I think it's very difficult to hypothesize what's going to happen. As and when players come 
in, we will be in a more -- all this is factored in the growth that we've indicated already for the 
full year in the questions already asked, Saket. These are already factored. If there are any 
discontinuity on pricing, et cetera, that's there, we will look into it. As I said, I want to repeat 
that our endeavour is to consolidate and grow our market position in India. 
Manoj Menon: 
Operator, in the interest of time, we've already told the audience, management has kind of hard 
stop here. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So thank you, really enjoyed the interaction with all of you. Lakshmi, your point is taken. This 
is not to say that there are 2 different personalities on the television set and the investor call. We 
are more than happy to share with you. We have a fairly transparent company. But we also 
believe that, look, ultimately, what we say we deliver. I think that's more important. And if you 
go back to 2, 3 years ago and you -- I think you should hold people for the promises they make.  
 
I have been very clear in my narrative, even if you go to some of the stakeholders, including on 
a lighter way to a stakeholder, I said you will not get this share price at this price again. And the 
share price, if I remember, the company was 1,800 then. It's true. It's not happened again. So my 
endeavour -- as our team endeavour is to say that we give you greater value. We make sure that 
you sleep well if you're invested in our company. 
 
We believe that the power of Akzo Nobel, with the leadership of Greg, I am certain and the 
dynamism and his thought leadership that he brings into the company I'm certain this company 
will grow great heights and under his leadership, each of us will make sure that his vision of 
what India should be, will be delivered. It's -- and I'm delighted because it's in line with what 
my vision for India is. So thank you very much. Thank you for taking time on a very busy 
schedule. I do understand your multiple calls to attend. We really appreciate each of you for 
your time. Good luck. All the best. Stay safe. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you. Thank you so much. 
