 
                 Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
                                                                                           Registered Office: 
 
                              7th Floor, Eleven West Panchshil, Survey No. 25,  
 
                              Near PAN Card Club Road, Baner, Pune – 411 069,  
                                                                                          Maharashtra, India 
                                                                                                         Tel. No.: +91 20 682 81 200 
 
                                                                           Email: contact@sudarshan.com  
                                                                                             www.sudarshan.com 
 
                              Corporate Identity No.: L24119PN1951PLC008409  
  
 
28th May, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Scrip Code – 506655 
Scrip Code NCDs - 974058 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Symbol - SUDARSCHEM 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub : Transcript of Analysts / Institutional Investors Conference Call 
 
We 
are 
enclosing 
herewith 
transcript 
of 
the 
conference 
call 
with  
analysts / institutional investors, which took place on Tuesday, 21st May, 2024, after 
announcement of the Audited Financial Results (Stand-alone and Consolidated) for the quarter 
and year ended 31st March, 2024.  
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully,  
For SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MANDAR VELANKAR 
GENERAL COUNSEL AND COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mandar 
Meenanath 
Velankar
Digitally signed by Mandar 
Meenanath Velankar 
Date: 2024.05.28 18:56:25 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH RATHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. NILKANTH NATU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. AMEY ATHALYE - GENERAL MANAGER, FINANCE 
– SUDARSHAN CHEMICAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL - AXIS CAPITAL 
 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ankur Periwal: 
 Yes. Thank you, Manisha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Sudarshan Chemical 
Industries Limited Q4 and 12-month FY '24 post-result earnings call. The management team 
from Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited will be represented by; Mr. Rajesh Rathi, 
Managing Director; Mr. Nilkanth Natu, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Amey Athalye, General 
Manager, Finance. We'll start the discussion with a brief management overview on the earnings 
performance, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to you, Natu ji, for the initial 
comments. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you, Ankur. Thank you, Axis Capital and Ankur Periwal for hosting our earnings call for 
Q4 FY '24. Good morning, all of you and thanks for joining to discuss Sudarshan quarter 4 FY 
'24 and financial year '24 financial results. It is a pleasure to be with all of you. 
 
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These statements consider the 
environment we see as of today and carry risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual 
results to differ from those expressed in today's call. We do not undertake to update any forward-
looking statements made on this call. We have uploaded our financial results and investor 
presentation on the stock exchanges. 
Now I will request Mr. Rajesh Rathi to give his perspective on the business side. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Thank you, Mr. Natu. Thank you Axis Capital and Mr. Periwal for hosting the earnings call. I'm 
very pleased to report that our pigment business has delivered a robust financial performance in 
FY '24. We went through a phase of subdued performance in FY '23, however we have bounced 
back much stronger. This quarter and fiscal year is a milestone moment for our pigment business. 
We have achieved highest ever quarterly EBITDA above INR100 crores in Q4 and an annual 
EBITDA above INR300 crores in the financial year FY '24. 
 
At the same time, we've made a strong foundation for future growth. This turnaround in business 
performance is a result of our overall strategy on building Sudarshan's core pillars towards Leap 
to 3, which we are working for the past few years. One of our strong pillar is focus on Research 
and Development. We have more than 100-plus technical members working in R&D under the 
leadership of global pigment veterans and the team constantly strives to explore new products, 
technology and processes that can be used to develop superior and sustainable color solutions. 
 
The R&D center is well equipped with the state-of-art equipment, a world-class application lab 
and analytical testing facility, thus enhancing the product development and scale-up process. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
This has helped us in creating the widest product portfolio in the industry, which is at par with 
any Tier 1 supplier. This gives us a definite edge offering a holistic solution to our customers. 
 
Our second pillar is world-class manufacturing. We have two world-class manufacturing sites 
located in Roha and Mahad. In fact, after the expansion, Roha is one of the largest single pigment 
manufacturing site globally. We have created global scale capacities and infrastructure in terms 
of best-in-class affluent treatment plants, warehousing. With our world-class manufacturing 
capabilities, Sudarshan is well positioned as a global reliable pigment supplier. 
 
To enable our reach to customers, Sudarshan has established a strong go-to-market framework, 
consisting of local regional sales teams, customer service support, technical marketing teams 
and local stocking points. This has resulted in Sudarshan serving all significant pigment markets 
directly. 
We believe that our growth should be sustainable and for this, we have a well defined 
sustainability pillar. We already have more than 60% to 70% of our purchase power from green 
energy. In addition to this, we have a strong decarbonization plan, and we have committed to 
SBTi targets. 
We have many accolades for our care for society. We moved our focus from “workplace safety” 
to “process safety” and set up a strong corporate governance framework.  
All the above pillars have strengthened Sudarshan and has provided a unique opportunity to take 
the global leadership position. The current tailwinds, such as Make in India initiative, the 
turbulence in the global pigment industry and the uncertain global geopolitical situation would 
further accelerate the growth for the company. 
I would like to conclude by expressing my gratitude to all our stakeholders for their continued 
support and faith in us. I look forward to growing  together with all of you and achieving our 
collective vision of being a global leading color solution provider. 
I will now request Mr. Natu to speak about some of the financial highlights. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you, Mr. Rathi. I will begin with the quarterly financial performance.  
On a consolidated basis for the quarter, total income from operations stood at INR764 crores 
compared to INR691 crores for the same period last year, higher by 11%. EBITDA for the 
quarter is at INR119 crores compared to INR85 crores in quarter 4 FY '23, higher by 41%. 
EBITDA margin stood at 15.6% as compared to 12.3% over the same period last year. Profit 
after tax is at INR57 crores compared to INR33 crores for the same period last year.  
On the annual performance for FY 23-24, total income from operations on a consolidated basis 
is at INR2,539 crores versus INR2,302 crores in FY '23, a growth of 10%. EBITDA for the 
period is INR316 crores versus INR211 crores last year, higher by 50%. EBITDA margin has 
improved by 330 basis points and seen at 12.5% versus 9.2% during FY '23. 
 
Net profit is at INR110 crores compared to INR45 crores for the year FY '23. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Now going into the details of our pigment business. For Q4FY '24, income from operations stood 
at INR644 crores compared to INR594 crores for the same period last year, a growth of 8%. On 
a sequential basis, operating revenue has grown by 23%. 
 
Domestic sales for the quarter is at INR345 crores, higher by 15% compared to INR301 crores 
same period last year. On a sequential basis, domestic sales have grown by 24% compared to 
INR278 crores of Q3 FY '24. Exports for the quarter grew to INR299 crores versus INR293 
crores in the same period last year, higher by around 2%. On a sequential basis, exports have 
grown by 23% compared to INR244 crores of Q3 FY '24. 
 
Year-on-year, flat sales in exports is owing to continued challenge in the Europe market. While 
Europe region has shown improved demand environment quarter-on-quarter, this region has 
registered marginal degrowth on an annualized basis. North America market continues to 
register double-digit growth on sequential and year-on-year basis. Other major export 
geographies have also shown improvement in the demand scenario. We continue to remain 
watchful towards international geographies considering the geopolitical issues. 
 
Specialty Pigment sales stood at INR439 crores compared to INR412 crores in the same period 
last year, higher by 7%. On sequential basis, revenue has grown by 23% compared to INR358 
crores in Q3 FY'24. Non-specialty sales for the quarter is at INR205 crores, higher by 13% as 
compared to the same period last year. On a sequential basis, non-specialty revenue has grown 
by 25% compared to INR163 crores of Q3 FY'24. 
 
Gross margins of Pigment business for the quarter is increased by 250 basis points to 44% as 
against 41.5% for the same period previous year. Year-on-year increase in the gross margin is 
due to softening of the raw material prices and also improvement in the product mix.  
EBITDA for the quarter is at INR100 crores in quarter four FY'24, the highest ever EBITDA for 
the quarter as compared to INR73 crores in the same period last year, which is higher by 37%.  
This is the highest ever EBITDA we have achieved in our Pigment business. EBITDA margin 
stood at 15.6% as compared to 12.3% over the same period last year. On a sequential basis, 
EBITDA margin is higher by 230 basis points. Speaking about the financial year performance 
of Pigment business. The total income from operations stood at INR2,223 crores versus 
INR2,079 crores in the same period last year, a growth of 7%. We did see double-digit volume 
growth in this year. 
However, value growth is lower due to price pass-through. Gross margin has improved to 44.3% 
for March '24 as compared to 40.2% for FY'23. EBITDA is at INR300 crores, which is highest 
ever versus INR194 crores in the previous year and EBITDA margin has increased by 420 basis 
points to 13.5% versus 9.3% in the previous year. 
 
The company has, during the year, declared interim dividend of INR3.6 per share, which is 180% 
and the Board has recommended final dividend of INR1 per share, which is 50% of its value, 
taking total dividend outflow to 230% for the year, which translates to the dividend pay-out of 
35% of profit after tax. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
Now coming to the balance sheet. The balance sheet of the company as at 31st March, 2024, has 
strengthen and this is reflecting from the improved financial ratios. The net debt of the company 
stood at INR394 crores in Q4 FY'24, down from INR797 crores in Q4FY'23 at INR434 crores 
in Q3FY'24. With the overall better results from the operation and monetization of assets during 
Q1 FY'24, the debt of the company has reduced substantially resulting in better financial ratios. 
 
The net debt to EBITDA stands at 1.2x as of March '24 compared to 3.8x in Q4 FY'23 and 1.5x 
in Q3 FY'24. Debt-to-equity stands at 0.3x at March 31st, 2024, compared to 1x in Q4 FY'23 
and 0.4x in Q3 FY'24. The working capital cycle has been effectively managed throughout the 
year, thereby resulting into cash conversion days of 66 days in Q4 FY'24 as compared to 74 days 
in the last year Q4 FY'23, which has, in turn, improved the current ratio to 1.4x compared to 
1.1x last year same quarter. 
 
To summarize, it has been a good quarter and financial year. We are poised for growth given the 
capabilities we have built and strong tailwinds in our favour. We are confident that our long-
term prospects remain intact. We remain confident in our growth strategy and continue towards 
commitment to deliver long-term value to our stakeholders. With this, we now open the session 
for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes good morning sir. Thanks for taking my question. First on the global scenario of the 
Pigment, now that it looks like we are back to the growth track and utilizing the network. How 
do you see next year spanning out for the Pigment business? And how is this global supply chain 
disruption going to aid us, that’s number one. Number two, which of the geographies do you 
think will benefit Sudarshan. Will it be more North America or Europe or rest of the world?  
Number three, there is consolidation in the industry. Can you help us understand which are the 
Pigment category where you think the opportunities are rising and will Chinese competition is 
more benign say as – and so it’s more competitive, high-performance for Pigment or less 
competitive. More colour into it would be helpful. This is initial questions. Thank you. Hello, 
operator? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
I hope I was audible, right? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes. Sorry, I was just saying that if you could repeat the first question for me, there were two, 
three questions, right? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. First question is on the Pigment growth for next year, considering that there is a shift in 
the industry and which geography do we think we are better placed to capitalize that? That's 
number one. Number two, from your perspective, where are we well placed and where the 
competition is more benign, say and AZO versus HPP versus effect pigment? And probably a 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
follow-up question is on the application, which are the applications which will benefit because 
of all this. Yes. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, I think there are two, three areas to answer your question for our growth.  From a perspective, 
Sudarshan has been investing in itself on the journey of becoming a global leading player. We're 
trying to set the four, five pillars, which we've been working on and which are now playing out. 
So we've created the broadest product portfolio, created a good world-class manufacturing 
facility. 
And given the current events, when you've seen a lot of turbulence in the pigment industry, it 
gives us a golden opportunity of accelerating our growth. And so in terms of quantifying the 
numbers, I would say, our margins are back to normal and now we are really focusing on growth. 
With the recency of the event and the uncertainty, it is very difficult to give you a pointed 
number. 
However, I can tell you directionally that with all these positive tailwinds, we are very deeply 
engaged with customers, the velocity of our opportunity funnel has really accelerated. So we do 
see a good set of numbers coming forward. In terms of our global landscape, I think Sudarshan 
has a very unique place where we are placed now in terms of being the global reliable supplier 
with the broadest product portfolio. There are other competitions from China and India with a 
narrow product portfolio and a limited go-to-market strategy. So that's where, we kind of 
distinguish ourselves or that's our USP in the market. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, again, my question was which geography do you think we are better placed to grow that’s 
all from my side? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So geography is definitely Europe, North America, South America. I think all these geographies 
are going to be playing a significant role in our growth going forward and that's where the 
engagement is more. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
No, I think I asked a question on the portfolio overlap versus the consolidation happening. I 
know we have the broadest portfolio, but that broadest portfolio does it overlap with the 
customers who are in the turbulence and number two how long does that approval cycle for those 
product takes if somebody wants to replace them? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, yes, we probably have the most complementary product with the global players probably 
80% of our portfolio would be complementary and we have been preparing ourselves where 
we've been like I said the opportunity has accelerated. Now it depends on customer to customers. 
Some customers have really decided to accelerate the approval process and so whatever  would 
have taken 6 months or 1 year; could happen in 3 to 4 months. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So that process has already begun. Is that understanding right? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes the process has begun and a customer for the base and the biggest opportunity we have is in 
the coatings industry and the approval process generally is in year, but we feel this will get 
shortened. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. That is very helpful. Second question on the gross profit margin. Though I understand Y-
o-Y has improved, but sequentially there has been a drop in the gross profit margin. Any 
particular reason because I think the raw materials still remains at a very reasonable level and 
what is the reason for a decline in the gross profit margin sequentially and I don't see mixing too 
different in this quarter versus previous quarter? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So I think this is a pass-through of raw material prices. We were able to hold a larger portion in 
Q3 than Q4. That's one reason. Mr. Natu, you would like to add anything more? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
One reason as we explained is we were able to hold on the raw material price pass-through in 
Q3 compared to Q4. Also, there has been a marginal product mix between the specialty also. 
There has been a product mix changes and the inventory effect. So total put together we see that 
our gross margin for the quarter has been in the range of around 44% which is if you really see 
on a long-term basis, it is a long-term average. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But I think we -- over a period our mix has only become better with more high performance, 
more effect. So long-term average is not a benchmark we're looking at. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes, Mr. Sanjesh. So I agree with you. The long-term average the reason why we mentioned is 
both the raw material inflationary trend we had seen that are coming back to the normalcy. And 
as you rightly mentioned the mix would play out favorably in the coming years. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That’s very clear. Thanks sir I will come back in the queue for more questions and best of luck 
for the coming quarters. 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you Sanjesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhav Marda: 
My question was on the margin profile for Sudarshan over the next 2 years or 3 years. If you 
look at the past I think our product mix used to be very different than what it is today and we've 
been working for the last 4 years, 5 years to expand the portfolio which seems like is the case 
now. So given that through COVID used to... 
Nilkanth Natu: 
You're not clearly audible. Maybe can you be slightly closer to the mic and slightly slow down 
the pace. It is coming -- I'm not able to hear it clearly. 
Madhav Marda: 
I will just speak a little loudly little slower. My question basically was that if you look at 
Sudarshan's margin profile pre-COVID we used to be in that 14% to 15% range. That is in our 
product portfolio. We used to be very different than what it is today. And I think since 2017 or 
'18, we've been speaking about expanding this portfolio which seems that it is in place now. So 
my question was that if you think from a 2 year, 3 year perspective as some of these newer 
product SKUs starts giving s for us, can the margin profile of the company move above that 
14%, 15% into the, let's say, 17%, 18% range. I don't want an exact number, but directionally is 
there scope for margins to be higher in the coming few years versus what it was pre-COVID? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So that's a very good question. I think there are two factors. I think if you see average before 
COVID our margins probably were around 14%. One year was kind of outlier, but our endeavor 
first now was to come back on margins and create a healthy balance sheet which has happened 
now. Now we are focused on growth.  
We need to get growth first and then again focus on optimizing and improve our margins. So 
going forward definitely economies of scale should play up and our EBITDA margins should 
improve going forward. 
Madhav Marda: 
And could you give some sense in terms of how different the gross profit margins are for the 
newer portfolio versus the older portfolio like how many is it like 300 basis points, 400 basis 
points higher or how different is the margin profile broadly? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Natuji, would you like to take this question? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So we don't give the specific between the specialty product portfolio and the range between the 
specialty product portfolio. But as Mr. Rathi has mentioned that the new capex is more on the 
specialty side and that on the higher performance pigment. We see that overall basis our margin 
-- it should be margin accretive once we see the capex ramp up happening.  
Madhav Rathi: 
Understood. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers and margin recovery. Sir, first 
question is on the sequential side in domestic. So domestic again we have shown a very strong 
growth. So which in all are the segments that we have seen this growth and which in all segments 
are still relatively lagging behind? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So in India, usually the Q4 quarter is a stronger quarter and what we found is in this quarter a 
lot of our plastic customers the ramp-up has happened and they were also stocking up. So plastics 
stood very well. I think printing inks was in muted growth. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. And second question is globally the second largest player has called off for an insolvency. 
So are you seeing any signs of traction because of that and I mean based on our talks with our 
customers across the geographies how does the foreseeable future looks like? And what is your 
understanding of the entire phenomenon that because of the insolvency would there be any 
capacities which have already gone out of the system or will go out of the system? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So sir I think it's a dual effect. I think we were positioning ourselves as a global reliable supplier 
and that's what we've been engaging with our customers. I would also like to admit that the 
current event has accelerated product samplings, more in-depth interaction with customers and 
our velocity of opportunity funnel has improved. That's the current scenario from the perspective 
of the market. And your second question -- sorry, could you repeat your second question? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes. So have we seen any capacity going off the screen or whenever we are talking to our 
customers, customers are now looking at incremental order flow to us given that there could be 
some disruptions. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, sure. So wherever we are already approved, we are seeing a better flow,  but I think what's 
more important is a lot many new set of customers are getting engaged, which is very important 
for us. It's not that the capacity is going off as it is very difficult to comment right now because 
of the recency of the event.  So, it will take some time to kind off to come to that stage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. 
Archit Joshi: 
Congrats on a very solid Q4 performance. So my first question is with regards to the new assets 
that we have capitalized after the INR750 crores capex that we did. I just wanted to understand 
what would be the utilization levels of the new assets given a strong operating leverage that we 
saw in the fourth quarter? Point being trying to understand is on the current base, how much 
would be the realizable sale that we can garner from the leftover utilization that we have? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Natu Ji, would you like to address a few things and I can add on? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Sure, So on the new capex ramp up, these new capex projects, we have commissioned in the FY 
'23. And as we guided the market then -- these products has been well received by the customer. 
The approvals are in place, and we are seeing the good traction. The targets which we are setting 
for us as a company for the first year, we are on target for that. And we earlier guided the market 
that it will be the gradual ramp up. So we are seeing that we are on track in terms of getting those 
assets utilized over a period. Mr. Rathi, over to you if you would like to add anything. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes. So I think on your question on how this plays out,  we are hoping that we are able to, our 
earlier guidance was that we will get these assets fully utilized in four years. We are hoping that 
we would be able to, accelerate this now, but it's too early to comment on what that period would 
be. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure. Sir, one final question on the previously spoken of comments on the insolvency 
proceedings. Sir, obviously, there are multiple subsidiaries of the incumbent. And I think the 
news is that there's only insolvency proceeding happening in -- with their parent entity. Would 
you have any assessment of the scenario across the group given that they have a sizable market 
position in terms of market share. And would these lead to irreversible opportunities for us in 
garnering whatever market share that we can with the enhanced stocks that we are having with 
our customers as on date? Thank you, sir. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So, sir, I think, it has definitely created a big uncertainty in the market, which has opened up 
some of the doors for us And we started a deeper engagement with our customers. Now, how 
this plays out and how this works out is going to, time will -- we will find out in recent times. 
But I would say that we are looking at not one-off demands. We are looking at ensuring that we 
are deeply engaged, we are able to get a sustained order book, and we are not playing with one-
off demands. 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Asset Management. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Noel Vaz: 
Yes. I just had one query. So what has been the price -- I mean I think you had mentioned that 
the recovery in FY '24 versus '23 has been largely volume-lead. So, how do we see pricing in 
fourth quarter versus third quarter and fourth quarter versus first quarter? Thank you. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Mr. Natu, would you like to take this question? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Sure. Thank you. So as we have seen during the year, the raw material prices have been, you 
know, more or less stable after the Q 2. Between Q3 and Q4, we saw the raw material prices 
were fairly stable. And as I mentioned in my opening commentary and then in the follow-up 
question, you know, we had done the raw material pass-through, which is very calibrated, during 
these two quarters. But in terms of the pricing differentiation between Q3 and Q4, there has not 
been much data. 
Noel Vaz: 
Okay. And Q4 versus Q1 so far? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Can you repeat the question, please? 
Noel Vaz: 
1Q as in the current quarter, which we are in, versus the fourth quarter average. I mean, is it 
higher, lower? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Versus the last year, correct? Q4 to Q1, you are talking about? 
Noel Vaz: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes, sequentially.  
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes,. So as I mentioned, between Q3, Q4, sequentially, it has been fairly stable. If I compare 
with the Q1, it has been a steady decline in the raw material prices. And last year Q1 FY '24 
compared to now Q4 '24, we have seen the sequential price reduction compared to the H1. 
Noel Vaz: 
Okay. And regarding capex for FY '25, how much are we looking at? And what will be the focus 
of the capex? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Natu Ji, we've already given the guidance, right? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes.  
Rajesh Rathi: 
Do you want to take this? 
Rajesh Rathi : 
The capex is mainly maintenance led. And the figure for capex is around INR100 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from Alfaccurate Advisors. 
Dhavan Shah: 
My question is on the growth of the fourth quarter. So we did roughly 35% quarter-on-quarter 
growth. I understand that the fourth quarter is always the largest one. But can you share, I mean, 
how much of the incremental revenue has come up from the recently, we did the capex of 
roughly INR700-odd crores. So how much of that revenue comes from the new capex? And at 
what utilization that capex operating right now? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So as I have given the guidance, our capacity was going to get utilized in 4 years and we would 
be this was the first year of our capex. So we were at around 1/4, I mean that kind of number 
less than that as some of the capex has got online a little later, right. Natuji, would you like to 
add more? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes. So thank you Mr. Rathi. As we mentioned in our opening commentary and the follow-up 
question, this has been a gradual ramp-up. And currently, what we see the current scale-up for 
the first year has been as per the target which has been defined. And we don't declare the capacity 
utilization as a group. So I would not like to comment on that, but it is in the early utilization 
stage for this capital. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Sure. And on the quarter-on-quarter and Y-o-Y, what we are seeing the margin improvement in 
EBITDA. This is largely coming from the lower O&M, I mean, operating and maintenance 
machine expenditure. And if I look at the breakup of these manufacturing costs, I think the 
majority of them are variable like power and fuel, freight. And given that the volumes have been 
increased, so what led the lower other cost during this quarter. Can you please explain? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Natuji? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So as Mr. Rathi also mentioned that we worked on the dual strategy. One is the growth and then 
the coupled with the EBITDA improvement. So there are two effects. During the quarter, the 
revenue has been on a sequential basis, has grown up, which is normally the strong quarter 
during the year. At the same time, we have also seen that on the other expense side, we have 
seen the reduction in the coal prices, which has also helped the company in lowering the 
manufacturing cost. Third effect is overall increase in the revenue and with the cost being 
moderated or lower has also helped us in better operating leverage. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So my first question is with the strong volume growth 
coming through and with a healthy improvement in cash flows and the balance sheet, are we 
looking to reevaluate the backward integration capex? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I will take it. So basically,  our focus right now is on growth and given the opportunity of what 
we have on board, we are focused on that currently. We are getting some benefit of our backward 
integration because we get some of our raw materials toll manufactured, right, the technologies 
which we have developed. 
We don't see this investment coming back in the next -- this financial year at least for the 
backward integrations. So that's what the board has taken. I think we wanted to ensure that our 
balance sheet becomes very healthy. But the technologies are developed. And though we are not 
getting all the benefits of -- if you are able to make them ourselves as we get it toll manufactured 
at a higher price. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure, sir. So are we buying the competitors, domestic assets or any part of it? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So sir, I think, firstly, like I said, we wanted to ensure that the debt which has gone to a very 
high level. So first thing was to manage the debt Because this was not by design.  The Board 
never wanted us to -- this was only because of COVID happening -- our capex is getting delayed 
and the geopolitical situation, which came in So from that perspective, from an M&A 
perspective, once now our balance sheet is also healthy. We want to make sure that we don't take 
on debt very much.  But at the same time, we are very open to any inorganic opportunities if it 
makes financial and strategic sense. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
And sir, are we reevaluating the divestment of Rieco Industries Limited by which is now that, 
you know it is an EBIT positive and there's a turnaround happened. So are we reevaluating the 
divestment there? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So I think there's a scope to improve the operations further and we are now focused first on 
strengthening the business performance. So that's where the Board is taking a decision to 
transform that company too. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Which is why precisely I ask that now with the rising focus further on the pigment business, this 
noncore business could be reevaluated. But thank you for your answer that. Wish you all the 
best. These were the questions from my end. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC AMC. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Question was in the last few quarters, we have seen improvement in your working capital days, 
cash conversion days that we report. So is that broadly achieved? Or is there still further scope? 
And broadly, if you can give some sense, is this because of some change in industry structure? 
Or this is something that internally we've achieved? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
This is defiantly, internal what we've achieved, we've improved our planning cycles or inventory 
management greatly. There may be a slight scope, in further improvement, but I think we are 
very much to that level. Natuji, would you like to add? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you, Mr. Rathi. So Dhruv as Mr. Rathi has explained, there has been a lot of process 
improvements, which we have done and which we have driven it internally. And if you really 
see the last entire year, the working capital cycle has improved and we will continue that. 
Currently, it is at 66 days so maybe the optimal days, but we will also look for any further 
opportunities. However, given the current short-term scenario and the way market is looking 
out, as you know, given the recency of the event, we might take some calls in terms of the 
stocking up at our overseas marketing arms. But otherwise, we remain confident that this 
working capital efficiency will remain in the system. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Got it Yes, sure. And sir, my second question is broadly probably just a clarification. If you look 
at the performance of the last few quarters, it has been given primarily domestic and primarily 
non-specialty, which would suggest that your specialty is yet to reasonably ramp up, which is 
more, I think, to export and relatively higher margin products. 
So I understand you don't give exact margin guidance, but it is reasonable to assume that 15%, 
16% that you have currently has a meaningful scope of improvement as some of your new 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
product segment starts to deliver, primarily on the exports and the specialty side. That would be 
a fair understanding? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Dhruv, can you please repeat the question. There was a some disturbance at my end. 
Rajesh Rathi: 
I could hear it. He is talking about Q2. So I think two areas,. One is, I think as we mentioned, 
our baseload will be the some of the non-specialties, which is already there. There would be 
improvements, of course, some margins coming through specialties and as we ramp up the 
capex,. But more importantly, I think where the margin improvements will come in through 
economics of scale as our fixed costs gets leveraged. That’s what we give the main increase in 
margins going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj Bajaj Finserv AMC. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
A very good set of numbers. Two questions primarily. One is on the peak revenue potential from 
our current fixed asset base, A few quarters back, you had guided that it would be somewhere 
around INR3,000 crores to INR3,300 crores in the overall pigment business. Now if I look at 
FY'24 specialty versus non-specialty, specialty is somewhere around INR1,500 crores, whereas 
non-specialty is INR700 crores. Can we get a sense of the peak revenue segment wise, specialty. 
What can be our peak revenue potential vis-a-vis non-specialty? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Natu Ji? I don't -- I'm not sure what numbers... 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes. So, thanks, Sabyasachi, for this question. So currently, the revenue mix between the 
specialty and non-specialty 2/3, 1/3 which is 67%, 68% to 32% in the non-specialty side. Given 
the recently commissioned capex, majority of them, which is on the specialty side. So when we 
guided the market of INR3,300 crores, we also guided them saying that we expect the tilt in the 
specialty to go upward maybe in the percentage point by -- around 4% to 5% across number. So 
that tilt will be closer to 72% to 74% number compared to the now based on the full utilization 
of the newly commissioned capex. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. That's helpful. A follow-up to that, directionally, our exports and specialty mix should 
improve. And that should further help in margin improvement? I know this is a bit repetitive in 
nature, but just wanted to have your views on it? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
So, thanks, Sabyasachi. So, as we had mentioned that directionally, what we see is , specialty 
segment and export as a market, we should see the growth coming in. And it is more -- the 
margin will be led more by the increase in the specialty segment over a period, which will have 
the margin accretive profile for us as a company. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Second question on the -- you have mentioned in one of the slides in the presentation that Y-o-
Y growth in full year non-specialty segment is due to improvement in the Phthalocyanine  
pigments. You reported about 9% growth whereas the specialty pigments segment saw 6% Y-
o-Y growth in revenues. This in value terms, if you could help us, what would be the volume 
growth in both non-specialty and specialty? 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes. So sir, we don't give the specific volume growth number. But as we have mentioned that 
during this year, we have seen a volume growth, which is on the higher double digit. Between 
specialty and non-specialty on the overall period, I see both the segments are performing equally 
well. Barring the quarterly abbreviation, but otherwise, on a yearly performance, both the 
segment growth has been in line. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatin Sangwan from Burman Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask how much of our sales come directly to clients 
and how much of our sales comes from distributors? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So I think we always have a dual distribution strategy in every geography. So the range of our 
direct business would be between 60% to 70% and our distribution would be balanced. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
And you mentioned that you are seeing increased traction after the Heubach bankruptcy 
announcement. So I wanted to understand under which category of pigment Azo, HPP pigments 
are we seeing increased traction? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So sir, I think we are seeing for our specialty products more traction. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
And under speciality, we count Azo pigments and HPP pigments? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
Yes. HPP, yes. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So with the ramp-up of the new capacity, how much volume 
growth do we anticipate for FY'26 and FY'27, any guidance there? 
Rajesh Rathi: 
So I think from a perspective, sir, we don't give volume. But like I said, directly, we are seeing 
a good traction. And we should be able to grow our business. But I think we won't be able to 
give you particular numbers. Natu Ji, would you like to add anything? 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Yes. So, sir, we don't give the number for forward-looking statements. But as Mr. Rathi has 
mentioned, there have been a lot of positive tailwinds company is  poised and having a lot of 
capabilities built up over a period. So, we expect this current year should be good in terms of 
overall performance. But directionally it will be good, but we would not like to put a number. 
Aditya Sen: 
All right, sir. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that will be the last question for the day. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited
 
 
May 21, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Nilkanth Natu: 
Thank you, Axis Capital and Ankur Periwal, and thank you all for participating, for your time 
and interest in Sudarshan Chemical Industries Limited and putting forth business questions. We 
remain confident in the long-term prospect of our business, and we look forward to engaging 
with you again in the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
***** 
