Ref. No.: UTI/AMC/CS/SE/2024-25/0424 
Date: 2nd May, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza Plot No. C/1 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra East Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: UTIAMC 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code / Symbol: 543238 / UTIAMC 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings conference call on financial performance of the Company 
for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2024 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI 
Listing Regulations) and as per the relevant SEBI Circulars we are disclosing  the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Friday, the 26th April, 2024 at 1100 hrs IST on the financial 
performance of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2024. 
The transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call is also available on the Company’s website 
at www.utimf.com in compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Thanking you, 
For UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Arvind Patkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
ARVIND 
BHAGWAN 
DAS PATKAR
Digitally signed by 
ARVIND BHAGWAN 
DAS PATKAR 
Date: 2024.05.02 
17:59:29 +05'30'

Information Classification: UTI AMC - Confidential 
Page 1 of 19 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q4 & FY 2024 Earnings Call 
26th April 2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the UTI Asset Management 
Company Limited Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call. From the 
management, we have with us, Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman, Managing Director & 
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Vinay Lakhotia, Chief Financial Officer & Head - 
Corporate Strategy; Mr. Surojit Saha, Group Financial Advisor and Mr. 
Sandeep Samsi, Head - Investor Relations, Marketing and Corporate 
Communications. We also have an Investor Relations team from Adfactors PR. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. Please note the disclaimer mentioning these risks and 
uncertainties are on the disclaimer slide of the investor presentation that has 
been shared earlier. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman, MD and CEO 
for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to our earnings call for 
the fourth quarter and financial year ending 31st March 2024. We appreciate 
your presence today as we discuss our operational and financial 
achievements. You may have read our press release and investor 
presentation, which are available on our website and the website of stock 
exchanges. 

Page 2 of 19 
The financial year 2024 has indeed been a stellar year for the capital market 
and for the investor community. The year brought in numerous opportunities 
following the phase of normalization in the financial year 2023. Throughout 
the year, we have witnessed a resilient surge in growth driven by robust 
positive sentiments towards consumer demand and substantial capital 
expenditure. Despite tight monetary conditions and a challenging geopolitical 
landscape, India has maintained its position as one of the fastest-growing 
economies, building upon the momentum gained in the previous fiscal year.  
The latest South Asia Development Update by the World Bank, released in 
April 2024, projects India's growth to reach an impressive 7.5% in Financial 
Year 2024. This optimism is supported by the stellar Q3 GDP growth at 8.4%. 
Other noteworthy developments were the increase in India's weightage in the 
MSCI Global Index to 18.2%, more than double what it was three years ago, 
and the inclusion of Indian bonds in the JPMorgan EM Bond Index, which is 
expected to take effect by the end of June in the current financial year. 
In the mutual fund industry, we have observed a significant evolution in 
recent years. The equity market surge in FY24 has been instrumental in 
attracting net inflows of approximately ₹ 3.54 lakh crore, pushing assets 
under management to a commendable ₹ 53.4 lakh crore as of March 31, 2024. 
This surge of about 35% from last year has created substantial wealth creation 
opportunities for retail investors and has led to a notable increase in their 
count, according to the latest data from AMFI. 
As per the March 2024, AMFI reports that more than 60% of assets, i.e., about 
₹ 33.3 lakh crore, based on average AUM, are held by individual investors. 
Going by the composition, around 84% of individual investor assets, including 
HNI, are held in equity-oriented schemes. 
Friends, if we speak about the geographical opportunities for mutual funds, 
only 18% of AUM is coming from B30 cities. Another interesting point is that 
the share of women investors in AUM was close to 23% as of February 2024.  

Page 3 of 19 
This is an opportune time to bring in substantial investors from these cities 
into the mainstream financial ecosystem while reinforcing mutual fund 
industry’s significance in the country's economic structure. 
At UTI, we are well positioned to harness the momentum from both B30 and 
T30 cities, leveraging the changing investor behaviour and improving financial 
literacy. UTI has been expanding its footprint into new locations across India, 
particularly in tier-2 and tier-3 towns. Our strength in beyond-30 cities 
remains steadfast, accounting for close to 21% of our AUM, with a total folio 
count of 40.87 lakh, which is 33% of our total folios. This success can be 
attributed to our consistent efforts in these towns for onboarding of new 
investors and fostering long-term relationships with them. During the year, 
UTI opened 29 new branches in the Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities, and we will 
continue to expand our presence in the smaller towns during the current fiscal 
as well by using the digital infrastructure. 
Our strategic focus has been on enhancing supervisory efficiency within the 
sales function, introducing innovative sales models and roles, and expanding 
our product offerings for distribution at key counters. We have strengthened 
our engagement with our distribution partners, and during the year our fund 
management and product team travelled across the country and conducted 
106 meetings. Of these, 43 meetings, were in the top 10 cities.  
We have also reached out to potential investors conducting investor 
awareness programs across Bharat to raise awareness about Mutual Funds 
industry to the first-time investors and benefits of investing through SIPs in 
the mutual funds. As a part of this commitment to financial literacy, we 
partnered with Dainik Jagran to conduct investor awareness programs across 
40 Tier-I, II and III cities. Our Mega IAP event in Varanasi in December 2023 
garnered significant retail participation. We will continue to use IAPs to create 
investor awareness.  
Our new and revamped website, catering to investors and distributors, offers 
enhanced accessibility and functionality. All digital assets of UTI Mutual Fund 
are now consolidated under our digital platform, ‘UTI HART’, indicating our 

Page 4 of 19 
commitment to providing a delightful experience across all touch points. 
Leveraging on the digital network, we have hosted online sessions with our 
fund managers on the debt and equity market outlook. 
We have undertaken a comprehensive renovation of our corporate office 
premises, focusing on ease of comfort and aesthetics to create an appealing 
working environment for our stakeholders.  
Over the last year, we have strengthened our focus on sustainability and 
responsible investing, and ESG has been deeply embedded in our investment 
processes and operations. We have developed sector-specific ESG framework 
and are continuously building capabilities for value-driven investments. 
Continuing our commitment to environmental conservation, we have 
implemented cutting-edge processes such as biometric KYC and go-green 
options for selected after-sales services.  
During the year, we launched UTI Balanced Advantage Fund in the month of 
July. The fund has an AUM of ₹ 2750 crore as of March 31st, 2024. This 
product launch has helped us complete our offering in the hybrid category of 
funds. Also, we now have five products under the smart beta category with 
total AUM of more than ₹ 5,500 crore. These smart beta products have helped 
us address the growing demand of such products in the market. Additionally, 
we have launched our two differentiated products, namely Nifty 5-year and 
10-year G-Sec ETFs, during the year for institutional investors. While the AUM 
of these funds is small, we now have two products in the upcoming category. 
On a group level, we are delighted to share with you 
•
UTI International obtained license from the French regulators for
business operations in the European region through our Paris office.
This will give us an on-ground presence in Continental Europe and
create significant business opportunities in this market.
•
Our retirement solution business has obtained a point-of-presence
license from PFRDA and a NOC from SEBI. The POP license will allow
UTI RSL to reach out to new pension fund investors and engage the

Page 5 of 19 
services of partners to grow the business. For our AIF business, we 
have received SEBI approval for starting operations in GIFT City in 
Gujarat. This will enable foreign investors to invest in our domestic 
AIF funds.  
•
UTI AMC and UTI Investment America Ltd. have been registered with
the Securities Exchange Commission, USA, and we are planning to
start our operations in the USA.
•
The total AUM for UTI Group has increased by 19% to ₹ 18.48 lakh
crore as of March 31st, 2024, compared to ₹ 15.56 lakh crore during
the previous financial year. The domestic mutual fund business has
witnessed a commendable 22% growth, reaching ₹ 2.91 lakh crore
against ₹ 2.39 lakh crore last year.
For further insight into UTI Mutual Fund performance and other operational 
updates for Q4 & FY2024, I now invite my colleague, Mr. Sandeep Samsi, Head 
of Investor Relations, Marketing and Corporate Communications to provide 
more details.  
Sandeep Samsi: 
Thank you, Sir. I will first take you through UTI’s performance during the 
fourth quarter and financial year ended March 31st, 2024. 
 UTI MF PERFORMANCE 
•
UTI was able to capture a market share of 6.84% of the gross sales of the
industry during this quarter and market share of 7.79% of the gross sales for
FY24.
•
Our Equity QAAUM for the quarter ended March 2024 stood at ₹ 84,777
crore, rising by 20% as compared to the quarter ended March 2023.
•
QAAUM for Index & ETFs stood at ₹ 1,15,448 crore, up by 39% in the fourth
quarter commensurate with growth in the overall passive investment. ETFs
and index funds net inflows stood at ₹ 11,682 crore.
•
UTI added 1.92 lakh folios taking up the number of live folios to 1.24 crore as
on 31st March 2024.
•
Our SIP AUM witnessed growth of 42.95% over the corresponding quarter of
the last year, reaching to ₹ 30,747 crore as of March 2024.

Page 6 of 19 
•
The SIP inflows for the fourth quarter stood at ₹ 1,772 crore. The SIP gross
inflows for UTI MF witnessed a year-on-year growth of 5% with an average
SIP ticket size of ₹ 3,164.4 crore for March 2024.
•
For the full year, the SIP inflows were ₹ 6,767 crore, higher by 5% compared
to ₹ 6,463 crore in FY23.
 UTI AMC FINANCIALS 
On Consolidated basis 
•
During the fourth quarter, the company posted a consolidated net profit of ₹
163 crore, higher by 90% YoY and down by 12% QoQ while the consolidated
revenue from operations for the fourth quarter stood at ₹ 416 crore, up by
38% YoY.
•
Consolidated core PAT for the fourth quarter is ₹ 96 crore up by 68% YoY and
22% QoQ.
•
For the full year, the consolidated net profit was ₹ 766 crore, Higher by 75%
YoY and consolidated revenue from operations was ₹ 1,737 crore, up by 37%
YoY.
•
For the full year, the consolidated core PAT was ₹ 345 crore, up by 8% YoY and
the core revenue for the same period is ₹ 1,182 crore, which is up 5% YoY.
On stand-alone basis 
•
The PAT of UTI AMC Ltd. for Q4 FY24 is ₹ 151 crore, reflecting a growth of
54% YoY and 1% QoQ and core PAT for Q4 FY24 is ₹ 91 crore, up by 71% YoY
and 40% QoQ.
•
The PAT of UTI AMC Ltd. for FY24 is ₹ 601 crore, higher by 41% YoY.
•
Core PAT of UTI AMC Ltd. for FY24 is ₹ 293 crore, up by 6% YoY.
UTI Retirement Solutions Ltd. 
•
Our 100% owned subsidiary, UTI Retirement Solutions Ltd., has recorded a
growth of 25.74% YoY in its AUM, reaching ₹ 3.03 lakh crore in Q4 FY24, and
currently manages 25.8% of the NPS industry AUM.

Page 7 of 19 
•
The PAT of UTI RSL for the full year is ₹ 54 crore, an increase of 16% YoY basis.
UTI International 
•
UTI International, which represents our international business interest, has
an AUM of ₹ 27,645 crore as of March 31st, 2024, up by 27.4% YoY.
•
Our international clients are across more than 35 countries. These are
primarily institutions, pensions, insurance, banks, and asset managers.
•
One of our flagship funds, the India Dynamic Equity Fund (IDEF), domiciled in
Ireland, has an AUM of USD 951.77 million.
•
UK International’s J  Safra Sarasin Responsible India Fund, an ESG-compliant
India fund, has an AUM of USD 74.66 million.
•
UTI India Innovation Fund, launched last year, has an AUM of USD 41.33
million.
UTI Alternatives Pvt. Ltd. 
•
UTI Alternatives Private Limited has a total AUM of ₹ 1,974 crore. It has a 
well-defined ESG policy and strategy in place. It currently manages the
following Active Debt Funds:
o
UTI Structured Debt Opportunities Fund (UTI SDOF) I, for which we
received SEBI approval in August 2017 and which closed in May 2019,
has an AUM of ₹ 132 crore. Currently, the fund is in exit mode.
o
UTI SDOF II has an AUM of ₹ 519 crore, and the fund is currently in the
investing stage. We had received SEBI approval in February 2021.
o
UTI Multi Opportunity Fund I has an AUM of ₹ 763 crore. Currently, the
fund is in the investing stage.
o
UTI SDOF III, for which we received SEBI approval in April 2022, has an
AUM of ₹ 433 crore. The fund is currently in fundraising as well as an
investing stage.
o
UTI Real Estate Opportunities Fund I is currently fundraising and
investing with commitments of ₹ 127 crore.
o
UTI Alternatives got a Co-Investment Portfolio Manager (CPM) license
in August 2022.

Page 8 of 19 
o
We have received SEBI approvals for two more funds – UTI Credit
Opportunities Fund I and UTI Asset Reconstruction Opportunities Fund
which will be launching at appropriate times.
We have launched a new and revamped website for our investors and 
distributors, and with this, we have completed the revamp of all our Digital 
Assets be it our Website, Mobile App, & Contact Center for both investors and 
distributors. Accompanied by multiple new features and seamless journey, 
we have also introduced robo-advisory capabilities that shall cover goal 
planning and management, innovative calculators, risk analyzer, etc. 
We have launched a 3-in-1 self-service Digital KYC process riding on Aadhaar, 
DigiLocker, and eSign, and also extended the same for biometric-based KYC 
through UTI MF offices. We now have a scalable and robust architectural 
design to cater to nearly 0.6 million transactions per day riding on micro-
services architecture. To ensure the enterprise assets are accessed securely 
through a trusted network and device, we have successfully rolled out the 
Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI). 
I would now request the Managing Director and CEO for his concluding 
remarks.  
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We will go for Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee 
from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: I have three questions from my side. The first one is on the standalone 
business. There is an expansion of yields that we see. I just wanted to 
understand the levers of the trend. Is it only because of a higher mix of equity, 
or is there anything else to lead to that? That would be the first thing, sir. 
The second is on the SIP flows. The run rate has improved in the current 
quarter. How are you seeing that as we have moved into Q1 FY25? And I just 
wanted to understand from your side how the flow share would be across the 

Page 9 of 19 
distribution channels, the direct vis-à-vis the other intermediate channels, 
and what kind of engagement you might be having to drive this. 
And thirdly, on the expenses part, sir, if you could highlight what led to the 
increase in the sequential increase in the employee benefits expense and also 
if there could be any additional expense from the Paris office side in the 
consolidated entity? Other expenses have remained fairly steady over the 
years. Any comments on that? How big could the impact be? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
I'll take the question on the yield as well as on the expenses side, and Sandeep 
will take on the SIPs and the marketplace. On the yield, there has been a yield 
improvement across all categories of the funds, apart from equity and hybrid. 
We are seeing this improvement in cash and arbitrage funds around 2 bps.  
In the income fund also, around 1.5 bps of yield improvement is there. On the 
equity and hybrid funds, the yield improvement is close to around 5 bps, 
primarily because of two factors. First of all, normally we estimate the 
commissions, basis our understanding of the business mobilization. The 
actual payout could be more or less. As you are aware, any scheme expenses 
cannot be charged to AMC, so if there is any underestimation or 
overestimation of commission, the differential is adjusted in the management 
fee. There has been some increase in the management fee on account of 
overestimation of commission. 
Secondly, as you are aware, the B30 accrual commission was stopped by SEBI 
in February 2023. Whatever business we mobilized until February '23, the 
commission was required to be paid for a one-year additional trail 
commission. Since the accrual has stopped for those businesses, that 
impacted our yield in the first three quarters for equity and hybrid funds. And 
in fourth quarter, since we are not required to pay any commission as the 
one-year period has already ended, that has also improved our AMC yield 
under the equity and hybrid category of the fund. 
Coming to the expenses, there has been an increase in the employee cost by 
close to ~10%, both on a sequential as well as on a year-on-year basis. It is 

Page 10 of 19 
primarily because of two factors. One is the one-time expense on account of 
gratuity. Because of actuarial valuation, it increased was by around ₹ 5.5 
crore. Also, the insurance cost also has marginally gone up by ₹ 2.5 crore 
during this quarter. 
Apart from that, there has been an increase in employee expenses of UTI 
International. As Mr. Rahman rightly pointed out, we are expanding our 
business in the international fund, both in the European market as well as in 
the North American market. Because of that, we have seen increased 
employee expenses. For UTI International, there has been a slight increase in 
employee expenses of close to ₹ 3 crore on QoQ basis. The other expenses 
are almost flat, and we believe that this run rate should continue going 
forward as well. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Sir, a quick follow-up on the yield part. I wanted to just ask that, as you 
mentioned, this quarter we are seeing some overestimation of commission, 
possibly in the previous quarter, right? This is my understanding, correct? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: So, from Q1 FY25, how should we look at it? Will it go back to the earlier 
range? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
We are continuing with the same rate. So, almost 76 bps will be there for 
equity and hybrid funds. So, we start the year with the same rate. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Okay. And for the other categories, the increases that you highlighted, should 
we take that into account going forward? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Understood. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Swarnabha, on the SIP inflows, as we mentioned, we have seen improved 
inflows and we are further taking a number of steps to further improve our 
inflows in this category. One is the kind of effort that we are taking with our 

Page 11 of 19 
distribution partners across the country. Even more so in the smaller cities, 
where we are seeing significant traction for our funds. What we are trying to 
do is try to pitch new products. We have different product categories that we 
launched, like the Balanced Advantage Fund, which we launched last year. We 
are also targeting the new generation of investors who look at more of these 
index funds. 
That has also helped us to improve our SIPs. These are the steps that we are 
taking and we will continue further to take these steps. On the direct versus 
the distribution mix, it is similar to what it was in the previous quarter, Equity 
and hybrid, which is the right parameter to look at it because the distribution 
plays an important role in the distribution of equity and hybrid funds; that 
ratio remains similar. 30% is direct, while 60% to 70% comes from the MFD. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
We are extremely focused on enhancing our engagement with our 
distributors. We have a very deep relationship with the banks as a channel for 
distribution. We are further enhancing our relationship with the top thousand 
distributors across the length and breadth of the country. As far as the Paris 
office is concerned, we are not expecting any further expenses to be incurred. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Just one clarification, sir, on the distribution mix that you mentioned. That is 
for the flow. Would that be a correct assumption? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
That is for the AUM, but for the flows as well, it is very similar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll move on to the next question, which is from the line of Lalit 
Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sir, the first question is, as you mentioned on the yields, can you repeat the 
numbers on the cash and arbitrage, and as you mentioned on the debt 
stream, what were the yields and how much expense for the group? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, cash and arbitrage, yields have improved from 9 to 11 bps, and on the 
fixed income from 21 to 22 bps. 

Page 12 of 19 
Lalit Deo: 
On the flow side, while we are taking steps to increase our flows across 
channels, but then on the net sales side, and on the equity side, we are still 
seeing some pressure on redemption. Right? Could you highlight what the 
gross sales were during the quarter in the equity and hybrid category? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, gross sales for Q4 FY24 were ₹ 2,981 crore in equity and hybrid category. 
Lalit Deo: 
Lastly, any new product pipeline or any new product you are looking to launch 
in FY25? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes. We are planning to launch a Multi Cap Fund during the year, and we are 
also looking to further innovate in the passively managed space as well as 
thematic funds. We have, of course, continuous efforts to launch new 
products, and as and when the market cycle and timing is right, we will launch 
new products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just firstly on the yield front, the improvement in the equity and hybrid 
category you said it was 5 bps. Am I correct in saying that maybe on a 
sequential basis? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, out of that, how much of that would have come from the B30 because 
that would have been only for one month, right? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
No. That particular payout impacted our margins for three quarters.  it is not 
possible to give a breakup of how much is because of the commission saving 
and how much is on account of B30. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Because until February, you would have paid the commission, and it is from 
March that the commission would not have paid. That is the reason I was 
coming from that point that whether the rates that you have mentioned are 
the exit rates, so the 5 bps are on an end-to-end basis or on an average basis? 

Page 13 of 19 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
It is on an end-to-end basis. 
Prayesh Jain: 
End-to-end. So, this can sustain basically whatever you are mentioning. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And secondly, sir, there is an improvement in the yields on the international 
side as well, right? Again, for the sustainability of the same, could you just 
help us understand the same? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. In international business, we are investing heavily and are in the process 
of launching a few funds as well so we believe that on international front the 
yield should actually improve. This is an area we are investing heavily in, so 
we are promoting two new products over there, India Innovation Fund as well 
as Private Credit Real Estate Fund. Both of these funds have a slightly better 
margin, so we do believe that overall revenue as well as the margin number 
should improve for UTI International as well going forward. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, we have seen very high volatility in this yield internationally; for example, 
in Q4 FY23, it was 0.57%. It has now continuously declined until Q3 FY24, and 
now we have seen some improvement. What was the reason for this 
continuous decline and now a recovery? Is the mix changing, or what is driving 
this improvement in yields after four quarters of consistent decline? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
There was a slight asset mix changes as well. During September quarter, we 
have witnessed some of the redemption in our flagship fund which are the 
IDEF category and significant inflows have come into our fixed income fund. 
That brought volatility into the yield number. But we are focusing very heavily 
on the equity category of the fund and going forward, we believe that overall 
margin number should improve. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And sir, from an expenses standpoint, how should we look at employee 
expenses for next year? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Very similar to whatever the growth rate has been there for the current year, 
maybe on a standalone basis, the increase could be around 2%-3%. On a 

Page 14 of 19 
consolidated basis, the increase could be slightly higher because we are 
investing in all three lines of business. For UTI International, I have already 
mentioned. UTI Alternative is also we are strengthening our team since we 
are launching two or three new funds over there. And for UTI RSL also, we are 
expanding our team to grow our private pension business as well as POP 
business. So, on a consolidated basis, the number could be 100 and 150 bps 
higher than the standalone number. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And last question on the tax rate. Could you guide for FY25? What would be 
the tax rate? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
I think it should be in the range of 22%-23%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit Mangal from BOB 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
I have three questions. First, on the dividend, I think you have given a special 
dividend. Going forward, should we expect the same 55%–60% dividend 
payout ratio? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
As far as dividend is concerned, we have a policy that we always pay a 
minimum 50% dividend to our investors. Last year, we paid around 66%. This 
year, 66% or 67% we have maintained for the current financial year, and we 
have given an additional dividend and 100% of our profit we have distributed 
to our investors.  
Mohit Mangal: 
Next, in terms of the flow, apart from the equity, we saw liquid also seeing 
net outflows this quarter. What are the major reasons for that? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
For liquid funds, most of the banks go for the exit and therefore there was an 
outflow. It comes back on the first or second day of the next financial year. 
So, it is a quarter on quarter problem, and which all AMCs face. 
Mohit Mangal: 
In terms of the live folios, I think we grew from like 1.22 crore to 1.24 crore. I 
think any strategy over there, if we could increase the live folios, I mean, any 

Page 15 of 19 
particular strategy, that's basically been stable for the last two quarters. Any 
strategy where we can increase the live folios? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes. We are trying to increase our live folios, as we mentioned that we have 
invested in our digital assets. We have also invested in our partnership, as Mr. 
Rahman mentioned that we are deepening our relationship with the top 
thousand mutual fund distributors across the country. We are trying to 
increase our presence both digitally as well as physically on the ground. 
Through the SIP flows and partnerships, we are looking to increase the 
number of folios that we have. Currently, we have 1.24 crore of live folios, 
and we are confident that we will be able to add more SIP folios as well as 
normal folios to our accounts. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare 
from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
The first question is a clarification on the balance sheet. What we noticed was 
that there was a movement between September and March from property, 
plants, and equipment to investment property. So, if you could just explain 
that, please? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
We own UTI Tower. In UTI Tower, we have leased out three floors to NIIF Ltd., 
and as per the accounting standard, if any of the property is leased out, it 
needs to be reclassified from building to investment property. So, it is just a 
reclassification of an asset; the overall property remains the same. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Sir, the second question going back to yields. If you could just help us, like 
sequentially, what has been the movement in overall equity and hybrid 
funds? Is this 5 basis point movement from quarter start to quarter end? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, 5 basis point is the movement on a sequential quarter basis. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And the last question is that on the flows, like the general slowdown on 
outflows, can you just give some color around, whether it is like 1 or 2 large 
funds that are driving it and whether the rest of the smaller funds are actually 

Page 16 of 19 
seeing some level of inflows, or whether this behaviour is more or less spread 
across all the top 5-6 funds? Something on that will be helpful. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes, Abhijeet, if you see, we have good performance both in our hybrid funds 
as well as income funds. Also, in our passive funds, we have the lowest 
tracking error in the industry, and this has helped us to build traction. In our 
equity fund, some of our larger schemes had a quality growth bias, and we 
are confident about their ability to perform over a full market cycle. Our 
value-oriented strategies have shown good performance, and we are able to 
capitalize on the performance in terms of market share for these funds. We 
have also fine-tuned our go-to-market strategy for the overall equity funds. 
As you would know, we have a strong position in B30 cities, and we remain 
focused on growing our share in these cities. As I already mentioned, we have 
also revamped our digital assets, and we are getting good traction on these 
digital assets. And again, we have plans to launch funds across multi-cap fund, 
passively managed space and thematic funds. So, these are all the efforts that 
we are taking to improve the performance and market share of equity funds. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi 
Group. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Firstly, a data-keeping question, can you spell out the ESOP expense for the 
quarter and year for the stand-alone and consolidated entities? Secondly, on 
your equity outflows that you have seen during the quarter and year. If you 
can give some color on if there is a dominance of any particular channel or 
particular geography, be it B30 or any customer type, like HNI, where you are 
seeing relatively more outflows, some color on the quality of the outflows and 
also on the fresh gross sales, that are you seeing in the equity and hybrid 
category? 
And lastly, if I look at your other expense number, given that you'll be 
launching a plethora of funds next year, be it multi-cap or on the passive side 
or also on the thematic side, how should one think of NFO related expenses 
in your other expense going into FY25-26? Those are my questions. 

Page 17 of 19 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
For ESOP, I will provide you with the full year number. On the AMC, the ESOP 
cost was around ₹ 13.14 crore. At a consolidated level, it's around ₹ 16.8 
crore. And for the next year, as of now, if you don't issue any further ESOP, 
the next-year cost will be ₹ 4.5 crore on the AMC and roughly around ₹ 5 crore 
at the consolidated level. 
As far as NFO is concerned, in terms of thematic or an index fund, we don't 
foresee much of that expenses on the NFO side because those will be soft 
launches. The multi-cap fund, as and when we launch, there could be some 
amount of one-time advertisement expenses being charged. But we are 
cognizant of the cost and that number will not be that sizable. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
On the equity flows, we had seen some redemptions from the banks and the 
national distributors. But equally, there are other products that are doing well 
andwe have seen inflows coming from the same channel. So, net-net, it is 
similar. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Just if I can squeeze in one question on the yield part, if I understand correctly, 
there was some overestimation of commissions, and when the actual cash 
flows were compared with the estimations, you reported yield improvement. 
So, theoretically speaking, when you start from April 1 or if you look at Q1 
FY25, it should be on a normalized basis, on the correct estimation basis. So, 
should 35 bps, or whatever blended yield you have kind of booked in the 
standalone business for Q4 FY24, be the right benchmark to start with? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, the 34 bps is the right benchmark, and this yield estimation and 
comparison is being done on a quarterly basis itself. But we need to be 
cognizant of the fact that no scheme expenses can be charged to AMC. 
So, normally, it has to be on a conservative basis. If any upside is there, it gets 
adjusted in quarter four. But 34 bps is the right number to start at the 
beginning of the financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratham Shah from PD 
Exports. Please go ahead. 

Page 18 of 19 
Pratham Shah: 
Yes. Good morning. I had a question regarding the stake sale of PNB, Bank of 
Baroda, and SBI. There were some reports that they wanted to sell their stake. 
So, is there any progress on that? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
No, we don't know anything about that, and we can't offer any comments on 
this. This is their matter, the shareholders' matter. And we, as management, 
have no role to play in this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Jain from Makarand 
Invest. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Jain: 
Wonderful figures, sir. Congratulations on that. While going through your 
investor presentation, slide #38, which is the consolidated statement of P&L, 
can you please throw some light on net gain on fair value changes? Because 
in FY23, it was ₹ 99 crore, and in FY24, it is ₹ 500 crore. I presume it has 
something to do with the market valuations of shares or the investments that 
you have made. But can you please let us know? Because the figure is a huge 
difference. Going forward, what do you feel of the same?   
My second question is on the sale of services. We have 5% growth right from 
FY23, ₹ 1,131 crore to ₹ 1,182 crore. Going forward, what do you feel of this? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, I'll take the question of net gain on fair value changes. So, as you are aware 
in the investor presentation we have mentioned, we have a total consolidated 
investment of around ₹ 3,833 crore. Out of that, almost around ₹ 737 crore is 
invested in the hybrid category funds of UTI, ₹ 709 crore is invested in the 
equity category, and almost ₹ 557 crore is invested in the equity/hybrid 
schemes of UTI International. These are equity-oriented schemes, and as you 
are aware, the market during the last financial year has given a return in 
excess of ~29%, I am saying for the NIFTY. 
So, because of that, there has been a mark-to-market appreciation, which has 
significantly increased the fair value change number. On the management 
fees, yes, the 5% growth is there, and we are hopeful that with the growth in 
the AUM, especially in the equity and hybrid categories, we should be 

Page 19 of 19 
witnessing a positive growth in the management fees as well during the next 
financial year. 
Ajay Jain: 
Sir, do you feel it would be greater than the current 5% growth? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Yes, we believe in that. Yes, we are quite confident. 
Ajay Jain: 
And as I understand, the second, fair value change is basically the market 
improvement in the investments, equity investments, which you've done. Sir, 
just how do you feel about going forward with this particular assignment? This 
is the major income that we are earning, and it makes a lot of changes to the 
profit and loss account. So, what are your views on it going forward, sir? 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
See, we can't give any forward-looking views on the market appreciation. We 
will give you quarter-on-quarter details when it comes. Please wait for some 
more quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Imtaiyazur Rahman: 
Thank you very much for joining this call. I wish all of you a great financial year 
and a nice weekend. Thank you so much. Thanks, Sandeep, Vinay, and Surojit, 
for joining me. Thank you. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Thank you. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you 
for joining the call. In case of any queries, feel free to connect with the 
Adfactors Investor Relations team. Once again, thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
