 
 
 
 
                                 
(भारत सरकार कȧ कंपनी)                                                                ‘सुर¢ा', १७०, जे. टाटारोड, चच[गेट , मुंबई ४०००२० 
General Insurance Corporation of India                               ‘‘SURAKSHA’’, 170, J. Tata Road, Churchgate, 
(Government of India Company)                                            Mumbai 400020. INDIA Tel: 91-22-22867000 
 
CIN: L67200MH1972GOI016133  IRDA REG NO.: 112                        FAX Server: 91-22-229899600, www.gicofindia.com 
                                                                                                                         E-mail: info@gicofindia.com                                 
                                                                                                                                             
 
 
Ref. no.: GIC-HO/BOARD/SE-Q4-T/65/2024-25 
                      May 31, 2024 
 
 
To, 
 
The Manager                                                        The Manager 
Listing Department 
                                           Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                                        The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower                                     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, 
Dalal Street                                                            G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400001                                                  Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: (BSE – 540755/ NSE – GICRE) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
financial results for the year ended 31st March 2024 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith 
Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on Wednesday, May 29, 
2024, to discuss financial results for the year ended 31st March 2024. 
 
This is pursuant to and in compliance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and applicable laws.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Sincerely 
For General Insurance Corporation of India 
 
 
 
Suresh Savaliya 
(Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer)  
 
 
Suresh Kanubhai 
Savaliya
Digitally signed by 
Suresh Kanubhai Savaliya 
Date: 2024.05.31 
17:34:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
Q4 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAMASWAMY NARAYANAN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – GENERAL INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
 
MRS. RADHIKA RAVISHEKAR – DEPUTY GENERAL 
MANAGER & CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER – 
GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
LIMITED 
                                    MR. RAJESH LAHERI – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER – 
GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BINAY SARDA – ERNST & YOUNG 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the General Insurance Corporation of India Q4 
FY'24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to over to Mr. Binay Sarda from Ernst & Young. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thanks, Susan. Good morning to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining this Q4 
FY'24 Earnings Call for General Insurance Corporation of India. Please note that we have mailed 
out the press release to everyone, and you can now see the results on our website as well as it 
has been uploaded on the stock exchange. In case if you have not received the same, you can 
write to us, and we'll be happy to send it over to you. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, performance 
or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer our questions, we have with us, the 
management of GIC represented by Mr. Ramaswamy, Chairman and Managing Director and 
other top members of the management. We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the 
quarter 1 part, which will then be followed with a Q&A session. 
 
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Ramaswamy. Over to you, sir. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for this call. And I'm very pleased to 
announce the financial performance for the quarter and the full year ended March 31, 2024. As 
we reflect on the recent trajectory of our reinsurance company, it's imperative to acknowledge 
that the challenges we have navigated, particularly within the realm of property reinsurance and 
more prominently the catastrophe segment over the past six to seven years. The landscape, both 
domestically and internationally, has been marked by a series of catastrophic events that have 
reverberated across the market, inducing significant strain for all reinsurers alike. 
 
Nevertheless, amidst all this adversity lies opportunity and it is heartening to witness the 
hardening of markets on the international level, yielding tangible benefit for our end hours. 
While it is almost unrealistic to expect an immediate turnaround in our combined ratio dipping 
below 100%, we have managed to bring down our combined ratio to 89% for the quarter, the 
last quarter that is, on the back of our steadfast commitment to meticulous risk evaluation and 
underwriting practices. 
 
Let me now take you through some of the key highlights of the financial performance. The gross 
premium income of the company was INR8,723.65 crores for the last quarter of '24 as compared 
to INR7,369.74 crores for Q4 FY'23. The investment income stood at INR2,971.48 crores 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
compared to INR2,897.21 crores in Q4 FY'23. Incurred claims ratio was at 68.9% in Q4 FY'24 
as compared to 73.7% during the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
 
Combined ratio stood at 89.26% for Q4 FY'24 versus 89.15% during the corresponding quarter 
of the previous year. The adjusted combined ratio by taking into consideration the policyholders' 
investment income, works out to 88.02% for FY'24 as compared to 86.96% in FY'23. Profit 
before tax stood at INR3,171.34 crores in Q4 FY'24 as against INR3,000 crores in Q4 FY'23, 
and profit after tax stood at INR2,642.48 crores in Q4 FY'24 compared to INR2,563.84 crores 
in Q4 FY'23. 
 
Solvency ratio stood at 3.25 as on 31/03/24 as compared to 2.61 as on 31/03/2023. Net worth of 
the company without fair value change increased to INR37,581.78 crores as on 31/03/24 as 
against INR32,356.08 crores as on 31/03/23. Net worth of the company, including fair value 
change, increased to INR81,330.25 crores on 31/03/24 as against INR63,749.61 crores as on 
31/03/'23. 
 
On the premium breakup, domestic premium for FY'24 is INR25,804.02 crores and the 
international is INR11,377.73 crores. The percentage split is domestic 69% and international 
31%. There is a growth in the domestic premium by 1.7%, and the international book has grown 
by 1.5%. 
 
We remain resolutely devoted to safeguarding our bottom line while targeting growth, ensuring 
that every facet of our business contributes positively to our overarching financial health. To 
that extent, we've already grown our domestic business as on 01/04/2024 by a significant margin. 
 
At the core of our operations lies an unwavering dedication to risk management, a principle that 
we hold close to our hearts. As stewards of risk for other entities, we bear a profound 
responsibility to manage these risks with utmost diligence and expertise, striving to mitigate 
adverse outcomes to the best of our abilities. As such, we are confident in improving our 
underwriting profitability on a consistent basis going forward. Having given the highlights now, 
we'll open the floor for questions from interested parties. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Yes. So just a couple of questions. Firstly, on the underwriting in the health reinsurance segment. 
So can you please help us understand as in what led to the improvement in the fourth quarter? 
Was it majorly attributed to the group Mediclaim side? And the second is on the domestic on 
the fire segment. So can you just explain or help us understand like what led to such high 
deterioration in the underwriting in that segment? 
 
And just last third question is on the fourth quarter acquisition costs. So the cost ratios have gone 
up both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year basis in the fourth quarter. So can you please help 
us understand the reason behind that? And also, what are your thoughts on outlook, especially 
on the acquisition cost for this full year 2025? 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Thanks, Aditi. Yes, I'll take fire first. Fire, the combined ratios have deteriorated simply because 
of the catastrophic events. Now if you look at India, we have had about nine catastrophic events 
in the country during the last year, out of which at least five were very significant where GIC's 
loss on each of these were at least INR150 crores. 
 
Now if I look at the entire catastrophic events which happened in the country, they have typically 
added about INR3,350 crores to our overall losses coming out of these CAT events, which if 
you look at it from an overall perspective of the INR33,000 plus crores of earned premium that 
we have had for the year, it actually means that the 10% share of the losses. If it had been a 
benign year and if these losses have not been there, our combined would have come down by 10 
percentage points. 
 
So that is the kind of levels of catastrophic events that we've had in the previous year. So that 
obviously has had an effect on the combined ratio for fire. So that is where the deterioration has 
happened. But this is something that we have known over the years because the losses have 
started from something like June and gone right up to -- these events have gone right up to 
December end. So that is something that has happened in the last year, which have deteriorated 
the fire. 
 
On health, well, you talked about two things. One is, of course, why things have improved. Well, 
I think the losses have improved simply because some of the treaties that we have written have 
been very profitable, and that honestly has also contributed to acquisition cost going up. Because 
then you do write profitable business, you end up giving a bigger portion of commission back 
to the company as acquisition costs.  
So actually, these both are linked together. The health portfolio has improved because the quality 
of business written has been good, and these have been basically retail businesses that we have 
been writing. And obviously, since the costs involved on the direct side is also high for these 
kind of businesses, our acquisition cost has also gone up. Does that answer you? 
Aditi Joshi: 
Yes. And if I can also just follow up on the motor as well as in -- this was also a pretty good 
performance. So given that a few primary insurers are not very much comfortable about the 
motor third party pricing hike, let's say, in the full year 2025. So if we were just to assume that 
the prices in the motor third-party segment for the primary insurer, they remain unchanged. So 
what impact will that have on reinsurance business overall? Because I just wanted to understand 
as if the underwriting motor segment can be seen as improving in 2025? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
So there are two aspects to this. When you look at motor, there is third party as well as own 
damage. I agree with what you said with regard to third party and there is something that, as an 
industry, we are taking up that the motor third-party rates have not changed for a long time now. 
And maybe with the way loss ratios are going up, maybe it's time to have a relook at third-party 
rates and it's time for a change there. 
 
And we stand along with the rest of the primary insurance market in this, and we believe that 
pricing needs to be managed better. That is on the third-party thing. On the Motor OD, what 
happens is there are two problems in that class of business. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
One is, of course, the losses which could happen due to catastrophic events like in India, the 
major part of the events are mainly floods, and they normally affect the motor cars -- motor 
vehicles first. So obviously, from a CAT perspective, losses could go up there. Secondly, I think 
the acquisition costs on the direct side for motor is also going up year-on-year. 
 
So these two really do affect that class of business. We, of course, try and see that the kind of 
business that we write from the market are profitable to us. So we are looking at this business 
keenly. And if it works for us, we write. If it doesn't work, then obviously, we walk away from 
that. That is where we are. But I think on the whole, the motor needs to be managed better in 
terms of the cost and in terms of motor third-party pricing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, just last year, in domestic fire segment, we had price hardening environment. So few primary 
companies are saying that it has softened in the current year. I just wanted to understand how 
the April renewal have happened in fire segment in the domestic market in the current year? 
That's my first question. 
 
And given we already have one CAT even with cyclone in West Bengal region, when -- and 
then monsoon probably, one more will be there. If there is a softening market, do you think that 
the combined in the next year could be under pressure from a domestic market point of view? 
That's the first question, sir. And second, on Sikkim dam loss, are we fully provided or maybe 
the potential risk coming from that -- that's on domestic market. That's my first question. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Sure. So on the domestic market, yes, you are right that the market has softened a bit. The 1st 
April renewals, I think it remained flat from a reinsurance perspective. But from what we 
understand, the direct insurers have -- are maybe in the process of cutting prices due to 
competition.  
Now this is something that needs to be arrested and this is something that we are focusing on. 
We are totally clued in to this. Our message to the insurance companies have always been that 
they must learn to manage pricing and they must ensure profitability for the treaties, which gives 
them the capacity to write these businesses.  
Because if that doesn't happen, if there is no profitability, if losses are getting passed on to 
reinsurers, then these capacities will no longer remain and that will be to the detriment of this 
market. Because if you see, typically, insurance companies retain less to themselves and cede 
more to reinsurers, especially when it comes to classes like property. 
 
So it makes sense to ensure that these capacities are managed well, are treated well and that there 
is profit left at the end of the day for reinsurers. Otherwise, these capacities will go off. So that 
is something I think companies need to understand and leave the message that we have always 
been giving and we'll continue to give. And this is something that we are managing, and we 
engage with the markets to understand how things are happening. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Last year, how much price or price correction or price decline you have seen in the April 
renewals of our property price last year or is it flat year-on-year? 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Yes, yes. So compared to last year, it was more or less flat. I'm talking about reinsurance rates 
here. But what will happen is there is also a direct rate that we have to worry about. And that is 
where we are seeing the softening happening because there is competition in the market and 
people are trying to increase their top line. 
 
So obviously, there is softening there. And that is something that we are looking at very carefully 
to see whether our capacities are getting compromised in that. So that is on the softening part. 
Secondly, you wanted to know about Sikkim. I think we are adequately provided for Sikkim 
based on the surveyor report and based on what our actuaries think the loss will be, we are 
completely provided for that. There is no under-provisioning in Sikkim. 
Sanketh Godha: 
But sir, when the softening market is there and even the primary players are competing on price 
and given CAT events are not subsiding, already one is happening now as we speak. So how 
confident you are that, that the fire combined ratio will hold up for the next year? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
So one part that we have to understand is in the reinsurance business, it is all about spreading 
your risks and managing your overall portfolio. And if we end up writing only portfolio -- only 
property business, then obviously, we are at risk there because like you said, the catastrophes 
keep on increasing. Climate change is something that we have seen is a reality. 
 
Plus, in case pricing goes down, then obviously, it is a problem. But the way we have grown our 
business in financial year 2025 is, we have grown it kind of across different classes. A major 
part of our growth has come from health, especially retail health, which actually is a good spread 
for us against the catastrophic events that are happening on the property side. So that is 
something that we are managing. We are pretty confident that we'll be able to manage our 
combined ratios going forward. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. And second on the overseas business, our combined ratio for the full year is 125%. 
It's still higher, maybe improved compared to the last year. But you spoke about an initial remark 
about overseas rate hardening. So just if you can tell us how much rates have hardened in 
overseas market compared to the last year. And with the rate hardening, assuming similar claims 
payout, likely improvement in the combined ratio in the overseas business you expect in FY'25? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
We do expect improvements, and the reason is very simple. For us, the problem was not 
property. Property has actually worked very well for us internationally, because that way it has 
been a relatively benign year. I'm not saying that catastrophes did not happen, but at least, as 
reinsurers, we were a little away from those losses. For us, the problem was one particular 
contract, and I think I've spoken enough on this in previous calls as well, so one particular 
contract that we wrote in the U.S. in the years 2017 to 2020, primarily focusing on marine and 
motor as classes and which we came out in 2020. But these are long-tail classes. So obviously, 
the losses have come now. 
 
So in the year, we actually ended up paying close to $260 million as losses in this year on this 
contract. Now if you see $260 million close to INR2,100 crores, if I had not written this contract 
and if these losses had not happened, honestly, it would have taken off 20 percentage points 
from my international books combined. My combined would have been 105% for this year. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
So really, it is just one contract, which has really skewed our book. So that is why we are 
confident that going forward, in the next year, we will not have a similar problem because we 
have already provided the worst-case scenarios in our books our actuaries have taken into 
account how the losses have developed over the last several years. And based on that, the 
provisions have been done. 
 
For these businesses, we also provide letters of credit because this is the business in U.S. and we 
don't have an office there, so we need to provide that. So we have ensured that our books are 
now ring-fenced. Our portfolio is now kind of in a better position as far as this particular contract 
is concerned, which is why we are pretty confident that going forward for this year, the 
international book will look better. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. Perfect. So means just asking from maybe -- I know you don't give the guidance 
numbers. But given this INR2,100 crores is one-off, maybe INR3,200 crores kind of a domestic 
CAT event is also a little extreme. If year looks little benign, even if this INR2,100 crores don't 
repeat, then are you very confident that there will be more like 105%, 107% kinds of combined 
in the FY'25 compared to 102%, what you have reported? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
That is our desire. So I'm glad you put the number yourself, but that is our desire because this is 
where we believe our book will probably work very well. And then we take the next step towards 
reaching closer to 100% kind of stuff. 
 
But if you actually look at it, I think you put the figures rightly. If you take away these 2 things, 
we're actually doing much better than 105%. But I don't think we should take the point that we 
will not have catastrophic events. As a company, we understand that these risks we have to take, 
these will be there. And we are ready for that. But taking your point forward, yes, if these kind 
of one-off extreme events are not there, then we are very confident of making 105% to 107%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. And 2 more questions I had. One is on your rating change. Now your solvency is 
3.25. I believe you should get reiterated to A+ or A at least. So just wanted to understand the 
timelines when you are expected to see rating change, one thing. And second, if that happens, a 
likely impact on the overseas business growth if it happens. That's point #1. 
 
And second question I had was with respect to crop, sir. Crop has declined by 27% in FY'24. It 
is closer to INR3,600 crores, INR3,700 crores today. So this number will further come off or 
this is like a bottom number. Now states have concluded tender 3-year contracts. So you're fairly 
confident that number might be flat going ahead or we can see a further thing in growth in this 
particular segment? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Yes. So Sanketh, I just hope that apart from being an analyst and investor, you also are a rating 
person because we actually want people like you to think of our rating. Well, I think it's the layer 
on the head when you said that the kind of balance sheet strength that we have, the solvency that 
we have and things that we have shown over the last 3 years, it's high time the ratings agencies 
realize that.  
And I think even last year, we pushed a lot and we made these points to the rating agencies that 
when you compare us with the rest of the people in the world, we're actually quite strong. And 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
this is not something that we say, this is what our clients say. So hopefully, yes, I think the rating 
agency will also look at us positively because last year, when they looked at us, we showed a 
good profit. 
 
Our performance was good. Our solvency had gone up. They could always take the call that this 
is kind of a one-off. We will wait and see whether this will continue, right? So I think we have 
now proved it to them that this is something that will continue. And more importantly, in a year 
which has not been benign for us, there have been catastrophic events, there have been the stress 
that we have faced from the motor and marine portfolio. 
 
So with all that, for our book to perform the way it has, for our profits to be at the level that it 
is. In fact, the INR6,500 crores net profit that we are talking about, these are record profit for 
GIC. We never have this kind of profit before. 
 
So we've obviously shown to the world that as a company, we are going up. We are looking at 
ways to ensure that our book does not collapse in any way due to any event. And we have kind 
of ring-fenced our risks and managed our risks in a way that it will augur well for the company. 
So hopefully, I don't see any reason why a rating agency should not look at it positively. We are 
meeting with them in July, and we will continue to push and get our rating back to A-. 
 
Now the next part of your question is to whether -- once we get our rating, whether our 
international book will go up. My immediate reply to that would be, yes. because that makes 
sense as you become an A- rated company, you get access to better international businesses, 
which we are looking for. 
 
But that doesn't mean that we are going to go complete hog on growing our book irrespective of 
the quality of the book just because we have got our rating back. The rating will only ensure that 
we get access to good quality international book, and once we are comfortable about the 
business, about what it will do for us, how it will work for us overall, we'll, of course, continue 
to write and increase our international book. That is for the future. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it, sir. And lastly, on the crop one? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
The crop, yes, I think you gave the point yourself. So crop, what has happened is the tenders 
have changed. The way the crop business is being done. Earlier, it used to be individual years, 
now they are three-year businesses. So obviously, insurance companies have already done a 
three-year deal with the state governments. And changes will happen only in case there are huge 
differentials happening in the business.  
So currently, we are more or less flat compared to last year, maybe slightly grown a little bit on 
the crop business compared to previous year -- for this year. But like you said, yes, it will more 
or less remain where it is. It will not go down in case we get to see some good opportunities 
because of some reinsurer moving away, then we might look at it. But at this point, it remains 
flat. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthikeyan K, an individual investor. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Karthikeyan K: 
So firstly, congratulations on the good set of numbers for this year. So I have like three questions. 
The first question is like the commission ceded for this quarter specifically has gone up by 80% 
compared to last quarter. So you said that you are saying that the first question that it has gone 
up because of health retail participation increasing for us. Is that the only reason or any other 
reason is there? Because it's almost 80% higher. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
There are multiple reasons why it would go up. So one, the major part is the health treaty because 
we have written a few treaties which are very profitable. So obviously, what happens is you tend 
to give back a higher share of the -- I mean, you tend to give back a higher share as commission.  
 
Again, obligatory is one area where the commissions have gone up. Not the commissions per se, 
but what happens is, obligatory has a provision where after 3 years, if the company is showing 
profits, there are profit commissions to be paid back. And if you see over the last 2, 3 years, 
companies have been making profits in the previous years. And so obviously, there are elements 
of profit commission, which needs to be paid on obligatory. 
 
So all these are combined together to ensure that commissions have gone up. But honestly, we 
don't worry too much about it simply because as long as your loss ratios are in control, I think 
you would expect to pay more for good quality businesses to write. 
Karthikeyan K: 
So that means that the health business going forward will do well for us. Is that the 
understanding, sir? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Yes, yes. Some of the business that we wrote last year as well as what we have written on 1st 
April this year have been very good quality retail businesses in health. And as you would have 
seen from statistics as well, health in this market is growing very fast, whether it is the health 
done by GI companies or done by SAHI companies, they are growing very fast simply because 
I think post-COVID, most people have realized that they need to buy insurance and those who 
are already buying, they need to buy more. So health as a class has been growing fast. Retail 
health has been profitable, and we are glad to be a part of that. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. Got it. From the growth perspective, so you have been taking in some of the interviews, 
you are giving for the business channels. You said that there's a chance of 30% of the domestic 
business for this current financial year. So the 30%, what you said is in the obligatory or non-
obligatory or combined -- both combined? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
So the earlier one that I talked about was 30% on the non-obligatory. And not just non-
obligatory, it was a comment on the business that we wrote on 1st April. What happens, if you 
take non-obligatory in total, there is some business that we write as treaty business on 1st April. 
And there is some business that is written throughout the year. It could be other facultative, it 
could be some small treaties that start at a different date. 
 
So all these have not been calculated. Overall, if I look at the book today, what we wrote for 
financial year '24 and what we expect to write for financial year '25, we expect an overall growth 
of about 15% to 16%. I'm talking about this one for the total portfolio. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
So we did about INR37,500 crores last year, that is FY'24 we expect a 15% to 16% growth. This 
will come from domestic non-obligatory. This will come from obligatory. And more or less, at 
this juncture, I think the international business will be flat. The call on international business 
will be taken once we get our credit rating back. And most of those renewals will happen on 1st 
of Jan. So obviously, at that time, we'll take a further call on how our total overall growth is 
going to happen. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Got it, sir. So another question I have with -- we have accrued cash balances almost close to 
INR25,000 crores. Now if you see the kind of the past, so we -- now we went to INR50,000 
crores of premium and then we have come back to almost close to INR37,000 crores. Do we 
need to hold that much of cash in the balance sheet? Or can we deploy productivity like investing 
in government securities or equities? Just a question on that? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
So it actually includes two things, Karthikeyan. These cash and bank balances include our 
foreign balances as well as our domestic. So in the domestic, if you see in our overall investment, 
we have an internal benchmark where we keep about 7% to 8%, 7% to 9% as our -- as a margin, 
liquidity margin because we need to pay claims. 
 
And currently, touch wood, some of these things are paying well for us also because these money 
market instruments are paying quite well because bank deposits are quite good. Internationally, 
we do not do equity or bonds or anything. We normally keep it as FDs because that is what RBI 
told us earlier. Again, touch wood, because of the war and inflation in the international markets, 
we have been able to get a much better rate of interest. 
 
But this is something that we look at very closely. Our investment department and our accounts 
department are in regular touch to see that wherever possible, if you see some opportunities we'll 
obviously look at putting money into that. 
 
But currently, this works well for us. Again, from an equity perspective, we will more or less 
remain where we are because we really don't want to go beyond 17% or 18% on a book value 
basis in equity. That is something that we will retain. Of course, the fair value is something 
substantially higher is simply because our investment department is doing a good job, and we 
are able to get much better returns and much better value for our investments. I think currently, 
we are very comfortable with the way we are investing our money. 
Karthikeyan K: 
Okay. Sir, one final question I have. We have been trying to hire like a CFO and you have tried 
to hire actuary for General Insurance. Both the candidates kind of didn't join the company. So 
any specific reason for them not joining the company? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
I wouldn't know. Unfortunately, they never came back to us saying what is the reason that they 
didn't want to join. Honestly, and I would say that this is their loss because they would have had 
a chance to be in a very good professionally managed company, which is doing well. 
 
And honestly, from a business perspective, they would have got to see some businesses, which 
I don't think any of the insurance or reinsurance company today in India will be able to show. 
But anyway we do not have an issue with that. We were looking at trying to see whether we can 
get people from the market because we wanted to manage our internal processes. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Currently, we do have good people. Sateesh Bhat, who's our actuary on the non-life side 
continues and is doing well for us. On the CFO side, we have managed to find a candidate. He 
was already there. He was with us, but then we wanted to give him other responsibilities, which 
is why we looked at CFO from outside. But he's there with us. And I'm sure in other calls, he 
will definitely be in touch with you and give you details. So that is an internal candidate, 
Balkrishna Variar. He's been with GIC for over 36 years now. He's been a GIC loyalist who 
understands finance very well. 
 
So we're very happy with our candidates that we have. We're also happy with the candidates 
who joined us. So we essentially went out to look for 4 candidates on a lateral basis: CFO, CS 
and 2 actuaries. The CS and the life actuary have joined, and I'm hoping that they are happy with 
the kind of environment that we have given them. So these things happen. I mean there's no 
point in worrying about why a person didn't join. 
 
I would be more worried if a person joined and he is unhappy. So that is where we try to provide 
the best possible facilities and best possible environment for people to work and grow in this 
organization. Whether they join laterally at scale 7 level or they join at scale 1 level, we want 
people to join us. We want people to work with us. We want people to grow with us and be 
happy with us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JPMorgan. 
Aditi Joshi: 
Okay. Just a quick one. So first one, I'm sorry, if I missed. But on the credit rating timeline, just 
can you provide -- some of your guidance as in by when, if at all it happens, it will happen? And 
second is on the fourth quarter. We previously discussed that the reinsurance pricing in the fire 
in the outlook is about to be flat. But can you please share your thoughts? As in why the growth 
in the fourth quarter and the fire premium was very high? 
 
And just lastly, on your strategy on to contain the natural catastrophic losses. Now it seems like 
it's going to be a business as usual. So what are your loss limiting strategy over there? Because 
it seems like you have significant losses coming in recently. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
So on the credit rating timelines, normally, what happens is once we close our annual accounts, 
we send our data to them. They normally study it and they come and meet us. They come and 
meet us to understand the qualitative features that we have done during the year. 
 
They have already been in touch with us, and they've said that they will be coming and meeting 
us in the month of July. So typically, what would happen is the data would go to the end of this 
month. They would study that. They would come to us in the month of July. We will discuss. 
And there will be few to and fros after that, depending on the kind of questions they have, the 
data requirements they have. 
 
Hopefully, we would want them to come back with the rating at least by September end because 
that gives us then 3 months to really target international business growth. Because most of the 
treaty renewals happen on 1st Jan of every year. So that is what we would look to. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
And previous years, they have normally done that either end of September or beginning of 
October, we have got our rating. Last year, which is '23, we actually got that pretty late. We got 
it towards the end of November, actually. So even though they have given us 2 pushes within 
week, we really couldn't use it much because the time was not enough.  
So we would prefer that, and that's what we would be telling them that we would prefer to get 
the rating by end of September, beginning of October because that is when a lot of conferences 
-- international reinsurance conferences also happen, where we can target our customers, talk to 
them about what we have done. And hopefully, with the rating upgrade, we can convince them 
to show in their books which we can write. 
 
So that is the timeline that we're looking at on the credit rating timelines. As regards the business 
for this year, so what I essentially said was there are 2 things happening. One is on the 
reinsurance side. Obviously, the rates were flat, maybe slightly higher in some cases, slightly 
lower in some cases. But overall, the market was flat. That is on the reinsurance pricing side. 
 
On the direct pricing side, while last year, it was quite okay, the beginning of this year, which is 
hardly now 1.5, 2 months, there have been some instances where people have pushed down 
prices. So that is the initial part. We still have 10 months to go. So obviously, like I said earlier, 
these are messages we will continue to give to the markets that they must learn to protect the 
treaty capacities. They must learn to price properly, and they must not drastically reduce prices 
just to grow their top line. 
 
Then these are some things that we'll continue to do. Now that our account closing is done, we'll 
be meeting our customers, understanding from them how the market is behaving and what their 
outlook is. And obviously, we will keep pushing our messages to all our clients. So that is where 
the pricing stands. 
 
How do we look at the business? We look at the business positively. We believe the pricing is 
maintained well, this business should work for us. More importantly, like I said, what we have 
also done is we've tried to kind of de-risk our entire portfolio by ensuring that we write across 
classes. So even if 1 particular class behaves a little abnormally, we have money coming in from 
the other classes to kind of ensure that the overall book does not become bad. So that is 
something that we have done for this particular year, treaty renewals that we have done. 
 
We have kind of grown across most of the classes. Some of the classes we have grown more, 
for instance, like I said, health retail is something that we have grown because we've seen the 
profitability, and we are happy to write there. But otherwise, finally we are doing what every 
reinsurer does, which is spreading the risk, either geographically or even within a geography 
across classes. So that is something that we continue to do, and we are very confident that our 
book will perform well. 
Aditi Joshi: 
On the natural catastrophic losses, just from a retrocession perspective, do you have any changes 
in the strategy over there just to limit the losses. And on the premium reinsurance pricing, thank 
you for sharing your thoughts in the guidance. But I was actually trying to understand it more 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
from a fire insurance in particular. And for the fourth quarter, so I see that there's quite good 
growth in there in the fourth quarter. So if you can help us understand that as well. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Yes. I think the growth is more or less normal in that. I think I'll just ask Rajesh to speak on that. 
He handles our account. 
Rajesh Laheri: 
Actually fourth quarter accounts are usually, there will be changes, actually, say, London office, 
they book 100% premium and then earned over the period. So the gross premium will look 
higher in the fourth quarter. Similar things happen -- it happens as the accounts we receive, 
basically. So this quarter accounts is higher compared to other quarters. It usually happen in the 
fourth quarter, yes. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Especially on the fourth quarter, what happens is even domestically, for instance, we push hard 
to ensure that all the insurance companies provide their information and their accounts for the 
quarter because we need to complete for the entire year. 
 
Normally, otherwise, for earlier quarters, there could be an occasion where for some clients, we 
might end up estimating because they have not sent in their accounts. But otherwise, for the 
fourth quarter, normally, all the adjustments is well taken care of. And that is where the growth, 
so to say is seen. Does that answer you, Aditi? 
Aditi Joshi: 
Yes. And on limiting your losses on the natural catastrophic side, any plans of change in the 
retrocession, etcetera, just so that it's spread out and you do not have any -- a lot of stress on 
yourself. And yes, something changes on that side. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Well, not much of a change. Because honestly, as a reinsurer, who's writing big shares in this 
market. So on the property, we have -- we typically buy 2 programs, one for the international, 
one for the domestic. 
 
Typically, what we buy is more to protect our balance sheet. We don't really buy lower-level 
retro protection simply because of 2 things. One, it is, from a cost perspective, pretty high. 
Honestly, it doesn't leave much in terms of recovery for us because upfront, we are paying a 
very high cost there. We normally are of the opinion that reinsurers of our size, we should be 
able to manage the so-called attritional losses. 
 
Now when I talk about attritional losses here, I'm also talking about what we call attritional CAT 
losses, which means small CAT losses, for instance. Now if you look at the year '23, '24, like I 
said, there were 9 catastrophic events which happened. Now this is not really small. Some of 
them were really big. 
 
Now overall, if you see, it's added about INR3,350 crores to my overall loss. And maybe the 
biggest loss I got was from Sikkim, which was about INR1,000 crores. Cyclone Michaung was 
about INR1,000 crores. The North India floods was about INR650 crores, INR700 crores. 
Cyclone Biparjoy was about INR500 crores. So all these were reasonably big events in the 
market. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
But then if you see the way our book has responded, we have managed to take each of these 
losses to our balance sheet. And we have managed it very well. So what I'm trying to say is, 
typically, that is what we would like to continue that lower level CAT’s, we should be able to 
absorb in our books and manage it through our premium. Whereas it is the really big ones which 
kind of go to more than INR2,000 cores, INR3,000 crores for GIC share, that is where we would 
be looking for retro protection. 
 
And this is something that we have been doing over the years, and it's worked well for us. I think 
our results also are well managed. There is another aspect here, which you would have also 
noticed in the last couple of years. We have introduced the catastrophic reserve in our books 
where from the profits in the revenue accounts, every year, we'll transfer some amount into this 
catastrophic reserve.  
And the idea is then a really big catastrophic event hits us, either domestically or internationally, 
we'll be able to use the reserves or use the amount in this reserve to kind of ensure that the results 
don't look too bad for a particular year. So I think from all angles, we have tried to ring-fence 
our book from potential bad events hitting the market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha, Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, 2 data keeping questions. Can you tell me the capital gains booked in full year and fourth 
quarter -- for the fourth quarter '24 and FY'24? And also the amount of retained income? That's 
my first question. And second question is the tax rate for the full year is around 18 percentage. 
So you expect the tax rate to be at the current level or it will inch back to 25.2% kind of a 
number? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Okay. So capital gain will be handled by Radhika, who's our Chief Investment Officer, and tax 
will be handled by Rajesh, who is our finance guy. 
Rajesh Laheri: 
So, Sanketh, tax rate is same as last year, overall 25.168%. So 22% would be tax rate, 10% is 
surcharge and 4% education sales thereon. This is on net basis becoming lower because of the 
INR152 crores we have pertaining to previous year is now we have received the order and 
accounted for in our books. So otherwise, tax rate will remain every year same as 25.168% as 
the government will announce. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Perfect, sir. And capital gains, sir? 
Radhika Ravishekhar: 
For the quarter, sir, the profit on sale is INR1,028 crores -- INR1,029 crores, as against the pre 
-- and for the full year, it is INR4,135 crores. 
Sanketh Godha: 
INR4,135 crores. And can you tell me the corresponding numbers for last year now? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
INR4,451 crores last year. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. Perfect. Perfect. That's it. And lastly, if you're okay, sir, to give a growth guidance for 
FY'25, what GWP growth you are expecting and the 2 split between domestic and overseas? 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Ramaswamy N.: 
So the growth will be, as I said, it should be around 15%, 16% based on the growth that we have 
done on the 1st April renewals. So it doesn't really take into account what we will do during the 
year. This also doesn't take into account what we will do during 1st Jan renewals for the 
international book. Because the 1st Jan renewals will depend on our getting the credit rating. 
 
If we get a credit rating, we might end up writing a bigger book simply because of the better 
quality business that we are able to see. So whatever growth projections we have said, we said -
- so I told that we'll grow about 15%, 16% year-on-year for this year, that is FY'25. 
 
It is based on what we have grown on 1st April. It is based on the obligatory increase that we 
expect. Now like I said, this would all depend on how the market grows. Again, in India, major 
part of the treaties that we write are proportional. So when it is proportional, it is also dependent 
on the insurance companies. 
 
So overall, we have looked at the market growing maybe about 10% to 12% year-on-year. And 
on that, we have based on how much of that would pass on to us in terms of business. On that 
basis, our growth will be about 15% to 16%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, when you say 15% to 16%, it's only domestic or are you including both domestic and 
international? 
Ramaswamy N.: 
I'm talking about total figures. So we finished FY'24 with INR37,500 crores, right? So about 
15%, 16% on that will be about INR6,000 crores. So that is the growth we are looking at. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, as that was the last question for the day, I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ramaswamy N.: 
Thank you, everyone. So thank you for taking time off and listening to us and asking us about 
how we see the business. We look at it very positively. I think the year, in spite of all the 
challenges that we have had, we've done well. The combined ratios, even though it is higher 
compared to the previous period, is still well within what we wanted it to be. 
 
So from a performance perspective, we're very happy with what we have done. Investment as a 
portfolio continues to do well. It is something that is running on well-oiled engines. The worry 
has always been the performance of the actual business, the reinsurance business because climate 
change is a reality, catastrophes are increasing in terms of frequency and severity. 
 
So I believe that the way we have managed our books, the way we have managed to spread our 
portfolio, the way we have managed to grow in the domestic market augurs well for this 
company. And going forward, we'll continue to do well. We will, of course, be in touch with 
you every quarter and even within that, if you have some questions, please feel free to speak to 
us or write to us, and we will be more than happy to provide you the information. We'll, of 
course, keep speaking to you and giving you details about how this company is performing. 
 
Thank you for taking interest in us, and have a great day. Thank you. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
May 29, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of General Insurance Corporation of India, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
