 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
June 06, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q4/FY24 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q4/FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, May 31, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of Q4/FY24 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of the 
Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
M No. : F7306 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380015, st=GUJARAT, street=21 BHAVI APARTMENT 156 
NEHRU PARKAHMADABADVASTRAPURLAD SOCIETY ROAD 380015, 
l=AHMADABAD, o=Personal, title=6650, 
serialNumber=61ef2e945d9b4545361118485ed828d8e6a17a5394d0cc83c0083d
7fae6378bf, pseudonym=665020231120160538755, 
2.5.4.20=2ffb8407a32dbc76dc1756ccf827b5ded85b5aad67c9ece0e2e2eb8303f0
3eca, email=SURESH.GONDALIA@KIRIINDUSTRIES.COM, cn=GONDALIA SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2024.06.06 15:00:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
Kiri Industries Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
May 31, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY24 
Earnings Conference Call of Kiri Industries Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, ma’am.  
Purvangi Jain: 
Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is 
Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Kiri Industries Limited. On behalf of the company, I would 
like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
conference call for the Fourth Quarter and Financial Year ending 2024. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk 
and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about company’s fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 

 
Page 2 of 23 
I would like to now introduce you to the management participating 
with us in today’s conference call. We have with us Mr. Manish Kiri – 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani – Senior Manager, 
Accounts and Finance and Mr. Suresh Gondalia – Company Secretary. I 
would now request Mr. Manish Kiri to give us his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Manish Kiri: 
Good morning, everybody and welcome to the earnings conference call 
for the fourth quarter and financial year 2024. Let me first brief you on 
the financial performance of the fourth quarter and financial year 2024 
followed by the operational highlights. On a standalone basis in the 
fourth quarter of financial year 2024. The revenue from the operations 
grew by 27% on year-on-year basis to Rs.200 crores. The EBITDA loss 
reduced by 29% year-on-year to Rs.11 crores and EBITDA loss reduced 
by 50% on quarter-on-quarter basis. The net loss for the quarter was 
Rs.29 crores. This loss also include the legal costs incurred during the 
quarter. 
For the financial year ending 2024, the standalone revenue from the 
operations were Rs.633 crore, which grew by approximately 5% on 
year-on-year basis, and the EBITDA loss was Rs.63 crores against 
EBITDA loss of Rs.109 crores in the last financial year. Net loss was 
reported at Rs.94 crore, versus a net loss of Rs.134 crores in the 
previous financial year. On a consolidated basis the revenue from 
operations for the fourth quarter stood at Rs.269 crores which grew by 
about 21% year-on-year basis with an EBITDA profit of around Rs.5 
crore as compared to the EBITDA loss of Rs.5 crore in the corresponding 
quarter of the financial year and EBITDA loss was Rs.11 crore on quarter 
three 2024. Net loss for the quarter before share of profit of associates 
was about Rs.16 crore against Rs.29 crore in quarter three FY2024. 
The revenue and EBITDA of Lonsen Kiri for quarter four 2024 for 40% 
stake of Kiri included in this financials amounted to Rs.88 crore and 

 
Page 3 of 23 
Rs.18 crore respectively, which were Rs.64 crores and Rs.11 crores for 
quarter four 2023. During quarter four 2024 company was able to 
restrict EBITDA deficit as compared to previous three quarters mainly 
on account of better material margins in commodities market. 
Hopefully the material margins continue to strengthen in coming 
quarters and demand in international market picks up and also 
manufacturers are able to sell their products at better prices, enabling 
manufacturers to earn profits. 
For the financial year ending 2024 on a consolidated basis. The revenue 
from operations was Rs.949 crore, the EBITDA loss was Rs.12 crore 
against EBITDA loss of Rs.37 crore in the last financial year. Net loss was 
Rs.88 crore versus net loss of Rs.105 crore in the last financial year. In 
consolidated statement, the share of profit of associates include Rs.221 
crore of share of profit of DyStar, which does not have any impact on 
the valuation of the stake of Kiri in DyStar. 
With regards to the DyStar case, Kiri has recently received a significant 
judgment on May 20th, 2024 from Singapore International Commercial 
Court regarding legal proceedings related to the enforcement of a 
buyout order, issued earlier by SICC. According to the order Kiri is 
entitled to receive Rs.603.8 million as the priority from the en block 
sale of entire shareholding of DyStar. The remaining balance from the 
proceeds of sale of DyStar with go to Senda. 
Moreover, the court has ruled that en block sale of DyStar will proceed 
without any reserve price, and the long-stop date is set for December 
31st, 2025. This judgment makes a significant milestone for Kiri to 
secure Rs.603.8 million after a long journey of litigation against its joint 
venture partner. Signaling that the end of the tunnel is finally in sight. 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for any questions. Thank 
you. 

 
Page 4 of 23 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Amit Mehendale from Robo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mehendale: 
So, from now, for next 18 months how do we see the process playing 
out and do we expect money in the bank by December next year, 
December 25? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, we can expect before that actually because the way the sell 
process is planned by the receiver which is Deloitte, they have already 
started working on preparing the information memorandum and 
required materials when the due diligence, so all that process has been 
going on since the appointment, since February 2024. Now, we are 
expecting somewhere around July, August the beginning of the auction 
should start and as per the timeline thereafter, the indication is that 
the sell process should get concluded by around June 2025. But to have 
six months of cushion to have an extra buffer period, court has certainly 
decided to have based on the recommendation from the receiver 
December 2025. But as management we are expecting the sell process 
to get concluded well before that and the money should be coming to 
our account before that, yes. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Great, thanks. And what will be the capital gain tax on that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Based on the advice we have as we would not be taking into account 
the indexing. We will be paying 10% capital gain tax. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Okay, great. And finally, how do we try to deploy the fund? 
Manish Kiri: 
That is still under the process reviewed by the Kiri’s Board. But as I 
earlier broadly mentioned, there would be new exciting projects which 
you will see in the sectors other than dyes and intermediates, which we 
are still contemplating, you will also see some benefits to the 
shareholders and you will also see that we might reserve some funds 

 
Page 5 of 23 
for the future investments. So, it will be a mix of the use which would 
be prudent for the shareholders. 
Amit Mehendale: 
So, any broad idea on, in percentage terms what can be returned to 
shareholders and what can be reinvested and what can be kept for 
future, broad like will it be 1/3 each or?  
Manish Kiri: 
No, majority of the funds would be used because Kiri could not grow 
for more than 10 years due to this litigation. And if you look at our 
growth was almost standstill. So, you can see that Kiri could not have 
the ability to grow because of the litigation and the shareholder 
dispute. So, majority of the funds would be used for the future growth 
and for the projects, and also a number of initiatives which the 
management has been thinking. So, majority of the funds would be 
utilized for the future, for the growth and for taking Kiri to the new 
levels. So, we will be working on that. 
Amit Mehendale:  
And sir any indicative, internal IRR that hurdle IRR that may use for 
CAPEX? 
Manish Kiri:  
We have minimum IRR that we are looking at is 25% for the new project 
for the CAPEX, but our target is to have more than 30% IRR on any new 
projects. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from 
Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, when I look at our promoter shareholding, it has decreased from 
38% to 26.72% right now over the past two, three years. And sir you 
are telling that we are on the verge so, like court has made judgments 
in our favor, so why is that and because investor conference declined 
due to these kind of actions, so if you are ready to understand that? 
Manish Kiri: 
I have already indicated in earlier conference calls, and I would repeat 
that here also that promoters are highly inclined to increase their stake, 

 
Page 6 of 23 
and it all depends on the arrangement that the promoters are able to 
do to increase the stake, the intention is very positive. And we have 
been working on for quite a long for more than a year. And hopefully 
we should be able to do it in the near future and address your question 
that the promoters’ shareholding highly, highly keenly interested to 
increase. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. Sir, and my next question would be sir, what will be the outlook 
for FY25 in terms of top line and bottom line for our standalone 
business as well as our subsidiary business, if you could help with some 
guidance on that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Sure. If our internal budget for 2024-25 because we look at the business 
as India operations on more of a consolidated basis, because if you look 
at the sale of intermediates from Kiri to Lonsen Kiri and then finished 
products go from Lonsen Kiri to out, a lot of finished products go from 
Kiri dyes to out so, when you put the dyes business together and also 
intermediate business together the sensible analysis can be derived 
from the consolidated number of India operations not DyStar. Not 
accounting for DyStar but considering the additional profit that we 
make on selling the dyes. So, if you look at the consolidated numbers, 
for this year we could generate around 3% positive EBITDA. And we 
expect that we would cross at least 1200 crore in 2024-25. And, and 
would try to have consolidated EBITDA of not 3%, at least between 5% 
to 10%. And looking at the improvements in the industry and looking 
at the revival of the demand. Hopefully we should be able to meet this 
target. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhavesh Chauhan from 
Aditya Birla Group. Please go ahead. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
Sir, I want to understand if going forward, will we incur any litigation 
expenses because now case is over? 

 
Page 7 of 23 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, we would continue to incur the litigation expenses, till the funds 
come to our account. And what has been happening now is, we have 
been actively engaged through our lawyers with the receiver so, 
receiver is trying to sell the company and wherever the involvement of 
shareholders, Kiri, Senda and DyStar as a company, we need to be 
continuously involved in helping them in the process. And the entire 
process is conducted through the Kiri’s councils. Similarly, every party's 
counsel has been represented with the Counsel of the receivers. So, for 
example, receivers counsel is the Wang partners. And there is 
continuous communication, which has been happening with Wang 
partners. Now, and also court has been asking in submissions wherever 
necessary to decide on certain matters, while this whole process is 
continuing. So, the engagement of counsel is continuing, the legal cost 
is incurring, we would not have probably the hearings, so per se, but 
some legal cost would continue to incur, it would be lesser than the 
earlier ones, but it would continue to incur some legal cost till the 
money comes to our account. 
Bhavesh Chauhan: 
That’ encouraging. Sir with regards to the sale, why has the Supreme 
Court given any a particular deadline of 2025 because ideally it should 
be like, the process should be started and it will be completed as soon 
as possible will there be any constrained in the process? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, there is no constraint actually, the sell process has already started 
from February 2024, which has been three, four months already now 
in the process. And what receiver has rightly indicated is that, DyStar is 
a complex company and there are multiple jurisdiction involved and sell 
process will take somewhere from nine months to one year and four 
months. And there are certain transactions, certain sales which the 
receiver has history of conducting as Deloitte also within this 
timeframe. So, indicative timeframe to sell the company is ranging 
from nine months from the appointment of the receiver to one year 
and four months. Six months more has been considered as the 

 
Page 8 of 23 
contingencies, as a buffer time, let us say if the sell process spill over 
on some regulatory approvals required by the buyer. So, six months has 
been kept with a sense that if something gets delayed, there is a 
cushion before Court exercise if you read the judgment something 
called a nuclear option. And that nuclear option can be exercised by the 
court post long stop date. So, the reason it is called long stop date of 
December 2025 is after that, then DyStar is to be sold in the pieces, to 
be liquidated instead of selling the whole company as a going concern. 
And Kiri’s dues needs to be paid. So, there is a definitive timeline before 
which the company is to be sold and Kiri is to be paid. Post that the 
company is to be liquidated if required and Kiri’s to be paid. So, that is 
why this long stop date with six months cushion has been decided by 
the court. But actual sale process we expect should get realized before 
that, much before that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of B Suresh from Burham 
Financials. Please go ahead. 
B Suresh: 
Actually congratulations sir on Kiri DyStar amount. But you have 
increased the stake in Kiri, after raising the amount and before you 
started the accumulation, the stakes increase reason? 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, the promoters have been in the process of arranging securing 
funds and also utilizing their assets to secure funds. So, as soon as that 
process is completed, promoters as I mentioned are very, very keen to 
increase the stake as early as possible. 
B Suresh: 
The incremental money? 
Manish Kiri: 
It is not related to any events or anything like that, it all depends on 
how we are able to gather funds and utilize for increase. 
B Suresh: 
Sir, another question. Sir, you already some amount is received some 
market capitalization of Kiri is around 2000 crores, but we have 
received 5000 crore amount there at least. Generally, if you are not 

 
Page 9 of 23 
interested to any mutual funds or any other buyers, not interest you 
have contact any funds. What is the reason sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
There are lot of inquiries or meetings takes place with various funds 
and we continuously address them, I may not be able to give you the 
reason why market is doing something different than what you have 
your views. But, I can say that the litigation has been going on for 
almost 10 years. And, funds have been delaying to receive by the 
company for many years and got process as we all have seen have, a 
lot of uncertainty sometimes. So, keeping that in view, the market 
participants might be waiting again, this is my assumption to get the 
funds actually realized and to see that whether the money comes to 
Kiri’s account or not. So, that could be one of the reasons if I can think 
the way the questions that you are asking, so, that could be the way 
that wait, till what comes and then they may take the decision, but 
from our side, we continuously engage ourselves with the prospective 
investors and we continue that process to address them, answer them 
and update them about the company. We are doing that job from our 
side on a regular basis. 
B Suresh: 
And this time, you can confirm the final amount and you take, time also 
decided to Singapore court is December 25. But, already have stake 
from foreigners is around +40%, but that foreigners are interested to 
increase the stake or not interested to increase the stake? 
Manish Kiri: 
I cannot speak on their behalf, it is their decision, it is investors decision, 
the person's like you who invest in the company, it’s their decision. 
What they do, why they do, what not they do, it's up to them. Only 
thing we can do is we can produce the facts, we can showcase what we 
are doing and we present ourselves and it's up to the market then to 
decide. We have limited visibility on the investor side.  
B Suresh: 
Actually so many years it was long back but investors are also waiting 
for some 10 years, you can already subsidiary is a proposed with 

 
Page 10 of 23 
hydrogen subsidiary is there, you can receive the amount, you can plan 
with green hydrogen projects and Kiri development is going on and 
green hydrogen projects is taken sir, this is the last question. 
Manish Kiri: 
There are several options, there are several exciting projects and each 
project is better than others, not into dyes and intermediate industries 
that we have been working on. And we would try to embark on the 
projects that can earn more than more than 25% to 30% even IRR for 
the shareholders of the company. And we will strive to invest into those 
projects, greenfield projects the projects which relates to the growth 
of India, the project that those relates to the replacement of imports in 
India or Atmanirbhar policies. So, we would align ourselves with the 
growth of the country in all these exciting sectors once the front side 
available so, but we are working on it, preparing our ground work, 
preparing our homework, and at appropriate time we will announce 
the projects we are entering into. The near we come to the visibility of 
the funds, the better we would have the position to update you on 
these projects but yes, there are very good projects that the company 
is working on right now. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Nayak from 
Hexagon Assets. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Nayak: 
My first question is a bookkeeping question, if you could share the cash 
balance at DyStar, do you have that number available? 
Manish Kiri: 
As on year end which was the December end for DyStar financial year, 
it was around 508 million. And by end of March, I don't have balance 
sheet item, but looking at the profitability and the cash generation, I 
would say the cash in the company would be at least 550 million may 
be more than that. 
Abhishek Nayak: 
Okay, thank you, sir. And my second question is with regard to the 
appeal process, I fully believe that Senda would like to appeal this and 

 
Page 11 of 23 
try to go for a reserve price or a pro rata sharing of the sale proceeds. 
So, when are we likely to start that process and what would be the 
expected timeline according to you? 
Manish Kiri: 
Just to file an appeal is 30 days from the date of the order. So, from 
20th May it would be around 20th of June, that the appeal needs to be 
filed. So, 30 days’ time is what is the statutory time to file an appeal. 
And it would take at least another nine months’ time. So, let us say by 
March 2025, we should have based on our prior experience, it takes 
around seven months to a year time. If I take an average of nine 
months, then you are looking at March 2025, where the appeal should 
be completed. But the sell-process is not going to stop. There is no stay 
on discontinuing sell process awaiting the outcome of the appeal. So, 
that is not the case. So, it is not going to affect the timelines and the 
sell process that has been decided by the court. 
Abhishek Nayak: 
Understood. And also do you also plan to appeal further? It’s a interest 
appeal question. 
Manish Kiri: 
We have a legal advice to strongly file an appeal for the interest part 
which haven’t got so, interest part is an important part and we have a 
very strong reasoning our belief is strong. So, we will file appeal for the 
interest.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevian from Kapro 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kevian: 
Sir, so basically I just wanted to understand how much valuation do you 
assess for the DyStar, since if we see in 2024 so last 10 years, the sales 
has not increased, the profitability is almost the same. So, we can talk 
about cycles. But how much valuation do you assess that DyStar will 
get a minimum of that valuation and my second question was, are you 
seeing any potential buyers right now so are you seeing any inquiries 

 
Page 12 of 23 
for the purchase of the DyStar stake in the en block sale. So, these are 
my two questions. 
Manish Kiri: 
So, to answer your first question, if you look at the cash free debt free 
basis, and if you look at the consistency of EBITDA of DyStar, based on 
the past established performance is around 150 million. So, depending 
on how the buyers recognize it, the valuation may vary from seven 
times EBITDA to six times EBITDA to even eight, 10 times EBITDA. So, it 
would be in that range considering the baseline EBITDA of 150 that is 
what I would look at it. Now, depending on the kinds of buyers who 
jump in, it would change in that range. But it doesn't matter for Kiri. For 
Kiri, whether the DyStar is sold at a higher price or a lower price, Kiri is 
going to get what is the crystalized amount given by the court. Of 
course, the objective is to sell at a higher price. And the receivers 
attempt would also be to sell at a maximum possible price and that 
would be the range which I mentioned to you. Answer to your second 
question, based on my information there are multiple buyers looking 
at DyStar and interested in DyStar some are strategic buyers, and there 
are many funds also, some of the large funds, what I have learned are 
also looking at the buying DyStar. So, there is enough interest in the 
market and there are many prospective buyers at the moment who are 
interested to be for the company. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashit Kothari an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashit Kothari: 
Sir my question is, while this is getting delayed our activities in domestic 
is practically very, very standstill kind of thing. And current year what 
you have said is 27% increase. So, out of that, how much it is trading 
and how much is manufacturing and what is our current utilization 
capacity in manufacturing? 
Manish Kiri: 
See the trading part is very small. So, almost all of the sales is the 
manufacturing sales and capacity utilization still remain on lower side I 

 
Page 13 of 23 
give you the exact number, the capacity utilization on intermediate side 
is 36%, dyes side is less than 20% because we have large capacities and 
basic chemicals is about 60% and overall average if you look at all 
facilities together out of 68,725 tonne we have produced 34,388 tonne 
so which is about 50% of the production capacity. 
Ashit Kothari: 
Sir have we given a thought as to if we are not getting the amount what 
we are expected to, then we take control of Lonsen Kiri? 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, Lonsen Kiri is a separate today also Lonsen Kiri is managed and 
operated by Kiri as per the shareholders agreement as a management 
control. It is still with Kiri, but both the entities are separate legal 
entities. So, the litigation at DyStar and the court orders at DyStar, exit 
of Kiri from DyStar, there is nothing to do with Lonsen Kiri at all, even 
though both the shareholders are same it’s a separate legal entity and 
if there is any separation takes place at Lonsen Kiri. It would be a 
bilateral negotiation between both the shareholders at an appropriate 
time. So, both are actually disconnected it is not related to each other. 
Ashit Kothari:  
I understand sir, but all this legal suit takes away so much of energy of 
the management. We just talked about it you all have experience it. So, 
if Lonsen Kiri would have been added into your, as part of your overall 
dealing and cash, then again another chapter doesn't get opened up. 
Manish Kiri:  
I fully agree with you. And with that in mind, we had several times 
proposed to our partner to have an amicable settlement with Lonsen 
Kiri, and also expressed Kiri’s interest being a local partner, to acquire 
them at a fair value, but somehow there is no step forward from their 
side. So, we hope that sense prevail after so many years of litigation. 
And we hope that the partner post DyStar try to work out amicably and 
we don't have to go through a legal route for this acquisition, I hope so. 
Again, looking at the kind of difficult nature of the Chinese partner. I 
don't have much hope but let's see how things unfold going forward. 

 
Page 14 of 23 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj Bhura from 
Adinath Financial Services Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Manoj Bhura: 
I have two, three questions. First question is regarding Lonsen Kiri. 
Lonsen Kiri is availing huge profit, the profitability is very good, almost 
30% it is earning, operating profit and around 15% is net profit and is it 
in the same line of business as Kiri or different? 
Manish Kiri: 
The product lines are different and the product categories are 
different, certain dye chemistry is different, which are more or less on 
a specialty dyes. So, for example, we do fluorine chemistry in Lonsen 
Kiri, which is a high value product ranges, we also do Indigo at Lonsen 
Kiri and these two account for more than 60% of the sales of Lonsen 
Kiri in terms of value. So, there are different products, highly 
specialized products, and that is where you see the margins are coming. 
Manoj Bhura: 
Yes, margins are fantastic there. I have seen the balance sheet for the 
last three, four years, it has also bumper profits, even in this least times 
when chemical is not doing well. 
Manish Kiri: 
Because, just to give you an example that's the only Indigo 
manufacturing facility in the country, there is no other indigo 
production. So, that gives some kind of upper hand so I wouldn't say 
monopoly but some kind of benefits being an alone producer in the 
country. 
Manoj Bhura: 
Sir, second question is regarding the process to be adopted by Deloitte 
for en block sale of the DyStar, what is the process and how it will be 
reported to you or exchange or the Court, what is the process, what is 
the timeline? 
Manish Kiri: 
The Deloitte is regularly updating both the shareholders, they have 
regular interactions and more frequent interactions with both the 
shareholders in addition to continuous interactions with DyStar. 

 
Page 15 of 23 
Manoj Bhura: 
What will be their process, is it auction route or they will be inviting 
expression of interest first? 
Manish Kiri: 
There are three steps broadly which is in any normal sale process. First 
is the preparation for the company which includes for example, 
information memorandum, data room preparation, right for the 
vendor due diligence, so all these preparations to sell the company. 
That's the first phase which is going on right now. Secondly, is to invite 
bids, LOIs on a bilateral basis. And then to go through the due diligence 
process with the prospective buyers that will take another three, four 
months. And that process should commence from July, August that's 
the second step. And the third step is to sign the sell purchase 
agreement have any other, once the buyer is identified, the price is 
negotiated. And then the third step would be to execute the SPA and 
the regulatory approvals and get the money and close the deal. So, 
these are the three steps process, it will take somewhere based on the 
indication given minimum nine months to around one year four months 
with six months cushion. So, practically it is between nine months to 
one year four months from the appointment of the receiver and that 
one year four months would be around June-July 2025. 
Manoj Bhura: 
Because appointment was made in the month of February, it means by 
June 25 we can expect the sale to be completed? 
Manish Kiri: 
Correct, practically yes. And there is a six months buffer. 
Manoj Bhura: 
It can be a earlier also? 
Manish Kiri: 
It can be earlier also, it depends on the buyers and it could be earlier 
also, it depends on how fast the buyers are completing the due 
diligence and giving the binding offers. 
Manoj Bhura: 
You stated there are multiple buyers then there should be no problem 
in selling? 

 
Page 16 of 23 
Manish Kiri: 
No, problem, absolutely no problem in selling the company I personally 
believe no problem in selling the company and there is no reserve price. 
So, please understand there is no reserve price, whoever is the highest 
bidder is going to get the company.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradeep Rawat from 
Yogya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
So, my first question is regarding the litigation on DyStar. So, to our 
understanding we are looking for buyers for the DyStar, in case we 
don't find any buyer the company will be liquidated right? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, correct. So, the receiver is right now in the process of executing 
the sale process. And yes, so if let us say in the worst case scenario, till 
December 2025, the company's not sold by any kind of reason, then it 
needs to be liquidated as per the courts directions, but I don't think 
that is going to happen, because there is enough interest, practically 
speaking, the buyers are preparing to bid and there are multiple 
options. Some strategic buyers are interested, some financial buyers 
are also interested. So, I don't see personally looking at the situation 
such thing is going to come, the company is going to get sold. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Yes, it would be a worst case scenario. So, what would be the 
liquidation value right now for DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
It won't be possible for me to answer that the liquidation value. If you 
look at the cash in DyStar, which is more than 500 million. So, any buyer 
would give more than the cash of the company as an equity value, 
correct. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
Yes. 
Manish Kiri: 
So, then there is no question of liquidation. There's actually practically 
no question of liquidation. It's a solvent company, it's a profit-making 
company, it's a lot of cash in the company and zero debt in the 

 
Page 17 of 23 
company. And there is no reserve price, the company is to be sold at 
any highest price, there is no reserve price. If somebody is paying 600, 
somebody is paying 500 equivalent to cash or somebody is paying 1 
billion, 2 billion whatever, the company is going to get sold. 
Pradeep Rawat: 
So, irrespective of the buying price we will be getting 603 million or 
more? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, we will get 603.8 million that's what we are going to get. So, if the 
company is being sold at 700 million, or it is being sold at 2 billion, 
whatever is the balance amount will go to Senda, Kiri will get only 603.8 
million, irrespective of what price DyStar is sold. Our number is 
decided, it’s a crystallized number. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Khanna from 
CapGrow Capital. Please go ahead. 
Arun Malhotra: 
This is Arun Malhotra. Just wanted to check you mentioned cash on the 
books. Can you also throw some light on the revenues, because when I 
saw at the website, the revenues have been stagnant for last more than 
five years. What's the reason for stagnation in revenues for DyStar one, 
and what's the average EBITDA for last five years? 
Manish Kiri: 
For the last five years, as you have rightly said the company's revenue 
has been ranging from 850 million to 1.1 billion and not only last five 
years, before we acquired DyStar in 2010 , if I remember correctly, 2008 
revenue was also $1 billion. So, in the last 15 years, the company's 
revenue has not been grown or increased much but it has remained 
range bound. Now there are several reasons for that, and if you look at 
the last five years EBITDA to answer your question, Last five years 
EBITDA is about 15% in DyStar. So, what DyStar has gained from is the 
restructuring, which was done post-acquisition by Kiri and Lonsen and 
that has turned the company into a good profitable path, but company 
has not grown itself into new product lines even though it has cash, it 

 
Page 18 of 23 
could not acquire new companies to grow, it couldn't set up a new line 
of business and dyes market and the higher end of dyes market where 
DyStar is catering is also a limited, so even not only DyStar if you look 
at the Archroma if you look at the Huntsman, their revenue for last 10 
years also stagnant, they have also not grown. So, in general whether 
it’s the DyStar or the Huntsman or the Clariant, or Archroma the 
categories in which they are serving that remains stagnant unless you 
grow in some other areas along with that and probably second factor 
could be the shareholders dispute for going on for 10 years. So, the new 
buyer who acquired DyStar can give a new direction, can change its 
course of business and as you know with the shareholder dispute 
sometimes would affect the future plans, especially future CAPEX and 
things like that. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Sure. And second part of this, can you also let us know has there been 
any impact on the business post this appointment of a receiver have 
there has been pushback from the customers part one and secondly is, 
could you also throw some light on similar deals that have happened in 
the past, in the past two, three years in the dyes or in the chemical 
segment, what values they have happened similar size company? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, to answer your first question, there is no disturbance in operations 
at all. We don't see any impact on the day-to-day operations of DyStar. 
And we also don't see any impact at least we are knowing offer or we 
have been informed about on the customers running away from 
DyStar, haven't seen that nothing like that, it has been normal as it was 
before. So, that's about the operations of DyStar. Now, if you look at 
the last year's acquisition of Huntsman by SK Capital, if I remember 
correctly, the accretion EBITDA was multiple was 7.8 times. So, let us 
say around eight times on enterprise value. 
Arun Malhotra: 
Got it. And lastly, there is so much immense value any plans of the 
buyback because you could actually pay debt and buy back of the Kiri 

 
Page 19 of 23 
shareholders and not participate, increase your stake indirectly. Any 
thoughts on that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Active thoughts on that, so once the fund comes and market is not 
recognizing value, and that is the option absolutely.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deyanshu from Chetri 
and Company. Please go ahead. 
Deyanshu: 
Can you just please elaborate a bit more on the en block sale process. 
So, are there any rules surrounding it as per Singapore law, for example 
there may be many covenants in the proposed transaction document 
that may not be agreeable to the management or shareholders. So, 
who has the final say there, because I am asking in respect of like the 
management or the other shareholders may try to stall the process. So, 
in terms of bidding, I understand that the highest bidder will be catered 
to, but what about the other covenants in the proposed transaction 
document who has the final say? 
Manish Kiri: 
Based on the court process, and the way the whole process is going to 
take place, it is the receiver, receiver is essentially the officer of the 
court and the receiver is selling the company as its basis. And receiver 
has the right on the shares of both the shareholders of DyStar. So, here 
when the company is stood by the court, there are no riders. There are 
no approvals required by the shareholders. Shareholders can help the 
receiver, but shareholders cannot have any conditions or don't have 
any rights to put any conditions for the sale of the company. So, 
essentially it is the receivers call and receiver as a trustee of the shares 
as on today can also execute the sale purchase agreement, they have 
immense power of the court they are the officer of the court. 
Deyanshu: 
I understand, but there is a proposed buyer for instance, they may ask 
for indemnity from the existing management of the company, let say 

 
Page 20 of 23 
shareholders, is that something that they can ask for and the 
management will say that this is not possible?  
Manish Kiri: 
I don't think that they can ask for the indemnity or anything, neither 
the indemnity in the court driven process is given. And they said, the 
company is being sold on the as is where it’s been, this is what it is 
based on the company's, there is no reserve price, see what value you 
want to pay and you pay it, and it’s a simple sell purchase agreement 
to transfer shares, as simple as that. There is no indemnity from 
anywhere. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dilip Dev Prakash an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Dilip Dev Prakash: 
Last time in the conference call, you had told that regarding the 
immediate relief payout, both Kiri as well as Senda had no issues with 
regards to 100 million being paid out to Kiri then why is it didn't 
materialize, why the legal team not convinced the court about the need 
for the immediate relief considering that 10 years have passed? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, if you read the judgment, the grounds of decision even though Kiri 
proposes and Kiri argued for it, the court’s opinion was by extracting 
this 100 million, you are in some way impacting the value of DyStar or 
you are setting an example of extracting the value of DyStar by giving 
100 million to Kiri. So, even though there has been a strong arguments 
from our side, on that point court was not with us. And court said that 
to maximize DyStar’s value, they don't want to do a buyback from 
DyStar because then Kiri shares would be instead of Senda or a new 
buyer would be bought by DyStar as per Kiri’s proposal and we were 
agreed for other options also, but somehow court was not with us. And 
court was also not with us on the interest, if you give a very hopeful 
that at least we will be getting interest but on these two points, court 
was not with us and on priority payment to Kiri court was with us. So, 

 
Page 21 of 23 
paying Kiri it’s full buyout value in which court accepted our arguments 
and other two they haven't taken. 
Dilip Dev Prakash: 
And my second question is, Senda goes in for an appeal and as you said 
it might take six or seven months from our experience for the final 
judgment about and in the worst case scenario, if it goes in their favor 
and the reserve price is then attached. So, how things will plan out? 
Manish Kiri: 
See, the way this will unfold is even though the appeal is an 
enforcement order appeal and no doubt the Supreme Court will look 
at that and if something goes in that favor theoretically it can happen 
practically also if Supreme Court decides to change something in this 
court, then post that decision receiver needs to implement it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashit Kothari an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashit Kothari: 
Sir one simple question. Again, assuming that it's going to take another 
two years now what all projects you have lined up for diversification 
there is no information available to the investors and also with regards 
to if our existing activities not giving results within this itself can’t there 
be any change of products and processes and move towards higher 
profitable products and processes? 
Manish Kiri: 
Your second question first. Yes, the existing business dyes and 
intermediates as you have seen, we have a lot of capacities which we 
are not able to utilize and you have very rightly addressed in last 
quarter, we could add few products. Similarly, we could change 
products within the category of intermediates and dyes, and also some 
related chemistry. And that could be our efforts to even at 1000, 1500 
level, we come back to the decent profitability by changing our product 
mix, definitely that is possible, we are trying to endeavor to do it, and 
that would be our focus, but I don't think it will require more CAPEX for 
it. A little bit of investment, few here and there, it's fine but it would 

 
Page 22 of 23 
not require any significant CAPEX to improve the existing business, it 
was more of our own ability to change within the existing investment 
that we have in this plant. So, that's your second question and we 
would definitely strive to do that and we must do it, we have reduced 
our power costs, we have improved efficiencies, we have shut down 
certain buildings completely, we can restart those buildings with new 
production, we are continuously exploring what new products we can 
make in those facilities on those buildings. So, we are working on it right 
now. Number two the projects are what we have looked at and looking 
at which includes the futuristic projects also which relates to the 
renewable energy, relates to green hydrogen, it relates to the electric 
vehicles related. So, there are a host of things we are looking at, we are 
also looking at petrochemical derivatives. So, there are vast, but we 
have not crystallized yet and it would be premature to crystallize 
because market is also dynamic. So, if we are expecting in one year, 
one and a half year from now, during this process may new players will 
come, may supply, demand would shift. So, we continuously explore 
and revisit our projects to see what makes best sense when the time 
comes, and we will definitely announce, be rest assured and we will 
announce well in advance before we execute the projects. 
Ashit Kothari: 
Basically, my first question was purely from the point of view that 
enough of bandwidth has been utilized by the case, it is more than a 
high time kind of focus on our activity, and let that process of court case 
and the money if it has to come in by whatever time it will come, 
whatever however hard we try, we may not be able to kind of change 
the course. So, if we can change the course….. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes. So, we decide on new projects when the time comes exactly. And 
we try to see how we can improve our own EBITDA currently, based on 
the current operations that we are in. 

 
Page 23 of 23 
Ashit Kothari: 
Sir we come to a conclusion, or we come to a point where we don't 
need to take into consideration DyStar figure because that money is 
not in our hand, it's not going to come in this profit of after the order 
or after 2018, that money is not part of us. So, if we have more cash 
flows, our hands would be more strengthen. 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. I totally agree with you, unfortunately there are double edged 
sword we have been going through for the last few years. One is our 
heavy litigation expenses, and second is the non-supportive market. So, 
that's why our internal improvements, change of products, improving 
our efficiencies, reducing cost, all those factors have gone in when you 
have seen that we have for the last quarter have at least on 
consolidated basis 3% positive EBITDA and if you take out the legal cost 
by the way, in the last quarter we are EBITDA neutral. So, at least the 
cash has stopped now eroding. So, we would then try to see how we 
can increase further by changing product mix. 
Ashit Kothari: 
Thank you sir, and wish you all the best. And we hope that we become 
cash positive in no time, at least for a consistent period.  
Manish Kiri: 
Should be. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentleman we will take these as the last 
questions. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Manish Kiri: 
Thank you very much all of you for participating in today's conference 
call. We will see you next quarter, all the best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Kiri Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
