 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref No.: ICIL/25/2024-25   
 
 
 
 
 
 
     June 4, 2024 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Company Symbol : ICIL 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code No:  521016 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call held on 28 th May, 2024 for Q4 & FY24 Results 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated 28th May, 2024 regarding audio recording of the 
Investors’ Conference Call and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of Investors’ Conference Call 
held on Tuesday, 28th May, 2024 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) for Q4 & FY24 Results. 
 
The transcript is also available on Company’s website at  
https://www.indocount.com/images/investor/Transcript-Of-Q4-FY24-Investors%E2%80%99-Conference-
Call-Held-On-May-28-2024.pdf  
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you,                                                                                                                                                                        
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Satnam Saini 
Company Secretary & GM- Legal 
 
 
Encl.: A/a                                                                                                                             
                                                   
SATNAM 
SINGH 
SAINI
Digitally signed 
by SATNAM 
SINGH SAINI 
Date: 2024.06.04 
18:29:10 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Indo Count Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 28th May 2024 will prevail. Further, no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in 
the call. 
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. K.R. LALPURIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INDO COUNT INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MR. K. MURALIDHARAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDO COUNT INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Indo 
Count Industries Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. K.R. Lalpuria, Executive Director and CEO of Indo Count 
Industries Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
K R Lalpuria: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all of you to the Indo Count Industries 
Limited Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Call. I have with me Mr. Muralidharan, our CFO, and Strategic 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisor. Happy to connect with you all once again to 
discuss the Q4 and FY '24 performance. 
 
Let me start with the industry and business scenario during Q4 and FY '24. The momentum of 
the previous 9 months continues and I'm happy to share that we concluded FY '24 with record 
performance. Our strategic focus on market penetration has driven sustained double-digit 
revenue growth for this financial year. 
 
I am pleased to inform that in FY '24, we have achieved our highest ever quarterly and yearly 
revenue of INR1,093 crores and INR3,601 crores, respectively. Additionally, we have recorded 
our highest ever annual EBITDA in FY '24, amounting to INR603 crores. Our net worth has 
now crossed the INR2,000 crore mark. It is worth noting that this year, we have delivered on 
our volume and margin as per guidance. 
 
Now let me talk about the market scenario. Retail sales in the U.S. market have remained 
resilient and almost returned to pre-COVID levels despite higher inflation and borrowing costs, 
driven principally by consumer spending and the growing influence of e-commerce. Looking 
ahead, we anticipate sustained demand on amount of easing inflation and likely interest rate cuts 
solidifying our leadership position in the global home textile bed linen market. 
 
We continue to strengthen our product offerings and deepen customer relationships, prioritizing 
long-term brand health. This strategic focus ensure we remain well positioned for the ongoing 
growth. On the domestic front, India aims to boost textile exposed to $600 billion and expand 
the domestic market to $1.8 trillion by 2047, focusing on quality, sustainability, and global 
leadership. 
 
The home textiles market is strong, driven by global demand from the hospitality and residential 
sector. While India leads in home textiles, there is room to increase our global market share by 
leveraging the China Plus One strategy, India can add another $10 billion in exports potentially 
raising our global market share. Additionally, free trade agreements with the U.K. and EU will 
further boost our competitive edge. The Indian home textiles industry stands at a crossroads of 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
innovation and growth by capitalizing on international and domestic opportunities and 
embracing sustainable practices, we can unlock significant potential in this dynamic market. 
 
Now our company's performance highlights.  
                                               We achieved 18% revenue growth in FY '24 and successfully met our volume and margin 
guidance.  
Coming to our Q4 performance. EBITDA margin of 15% was on account of onetime 
promotional activities, which increased the other expenses and therefore, impacted EBITDA 
margin by around 2%. This is one-off scenario was in this particular quarter. We expect the 
benefits of this to play in the coming quarters and are confident to maintain the EBITDA in our 
guided band of 16% to 18%. We improved return ratios, ROE and ROCE while maintaining our 
debt-to-equity ratio in spite of this tremendous growth. 
 
Our disciplined hedge policy for raw materials enabled us to remain competitive. The inventory 
built up towards year-end is aligned to service expected higher business activity in FY '25.  
                                                Now the strategic growth and brand expansion. We are embarking on the next growth phase, 
laser-focused on amplifying the contribution of branded products to our revenue. With the 
acquisition of the iconic Wamsutta brand, a stalwart in the American market for over a century 
and the expansion of our licensed brand portfolio with Fieldcrest and Waverly, we are 
strategically positioned to derive higher contribution. 
 
The potential of the Wamsutta brand to add revenues over the next 3, 4 years is substantial, with 
half of this anticipated from the bedding segment and the remainder from complementary home 
products like rugs, towels, curtains, windows, etcetera. 
 
Our steadfast commitment to branded B2C and D2C channel is yielding promising results, 
steadily increasing our market footprint. Moreover, our licensed brand opens door to a diverse 
customer base. Fieldcrest caters to the dynamic young population, while Waverly appeals to 
those seeking stylish home decor, particularly in the emerging American market. 
 
This expanded reach across the U.S. and Canada market promises to bolster our margins and 
profitability. Besides our facilities will manufacture this product for the end market thereby 
increasing our utilization level along with getting benefits from operating leverage. We strongly 
believe this strategic move position us well for sustained growth. 
 
Now let me talk to you about our ESG initiatives. Indo Count Industries Limited achieved a 
significant milestone with the inauguration of our 9.3-megawatt solar power generation unit in 
Gujarat. This strategic move underscores ICIL's unwavering commitment to green energy usage. 
With over 90% of the Bhilad unit operation now powered by renewables resources and to 
sustainable and responsible business practices. 
 
By embracing solar energy, we have not only significantly reducing our carbon footprint but 
also optimizing energy cost, showcasing our proactive approach to environmental stewardship. 
Moreover, I'm delighted to share that our company's total renewable energy capacity has now 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
reached an impressive 21.5 megawatts. This initiative, combined with our recognition in 
Walmart's project, Gigaton unequivocally reflects our steadfast dedication to fostering a greener 
future. 
 
On awards and recognition, I am delighted to share some remarkable achievements by Indo 
Count Industries Limited. We have been honoured with 3 prestigious National level awards from 
the CITI Birla Economic and Textile Research Foundation for the year 2023-'24. This award 
recognized our excellence in best practices in social responsibility and green practices, 
innovative material management and as the runner-up for best sustainable retail practices. 
 
Additionally, Indo Count has been bestowed with TEXPROCIL's Gold Trophy for the highest 
export performance in MADE UPS for an impressive 5 consecutive years. This accolade serve 
as a testament to ICIL steadfast dedication to sustainability, innovation, and excellence. We take 
immense pride in being recognized for our efforts and remain fully committed to driving positive 
change in the textile industry. 
 
Now let me share with our consolidated financial performance.  
                                                Volume, sales volume for Q4 FY '24 stood at 28.7 million meters versus 20.4 million meters in 
Q4 FY '23, a growth of 41%. Sales volume for FY '24 stood at 96.8 million meters versus 74.7 
million meters in FY '23, growth of 30%.  
                                                Total income, INR1,093 crores in Q4 FY '24 versus INR810 crores in Q4 FY '23, a growth of 
35%. Total income, INR3,601 crores in FY '24 versus INR3,043 crores in FY '23, growth of 
18% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
EBITDA, EBITDA for Q4 FY '24 stood at INR166 crores versus INR147 crores in Q4 FY '23, 
growth of 13% on a Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA for FY '24 stood at INR603 crores versus INR486 
crores in FY '23, growth of 24%. EBITDA margin for FY '24 stood at 16.7% versus 16% in FY 
'23, growth of 78 bps. 
                                                PAT, INR92 crores in Q4 FY '24 versus INR95 crores in Q4 FY '23. PAT, INR338 crores in FY 
'24 versus INR277 crores in FY '23, a growth of 22% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
EPS is INR4.64 in Q4 FY '24. EPS is INR17.06 in FY '24.  
                                                Net debt to equity is 0.32x as on March 31, 2024, against 0.33x for the previous year.  
                                                For financial year '24, ROE is 16.2% and ROCE is 18.8%.  
                                                The inventory for year ended 31st March stood at INR1,143 crores. This should be looked at 
from the perspective of the increased guidance. 
The Board of Directors has recommended a higher dividend of INR2.20 per equity share of 
INR2 each. That is 110% subject to the approval of shareholders at ensuing AGM. The dividend 
payout stood at 12.89% and has been kept stable in order to use the cash for increased investment 
in business, especially the recent acquisition and inventory buildup. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
With this, I open the floor for the question and answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth. 
Palash Kawale: 
Congratulations on the very good set of results. Sir, my first question is on realizations. So now 
that the cotton prices have stabilized, then contribution of the utility bedding is increasing in our 
total product mix. How do you see realizations moving forward in next 2 years? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Definitely, Palash, our focus is on the value-added products. And as we keep on mentioning that 
our focus is to how -- through brand acquisition, through branded licensed brands and through 
fashion, utility, institutional bedding, which we started 5 years ahead -- 5 years before, so we are 
focusing on the value addition and definitely through operational leverage as well as selling 
better goods, we intend to improve our margin going forward. 
Palash Kawale: 
So my next question is on the share of India in bed space. So if I look at the data, the market 
share of Pakistan has increased a lot and our market share -- like Indian market share is -- like it 
was 21% last year and it's 21.3% in Jan to March. So what is the reason behind this? Pakistan is 
gaining a lot of market share, and we are at stable levels? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, this is due to because Pakistan consumes MMF and in India MMF is expensive by almost 
25% where China is cheaper. So India has so far not focused on the filled product. So even if 
you look at the various drawback structure where the duties get refunded. We are not refunded 
on the synthetic part. So hence, it becomes not competitive. 
 
And secondly, the freight also plays an important role on to like shipping filled products, which 
is more voluminous than weight oriented. So I think slowly, as India rationalizes the synthetic 
prices, we'll see an uptick here. And secondly, most importantly, we all players had focused on 
the sheet side of the business and have not built the back end to service this product category. 
 
Now recently, like last year, we invested almost INR60 crores on building a world-class fashion 
bedding unit. So that goes like without saying that now we are well positioned into servicing 
this product both front end and back end. And with the brands in our kitty, definitely, it will help 
us to inch forward in this particular category. 
 
So I think there will be improvement in the coming years as how we see the China +1 happening 
on the sheet side, which is very apparent. Slowly, it will trickle down to these categories also. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. Thank you for giving the revenue contribution from business segments. Sir, if you could 
give any sense of how the margins are for like branded businesses and fashion and utility or 
unique e-commerce business, that would be really great and even in home like domestic market? 
K R Lalpuria: 
So we should look at holistically. I have predefined earlier that now we are working on almost 
7 verticals apart from the sheet, which is a commodity. So we are working on fashion, utility, 
institutional, e-commerce, license brand and brand business as well as domestic. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
So every business is in itself a business to us. And we are formulating strategies in order to grow 
each of this business to world-class and thereby, like both when you see how India is well 
positioned and India as a country also doing well in the domestic front, we see big opportunities 
in all these segments. 
 
So definitely, like going forward, our focus will be how we can elevate to the next level through 
all these different categories of businesses, which we are currently doing. And we have a good 
audience to customer worldwide. We export to more than 50-plus countries. And we have 
performed well for all these years in the eyes of the customers. 
 
So definitely, whatever B2B, which we were doing earlier will now transform to B2C and D2C 
and that will definitely provide us an edge because we will be able to service omnichannel and 
a 360-degree like product range into not only the bedding area, but we are also moving up with 
the brands to other categories of products. So definitely, with all this mix, you will have a better 
edge going forward and it will make better margins going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
Congratulations for good set of numbers in turbulent times. So a couple of questions. One is that 
the value-added segments have improved from 46% to 51% Y-o-Y. So where do we see because 
the recent acquisition of the brands and tie-ups -- so what are the kind of traction we are going 
to see in -- for the next 2 to 3 years? So can you go up to 25% or so of branded business? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Brand Wamsutta, we'll be launching in this spring FY 2025 in this September. So we'll see some 
traction happening in the fourth quarter. And slowly, we will build up this brand. Also these 
brands -- licensed brands like Fieldcrest and Waverly also, they will become active in 2025. That 
is FY '26. So once we start activating them across the board to different product categories and 
different set of customers, we see that the traction building in the coming year. 
 
So going forward, like say if we start with say 5% up to 10% and then maybe probably our 
endeavour is to go up to 15% of our revenue in the branded business. But looking at the trend, 
the consumer preferences and the elevation of premium to branded segment, we have to wait 
and watch how these trends move forward. So definitely, we have set good plans to see that this 
becomes quite successful in our overall portfolio of revenue and slowly we will endeavour it to 
reach to almost 10% plus. That's where we are currently targeting. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
So incrementally, you have recently given to media a notion that you are eyeing for $100 million 
in next 2 to 3 years. So that amounts to roughly 23 million meters for the branded segment as 
well as the Wamsutta and for the brands around 15 million meters. So if we put together our 
utilization rates will be improving. So what is the plan ahead? And going forward, whether we 
would be looking forward to maybe capacity expansions maybe '26-or-so? 
K R Lalpuria: 
So first of all, you see we did mention that we believe that we will reach $100 million in the next 
3, 4 years, which is correct. But you need to consider you see out of this $100 million, around 
$50 million, $60 million will be bed linen and the rest would be like towels, rugs, and other 
product categories, which we will outsource. So definitely, you need to consider that in this 
overall $100 million, the utilization for bed linen will be not $23 million what you calculate but 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
it could be close to around $10 million to $12 million because it is high value as well as it is like 
part of the overall revenues. 
 
So this is what will be the outcome. And once we reach the optimum level of our capacity 
utilization, definitely post this, the Board will take appropriate call and see that how we can 
expand the capacity further because we already have on GHCL acquisition, a land over there, 
which is additional where we can expand our next line of processing. 
 
So we do have infrastructure. We have already invested into the core capex. And we have the 
capacity also which is like flexible and scalable. So definitely, all this will provide us the 
necessary inputs to grow our brand sales going forward. And that's why we are quite confident 
that in the next 3, 4 years, we should be able to build a branded business of almost $100 million. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
So, is it safe to assume that 85% utilization will be trigger for -- creating or let's say, looking for 
the -- for full next capex, sir? 
K R Lalpuria: 
That should be considered most like FY '27, I'd say, probably. But if we are lucky and if we are 
more successful, then definitely, we'll come forth in '26. We are a debt-free company. We have 
financial resources to go in for any kind of expansion in the future and the plans which we are 
making, as I mentioned in the 7 verticals, we are expanding each one of them. So we'll be ready. 
If there is any need towards expansion, we will definitely think of and we will report -- come 
back to you as and when the capacity utilization improves. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And sir, for the -- these additional branded segments. So what would be the realizations higher 
than the -- in the normal commodity range. So can it be around 15% to 20% higher? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, normally, it is like what we've just now mentioned, it is around 15% to 20% higher than the 
normal range, because there are expenses to be considered. And as an equity, you need to 
differentiate, and the product is also more rich -- has rich inputs rather than the commodities. So 
definitely, this should be the ballpark in the premium and the branded segment. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
So with 15% increment in the realization, you would be seeing a realized EBITDA margin 
improving from 17% to around 25%? 
K R Lalpuria: 
~ 17%  
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
25%, in that particular category. Current margin is around 17%. So in those categories of 
branded segments. So can we expect higher EBITDA margins? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Yes, of course, we cannot define that because you see in branded segment also, there is a product 
mix change. And which segment you are servicing, that needs to be considered.  but definitely, 
above 20% plus, you should always consider for the branded segment revenue. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
So what will be the range, broad range of EBITDA margin from lowest to highest? 
K R Lalpuria: 
20% to 24% should be considered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jatin Damania from Svan Investments. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Jatin Damania: 
I just wanted to understand, in your initial remarks, you indicated that the last quarter EBITDA 
was impacted by incremental spend on the promotional expenses. But then later you indicated 
that Wamsutta brand launching traction would start from September onwards. So does that mean 
that for initial 6 months or 9 months of this financial year, our promotional expense will continue 
to remain at the higher level? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, certainly, we have to create the infrastructure and the back end as well as the front end. So 
definitely, there will be expenses. But this all will get absorbed by the realization margin, which 
we get on branded business. So that will be an investment, which we will do in the coming 
quarters. But definitely, we will plan in such a way that we get those realized with our extended 
margins. 
Jatin Damania: 
Yes. But then extended margin will start coming out from the Q4 onwards largely on the 
branding side? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Yes. Once we start delivering the goods, definitely the margin will get visible but the question 
which you raised is that will there be additional promotional expenses during this -- the first 3 
quarters, the answer is, yes, to a certain extent. But we have to look from a medium and long-
term point of view for any brand promotion, which we cannot expect like in the first quarter 
when you acquire some brand and from the very next month or in the next quarter, you'll start 
getting results. It has to be planned for seasons and the seasons are all 6 months apart. And then 
you have to draw in the necessary customer base to make it much more successful as for the 
trends prevailing in that market at that point of time. 
 
So that is how we should look at it. This is a very strong brand, a national brand. It does not need 
any introduction. So definitely, apart from adding new customers and opening new doors to us 
and with the existing customers even we look at enhanced businesses and that's the reason we 
acquired this brand and invested into it. So with whatever the expenses, which will happen, we 
will draw a proper brand strategy to see that how we can recover those expenses and absorb it 
in our futuristic sales. 
Jatin Damania: 
So that is it's fair to assume then the guidance that we have given 110 million meter to 115 
million meter, it's excluding the contribution from Wamsutta? 
K R Lalpuria: 
To some extent, yes, you are right. 
Jatin Damania: 
Okay. So that anything that can come in Q4 on Wamsutta will be additional to the numbers or 
the guidance that we have given with a better margin? 
K R Lalpuria: 
So that's why we have kept the band, as well as a band for both volume guidance and margin 
guidance. 
Jatin Damania: 
Okay. Sir, second thing, I mean, previously, during our last interaction in the call, you had 
indicated that we are looking at the – doubling our revenue from INR3,000 crores to INR6,000 
crores in the next 3 years. So -- last year, we were at INR3,000 crores, this year, we clocked at 
around INR3,500 crores. So are we still maintaining that guidance of INR6,000 crores by '26 or 
probably we could see some delay in that number as well? 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
K R Lalpuria: 
So we are seeing that happening in 2027 because the situation has also to improve. See, there 
are still geo-political reasons for business disruptions, the Red Sea, the war, like various inputs, 
which are increasing in India. The Indian inflation is like almost more than 6%. So you need 
also to look for all these moving pieces and consider. But definitely, our endeavour is to see that 
we do this revenue growth to doubling it by, say, 2027, like FY '27, we should safely take it. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sure, sir. And sir, last question on the Wamsutta. In the previous participant answer, you 
indicated that $50 million will be attributed to bedsheet and remaining $50 million will be 
outsourced. So has any given point of time as a company, are we thinking to venture into other 
home textile business other than the bedsheets so that whatever the outsourced item that you are 
taking it, we can supply through in-house only? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Yes. See, definitely, we keep our doors open to all opportunities and we are a manufacturing 
setup. We are quite experienced in this business of manufacturing for the last almost more than 
3 decades in textile. So whenever there is an opportunity of adding on any product category, 
which makes sense to our business, which provides synergy, which provides margin to us and 
which have a good payback, the company will definitely have the philosophy to invest into it. 
 
As we are slowly building on this branded business as we see a great opportunity out there in 
premium and branded segment as the luxury and affluent business, what we read from the 
various reports of McKinsey, BCG and various other consultants are coming in showing that 
there is an increase on the luxury side of the business. And that's what we would like to tap going 
forward. And once it develops into a good revenue, definitely, we can always add on the back 
end just like how we add on different product categories. 
 
So we are open to all these investments and our company is also having AA- credit rating. So as 
far as raising finance is concerned, we are well off, like we can always raise finances for new 
capex for any product category to add. 
Jatin Damania: 
And last question on your brand expansion also, or probably the license tie-up that we are doing 
with Iconix International. So can you explain what is this tie-up for? 
K R Lalpuria: 
This Iconix International owns the Fieldcrest and Waverly brands. And Iconix is a very well-
established licensed brand and brand house, and it is very well known. So it provides us 
opportunity to tap other brands from the same company. Once you perform with Fieldcrest and 
Waverly, then definitely, they will think that we can handle the brands well and that opens doors 
for their other brands which they own. So it is a beginning of a good relationship with this 
company. 
 
Secondly, Fieldcrest and Waverly are also 100 years old. And we have, by acquiring Wamsutta 
and licensing Waverly and Fieldcrest, we have addressed the demographics of the brand because 
Wamsutta has a 45-years age and above brand recall value, Waverly has got 94% feminic c 
recall value and it is more print and stylish driven as well as Fieldcrest is addressing more to 
younger generation, 25 years and above. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
So that completes our brand strategy to address all sections of the consumer. And since we have 
the entire product range on to the bedding side, which formulates 50% of home textile, we should 
be able to address the complete demography by this brand licensing and acquisition. 
 
And we are not stopping here. Whenever we see a brand opportunity now, since we are 
recognized in the market to handle brand, there will be opportunities for us that licensing 
companies will come forward and offer us this brand at a good reasonable contractual value. 
 
So this is what the opportunity is. And by doing this branded segment, what we have been 
alluding so far is about elevating us to the premium and branded segment, because we were 
catering to the mid- to high segment. So this brings in another level of acquiring the segment or 
positioning of the brand in those segments to increase both our revenue and margin profile. 
Jatin Damania: 
So sir, likely indicator for Wamsutta of $100 million in the next 3 to 4 years. So Fieldcrest 
revenue would be how big in terms of the revenue contribution for next 3 to 4 years? 
K R Lalpuria: 
No, I didn't get your question, please. 
Jatin Damania: 
Sir, like Wamsutta, you indicated it's a $100 million opportunity, right? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Yes. 
Jatin Damania: 
So with this licensing tie-up for Fieldcrest and Waverly, how big that opportunity would be? 
K R Lalpuria: 
No, there will be additional revenues. What we mentioned is like $100 million branded business. 
So this includes like Wamsutta, Fieldcrest and it can go further up because we acquired 
Wamsutta first, so we planned $100 million, now since Fieldcrest and, Waverly and we will tap 
more revenues from this. That's what I mentioned in my earlier reply 
Jatin Damania: 
So $100 million is inclusive of all the brands? 
K R Lalpuria: 
In my earlier answer, I had mentioned about that we are planning to see that how we can grow 
our market share from, say, 5% to 10% to 15% of entire revenues. So I hope I answered your 
question? 
Jatin Damania: 
Yes, yes, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hemangh Kothadiya from Anvil Share & Stock Broking 
Private Limited. 
Hemangh Kothadiya: 
Congratulations on the great set of volume growth. Sir, my question is on the Red Sea crisis, is 
that impacted the freight cost for us like big manner. Because I heard the freight costs has 
increased by twice of pre basically Red Sea crisis, so what is our stance on that? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, first of all, our sales to the U.S. is more than 70%, where we sell FOB basis, number one. 
Number two, -- you are right that the freight costs has gone up, so it is a nuance. And we have 
been discussing with the customers to see how we can absorb that. There is not much of an 
impact on to our expenses to a certain extent. But definitely, this is one of the -- what you can 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
say a troublesome area that Red Sea is still continuing. So we are waiting and watching and 
seeing that how it gets resolved. But it is for everybody. It is universal. So everybody is impacted 
through that. So being universal, we are able to address it much better. 
 
And secondly, one more important thing because U.S.A. is not impacted as such with this, 
because it goes with Cape of Good Hope, where only you are increasing the working capital by 
15 days. So that is the other submission from my side. 
Hemangh Kothadiya: 
And sir, on the solar power, we are setting up 8-megawatt incremental and plus around 8-
megawatt which we set up last year also. So what kind of savings are you expecting from the -- 
because of the use of solar power and normal green power basically. 
K R Lalpuria: 
See first of all, we need to look at from compliance standpoint, how the world is moving towards 
to. So for - customer base in developed nations, they are trying to become much more serious 
about requirements of sustainable deals. So they want green energy to run the plants. And that's 
why from a compliance standpoint, our company is getting ready, being a global company. So 
number one is that reason. 
 
Secondly, there is optimization of cost as well because you see the power cost in India is going 
up. As the consumption is moving up, you see the power cost is also going up. The transmission 
cost is going up. The generation cost is going up. So we need to offset that. So whatever that 
optimization happens will bring in definitely some savings and we will become competitive. So 
we do not cry over the rates, power rates all the time. So the company is trying to become self-
sufficient into its own generation of green energy for the future. So slowly it is taking steps 
towards becoming that self-reliant. 
 
Maharashtra, where we are located, do not have a sound solar policy because they allow only 1 
megawatt on one meter. So recently, they increased in the textile policy to 4 megawatts. But still 
the notification is not out, according to which we can invest into it. So once that is out, we'll 
further increase that 1 megawatt to 4 megawatts in our plant at Kolhapur. So that is how we are 
shaping our renewable energy initiatives. 
Hemangh Kothadiya: 
Right. And the zero-liquid discharge effluent water treatment plant of INR50 crores, that is at 
Gujarat unit, right? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Yes,at Bhilad plant, because you see, as I mentioned, on the compliance side now, everybody is 
focusing on zero-liquid discharge. So we need to upgrade our unit. So we are investing into it so 
that there is a lesser freshwater intake. And secondly, you are discharging no effluent because 
in Bhilad plant, we have a free discharge. So we have to see that in the future, we build this zero 
liquid discharge, so we save ourselves on any eventuality. 
Hemangh Kothadiya: 
Okay. And sir, last question on the Wamsutta brand that outsourcing part, what we discussed 
earlier with one of the participants, so like towels and other parts of the home textile market. So 
do that thing can dilute our margins going forward because traditionally, we are getting 18%, 
20% margin in licensed brand. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
K R Lalpuria: 
Why to dilute? Why you should think like that? The towels are also sold in branded segment at 
a higher price. So you have so many people selling in brands. You see their margin, they are 
higher. So we are focusing on the branded segment and drawing in product in that branded 
segment, we are not saying that we are going to put up a towel plant to sell commodity. 
Hemangh Kothadiya: 
Right. Fair enough, sir. Congratulations and once again all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of SimranJeet from Almondz Financial Services Limited. 
SimranJeet: 
Sir, I have three set of questions. First question is, how you see the demand trends in the U.S. as 
you know, inflation is still high there? Second, what is the timeline to bring down your 
consolidated debt? And third, if the U.K. FTA happens, let's say, somewhere down the line, how 
will -- it will be benefit to the Indo Count? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Can you tell me the second question again? 
SimranJeet: 
Sir, what is the timeline to bring down the consolidated debt on the books for -- to reduce... 
K R Lalpuria: 
And the third question? 
SimranJeet: 
Sir, third question is for the U.K. FTA, which is still pending, if that comes into play, has seen 
benefit to Indo Count? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Sure. So first of all, as I mentioned in my speech also, that what we observe is that the inventory 
levels with the retailers are normalized. And we are getting impacted only due to the inflationary 
measures so that discretionary product is not bought to the extent what it used to be pre-COVID 
level. 
 
So we still have to wait for some time from the market enthusiasm to return. The inventory 
pipeline is dry. And that's the reason we said that we mentioned that the demand is stable, and it 
continues, only the pain point is the inflation which monetary policy that U.S. government is 
addressing this and that we will see post June also if there is a correction that will definitely help 
the economy. 
 So the demand is like I can only say in one word, FY '25 is better than FY '24. That is number 
one. Number two the debt. The philosophy of the company has been always to plough back our 
profit due to the business for both growth and debt reduction and that will continue. 
 
So whenever we see an opportunity where we do not have cash to invest in growth, we'll reduce 
our debt. And our endeavour is to become a debt-free company. So that goes without saying. 
But whatever working capital which we need, we have to deploy that, whether it is supply chain, 
whether it is any compliances for solar energy or with anything. So we need to do that. So 
definitely, our philosophy is to reduce the debt and say in the next 2 to 3 years, you will see there 
will be a further reduction in the debt as we draw in more operating cash. 
 
The third is about the U.K. FTA. What we hear is that the primary discussion has already 
completed. And there are no hitches between the two government to declare the FTA. But they 
are taking their own time to declare it. We feel that this will be cherry on the cake. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
So whether it is FTA or non-FTA, we are not concerned to that extent. We are drawing in good 
business in the U.K. market. We have an office in Manchester, U.K., where we have started 
distribution also. So we are slowly inching towards more market share. So whether there is FTA 
or no-FTA, we are not to that extent, impacted. 
 
But yes, definitely, when the FTA happens, there will be a good development that we will come 
to level playing field with Pakistan and Bangladesh who enjoys duty-free access, just like how 
UAE and Australia, the business is inching up. This will provide us an opportunity to explore 
and explore and exploit the market more. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Zalak Rathi from Agility Advisors. 
Zalak Rathi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Could you help me in understanding the valuations 
at which Wamsutta brand was acquired, as it was acquired for approximate INR85 crores on a 
generated revenue of INR4,000 crores. And in one of the interviews, you gave guidance of this 
brand will add to top line of INR800 crores in next 2 to 3 years and no debt has been acquired. 
And as it is a premium brand having legacy of 178 years. So how did we end up at the valuations 
of INR85 crores? 
K R Lalpuria: 
So definitely, good question. This was a great opportunity for us to acquire because there are 
very few companies which have the kind of supply chain, which we have. The kind of product 
range, which we have. The kind of innovation and the front-end and back-end setup we have. 
So Beyond INC, took over the assets of Bed Bath & Beyond at say $ 23 million, which included 
this IP of Wamsutta as well, -- they were customer to us, and we were selling them products. 
And they were convinced that the kind of product range which we have and the kind of marketing 
strategies, which we have evolved over a period of time, provided them the necessary confidence 
that we will do -- justice in promoting the brand across the globe, not only in the U.S. and the 
Canadian market. So we discussed about this opportunity, and we were able to convince them 
to buy out this brand from them at INR85 crores. So that is the first thing I would like to submit. 
 
Secondly, Bed Bath & Beyond the retailer used to have this brand in their kitty. And for the last 
10 years, since 2012 to 2022, this brand did almost more than $500 million at sale because 
specialty stores like that, particularly in home textile, which was across categories. So it was not 
only bed linen, but it was towels, rugs, windows, and all sort of accessories, etcetera. So they 
did a very good business in Wamsutta brand till they liquidated. And now that was around $ 500 
million and at the peak, they had achieved in a particular year was $800 million. And the average 
was around $500 million every year. 
 
So this gives an opportunity for us that with a legacy of 178 years, where the brand recall value 
in the U.S. is more than 75%. And plus its specialty and departmental stores, which gets us 
elevated to the premium and branded segment, we thought that this opportunity was good, and 
we acquired this brand from a long-term and both medium-term standpoint. We are selling like 
fashion bedding, utility bedding, institutional bedding, and e-commerce, where we can leverage 
the strength of this brand to promote it in each channel of distribution. So that is the objective. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
And we also scale up both our product profile, our positioning, our margin profile, our capacity 
utilization and having a complete perceived better value in the marketplace, not only in the 
U.S.A. but across the globe. So this was the entire objective, and this was the value, and this is 
what we intended to have the sales, which we have mentioned that we are confident with the 
kind of product base and the customer base which we have, we should be able to have at least 
built up $100 million revenue in the next 3 to 4 years. 
Zalak Rathi: 
Okay, sir. And how do we plan to penetrate in Indian market like increase our share? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Definitely, it's a good question. We are looking very positive about the Indian market. We have 
established and we are inching towards better distribution as well as better exposure to the large 
format store. And this particularly brand will give us a leverage to position it on to the premium 
segment over here as we see that India is a growing market where the middle class is aspiring to 
use better end products and the luxury segment is also growing in India. So this gives us a 
competitive edge to promote this product in the Indian market as well where we are bullish on. 
Zalak Rathi: 
Could you give a guidance like what market share we expect? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Not at the moment, guidance for what like we already gave a guidance of $100 million we'll do 
in the next 3, 4 years. 
Zalak Rathi: 
For Indo Count only, what market share do we target in Indian market for our fashion utility 
segment and all that. Like currently, we do have 2.5% share in the Indian market. So what target 
do we keep to expand it? Any target for that? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Definitely, we are planning around 6% to 7% of our revenues going forward because we have 
various strategies under our sleeves to see that how we can expand our market share in the Indian 
market. But as you know, you see Indian market is not organized yet. And the unorganized sector 
is slowly getting into the organized segment. So we have to see that how we strategize to see 
that we speak about market share in India, which is like coming for because it's still fragmented. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors LLP. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers and achieving the targets and for the guidance 
that you have provided. So referring to your opening comments where you said that almost 200 
basis points of margin losses on promotional activity. Could you help us understand what this is 
because all the brands we've acquired will be launched much later in the year? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, when you acquire a particular customer or when you acquire a particular promotional 
business, you have to see that how you can penetrate the market with that share. So we jointly 
decided that we will promote that into marketing with the product or the promotion in a proper 
way and that's why we had to support the customer. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir, on a strategic basis, like you're hoping that by, say, March '27, fiscal '27 year-
end Indo Count will be at INR6,000 crores. So that should unlock a high amount of operating 
leverage if you go from currently roughly about 2/3rd the capacity utilization to 80%, 85% plus 
the contribution from brands  But the question I have is that as a strategy, do you think you want 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
to keep the margin stable at 16% to 18% and reinvest the additional margins into brand building, 
into distribution, into new product development. And therefore, the margin profile as financials 
are presented will be more stable? Or do you think there is room for upside because the amount 
that needs to be invested in brands is fairly -- is going to be paid for by the brands themselves? 
K R Lalpuria: 
So definitely, you see we all work towards more value addition at each step in each business 
product category as well as channel of distribution. We always look for opportunities where you 
can make extra margin. So our endeavour is to see that how we can develop our margin profile 
going forward and that's the basis of the entire strategy to acquire the brand and work out the 
license brand so that whatever commodity which we produce or whatever product which we 
produce, currently, we can scale up to the premium and the branded segment. 
And definitely, once we utilize our capacity, there will be definitely operational leverage. But at 
the same time, as I mentioned, you see that we are in a country which is growing at a 7% GDP 
plus. So definitely, the input costs are also challenging. And as what we see the various 
disruption, so we have to be geared up. So it is a 2-edged sword, which we need to balance it 
out. But to answer your question, definitely, our endeavour is to see how we reach better margins 
going forward with both operating leverage as well as product elevation. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir, does the brand-led strategy need more working capital fundamentally? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Not exactly but there would be some expenses which will be associated with this, whether it is 
talent acquisition, whether it is distribution, whether it is marketing expenses, selling expenses. 
So those will be associated. But as I mentioned in my earlier answer, we will have a proper brand 
strategy to see that these expenses get absorbed in the process and we make a higher margin. 
Because this will add on to the cost of the sale and definitely, we'll keep aside a positive margin 
or elevated margin to make on the brand itself. Because the retailer also when they position a 
brand, if they scale up their margin to see that how we can make a better margin on the product 
rather than a non-branded product. So definitely, you see there will be expenses, but it will be 
getting absorbed in the process. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
No, no, I was asking about working capital. Do you need more working capital for brands versus 
commodity end? 
K R Lalpuria: 
Not exactly. To a certain extent, you will need but not completely like you can differentiate 
between a normal business and a branded business. You need to keep some working capital for 
it when you launch a particular collection. But that will be all planned on the made-to-order basis 
rather than on a made-to-stock basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from Alfacurate Advisors. 
Dhavan Shah: 
So my question is on the gross margins. Given that the commodity -- the cotton prices has been 
declining plus the value-added mix has also been improved during this quarter. So why the gross 
margins are down on a quarter-on-quarter basis? Because if I understand correctly, I think Q2 
and Q4 are more seasonally good quarters in terms of the branded business, right? 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, we should not look at the gross margin per se. The reason being we should look at what -- 
like EBITDA margin we get. So we keep that intact because the gross margin have many 
variants, like say, the Forex, the cotton prices, the sale price, the product mix, the various other 
like raw material, which we import of the dyes chemical, the packing material. So there are so 
many moving averages that you reach out to a particular gross margin in the business. But 
definitely, our endeavour is to protect our complete EBITDA margin, which we have already 
indicated 16% to 18%. 
 
So that really is humongous to a certain extent. So you should look -- from an annual perspective, 
you should look at our results and you should not look at every quarter because there are changes 
in seasons, changes in promotion, changes into even different events like Christmas, New Year, 
Mother's Day, Father's Day, Valentine's Day. So all these are at different levels to promote the 
goods and the retailer also promote it accordingly. 
 
So you should look from our EBITDA level. And secondly, you should look at our volume 
growth. So that's where the focus should be, and you should look on an annualized basis. That's 
my request. 
Dhavan Shah: 
And for meter-wise, I think if I look at the realization per meter, I think we reached to roughly 
INR380 during this quarter. And EBITDA per meter is more or less INR58 a meter, right, versus 
INR60, INR61 last year on a blended basis. 
 
So I wanted to understand more what is the EBITDA per meter and the realization per meter 
differentiation between the branded and the non-branded business? And how this per meter 
numbers can be improved, maybe 2, 3 years down the line. This INR58 a meter can move up to 
INR70 a meter EBITDA? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, we do not calculate actually that way like dividing the revenue with straight away the 
meters. Of course, at the end of the year, you do calculate in that way. But there are so many 
changes in textiles, if you know the category that there are thread counts, there are finer account, 
there are coarser count, there is cotton, there is differentiation in packaging, there is dyes 
chemical, you supply a white sheet or a dyed sheet. So there are so many variables happening, 
and the market responds to the trends and the consumer experience in a very different way. It is 
not like for per meter realization. 
 
But still to answer your question, when we look at different product category, say fashion, 
bedding or say, branded business or say branded business on the e-commerce, definitely, you 
will find that the realization per meter will definitely improve. At the end of the year, we see 
that the EBITDA level, as I mentioned, should improve from 16%, 18%, to 18% to 20% and 
then 20% to 22%, that's what the endeavour is. That's what we are all working for. 
 
So the entire focus should we get on those numbers like the EBITDA numbers. Between the 
quarters, there are a lot of changes happening. So that's what I requested in my earlier answer 
also, that you should look at our company wholistically -- that's why we provide the volume 
guidance and the margin guidance to see that we focus on this, and we achieve those numbers. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take this as our last question. Our last 
question is from the line of Surya Narayan Nayak from Sunidhi Securities. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
Sir, just to understand if the cotton price, I know the margin is good there. So currently, we saw 
quarter-on-quarter is up around 8%. So let's say, we see the current price could be a bit of a base 
rate and there is little downside. So suppose from here onwards, cotton prices improve. So do 
you see any mileage towards the higher realization? 
K R Lalpuria: 
See, cotton prices, you see India is pretty strong in cultivation and producing cotton and that's 
the reason you see the cotton prices are more or less stable around the INR, 60,000 to INR62,000 
mark. So going forward also, as the indication is that the monsoons will be good. So we expect 
that the cotton prices should stay in the similar band. Now definitely you see once the raw 
material prices are stable, you can plan your business better. And definitely, the kind of cost 
structure, which we have put in and strategized value addition, definitely, we will try to see that 
how we can improve our gross margin going forward. So that is the whole endeavour. 
 
And definitely, the cotton raw material prices always helps us into planning much better the 
marketing strategy. So definitely, once that happened, it gives us a competitive edge where to 
sell and how much to sell and what to sell. So definitely, that will improve and improve our 
overall business performance. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
Okay. So another question is that sir, will it be safe to assume that in case the complementary 
products of, let's say, bath segment were to come at a lower margin then will you do justice not 
selling so much towards whatever we required of the particular brand because it may impact our 
overall margin. So what should be our strategy? Because in the bath segment, I see the lower 
margin compared to sheets? 
K R Lalpuria: 
I did mention that we are not going overboard to sell a product. We are formulating a strategy 
to sell that in brand. So we will protect that margin. We don't want to sell towels like other 
manufacturers. We are saying that we will sell this product as additional complementary 
products in the brand itself. Unbranded, we are not focusing currently. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
And lastly, sir, in the current brand whatever we are doing. So our U.S. block is around 75%, so 
will it further improve, or the diversification will have wherein the U.K. and EU to get more 
share? 
K R Lalpuria: 
No, our overall mid to long-term strategy is to see that we have like a 60%-40% ratio, 60% in 
U.S. and 40% in non-U.S. 
 
And once the FTA has come into play, definitely, that will improve the non-U.S. percentage. 
But by virtue of an organized market by virtue of a larger market than other development and 
doing well economically too, it provides us an opportunity to sell it in the U.S. in a better planned 
way and that helps our back end. Capacity is also to be planned accordingly to get the operational 
leverage because of the size of the business they offer. 

 
 
 
 
                           
              Indo Count Industries Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
So all these factors prompt us to sell or let us focus on the U.S. market rather than the other 
markets because the other markets like in EU and other places are fragmented and the order sizes 
are small, which do not match to our expectation of getting much more operational leverage. 
 
So definitely, that push and pull always will be there between U.S. and non-U.S. markets. But 
as a company, our endeavour is to see that going forward, we developed the non-U.S. market 
also to the extent of 40% and keep the U.S. 60%. 
Surya Narayan Nayak: 
At least by '27, we can expect that the 75% contribution from the U.S. to go up maybe to closer 
to 80%? 
K R Lalpuria: 
No, no. We cannot assume like that because Wamsutta brand is a global brand. And definitely, 
we will spread it in such a way like in India, elsewhere as well as the U.S. also like in Canada, 
Mexico. So this will be equally split between U.S. and non-U.S. market. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the call to 
the management for closing comments. 
K R Lalpuria: 
Thank you. In closing, I'm delighted to share that our contribution through branded B2C and 
D2C channel is steadily on the rise. Our persistent efforts to expand our portfolio's reach in end 
markets are now well supported by the addition of Wamsutta, Waverly and Fieldcrest. 
 
This strategic move not only reflects our commitment to growth but also positions us for even 
greater success in the future. With this addition, we are poised to capture new market, increase 
our market share, and further solidify our position as a leader in the industry. Thank you for your 
continued support as we embark on this exciting journey of growth. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Indo Count Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
