                                                            
    
 
 
  
केȾीय कायाŊलय: "सौदािमनी", ɘॉट नंबर 2, सेƃर -29, गुŜŤाम -122001, (हįरयाणा) दूरभाष: 0124-2822999 & 2823999 
Corporate Office: “Saudamini”, Plot No. 2, Sector-29, Gurugram-122001, (Haryana) Tel.: 0124-2822999 & 2823999 
पंजीकृत कायाŊलय: बी -9, कुतुब इंːीǨूशनल एįरया, कटवाįरया सराय, नई िदʟी -110 016. दूरभाष: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193, CIN: L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Registered Office: B-9, Qutab Institutional Area, Katwaria Sarai, New Delhi-110 016. Tel: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193,   
CIN : L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Website: www.powergrid.in 
 
 
31st May, 2024 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C 1/G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai. 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai. 
 
 
 
Reference:  NSE-SCRIP ID: POWERGRID; BSE Scrip Code: 532898  
EQ – ISIN INE752 E01010 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts’ Meet held on 24th May, 2024. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the copy of Transcript of 
Investors & Analysts’ Meet held on 24th May, 2024. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(Satyaprakash Dash) 
 Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
SATYAPRAK
ASH DASH
Digitally signed by 
SATYAPRAKASH DASH 
Date: 2024.05.31 
17:50:26 +05'30'

 1
 
 
 
 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts’ Meet 
 (Q4 and Financial Year ended 31.03.2024) 
 
24th May, 2024 11:00 AM (IST) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team: 
  
i)  Shri R. K. Tyagi – Chairman & Managing Director  
 
ii) Shri G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance) & CFO  
 
iii) Shri Abhay Choudhary - Director (Projects)  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 2
Investors & Analysts’ Meet of Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd. 
(Q4 and Financial Year ended 31.03.2024) 
 
 
- Moderator 
 
- We welcome you to the Investors and Analysts’ Meet to discuss the fourth quarter 
and annual financial statement for the FY 2023-24. I now invite Mr. Satyaprakash 
Dash, Company Secretary, to initiate the proceedings.  
 
- Mr. Satyaprakash Dash – Company Secretary: 
 
- Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of POWERGRID, I 
welcome you all to this Investors and Analysts Meet. Today, our senior management 
is there with us to discuss the company's business performance and financial things 
based on the recently published financial result. It's my pleasure to welcome the 
senior management of POWERGRID and introduce them. Mr. R.K. Tyagi - our 
Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Abhay Choudhary – Director (Projects), Mr. G. 
Ravisankar – Director (Finance) & CFO. 
 
- Before proceeding further, we are presenting a short video on POWERGRID. 
 
(Audio-Video plays 01.17-04.37) 
 
- Thank you. I will now request our Chairman & Managing Director address the 
gathering. Subsequent to this, the floor will be open for question-answers. Chairman 
Sir, please.  
 
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
 
- Good morning, everyone. Honorable investors, our partners and colleagues, on 
behalf of POWERGRID I want to thank everyone for attending this Investors Meet 
along with my Board colleagues, Mr. Abhay Choudhary, Mr. G. Ravisankar are there. 
Our Director (personnel) Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi, has gone to U.S. for receiving one of 
the very prestigious ATD BEST Award 2024 which we have received for the third 
time. It is a matter of pride for all of us. 
 
(Audience applauds) 
 
- I also want to congratulate each one of us for surpassing market cap of Rs. 3 Lakh 
crore on 21st May, 2024 and the speed at which it has surpassed 3 Lakh crore from 
Rs. 2 Lakh crore in first week of December 2023 by 21st May, 2024; almost 5 and half  
months. So, there are many more achievements, milestones in future to come. I, on 
behalf of POWERGRID, I assure every one of you that we are committed to achieve 
many more milestones in future. 
 
- Today, I will cover POWERGRID overview, major highlights, performance of 
POWERGRID, what is the growth outlook in next 7-8 years and what awards and 
accolades we have received in recent past. As you know, we are a Maharatna 
company, Schedule “A”. As per DPE, we are third profit making CPSE after ONGC 
and NTPC. Market cap, as I told that, we have achieved on 21st May, 3 lakhs crore. 
 
-  We have our operations throughout India, with neighboring countries like Nepal, 
Bhutan, Bangladesh. We have cross border interconnection of about 4,000 

 3
Megawatt. We also have footprints in 23 countries with 47 subsidiaries, 12 joint 
venture companies and 4 associates. We are handling huge asset base; one of the 
largest transmission companies in the world. 
 
- Our operations, our credit rating are excellent. It is at par with sovereign rating/credit 
rating domestically and international. 
 
- As I told that the widespread transmission asset about 1,77,000 circuit kilometers 
and 1,503 transmission lines are spread across India. You go to any state, our 
transmission tower is there with 278 substations, 5,27,000 MVA capacity. 
Interregional capacity about 99,580 Megawatt, which is almost 83% of interregional 
capacity. This indicates that more than 100,000 Megawatts can be transmitted from 
one corner of the country to another corner of the country. Power generated in Tamil 
Nadu can be transmitted to Leh and Ladakh. Similarly, hydropower generated in 
Arunachal Pradesh can be fed to Delhi and Haryana. 
 
- We are handling almost 99% system availability. Last year it was over 99.80% 
availability, which is one of the highest in the world. Our tripping also, it is one of the 
best in the world. So, our operations are excellent and our experts, technical expert 
team is working day and night to ensure availability and reliability of power system in 
India. 
 
- Two years back in ‘2021, 2022’, during COVID period, everyone witnessed that 
power supply was maintained reliably, and our dedicated manpower worked day and 
night even in COVID days and ensured that reliability of power be it Leh, be it 
Arunachal Pradesh, be it Sikkim. So, everywhere it was maintained. 
 
- We have HVDC systems; about 18 stations, 800kV and 500kV, which is one of the 
highest system voltage. One multipole carries almost 6,000 Megawatts. That means 
one HVDC line, it can carry 6,000 Megawatts which is more than the requirement of 
metro cities like Mumbai, Hyderabad, Chennai and other cities except Delhi where 
power demand is about 8,000 Megawatt. Otherwise, one HVDC can feed one full big 
city, metro city. 
 
- We have 62 765kV substations, 167 400kV substations and for reliability and 
dynamic compensation for reactive power management we have dynamic 
compensation, SVC (Static Var Compensator) and STATCOM 20 numbers, 63 GIS 
especially where land scarcity is there. We have state-of-the-art technology through 
GIS up to 765kV and our transmission towers which are spread on hills, mountain 
top, river; everywhere. Whatever be desert, be it dense forest everywhere our towers 
are spread across country. We have more than 3,800 transformers and reactors. 
 
- MAJOR HIGHLIGHTS:  
 
- We have won 13 ISTS TBCB projects in FY 2024 like - 
 
 
Bidar, which is Bidar substations and Bidar to Maheshwaram transmission line 
765kV level. 
 
Sikar Khetri Transmission System, that is two transmission line from Sikar to 
Khetri and Narela. 
 
Koppal II and Gadag II transmission Limited which is also two numbers of 765kV 
lines and one 400kV line with two stations- one 400kV and one 765kV. 
 
Vataman Transmission Limited, it is for evacuation of power to be generated in 
Khavda area. Khavda; huge potential is there over 40,000 Megawatts. So, it is 
part of their Transmission Evacuation System. 

 4
 
Neemrana to Bareilly Transmission Limited. 
 
Bikaner III to Neemrana, this is for evacuation system of Rajasthan Renewable 
Power. Bikaner III substation and associated Bikaner III to Neemrana, two 
transmission line. 
 
Ramgarh II Transmission Limited. It is Ramgarh substation plus Ramgarh to 
Badla-III 765kV transmission line. 
 
Then, Beawar Dausa 765 kV. 
 
Ananthpuram Kurnool Transmission Limited. 
 
Rajasthan; we have Barmer Complex, Jaisalmer and Barmer Complex. It is part 
of 5.5 Gigawatt Part E and Part C. 
 
Then Khavda area of Gujarat-Phase-IV, Part 2, Part E2, which is basically 
augmentation capacity of Khavda II and Khavda III; KPS II, KPS III.  
 
 
- In terms of NCT cost, it was about 65% of total project which were bid in FY23-24 
and annual tariff is about 64% of the total. 
 
 
- OTHER HIGHLIGHTS: 
 
 
The cabinet approved Green Energy Corridor, especially for Ladakh, Pang to 
Kaithal HVDC and at Pang and Kaithal VSC stations and associated AC 
transmission line at Pang and Leh. This was approved in FY23-24. 
 
 
Then MoU we have signed with RVPNL, Rajasthan for formation of 74:26 JV 
company for intrastate transmission projects initially for about 10,000 crores 
transmission system and maybe later on many more will be there. Similarly, we 
are 
also 
in 
discussion 
with 
Andhra 
Pradesh 
Transmission 
company 
APTRANSCO for formation of JV company similar to Rajasthan and also with 
Assam and U.P. So, intrastate transmission system also is likely to be developed 
by POWERGRID through joint venture or through Intrastate TBCB companies. 
 
 
We have successfully completed five numbers TBCB projects in financial year. 
We are not only winning the project but also completing. POWERGRID Ramgarh 
Transmission Limited, which is execution or setting up of Fatehgarh III substation 
and Fatehgarh III to Fatehgarh II transmission line. Fatehgarh III to Jaisalmer 
transmission line at 400KV level. 
 
 
POWERGRID Bikaner Transmission System Limited, which is setting up of 
Bikaner II substation. Then from Bikaner I to Bikaner II 400kV line and then 
Bikaner II to Khetri 2 numbers of 400kV double circuit line. Then Khetri to 
Bhiwadi. 
 
 
Then POWERGRID Meerut Simbhavali Transmission Limited. It was basically 
intrastate transmission system, part of U.P. where we have set up Meerut 
substation 765kV/400kV and Simbhavali 400kV substation with 400kV 
transmission line between Meerut and Simbhavali and LILO of Hapur-Noida at 
Meerut. 
 
 
Then Muradnagar to Simbhavali 400kV line. So this was commissioned in FY’24. 
 
 
Then most prestigious POWERGRID Neemuch Transmission Limited, which was 
linked with the generation of solar power in Neemuch area. This we have 
completed in last financial year which involved Neemuch substation at 

 5
400kV/220kV and 400kV transmission line from Neemuch to Mandsaur and 
Neemuch to Chittorgarh. 
 
 
Then in another intrastate transmission line, Gomti Yamuna Transmission 
Limited, which involves setting up of 400kV Mohanlalganj substation, which is 
close to Lucknow and associated transmission line in U.P. That was also 
completed last year. 
 
 
Then we also signed supplementary agreement with Ladakh Power Development 
department for setting up of border area works for Ladak U.T. sanctioned under 
RDSS scheme of Government of India. 
 
 
We also granted patent for Thermal energy storage based air conditioning 
system and a method to manufacture the same. It is a matter of pride for 
POWERGRID that our operations have been certified for ISO 55001 for Asset 
Management System Certification. Only limited companies worldwide have been 
certified for ISO 55001 in recent past. It ensures that reliability of our system is 
maintained, all risks be it political, be it financial, be it safety, be it reliability of 
system are taken care if we have ISO 55001 and our reliability is maintained. 
There will not be any surprise for the management that something has gone bad. 
So, if this system is implemented then our systems are in place and all risks are 
taken care beforehand. So, it is a very prestigious. I want to compliment 
POWERGRID team for achieving this ISO 55001. 
 
(Audience applauds) 
 
 
Your company has also shown transparency. We have been certified by BIS for 
implementation of Anti-Bribery Management System. ISO 37001: 2016, it was 
recently certified by BIS. So, the code of Integrity Pact, Transparency and Ethics 
in POWERGRID will be ensured. They are already there in place but we have 
been certified also now. 
 
 
- PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS: 
 
- As I told, we have executed the 5 TBCB companies which involved 19,720 MVA 
capacity, 6 numbers of substations and 4,036 circuit kilometers of transmission line. 
 
- The name of transmission line are, as I told- 
 
 
Bikaner to Khetri, 2 number double circuit lines. 
 
Then Lower Subansiri-Biswanath Chariali, which is linked with hydro generation 
of about 2,000 Megawatt at Lower Subansiri of NHPC. 
 
- So, these have been commissioned before generation. So, one line was 
commissioned in 2022, second line has been commissioned now; second double 
circuit line. 
 
 
Then Khetri-Bhiwadi. 
 
I had told Neemuch-Chittorgarh. 
 
Sitamarhi-Dhalkebar is the international line between Nepal and India. 
 
Fatehgarh III to Jaisalmer II. And these are the stations at Meerut, Fatehgarh III, 
Bikaner II Simbhavali, Mohanlalganj and Neemuch. 
 

 6
- In project execution, we had target of about Rs. 8,800 crore last year in FY24 but 
with the support of our partners we were able to achieve Rs. 12,500 crore CapEx in 
FY24, which is over 4% of our Gross Block, which is about Rs. 2,75,000 crore. 
 
- This year we have target of about 6% growth, from 4% to 6%, which will be around 
$2 billion; maybe about Rs. 17,000 crore. Or we will try to achieve even better than 
17,000 crore. 
 
- Capitalization was Rs. 7,618 crore, this year we will try to double it. We have many 
projects in pipeline and we are working day and night to achieve our capitalization; 
double of what we achieved last year. Maybe around 15,000-16,000 crores. 
 
- Our operational efficiency, I told that it is one of the best in the world and 
continuously we have been achieving. That means our operations are in safe hands. 
Our experts are working day and night. We were able to achieve 99.85% availability 
last year and tripping was 0.28 tripping per line. That indicates that out of four lines 
only one line trips or one line trips in four years; 0.28 tripping per line. 
 
- And this had been possible by adoption of latest technology, intelligent inspection in 
POWERGRID. We are using headgears to ensure that every activity is monitored by 
experts sitting at Control Center and person working at site will be transmitting the 
picture or the details of the work being done at site through headgear to the experts 
sitting in Control Center. 
 
- Then Reliability Center Maintenance. I told that all assets are being mapped and we 
are mapping each asset. If we have 290,000 towers or 3,800 transformers and 
reactors, around 15,000 breakers, about 20,000 current transformers, about 14,000 
CVTs, 12,000 about surge arresters. So, put together we have about 400,000 
equipment together. So, manually it is not possible to monitor and analyze and map 
the risk involved in each asset. So, we have mapped each and every asset digitally 
and we have mapped risks associated with each element digitally and action taken 
for repair and maintenance, monitoring being done considering the risk involved in 
each element or each equipment. So, through Reliability Center Maintenance we will 
be able to ensure that there is no surprise for the management. Everything will 
appear on the dashboard and all risk will be mitigated before time. 
 
- The, remote operation of substations. As you know that our all substations are being 
remotely operated from our Control Center at Manesar and Regional Control Center 
in each region. So, all stations are unmanned, operations are remotely done. So, 
chances of human error are minimized to ensure that reliability and fatal accidents 
and everything can be ensured in a better way. Then equipment through PALMS 
(POWERGRID Asset Life Management System). Digital substations, we have 
implemented at Malerkotla and Chandigarh. Now we have two more stations, one at 
Navsari 765kV and Kanpur 400kV. Through patrolling of transmission line, we are 
using a high zoom camera and drone patrolling is also being done. Once picture is 
taken through camera, through drone or manually, this picture is transmitted to the 
software through our internal communication system. Then automatically defects are 
identified and defects will be identified in each and every tower and automatically 
through Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning the data will be transmitted to the 
Maintenance Engineer or maintenance crew at site and automatically defect will be 
communicated and defect report will be made so that action can be taken by the 
concerned Maintenance Engineer. So, without waiting for the report from site, the 
report is generated automatically so that action and reliability of the system can be 
maintained. 
 

 7
- We have Center of Excellence for control and protection system at our Control 
Center in Manesar and PG-DARPAN and other applications are in place to ensure 
that our transmission network is safe, it is reliable, it is properly maintained. 
 
- I will tell that we are in the process of implementing Asset Management Performance 
through world renowned vendors like IBM, Accenture, GE, TCS, LTI Mindtree, 
AREVA and this Asset Performance Management System has been implemented by 
world best utilities like TERNA Italy, Fingrid Finland, ISA Columbia, National Grid 
U.K., TenneT Netherland, TNB Malaysia, OETC Oman, then Eirgrid Ireland, DEWA 
in UAE. Our experts have visited TERNA Italy, ISA Columbia, Fingrid Finland 
ElectraNet Australia to see their system so that best of these utilities can be 
implemented in POWERGRID. These utilities claim that the operations cost can be 
optimized, it can be reduced by 15%-20%. So, after implementation of this Asset 
Performance Management System we are hopeful that at least 10% operations cost 
can be reduced in POWERGRID also apart from ensuring reliability and security and 
risk management. 
 
- THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE: 
 
- If we talk of Q4 FY24, income was about Rs. 12,254 crore, profit is Rs. 4,128 crore. 
On consol basis, this was Rs. 12,305 crore and the profit is Rs. 4,166 crore. So, 
there is a slight dip in Q4 because of one-time order of Raigarh-Pugalur. We got 
some arrears in the last quarter of FY-23 and there was some arrears pending, there 
was some CERC order received in the last quarter of FY-23 and we got somewhere 
about 200 crores for Nagapattinam, our TBCB project, which was pending for some 
time and we got some one time tariff for these assets. So, that is why last year it was 
slightly more as compared to this year. If you see the profit, so it is slightly different. 
So, this is because of that reason. 
 
- If we talk of total financial year, we have achieved about Rs. 45,815 crore income, 
profit of Rs. 15,475 crore which is slightly higher than the total income we achieved in 
FY23. On consol basis also, Income is Rs. 46,913 crore, profit is Rs. 15,573 Crore. 
So, on Q4 to Q4 comparison, we are slightly lower considering our one time order for 
Raigarh-Pugalur and Nagapattinam but on overall basis for the financial year we are 
almost 1% higher than the last year FY-23. 
 
- These are the details of our financial performance. In Q4, the total income was Rs. 
12,254 crore, for complete year it was Rs. 45,815 crore. EBITDA margin (excluding 
Telecom) of Q4 was Rs. 10,358 crore and for complete year it was Rs. 40,045 crore. 
Profit After Tax Rs. 4,128 crore and Rs. 15,475 crore. On consol basis also it is 
slightly better than last year; almost 1% higher than last year. 
 
If we see our overall financial performance, as I told that, on consol basis we have 
Rs. 2,75,991 crore gross fixed asset or gross block and we achieved about            
Rs. 12,500 crore capex. So this year, we are targeting to be more than 6-7%. Work in 
progress, we have Rs. 19,468 crore projects in progress. Long term debts have 
decreased from last year. It was earlier Rs. 1,25,000 crore approx. Now it is Rs. 
1,20,000 crore approx. Net worth on consolidated basis is Rs. 87,000 crore approx. 
from Rs. 83,000 crore approx. Earning per share is Rs. 16.74 on consolidated basis. 
Then book value per share 93.70. Debt equity has improved from 61:39 to 59:41 and 
return on net worth is 17.87%. 
 
- Other key financial parameters, income for previous periods, consol basis Rs. 826 
crore. Interest on differential & final tariff Rs. 966 crore. Interest from subsidiaries and 
JVs Rs. 1,459 crore. Surcharge (consol) Rs. 146 crore, incentive (consol) Rs. 573 
crore, dividend from JVs 68 crore, dividend from subsidiaries Rs. 891 crore, dividend 

 8
from associates, PGInvIT & others about Rs. 79 crore. CSR expenses Rs. 312 crore, 
FERV (Gross Block) Rs. 191 crore, equity in TBCB Operation, we have about        
Rs. 3,809 crore, equity in TBCB under construction Rs. 598 crore, short term loans 
about Rs. 2,694 crore. 
 
- If we talk of dividend, so this year, happy to announce that, this financial year 23-24, 
we are the highest dividend payer company and dividend for current year is Rs. 
10,463 crore as compared to Rs. 10,289 crore last year. Last year, it was 67% of 
PAT and this year it is about 68% of PAT. In September 23, we have given bonus 
shares, 1 share for every 3 shares. If we consider that, last year we gave dividend of 
Rs. 14.75 per share. This year we have given, if we don’t consider this bonus share, 
then it will be Rs. 15 per share. If we consider bonus shares, then this year it is 
11.25. Last year, it was somewhere about Rs. 11.06 or something like that. So it is 
better than last year. 
 
- As I told in the starting that, in the last 4 years, our market cap, POWERGRID market 
cap, your company market cap has increased by 210%. On 17th Nov. 2016, the 
market cap was about 1 lakh crore. On December 5, 2023, it crossed 2 lakh crores 
and almost within 5.5 months on 21st May 2024, we achieved more than 3 lakh 
crores. So future is bright, company is in safe hands and we are committed to 
achieve many more milestones in future. Highest share price which POWERGRID 
share has achieved is about 328 on 22nd May. 
 
- In consultancy, current year, we have earned about Rs. 553 crore. We have 9 new 
international assignments, 19 ongoing international assignments, 21 new domestic 
assignments and 79 ongoing domestic assignments. We have international 
assignments from Tanesco, Tanzania, Zambia Transmission Line in Africa, then in 
Fiji we have transmission line, construction work, then UETCL in Uganda, then Nepal 
Gorakhpur Butwal, we are executing their transmission line for international cross 
border interconnection. The telecom performance also has improved from               
Rs. 729 crore to 822 crore in FY23-24. 121 new customers have been added.         
Rs. 870 crore multiple year orders have been received. 3,000 locations, pan India 
locations we have. Our telecom network is spread across the country. We have 
about 1,00,000 kilometers of OPGW network and our backbone availability is 100%. 
Business segments, leased lines, MPLS-VPN, data services, infrastructure services, 
upcoming services like ILD connectivity with neighboring countries like Nepal, 
Bhutan, Bangladesh and Myanmar. 
 
- In terms of commercial performance, we have billed about Rs. 42,793 crore last year. 
We have achieved Rs. 42,820 crore have been realized, which is 100.06% of total. 
 
- If we look at the sectorial outlook, energy transition is to happen. We are committed 
or it is committed to participate and contribute for energy transition which is the vision 
of country, vision of the world. In this direction for India to be a 5 trillion dollar 
economy by 2030, so lot of growth is expected, so if growth is there, then 
transmission sector has to grow. Without electricity, growth is not possible, so if the 
GDP growth is 6%, so it has to be, the electricity growth has to be more than what 
GDP growth will be there. Then 50% non fossil fuel capacity by 2030, 500 gigawatt is 
to be stored by 2030. Then government has announced green hydrogen mission. For 
that also, about 125 gigawatt power requirement will be there for producing green 
hydrogen for local consumption and for export. We have intermittent renewable 
power. So for grid stability and for reliability of our network, energy storage is 
required in terms of pumped storage or battery storage. So POWERGRID will play a 
role in connecting these battery storage systems and pump hydro stations. Then 
international connection, if sun energy has to be utilized by all countries of the world - 
one sun, one world, one grid, mission of Government of India and international 

 9
commitment, we have to have international interconnection like India to Singapore, 
India to Oman, India to UAE and other countries. Similarly, there will be 
interconnections from Middle East to Africa, Africa to Europe and many 
interconnections between European countries so that the concept of One Sun, One 
World, One Grid can be achieved. So that means many more projects are in pipeline 
for which also POWERGRID is getting ready and we are hopeful that we will also 
contribute for One Sun, One World, One Grid. In this concept, the power generated 
may be in Myanmar, Thailand and other countries it can be transmitted to Europe 
and once sun is there in Europe, that power can come to various other parts of the 
country, various other countries. So, One Sun, One World, we are committed and we 
are seeing potential in this aspect also.  
 
- We see POWERGRID, how it looks like in another 7-8 years. We have mainly 
outlook in transmission business. Inter-state, we see it is on conservative side. I will 
say 136,000 or 1 lakh 36 thousand is on conservative side. We are hopeful that it will 
be much more than 1,36,000 but even if we consider 1,36,000. Then intra-state, 
transmission stands at Rs. 37,000 crore. Cross border like neighboring countries, 
about 10,000. International projects like we have one in Kenya, which is getting 
matured now. We have got the in-principle approval and finer details are being 
worked out and work will start shortly. The subtotal of transmission system will be 
about 1,90,500 crore. If we consider other businesses of POWERGRID, solar 
generation, smart metering, data centre, so put together, this is about 2,07,000 crore 
by 2032. I will say that it is on the conservative side. We are expecting that to 
increase.  
 
- Work in hand as on today, as I told that, work in progress was Rs. 19,000 crore, 
apart from that, we have work in hand about Rs. 86,000 crore. More than 80% 
towards renewable energy evacuation. Out of which, we have 11,200 crore RTM 
projects. 24,700 crore new RTM projects, about 50,000 crore other projects.  These 
are RE linked projects. This year, I told that we have, as per our MOU targets with 
Government, we have 15000 but actually, it will be about 2bn dollars or even more 
than that. Towards sustainability aspirations, we are committed to reduce our 
electricity consumption from fossil fuel by 2025, that is more than 50% power will be 
through renewable for our auxillary consumption and other requirements. We are 
committed for net water positive organization by 2030, then zero waste to landfill 
status by 2030, net zero by 2047. 
 
- These are some of the awards. As I told that Platts Global Energy Award, 
International CSR Award, ATD Best Award 2024, Brandon Hall Group Human Capital 
Management Award, SKOCH Gold Award and many more awards are expected in 
future. Our papers, our contributions have been given awards. They have been 
recognized by ISGF Innovation Awards 2024 in smart technology, energy transition 
and Gold Award, adoption of artificial intelligence, machine learning and robotics for 
our transmission line. For human capital excellence and certificate of excellence in 
learning and development at SHRM HR Excellence Award. Thank you very much. 
Thank you for your patience & hearing. Thank you. 
 
- Moderator: 
 
- Thank you Sir. That was really a comprehensive and very very enriching 
presentation.  I now open the floor for questions and answers. Please put your 
mobile phones on silent as usual. Also please raise your hand, introduce the 
company that you represent and you may ask the question. Yes gentlemen! 
 
 
 

 10
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- Sir, I am Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. My compliments on the year where you 
have garnered almost 65% share of the TBCB projects. My 1st question on TBCB is, 
could you outline how the EBITDA and profit contribution of your TBCB portfolio has 
moved from FY-23 to FY-24, given now the equity base of operation TBCB projects 
has increased slightly? That’s my 1st question. If you could also, in relation to TBCB, 
touch upon the fact that capex to EBITDA ratios or capex to annuity ratios rather, that 
you know you have been winning in TBCB over the past few years have shown a 
deteriorating trend, as in the annuity that you earn for the capex per TBCB project 
has reduced, if I look at the trend over the past 5-6 yrs. How do you read that as 
implications for the IRR that you would make for the TBCB projects? That’s my first 
question here. 
 
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
 
- For TBCB projects, when we bid for any project, we are very particular about IRR 
and we maintain that by ensuring our timely completion, cost overrun and financial 
cost is not there and we try to maintain about 10-12%. So we ensure that. Regarding 
your EBITDA related question, I will request Director Finance to kindly intervene and 
reply. 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO: 
 
- EBITDA margin will be almost equivalent to the RTM. It will be something like 85 to 
87, that range will be there because the IRR, like if we say like 10-12%, if we 
maintain and there are some projects, as a package if you see all the, like we have 
47 TBCBs mostly in construction once everything gets completed, as a package if 
you see, EBITDA will be a decent one. 
 
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- Sure! So if you look at the total consolidated profit, the question was, what is the total 
consolidated EBITDA and profit to TBCB subs from FY 23 to 24. 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO: 
 
- As such, we have not worked out separately for this thing but if you see standalone 
to consol, it’s on the higher side. Naturally it means, EBITDA for standalone & consol 
for Q4 to Q4 is approx. 84% and year on year is approx. 87% with slight variation in 
decimal points between standalone and consol. It means the EBITDA in the TBCBs 
are not alarming. 
 
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- Sure! Only the thing is, total profit of subsidiaries as mentioned in your BSE filing, 43 
subsidiaries, the profit that is mentioned has come down on a year on year basis 
whereas last year, the number of subsidiaries and the profit mentioned there. So I 
was trying to understand, what is driving the reduction in subsidiary profit? 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- No, no, you mean to say, profit per subsidiary? 
 
 

 11
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- No, not profit per subsidiary but the total profit of subsidiaries that was mentioned in 
your FY23 BSE filing for some 37-38 subs versus 43 subs right now was a higher 
number last year as compared to this year. 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- Last time, actually we had a one Nagapattinam transmission system which was the 
1st TBCB which was acquired in 2011 and we were actually filing the petitions for a 
change in law for which we got an income of about 200 crore for all the years 
together. So that was one of item which we got in the last year. That’s why probably if 
you compare exactly, it may be like that. Otherwise if you see, if you remove that one 
off item, as such I don’t think in this availability transmission tariff process, there is 
not much of chance of turbulences. 
 
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- Thank you. Just a book keeping question. The capitalization that you mentioned for 
FY24 on a full year basis, there was an asterisk mark there and it mentioned that 
there were assets capitalized on finance lease basis that were included there. 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- That was intra-state. 
 
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- Ya, that is how much is the finance lease on asset capitalization on finance lease 
basis…… 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- I think it is something around 1500-1600 Crore. 
 
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- Ok. Because when we subtract the net block for FY24 minus FY23 and add back the 
consolidated depreciation, we got a number below Rs. 60bn So maybe that 1500 – 
1600 is explaining this. 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- Ya, you may be getting a figure of 5000…. 
 
- Mr. Sumit Kishore  - Axis Capital Limited: 
 
- That’s why we thought that the numbers were…..thank you so much and wish you all 
the best. 
 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- Thank you. 
 
 

 12
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- Hello, sir. This is Subhadip here from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Firstly, thank you 
for such a detailed presentation. My first question is with regard to the intrastate 
model that you mentioned, where the MoUs are getting signed and the JVs are 
getting signed. What quantum… I remember I think in your slide you are mentioning 
about 37,000 crore of potential by FY32. But would you see this to be more front-
ended or back-ended in terms of winning these projects and execution, etc.?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director 
- Can you repeat what is front-ended?  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- No, what I mean by that is would this come up in the next couple of years or would 
this take a longer period of time?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Yeah, okay. So, the model with Rajasthan is, we are going to have about Rs. 10,000 
Crore worth transmission projects in next 3-4 years. And they have about 2,000 crore 
projects, especially from their solar generation. In next 2-3 months they want to give 
to us about 1,500 to 2,000 crore. So, from 2-3 months to next 3-4 years these 10,000 
crore projects are to be executed or started to be executed. And subsequently, many 
more projects as per them are in pipeline. And the model is that 76-24 i.e. 76% equity 
will be done by POWERGRID… sorry, 26% by them and 74% by POWERGRID. 
Similarly for Andhra also, they are also targeting 10,000 crore. Because, if you see, 
interstate transmission system is coming in a big way. In case interstate transmission 
system is there and intrastate transmission system is not there, then this power 
cannot go smoothly to load centres or to the consumer. We require intrastate 
transmission system. So they cannot wait. Now it is to be done on immediate basis. 
So that is why we are getting requests from Odisha, we are getting requests from 
Andhra, we are getting requests from Assam and UP, for setting up JV companies 
with them.  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- And these would be on regulated ROE basis?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- It will be on regulated, but it will be on state level regulation. It will not be through 
CERC, it will be through SERC.  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- Through the SERC routes. Okay. And the voltage level at which these lines would 
come up would be what, around 400 or 220?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- There will be some 400 also. Even people are talking about 765 kV. But mostly, I will 
say, it will be at 132 and 220 kV level. There will be some at 400 kV level and 765 
kV.  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- So bulk of it is 132 and 220?  

 13
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- 132 and 220.  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- Understood. So second question is with regard to your dividend payout. We have 
been seeing very healthy dividend payouts given that you were surplus on cash. But 
as you move towards an annual CapEx which is probably between 25,000 to 30,000 
crore, would you see the dividend payouts also probably coming off a little bit, 
because you will have pressure on cash?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Not really. Like if we see the profit this year, it is Rs. 15,475 crore. And what I was 
taking that CapEx, it will be about Rs. 17,000 to 20,000 crore. Even if we consider 
Rs. 20,000, so we require only 4,000 crores. 20,000 X 20 so 4,000 crores. So out of 
say 15,475 even if we take out 4,000, still we have more than what we have paid 
dividend this year. So we don't see any reduction in dividend in near future. And 
whatever additional CapEx will be required, we expect that more and more projects 
will be commissioned, and we will have more profit to take care of that CapEx 
requirement.  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- And roughly 20% equity contribution is what you are looking at?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Yeah, normally in TBCB projects we are maintaining about 20% equity.  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- Sir, my final question on a bookkeeping basis, can you also help us with what is the 
regulated equity number that we have as of date?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Regulated equity?  
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- Yeah, on which we earn the regulated ROEs for the regulated part of the business. 
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO: 
 
- No, you see we have like 86,000 we were showing in consol. And then we have 
shown the equity as… like 3,500 as the amount we have put in TBCBs. You deduct 
that and then it will be there. 
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- So this 86,000 is the consolidated?  
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO: 
 
- Consolidated.  
 

 14
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- But within that is there something that is also sitting in cash, work in progress etc. So 
the amount that is actually earning you money?  
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
 
- Not much, that is rolling, I don't think we don't have much idle cash or something like 
that. 
- Mr. Subhadip Mitra – Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
- Okay, I understand. Thank you so much for answering my questions.  
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
- And one small correction in that PPT, like it's not 76-24, it is 74-26, RVPN. Just there 
is a typo.  
- Mr. Atul Tiwari – Citi Research: 
- Sir, I am Atul Tiwari from Citi Research. Sir, just one question on one of the slides 
where you showed outlook till 2032. So, about 2 lakh crore rupees worth of potential 
CapEx in the sector. So, it is fair to assume that this is FY25 to FY32, right? And 
given that now there is a lot of talk about new uses of energy from the data centres, 
which India is beginning to see in a big way… I mean, can you share your thought 
process or what government or the CEA is thinking about kind of revising this 
number? I mean, is there a chance that this number over next 3, 4, 5 years gets 
revised up? And if it happens, what that number could be?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- A very good question. As I told, that these are very conservative figures and we are 
expecting numbers to increase. As per the requirements, especially for green 
hydrogen, data centre and other requirements, maybe EV vehicles… so requirement 
is going to increase. So we are expecting these numbers to be increased. Apart from 
this, as per the Goldman Sach’s report, that say that up to 2050, for energy transition, 
$1.68 trillion are to be spent only in transmission system. So $1.68 trillion, that 
means maybe around 135 to 140 lakh crore are to be spent by 2050 for energy 
transition and for transmission system. So that means number will be much higher 
than what we are projecting now. So, we see a better future as compared to what we 
have shown. 
- Mr. Atul Tiwari – Citi Research: 
- And sir, my second question is on the smart metering initiative that you were involved 
in. What is the status of that? How much money has been spent? Or, is it going 
slow?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Yeah, we have already awarded about 69 lakhs meter for Gujarat, Madhya Gujarat 
and Uttar Gujarat. And about 30,000 meters have been installed. Because this 
metering system is prepaid… earlier days it was postpaid basis, now it is on prepaid 
basis. So, there will be some teething problems. So, we are facing some teething 
problems which are being taken care, especially in software. And very shortly, this 
will be taken care and our progress will improve. So yes, so far, we have been going 
slow comparatively to what we expected earlier. 

 15
- Mr. Atul Tiwari – Citi Research: 
- Any idea about how much money has been spent on that or is that not a big number 
yet?  
- Mr. G. Ravisankar – Director Finance & CFO:  
- Not a big one.  
- Mr. Atul Tiwari – Citi Research: 
- Okay. Thank you. 
- Host: 
- Sir, a quick guidance. We have five more minutes and I think we'll have to wrap up 
very quickly. So last two questions, if possible. Mic here please.  
- Participant: 
- Sir, for the first few years, the TBCB projects that Power Grid had won, we had seen 
an annuity schedule, where for the first 5 years there was a higher number and then 
it fell to a lower number and remained like that. So given that 4-5 years have now 
passed and few initial portfolio assets got transferred to the InvIT, so they are not in 
contention. But for the others, the five-year period might be coming to a close. So, 
does the EBITDA actually for those projects, as it comes to the new annuity, reduced 
annuity base… will that have an impact on the EBITDA earned for the gross block?  
- Shri G. Ravisankar, Director Finance & CFO: 
- No, but actually if you see, we have like 47 now. Two more to acquire, 49. The 
TBCBs you maybe indicating like after if you take out this five which we have given 
for InvIT. Maybe some 7-8 will be there. On an overall basis, if you see, their 
contribution will be very less. And also, like there is a method of quoting year on year 
that there cannot be much variations. Like they have a variation like 1% or something 
can be only varied between year to year. And I don't see any much big drop because 
of that. So, the weightage of that will be hardly seen.  
- Participant: 
- One suggestion is that in your presentations, if you can put a consolidated P&L for 
TBCB subsidiaries, it will be really helpful for us in our analysis. 
- Shri G. Ravisankar, Director Finance & CFO: 
- That is the only thing we have given to you.  
- Participant: 
- Yeah, so that will be really helpful. Thank you.  
- Shri G. Ravisankar, Director Finance & CFO: 
- Okay, well taken.  
- Host: 
- Thank you. One last question over there.  
 

 16
- Participant – Jefferies Asset Management: 
- Yeah, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. This is Koundinya from Jefferies. Sir, just 
want to understand what does the TBCB bid pipeline look like at the moment? And 
also, if you can exclude the three HVDC projects in that and comment a little bit on 
the status of those HVDC projects as well, please? 
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- As you know that almost 1 lakh crore projects are already under bidding, and another 
28,000 to 30,000 crore projects, in the near future, they will be ready for bidding. So 
maybe about 1,30,000 including near future.  
- Participant – Jefferies Asset Management: 
- And the 1 lakh crore includes all the three HVDC projects?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Yeah.  
- Participant – Jefferies Asset Management: 
- And what is the status of the first one? It was supposed to be bid out I think last year 
and it is getting delayed. Any comments on that?  
- Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Chairman and Managing Director: 
- Yeah, OBD was already done on 7th May. Now very shortly, maybe next week or so, 
the reverse auction may be there, it may be scheduled. So very shortly it is going to 
be finalized. 
- Participant – Jefferies Asset Management: 
- Sure sir, thank you very much and all the best.  
- Host: 
- I now invite Mr. Satyaprakash Dash to deliver the vote of thanks.  
- Mr. Satyaprakash Dash – Company Secretary: 
- Thank you. We express our sincerest thanks to all the esteemed investors for coming 
here and attending this conference. We also express our sincere thanks to Chairman 
and all the Directors for sharing the business outlook and performance of the 
POWERGRID. Thank you everybody. Thank you all.  
***END OF TRANSCRIPT*** 
 
