 
 
June 04, 2024 
 
To,  
The General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
 
Scrip code: 540268 
 
To, 
The Manager  
Department of Corporate Compliance 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip code: TRU 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and 
in furtherance to our letter(s) dated May 22, 2024, May 28, 2024 and May 29, 2024, we have 
enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 29, 2024, at 09:30 a.m. 
(IST).  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For TruCap Finance Limited  
 
 
 
Sonal Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
SONAL 
JAGDISH 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SONAL JAGDISH 
SHARMA 
Date: 2024.06.04 
16:42:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
TruCap Finance Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
TruCap Finance Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectation of the company as on date 
of this call. The statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
Today from the management side, we have with us Mr. Rohan Juneja – Managing Director and 
CEO, Mr. Sanjay Kukreja – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Mahendra Kumar Servaiya – Chief 
Risk and Credit Officer and Mr. Gaurav Bhargava – Business Head (Gold Loans). 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Juneja – Managing Director & CEO 
from TruCap Finance Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you very much. Welcome to our Fiscal ‘24 Earnings Call today for whole of fiscal 2024. 
We reported pre-tax earnings of Rs. 122 million, up 68% from Rs. 72 million in fiscal 23. This 
was driven by robust disbursements of Rs. 13.2 billion, up from Rs. 7.3 billion in fiscal 23 and 
Rs. 4.3 billion in fiscal 22. Disbursement growth was driven largely by MSME Gold and business 
loans, which comprise more than 99% of our assets under management today. We disbursed 
1,62,000 loans in whole of Fiscal ‘24, up from 94,000 loans in fiscal 23 and 53,000 loans in 
March 2022 averaging close to 563 loans made per working day. Total active customer count, 
which was 33,000 in March 2022 and 65,000 in March 2023 is up to almost 97,000 customers 
today. Total assets under management, which include on balance sheet loans plus loans that 
we originate for lending as a service partners came in at Rs. 10.3 billion, up from Rs. 5.8 billion 
in the last one year. The product composition of our total AUM today is 64% in gold loans, 35% 
in MSME business loans and less than 1% in LAP and personal loans, which are in run-off mode. 
We opened 58 branches in Fiscal ‘24 for a total branch count of 128 today. 100% of the 58 
branches that have been opened in Fiscal ‘24 were opened in Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 locations. 
More than 85% of our cumulative branch count today are in Tier-2, Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns in 
these states, 71 of these 128 branches broke even in Fiscal ‘24. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
GNPA’s declined to 1.33% from 2.2% in March 2023 and 3.1% in fiscal 22. Collection efficiency, 
which includes prepayments and repayments on gold loans which is a regular feature in the 
business, was more than 500% in the fiscal 4th quarter of FY24. If we were to exclude 
prepayments and part payments on gold loans, collection efficiency has ranged between 88% 
and 92% every month on interest demanded versus interest collected. Importantly on the 8% 
to 12% bounce that is seen in bucket X due to technical reasons. Our goal is to recover at least 
90% of the bounce in the first 30 days itself. We have recently gone live with the new and more 
comprehensive collection module as part of our tech enhancement program, which should 
enhance collection efficiency by at least 2% to 3% points over the course of the next few 
months. Our net interest margin will decline for the first 3 quarters of the fiscal year 24 has 
started showing signs of stabilization. For the full year Fiscal ‘24, our NIM of just under 5% is 
still well below, an expected steady range of 7.5% to 8%. This compression in Fiscal ‘24 came 
largely from the liability side, which we anticipate will start to go in our favor in this fiscal. 
On the asset side, the impact on yields was modest, but we expect this to dissipate as 
competition becomes more rationale post regulatory intervention and gold loans, especially 
from February 2024. Operating expenses were Rs. 911 million, up from Rs. 659 million in fiscal 
23 due to our expanding branch presence. Given that we are now at close to optimal size in 
branch count, OpEx as a percentage of AUM should decline in fiscal 25 and fiscal 26 not just 
due to denominator effect, but due to several efficiency and productivity exercises the 
company has undertaken. 
Now on the more topical discussion on gold loans, since much has been written about it in the 
press from February 2024. In the gold loan vertical, our team has disbursed more than 28.3 
billion cumulatively to over 2,10,000 customers. Gross NPAs in the Gold Loan book are a 
meager 6 basis points. Gold taken to auctions are just over Rs. 166 million for less than 2,300 
customers representing 0.6% of cumulative disbursements. It is noteworthy that we have 
recovered more than 107% of principal and interest due on gold loans which were sold in 
auction and refunded excess amounts to borrowers. On recent RBI guidelines, we would like 
to note that Dhanvarsha gold loans is fully compliant with these norms. 
Coming to the balance sheet, the company has made a few announcements on equity raising. 
The company announced 3 warrant issuances, the first one being Rs. 448.2 million, of which 
Rs. 120 million was received by the company in February 2024. Rs. 400 million of warrants was 
also announced by the company in April 2024 for which shareholders have given their approval 
on May 22nd and the money, which is Rs. 100 million is expected into the company over the 
course of the next 2 weeks. Yesterday, the company also announced a Rs. 600 million warrant 
issuance, of which Rs. 150 million, which is 25% is expected into the company post the AGM 
which is scheduled for June 27th. Post completion of these warrants, which total almost Rs. 1.5 
billion over the course of the next 18 months, the net worth of the company is expected to be 
in excess of Rs. 3.5 billion. 

 
Page 3 of 14 
With that, we now open the call for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Jayakumar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Jayakumar: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. Sir, with respect to the promoter shareholding, I think around 52% of 
the promoter shareholding has been pledged to I think some lenders. So can I know the reason 
for the pledging and so what is the purpose of this pledging sir? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So I would request you to restrict the questions to the company in terms of business 
performance. On the promoter shareholding, the company cannot comment. 
Jayakumar: 
Also one more question. I think as per the recent RBI guidelines, I think we should not disburse 
more than Rs. 20,000 in cash form so previously also we are doing the same or we are 
disbursing more than 20,000 also in cash? 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, there was disbursement of more than 20,000 in cash earlier because that was a grey area 
under Income Tax Act and RBI guidelines. Now it's very clear for the industry that it has to be 
less than Rs. 20,000 and the company is fully compliant with that. 
Jayakumar: 
So I think now we are taking bank account from the customers and we are discussing only in 
the digital format, right? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So less than Rs. 20,000 it can be in cash. If it's more than Rs. 20,000, it has to be in the bank 
account. 
Jayakumar: 
Sir, I think we are operating mainly in the rural and suburban areas. So I think some customers 
might not willing to give their bank accounts to for the loan disbursement. So do you expect 
any sort of decline in disbursement going forward in the rural segment? 
Rohan Juneja: 
We have not seen any decline so far, but it's a very fair question that would there be a decline 
going forward just given the restriction on not being able to disburse cash that is potentially 
possible. I think one of the largest players in the space about 2 years back or so commented on 
this saying that they expect some market share gains for the unorganized sector that is 
potentially possible, but we haven't seen that as yet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashok Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashok Jain: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask, sir, what is that split between secured and unsecured and average 
ticket size for each of this? 

 
Page 4 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
So on the secured part, we have about 65% of the book today that is secured, majority of it is 
by hold. On the average ticket size with gold loan book, average ticket size is 1,20,000. On the 
unsecured fees, the average ticket size is about Rs. 6.5 lakhs. 
Ashok Jain: 
Actually, sir, do we have any additional products that we would offer besides gold? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we have gold loans. We have the unsecured business loan and recently we've launched a 3-
Wheeler Electric vehicle product as well, which is largely for income generating purposes. The 
average ticket size on that loan is about Rs. 1.5 lakh and that we very recently rolled out, its 
fairly small. The book is about Rs. 6.5 crores so far. And we tied up with an OEM and through 
the OEM we've tied up with dealers. 
Ashok Jain: 
And sir, like if we see majority of our branches like we haven't entered South of India. So is 
there any diversification strategy for that? Do we plan to intend? 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, we don't have any intention to go into the Southern India market. That market is very big. 
It's fairly competitive as well. We feel we have developed a good amount of expertise in the 
states that we are in, which are predominantly Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, 
Rajasthan, Delhi NCR, Goa. We will continue to cater towards business in these states, 
whatever additional branch expansion has to come, which will be incremental at the margin, 
will predominantly come now in Rajasthan, Gujarat and parts of Maharashtra. We don't have 
plans to diversify into other states at this point. There is more than enough business in the 
states that we are present in. We are a fairly small player and we're not in the game to go and 
chase market share. We're in the game to go and build out a good and profitable book and in 
the states that we are present in, there is more than enough business to do. 
Ashok Jain: 
And the last question would be if we see that then like an increasing regulatory scrutiny for all 
lending businesses, so how we position for this? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So increasing regulation can be people may perceive it to be fairly cumbersome. You have to 
look at it positively as well that it actually brings about a lot of good actions in the sector as 
well. If you remember, back in 2017, almost every other entity or every other company wanted 
to be an NBFC. Then there was crisis that came out in September 2018. There was a clean out 
of the sector and the rest of the actors that did fairly well were the ones that had solid 
businesses and good balance sheets, good equity investors, good lenders with them. So 
increasing regulation is not always a bad thing. It actually helps clean out a lot of unwanted 
stress in the sector. So we look at it fairly positively. The idea is not to do business for a few 
months or a few years. The idea is to build an institution for the long term. So we welcome it. 
Ashok Jain: 
And if I could just defend one last question. So any ROA, ROE guidance? 

 
Page 5 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
Given the evolving nature of how the industry is today, along with regulations etc., we won't 
want to give any formal guidance. But as we've said in the past that the endeavor is obviously 
to generate close to a 3% plus ROA. The timeframe for that is just given regulation, given 
everything else that's happening in the industry, we don't want to give you a specific timeline 
on that, but obviously the longer term goal for the company is to generate a 3% plus ROA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshal Patel, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshal Patel: 
Now I've finally 2 questions given here. Given the increasing scrutiny on the other industry 
peers, does TruCap planning to engage with the co-lending partners of this peers? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, we are engaging with the co-lending partners on an ongoing basis almost on daily and 
weekly basis. So post February 24 if your question is have co-lending partners engaged with us 
more, the answer to that is yes. What have we done, in any case they had unlimited audit 
rights, they see the business that we write for them and for us because we fund 20% of it on 
our balance sheet. But post that also, they've done a thorough check of our audit process. 
They've gone through certain other things that they wanted some more comfort on and it's 
business as usual, nothing out of the ordinary. 
Harshal Patel: 
Another question is what is the anticipated future cost of funds for the company and also the 
average lending cost as well? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we're funding ourselves at roughly about 13% today on an incremental basis. As we get 
bigger hoping there can be certain developments, especially with new equity infusion that 
we've announced as well. And as that comes into the company, we are hoping that the rating 
agencies take cognizance of that. If there is any positive element towards that effect, then 
we're hoping the incremental cost of funds should come down. Plus, I don't think that's the 
function only of what the company does specifically, but also a function of what's happening 
in the industry as you know, system liquidity is tight at this point in time because there's a 
scramble for deposits. So I think it's a function of not just what the company is doing on an 
individual basis on a micro capacity, but also based on how the macroeconomics play out. We 
are hoping the funding cost for us at peak, but again that is something that we will know better 
over the course of the next 6 months. 
Harshal Patel: 
But as per the guidance, what estimation I can get as per the average lending cost just for 
understanding? 
Rohan Juneja: 
The average yield on the book that we lend to our customers today is about 19%. That's the 
average yield. It's a function of 3 things actually. So one is what we are lending to the customer 
for gold loans. Number 2 is what we are lending to the customer for business loans and number 
3 is what is the yield that we generate from co-lending partners that we do business loans with 

 
Page 6 of 14 
as well where we get a guaranteed yield. So the combination of all these 3 today is about 19%. 
The endeavor for us is not to be a 22%, 23%, 24% lender. That is not the segment that we play 
in, nor is our expertise in that particular product, which is essentially the micro enterprise 
lending product. So that is not our expertise. We will always be between take it 18% to 21% 
range is where we will be from a lending standpoint. 
Harshal Patel: 
One last question. So what will the future outlook like FY25 outlook for the company’s revenue 
and the growth as well? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we have not given formal guidance. I think just given where we are today, what you've seen 
for us is the business has grown fairly strongly both from a disbursement and AUM standpoint. 
Revenues have grown fairly strongly. They're up close to about 62% year-over-year. Profit 
before tax and profit after tax has grown fairly strongly. We won't want to give out any formal 
guidance, but obviously the endeavor from management and the company is that we want to 
continue to do better. There is no formal guidance that the company is giving at this point in 
time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniket Redkar, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
I just want to ask you a couple of questions. So I just wanted to understand in the next 3 to 5 
years or beyond that, are we anticipating any need for any additional equity raise or for the 
equity requirement in the future? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So post these 3 warrant issuances once they're fully completed, the net worth of the company 
will be in excess of Rs. 350 crores. Will we need more equity given our growth profile? The 
answer to that is yes. When do we need that equity? We don't need it imminently. We don't 
need it right away. But just given our growth profile and given the co-lending partners that we 
have, every time they assess us as a co-lending partner, where we are doing business for them 
given the fact that we have to put in 20% of our capital and we have to do sourcing, servicing, 
collection. And there's a volume commitment given to them as well. They measure us from a 
risk standpoint as a percentage of our net worth as well. So we've always said it, the sooner we 
can get too close to Rs. 500 crore net worth or so, the better it is for the company. So do we 
need it imminently right now from a business standpoint, answer to that is no. Do we want to 
get to a Rs. 500 crore network sooner rather than later? The answer to that is yes. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And sir, one more related to this co-lending partner. So what would be our target in future with 
the percentage of AUM, how many more co-lending partners we will be adding? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So I can't give you guidance on how many more co-lending partners on what percentage of the 
book will it be? It will be between 40% to 50%. We are at 43% right now. With the co-lending 
partners that we have today, we have fairly sizable partners in terms of size and how much 

 
Page 7 of 14 
business we can do with them, how much business they want to do with us. With the present 
infrastructure that we have, we can easily cater. We are easily catering towards the volume 
commitment for these business partners which can go higher as well. Do we need to add any 
new co-lending partners at this point in time, the answer to that is no. Are there potential 
discussions, the answer to that is yes. But I think that is a matter of time etc. In terms of do we 
need to add someone at this point in time, we don't really need it. We're very happy with the 
partnerships we have today. In fact, the volume that we can do with them is larger than that 
we are today. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And Sir, I just wanted to understand and wanted to know about the employee count and the 
expenses, the branch wise, I mean average. 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yeah, so every branch has on average 4 people. That's for the Gold Loan business. Now in the 
gold loan branches as well, we have started adding the business loan product, which was not 
there earlier. So there's a separate sales team that caters towards the business loan product 
because we don't want any commingling where the gold loan branch personnel are selling a 
business loan product and obviously the business loan sales personnel cannot sell a gold loan 
product. So as the business loan product gets added to the branches, on average the branch 
will be stuck with about 6 people for both the products 4 for gold and 2 for non-gold. And in 
terms of employee count, on average the branch employees have a salary on a monthly basis 
in the range of between Rs. 20,000 to Rs. 30,000. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And sir, as we know the market conditions, so what would be our plan in future and is there 
any yields are we anticipating in future and do we have any plans in terms of the market 
conditions? 
Rohan Juneja: 
This business as usual for us, I mean I think more than me telling you about the performance, I 
think the performance is reflected in yearly numbers. Revenues have grown 60% plus profit. 
Profit before tax, profit after tax have grown even higher than that. So the endeavor is to 
continue doing better, it's a financial services business. In financial services business for 
anyone, be it an NBFC or bank, it's all about the risk. So it's not about not taking any risk, it's 
about how you mitigate risk. So risk mitigation in terms of ordered compliances, credit that is 
an ongoing process for us on our day-to-day basis. For the industry as a whole, I think the 
regulator has been very prudent with a lot of regulation that has come about in the last few 
years, be it on digital lending, be it on gold loans, be it on several other products. I think this is 
very good for the industry over the long haul and we welcome it. So risk wise, we have to look 
at it on an everyday basis, it is a financial services business. We're looking to build an institution 
here for the long term. So that's part and parcel of what we do every day. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, one last question, are we entering into any new product, the services? 

 
Page 8 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, as part of the business loan product, we've gotten into the 3-wheeler electric vehicle 
segment. That's a fairly small product line for us so far, we've only done close to about Rs. 7.5 
crores of disbursements over there. The pilot that we have run for the last 4 months now has 
been fairly good. So we are seeing very good signs over there for us to make this a bigger 
product, but that will happen fairly slowly given the fact that the average ticket size on this loan 
is very small, it's about Rs. 1.5 lakh. It fits in very well with the existing product that we do with 
the average ticket size of loans that we cater towards the customers, so we are happy seeing 
the pilot which has played out very well, but that will go up slowly. It's not going to go up very 
quickly, so that it will take time to build that book. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Swapan Parikh, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Swapan Parikh: 
So my first question is like is it achievable like for us, can we achieve Rs. 200 crores of disbursal 
by 2025? 
Rohan Juneja: 
On a monthly basis you're talking about? 
Swapan Parikh: 
Yeah, of course. 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we are in our best month in the month of March where we did about Rs. 173 crores. Now 
month of March is always seasonally strong, so I won't use that as a norm and then in the 
month of April, we did close to about Rs. 140 crores of disbursement. The goal is for us to get 
too close to Rs. 200 crore monthly number for disbursements by September of this year. 
Swapan Parikh: 
And also I wanted to ask about since like we have seen, the banks are also now very much 
aggressive in the gold loan space. So can we see that that can affect the NBFCs like our sector 
and NBFC sector? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So banks have always been competitive. It's not that banks have not been competitive. Truth 
be told if you don't see much competition, that is also something to worry about, especially in 
a country like India where there is massive demand, especially for loan products. So one thing 
that I would like to clarify is that the typical customer that gets a gold loan from a bank is quite 
different from the typical customer that we try to source that comes into our branches. So 
there's a big differentiation over there. #2, the customer who goes into a bank for the loan is a 
lot savvier, has dealt with the deal, has dealt with banks the time it takes with banks etc., has 
multiple accounts open with banks and used to borrowing at a slightly lower rate. You know, 
dealing with certain other nuances, like having to wait for a little more time, paying for a locker 
charge, paying a processing fee etc. Our customers very different. The customer wants to be in 
and out of the branch within 20 to 25 minutes. Has an urgent need for money, be it for the 
business or for other retail purposes and cares about the convenience of having to come back 
to the branch, can do a part payment, part release, can leave one ornament while taking the 

 
Page 9 of 14 
other without having to close both the loans. So a lot of those nuances come into our customer 
that comes into our branches, so completely different customer profile to great extent. Is that 
segment also competitive, answer is yes. Now the question over here is how do you retain the 
customer because in the gold finance business, that's the most important differentiator at least 
in our view given the fact that it's a fast churn product. So how you can retain the customer, 
what kind of benefits you offer them? Most importantly, what kind of customer service you 
offer them? Because customer service is very easy to say but very hard to do. 
Swapan Parikh: 
Also wanted to ask what is company’s target fee income timeline? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we've not given any specific target on any line items. The only line item that we've said we 
want to achieve over the course of the next few years from an ROA standpoint is 3 plus percent. 
Swapan Parikh: 
So now there is this thing like in Punjab, lot of people are getting out of, the branches are not 
being in getting out of Punjab. So what are we looking at that? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we only have a limited number of branches there and the only product that we cater 
towards in Punjab is a gold loan product. We've seen good signs. In fact, the book over there 
that's built up over the course of the last one year, we opened our first branch in Punjab in 
April 2023 in Jalandhar and then in Ludhiana. So what we've seen over there is that the branch 
performance is relatively good even when you compare it to some of the other regions that we 
operate in. Is it best in class? Answer to that is no, it's that's not the kind of market, but the 
only product we do is gold loans and the performance that we've seen from the branches we've 
opened over there are fairly good. Are we going to open more branches there? The answer to 
that is no. The additional branches if we open and when we open will be in Gujarat, Rajasthan 
and parts of Maharashtra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Neha Jain: 
I just wanted to check on as per our number of branches, how many branches that have 
breakeven as of now? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So 71 branches of the 128 made a profit in Fiscal ‘24. That's for Fiscal ‘24 on a cumulative basis, 
that number is 58 branches. 
Neha Jain: 
Sir related to our LAAS exposure, it has been growing in the last 2 quarters, just trying to 
understand how do we foresee in this financial year and for the next financial year, what is the 
potential that we can generate from this side of the business that is one question. And the 
second question supporting LAAS portfolio is related to the fee structure that we have as of 
now just like to understand? 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sure. So on LAAS, that was an emphasis that we started from August 2021 when we tied up 
with Central Bank of India. Post that it took us about 15 to 16 months to actually get all the 
modalities correct because there's a lot of nuances in the LAAS business which include not just 
tying up with the partner, not just trying to agree on product policy and process, but also 
integration reconciliation etc., which is a fairly arduous task, so. Today we have 7 partners. The 
LAAS book is about 43% of total AUM and as I mentioned earlier in my comments, it will be 
between 40% to 50% even over the long term, it's not going to be over that. So the business 
there is going fairly well. I think knock on wood, we have fairly very good partners and strong 
partners like HDFC Bank, DCB Bank, Central Bank of India, Ugro Capital, Ratnaafin, Shivalik 
Small Finance Bank. So our partners are fairly good. Can we do more business for them? The 
answer to that is absolutely yes. Longer term, it will continue to be between 40% to 50%. The 
way partnerships work over there is 80% is funded on their balance sheet, 20% we fund on our 
balance sheet. We are the front page for the customer, the sourcing, servicing collection gets 
done by us. There's a hurdle rate that gets paid to the large capital provider. We get paid spread 
over and above that hurdle rate. So the difference between what is lent to the customer, the 
rate and the rate that we pay the lending bank for the 80% that spread we keep and we keep 
the entire yield on the 20% of the money that is lent on our balance sheet, that's how the 
economics work. And obviously there's a split on the PF, there's a split on other charges etc., 
which is from lender to lender. 
Neha Jain: 
And just one last question, what is the cost of fund that we expect for the current year to be? 
Rohan Juneja: 
We are funding ourselves at about 13% right now, ma'am. As I mentioned earlier, we're not 
giving guidance on any specific line items, but our hope is that as we get bigger and hopefully 
if there's any improvement etc. and our credit rating profile from the rating agencies, we could 
see a decline in cost of funds. But we don't have a specific number in mind that we could give 
out as a target just because it's not just dependent on micro events that happened within the 
company. It also depends on the macroeconomic environment where system liquidity matters 
a lot. And at this point in time, system liquidity is somewhat tight. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nihal Gupta, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihal Gupta: 
So yeah, considering the significant reduction in LAP loans, can we now say that the gross non-
performing assets from the gold loan portfolio is negligible? 
Rohan Juneja: 
Yes, the gross NPAs and the gold loan portfolio are about 6 basis points for whole of Fiscal ‘24. 
Nihal Gupta: 
And do we have any sort of projected timeline for the next round of debt funding for our 
company? 

 
Page 11 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
Sir, debt funding is an ongoing exercise. It happens on a monthly basis for us, so that is an 
ongoing exercise. There is fresh debt that we avail to enhance our growth prospects and there's 
current repayment of existing debt which is there on the existing book of ours. So that is an 
ongoing exercise. It's literally a day by day, week by week, month by month process that we 
do. 
Nihal Gupta: 
And given our products and services, if we compare ourselves from our competitors, especially 
banks and other large NBFCs, what will be our unique value proposition if you can give insights 
on that? 
Rohan Juneja: 
I would say one is customer service and the ability to retain a customer. Obviously many of the 
other competitors also have it. I think the industry overall focuses a lot on customer experience 
and customer service, but I think the kind of customers that we serve and the geographies that 
we serve them and we do a fairly okay job there. That's one. Number 2 is we've laid a lot of 
emphasis on building out the LAAS vertical of co-lending as it's called. And there, tying up with 
marquee institutions like HDFC Bank, DCB Bank, Central Bank of India and many others. That's 
not that easy. In fact, it's maybe slightly easier to even tie up with someone, but then to do 
business on an ongoing basis and scale that up substantially, that is not easy. So I think that is 
another part that we put a lot of emphasis in and we've done fairly well. And I think the third 
part is the team, the team that's been put together, we all are fairly driven individuals, we are 
also owners in the company through an ESOP and through a retention program. So I think that 
is a big differentiator as well because that's what drives us to make this hopefully make this 
into an institution over the long term. 
Nihal Gupta: 
Thank you for that. But last question, as we speak of our customers, so is there any specific 
customer segments that we are targeting or if we are planning to acquire or retain customers, 
do we have any specific plans on that aspect? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we cater towards a specific set of customers in those geographies that we are in. So most 
of the geographies that we cater towards are non-urban locations, that's one. Sectorally, 
specifically we focus on customers that are in businesses which include Home Office retail, 
Home Office non-retail. So these are manufacturers, wholesalers of certain kind of products 
like wood, garments, textiles etc. Also on the medical supply chain industry on certain parts of 
auto. So those are the specific sectors that we cater towards. Now how we retain them that is 
what I believe is our secret sauce that I would not want to specifically spell out on a public call, 
but it's what we do towards retaining customers in these sectors and how we try to make a 
more or a differentiator for ourselves that helps us retain these customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Rohan Mehta: 
Most of the questions have been answered. I just wanted to get your take on 3-wheeler EV 
vehicles. What kind of yield and AUM does this product get and what could be the addressable 
market size for this? If you could give some color on that sir? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So the yield on this product ranges anywhere between 18% to 23%-24%. We do it in a range of 
between 18% to 22%. The market size is fairly big. I cannot give you a target AUM. The reason 
being that we've just piloted this now for the last 4 months and it's very specific geography 
wise. So for instance, we don't do this in Maharashtra. We don't do this in some of the other 
geographies that we are in. It's there largely in Delhi NCR and then also now in Madhya Pradesh 
that we'll be rolling this out. How big is this market is fairly big, but the AUM growth for this 
will not be exclusive. It will take some time. The reason being that the average ticket size on 
this is about 1.4 to 1.5 lakhs. That's number one. Number 2 also is we don't want to do 
something that is parabolic growth, right. We want to see how the vintage of this book 
develops over a period of time and how every single vintage performs. So we're doing this on 
a fairly very good pace right now just given where we are. Like I mentioned, the book is about 
Rs. 6.5 crores. We funded close to little more than that. Book is closed at about Rs. 7 crores. 
We funded these vehicles and the performance so far is very good. So we're very encouraged, 
but again the AUM growth on this will not be parabolic. It will take time. We are still taking a 
fairly cautious stance given the fact that it's a fairly new sector for us. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Fair enough. So the impact of this on our P&L would start reflecting maybe by the first or second 
quarter of this fiscal? 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, it's fairly small. Obviously, the P&L impact in terms of, it's not going to move the needle on 
the P&L from an income standpoint. I think it will start becoming substantial from an income 
standpoint or somewhat substantial only towards the latter half of this year, not before that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayakumar, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Jayakumar: 
Sir, this gold loan product or this gold is keeping in your lockets only or we are hypothecated 
to the bank? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So we keep all the gold in our branches. 
Jayakumar: 
So we don't have any lending agreements for this gold, right for the banks? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So when lenders give you money, you give them receivables. So the receivables are 
hypothecated with the lenders, but the gold stays with us. 
Jayakumar: 
So all the gold loan book, it is completely own book, right? It's not off-book correct? 

 
Page 13 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
So in gold loans, we do it with co-lending partners, what we call lending as a service. So we do 
that with HDFC Bank, DCB Bank and Central Bank of India. 
Jayakumar: 
So is this BC partnerships or? 
Rohan Juneja: 
No, these are co-lending partnerships, BC partnership that we have in gold is with Shivalik Small 
Finance Bank. So that 100% of the gold that gets originated is for Shivalik Small Finance Bank. 
We don't contribute any capital towards that. 
Jayakumar: 
Sir, for this 80:20 partnerships bank, so how this agreement will work, Sir? So if the interest 
payment not received from the customer, let's suppose our monthly collection efficiency 
almost 90%. So but we need to pay to the bank fully right and 100% we need to pay to the 
bank, right? 
Rohan Juneja: 
The risk is Pari passu. So it's 80:20, 80% their contribution, 20% is our contribution. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akash Sharma from JP Finance. Please go 
ahead. 
Akash Sharma: 
So, Sir, there are a couple of questions I want to ask that is there any intention of the company 
to increase their product portfolio like venturing into some other products apart from gold? 
Rohan Juneja: 
We have gold loans. We have the unsecured business loan and we have now a 3-wheeler 
electric vehicle product. In the business loans, we are contemplating and we are piloting certain 
other anchor based finance products or supply chain finance product but that is part of the 
business loan portfolio. There is no plan of us to go into any other product segment like 
affordable home loans, smaller ticket LAP or anything. We are not planning to do any of that 
right now. 
Akash Sharma: 
And so what would be the yield on these products specifically on gold and business loans? 
Rohan Juneja: 
On the gold loan products, we lend anywhere from 12% to 21%, the average yield on that 
product today is just over 19%. On the business loan product, we do it 2 ways. One is what we 
do with our own sourcing, be it through our branches, be it through our own direct selling team 
DST, be it through association networks etc. there the yield on average is about 21%. And we 
also do it through other smaller co-lending partners who do a micro enterprise lending product 
where we get an 18% yield and we also get a first loss default guarantee. So that's the yield on 
these products and the 3-wheeler EV product is anywhere between. It's fairly new for us, but 
it's anywhere between 18% to 22%. 
Akash Sharma: 
And for these business loans, do we offer any risk based schemes or is there any different 
mechanism in place that we go through? 

 
Page 14 of 14 
Rohan Juneja: 
I didn't understand what you say do we offer risk based yields? Can you elaborate on that? 
Akash Sharma: 
Yes sir. So I mean there are different types of yields, right. So do we offer any risk based yields? 
Rohan Juneja: 
So everything is a risk based yield only for us because when our credit team does the 
assessment post sales bringing in a file, the yield that is offered to a customer, if a customer is 
eligible is based on the risk that we see because even if a file is approved, there are certain 
parameters or certain other risk parameters that we will look at, right. Even when you disperse 
the file to them, so everything is a risk based yield. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Rohan Juneja: 
Thank you to everyone to join our Fiscal ‘24 earnings call and we look forward to talking to 
everyone in July or August on our next quarter earnings call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of TruCap Finance Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
