 
 
 
 
 
 
May 27, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532531 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limit
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: STAR 
Dear Madam/ Sirs, 
 
Sub:   Earnings Call transcript pertaining to audited Financial Results for the quarter  
and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
Ref: 
Earning Call held on May 22, 2024 pertaining to audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
With reference to the above, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on May 22, 2024. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.strides.com/investor-annualreport.html  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanks & Regards, 
 
For Strides Pharma Science Limited, 
 
 
 
Manjula R 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No. A30515 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
MANJU
LA R
Digitally signed 
by MANJULA R 
Date: 2024.05.27 
16:23:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Strides Pharma Science Limited 
Q4 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
1. MR. ARUN KUMAR  
– FOUNDER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON &          
      MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
2. MR. BADREE KOMANDUR  
–   MANAGING DIRECTOR DESIGNATE 
 
 
 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS CONSULTANT:    MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL  
 
 
 
 
 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Strides Pharma Science Limited Q4 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Abhishek. Thank you, and over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek: 
Thanks. A very good afternoon and thank you for joining us today for Strides earnings call for 
the fourth quarter and full year ended financial year 2024. Today, we have with us Arun, 
Founder, Executive Chairperson; and Badree, Managing Director Designate to share the 
highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. I hope you've gone through our results 
release and the quarterly investor presentation, which have been uploaded on our website as well 
as stock exchange website. The transcript for this call will be available in a week's time on the 
company's website. 
 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed into 
the risk pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Arun to make his opening comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you, Abhishek, and good afternoon, good evening to everybody joining us today for our 
earnings call. It's an honour to talk to all of you, especially on completion of what FY '24 has 
been, an exceptional year for Strides. We came back strongly from a difficult FY '22, announced 
publicly a reset strategy. And I'm very delighted to announce today that not only have we 
completed all what we aimed to achieve in our reset, we have done most of those much ahead 
of time, and we are now very delighted the way we are now positioned for future growth. 
 
It's been a pleasure leading this company. We have made some announcements today, which we 
will talk briefly. I continue to be the Executive Chairman of the company, and I will be on all 
the calls going forward. But having said that, we are building the future Strides for the next 
decade. And I'm delighted to have with me today, Badree, who's been a long-standing CFO and 
Executive Director, as our MD designate, and our colleagues in the room who could address 
some of the questions. 
 
Overall, it's not often that the company gave guidance or an outlook with it because we were 
operating under difficult circumstances. And we continue to do that for the next year because 
we have OneSource announced. So, it was important that we guide investors of where the 
business is going. 
 
So, if you look at the FY '24 performance, this has been our highest -- this has been our best 
year, both for revenues and absolute EBITDA. So also, the best quarter. We have been very, 
very focused on optimization of our business on cost containment, opex leverage and also 
growth. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
It's been a very pleasant outcome. Like I said, we have achieved all our outlook, including debt, 
far ahead of our scheduled 3x debt-to-EBITDA ratio, bolstered by the high end range of the 
EBITDA that we achieved. And of course, we have also completed our network optimization 
across the company. We now believe the reset and the cost-effective strategies have been 
complete. 
 
Growth investments started a few quarters ago. And you will see a very different Strides with 
product profiles and approvals in the next year or so. We are obviously delighted with a very 
critical approval this morning that we received for the US, Sucralfate. We're also happy that it 
just adds to our basket of over 35 products that we are almost the sole Indian player. 
 
This strategy has played out for us for many years, but we have now recently started adding 
products of larger value and size. We're delighted that our market share is Suprep. We have been 
a very quick-to-market player in that product, which is very contrary to our strategy of launching 
products at a very appropriate time when we get the right price, and we are sure of the right 
market share. That strategy will continue. 
 
And I will now briefly take all of you through some of the highlights. Revenues were shade 
under $500 million. The all markets grew. Our key focus market -- our new growth markets have 
grown exceptionally well. Most of you know that we have a small business in the institutional 
segment. That business has impacted in the last financial year by low allocation of tenders. This 
resulted in kind of new take performance in FY '24, but I'm now pleased to announce that we 
see a significantly higher allocation on this program for the next two years and you'll see more 
upticks in this part of the business in the second half. 
 
Importantly, we have secured very significant product approvals. So I am guiding the investors 
and analysts and individuals who follow us to note that FY '25 will have -- will continue to be 
an important year, but significant growth will come only in H2 because a lot of new product 
approvals and launches are expected only in that period. 
 
What is also important for us in the last 2 years was consistency. And unlike our first avatar we 
have consistent quarters of revenues. Gross margin was very, very consistent in a tight space 
between 59% and 60%. This is almost a 12% uptick from where we started. EBITDA margins, 
nicely moving up from 16% to 19.3%. We would like to get to our historical 21% EBITDA in 
the next year or so, and there's some more work that is happening that will ensure that we get 
there. 
And adjusted PAT has been increasing steadily, and we have a adjusted PAT of around INR200 
crores for former business, and that is something we can discuss later. But Stelis reported its 
first-ever quarter where it had a breakeven, as we guided. We expect Stelis to be profitable 
division in this financial year with all the business that we've won, and we continue to win in 
that space. I'll come to that in more details. 
But quick highlight events, the US market. We guided for $250 million at the higher end of the 
outlook. We are very delighted to be bang on target. We had a very weak flu season. Most of 
you know that our Q3 and Q4 are very significant quarterly markets because of flu products, but 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
it was a very poor year for flu for us. But we were fortunate to have Generic Suprep launched 
during this period. And we are now in pole position with market share on this product, the 
contracts that we won. So we're very happy that some of that negativity on the negative offsets 
on flu products were made up by new product launches. Although, we have a lot of products 
approved. Our calibrated approach to pricing, market share right time to launch is what we'll 
continue. And we have guided that we'll get to a $400 million size in the next 2 to 3 years. We 
believe the US market will continue to be an important part of our business strategy. But with 
this disciplined approach, which is very differentiated with both products and go-to-market. I'm 
also pleased to let you know that we are now considered amongst the more compelling generic 
providers for reliability and we have a service level of 99%, which is considered to be gold 
standards in the industry. So our focus has been on customer advocacy, right pricing, right 
availability of product. We have the lowest failure to supply. Now this is now sub-$200,000 for 
a $250 million business, which is the lowest in the industry. And we're very delighted with all 
the enablers that I've got about driving the US business. We'll continue with this focus.  
But let me also announce here that we have started investing very heavily on newer technologies 
and portfolio beyond the $400 million generic mark as we focus on more complex generics. We 
just announced a partnership for nasal sprays in controlled substances. We will have our first 
filing in this financial year and the first 505(b)(2) will probably be filed somewhere middle of 
next financial year. And there will be several more activities in building a portfolio both in-
licensing and partnering and also developing in-house capabilities. So we are -- I mean, earlier, 
we did mention that we have 60 products that meet our criteria of margins. We continue to stay 
invested with that theory, but we take more time to launch those products and just to be sure that 
our disciplined approach is not compromised. We also see a lot of stability in the US. market. 
So I think the timing is also fine.  
As far as the other regulated markets we have had three consistent, although the market grew by 
19%, almost 20%. We had three consistent quarters of 40 million. To most of you who follow 
us we build consistency before we focus on levering that. You will see similar numbers for the 
first one or two quarters in FY '25, but then you will see significant growth in the second half in 
the other reg markets as we have got to be partnered our products. But as you know in Europe 
and other markets it takes time when new partner products for a partner to launch products.  
Typically, our partners are global or national champions and therefore they take a little more 
time than normal if we were going to market.  
Our access market, I mentioned that in my brief summary, but our growth markets are growing 
very nicely. It's grown almost by about 25%. And of course, on a low base and that will continue 
to deliver very strong growth in the coming years. 
 
We committed to debt to EBITDA under three. Pleased to announce that we are now 2.72x of 
the outlook. The schemes with OneSource enables us to push down debt of INR300 crores into 
OneSource and we had a very significant free cash flow of almost INR700 crores that means 
almost 95% of our EBITDA-to-cash conversion ratio. We now have one of the industry-leading 
cash-to-cash cycle times and we'll continue focusing on these elements as we improve our free 
cash generation. We target to reduce our debt by an additional INR500 crores after spending 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
almost INR200 crores in capex this year. We do not intend to achieve any of this with new 
borrowings. Consequently, we are now guiding FY '25 for debt to EBITDA under 2x.  
Pleasing, of course, is the ratio, so our key balance sheet ratios. Our ROCE especially has grown. 
Our exit run rate at 15% is pleasing. We have very ambitious targets around that. We have a 
gross block to asset turnover of almost 5x that again many of you will appreciate its industry 
leading. We'll continue to sweat our assets by smart product selection, technology improvements 
and automation that is our opex cost.  
So before I conclude on Strides and open the house for questions, a quick note OneSource. We 
have now received the name OneSource as official, Stelis is now called OneSource. OneSource, 
on completion, offers NCLT process will be India's first platform CDMO. We have 40 unique 
logos day one. We have 17 GLP partners including several first-to-file and sole exclusive players 
who are our partners. We believe that we are in a very strong position with our capabilities in 
drug product devices.  
 
Our erstwhile injectables business in CDMO business and the soft gelatine business the 
incoming two businesses into OneSource and met a 100% of its EBITDA of FY '24. FY '25 will 
be similar with very marginal growth, and that is because we expect more product approvals in 
both these divisions only towards the last quarter of FY '25. 
 
We are pleased to confirm advise that we have now received as of late last night, all our 
approvals including that from the SEBI, for the scheme to now go on to the NCLT and we will 
now commence our NCLT filing in the next couple of weeks and we will keep all of you updated 
on progress. 
 
Before I hand over the – I mean take questions we have made some changes. We have two very 
significant Directors who have played very important roles in our company, Mr. Bharat Shah 
and Mr. Sridhar both Independent Directors retiring. Consequently, we are very delighted to 
announce today the appointment of Subir Chakraborty onto our Board. Subir for those of you 
who may know him was very recently, the CEO of Exide and has played a very significant role 
in creating significant value there with strong operational experience prior to his CEO role. We 
are all excited to have Subir onboard and benefit from his experience. 
 
We will also add Aditya Kumar on to the Board. Aditya, for full disclosure, is my son. He's been 
in the company for the last 10 years and he will join us as an Executive Director. Both are 
obviously subject to shareholder approvals. Consequently, and like I mentioned while I continue 
to be the Executive Chairman and will continue to play a significant role in setting the next level 
of Strides.  
I already announced my pleasure of having Badree as my colleague and Managing Director and 
CEO of the company. 
 
I'm also very pleased to announce that Vikesh, who started his career at Strides grew up the 
ranks with his brilliance and execution capabilities, to be our new group CFO and I'm sure that 
this new changes and additions not only we add strength to what we have done in the last 2 years, 
but we are building the future for Strides. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
 
My apologies for a slightly longish introduction but given that we are a little bit exuberant with 
what we have done please pardon our indulgence.  
I did talk about the FY '25 outlook, but for completeness, we expect to grow 12% to 15%. Bulk 
of the growth will come in H2. We expect EBITDA margins to be about INR950 crores to 
INR1,000 crores. I did mention that we expect the soft gelatine business to be soft in terms of 
EBITDA. And that is because we had two very big approvals in FY '24 mainly Icosapent and 
Cyclosporine where we are taking significant market share and new product approvals are 
already expected in FY '26, but we still will do a small growth over the USD20 million EBITDA 
that we achieved.  
Consequently, the retained business will deliver approximately INR750 crores to INR800 crores 
of EBITDA and we have that run rate already now. So we should be comfortable in growing 
that from the INR800 crores exit run rate to about INR950 crores to INR1,000 crores. 
 
We expect free cash to continue to be a focus of the company and we would end the year with a 
net debt of under 2 and at which time we think that we would be in a very, very strong position 
to be debt-free in 3 years to 4 years from thereon.  
We are guiding the US business to be approximately in the range of $285 million to $300 million. 
It's a tight range, but we are confident with approvals like Suprep and Icosapent and Sucralfate 
today. These would still allow us to give away market share and we are challenged and yet grow 
the business without compromising the margin. So thank you all and happy to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Vishal from Systematix. Please go ahead.  
Vishal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. With respect to the US, can you share some colour on how Suprep 
is doing for you in terms of market share? And have you scaled up to the full potential, or is 
there further ramp-up possible here? 
Arun Kumar: 
So typically, Vishal in products like Suprep where there are three, four players, we are very 
happy at the 25% to 30% market share. And I can tell you, as we speak, that we are at that spot 
already. 
Vishal: 
Okay. So we should not see further ramp-up from Suprep going forward? You need new 
approvals to ramp up from here? 
Arun Kumar: 
We don't need new approval for Suprep, but we typically -- when it's a three, four market player, 
we typically are satisfied with the 25% to 30% market share that’s the philosophy. 
Vishal: 
And second on OneSource, we talked about a GLP-1 that is going to supply to customers. Is that 
GLP-1 already commercialized? Or it’s in clinical stages that you will be supplying? 
Arun Kumar: 
One of the GLPs, one of our partners have gone through – is expecting approvals, and we expect 
our first commercial supplies of GLP to commence in this financial year. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
Good afternoon. Continuing this OneSource – question on OneSource. So this CSA, we have 
gotten for GLP-1, it’s for Liraglutide, if my understanding is correct. And this -- if you can 
correct me on that if I'm wrong. And this is expected to come in H2 or in H1? 
Arun Kumar: 
H2 the product is correct. 
Aman Vij: 
Okay. So we have like 15, 16 different projects. And out of this, only one CSA you are expecting 
in FY '25, not more than one? Or just -- 
Arun Kumar: 
Our work on GLPs are on Wegovy and Ozempic. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, yes. But I believe we have six in -- 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, and they are all patented till '26. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, sir I believe we have six in -- right? Only one of our customers are commercializing this 
year, rest maybe in FY '26. 
Arun Kumar: 
I do not know where you get this information. We do not give how many customers for each 
programs in any of our conversations. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir. You have shared all this information in one of your PPTs, so just wanted to clarify on 
that part. Anyway, on -- 
Arun Kumar: 
We have one customer who's expected approval. We may get every other customer's approvals 
too, but one customer has already started work on the commercialization of --. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi thanks for taking my question. And Congratulations on a very strong finish to the year. Two 
questions. One is on the US business. The point that you mentioned about -- so our intent grow 
the business beyond $400 million in terms of some of the newer activities that you're trying to 
get in. How are you -- how should we think about our US business evolution, it gets to $400 
million the next three years? And then how do we see it going from thereon? 
Arun Kumar: 
Thanks, Nitin. So what we're saying is that the current strategy of niche limited competition kind 
of limits our growth to $400 million. That's our aspirational growth. We are now very confident 
we can achieve that. Maybe we can add a few tens of millions of dollars additionally, but it's not 
something that can double from $400 million. For us to continue to benefit from the US market 
opportunity, we have to be differentiated with either a platform technology or leveraging our US 
manufacturing activities. Which has got very specific capabilities around control substances, 
laser space, very complex device, liquids manufacturing, which can only be made in the US. 
And that requires capabilities, which are currently beyond what we have in India. And that is 
what we are currently investing globally with partners and sometimes we do it ourselves, both 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
here in India and more US eventually. And that set of products are typically in the $40 million 
to $50 million opportunity range. 
 
So from the evolution standpoint, you'll notice that our original strategy in the US was when we 
had a $3 million to $4 million product average. The last few approvals have taken that ticket up 
to an average of $20 million. And now we are building portfolios in the $40 million to $60 
million range. So, it's been a kind of -- it's not tactical, but a more stated strategy that is just 
playing out, and it takes it us time payout. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly, on the other end markets, we've been actually very positive on this space. Is there 
any -- are there any particular reasons why the traction has not been as much as you probably 
expected at the start of the year? 
Arun Kumar: 
No, it's still grown at 20%, but it's important to note that our Other Regulated Markets is almost 
B2B, right? So when we play with -- when we license our products to global players, and it takes 
time for them to launch the product because they typically launch 15 to 20 countries at the same 
time. And therefore, the launch period is much longer. And that's about it. Like I said, in H2, 
you will see these numbers changing quite significantly upwards. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And lastly, on OneSource, the drug device play out -- I mean, will begin to play out that 
part of the business Liraglutide starting off and then Semglutide as and when patent will expire. 
The other pieces of the business, especially around biologics CDMO, I mean, how should we 
think about that piece and how that will evolve in terms of scale and size as we go through? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, we are winning. So as you know, our drug substance capability is really established about 
six months ago. I'm now actually pleased to report that we have won our first major NCE contract 
there. And we keep winning business. So we are adding new customers every month across the 
platforms. Of course, everybody is excited about the GLPs, but our focus on non-GLP is as 
intense as it should be for a CDMO. So we are winning a lot of business in non-GLP programs, 
too. Overall, we have guided $400 million of revenues, three years from the time of listing of 
OneSource if I'm not mistaken in the last updates. We are very much on track to get there, both 
the GLP and non-GLP programs. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
 
Thank you, sir. 
Arun Kumar: 
 
Thank you, Nitin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Praful Bohra from InCred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Praful Bohra: 
Yes. Hi team. Congratulations. Just two questions on the US business. So first, the guidance of 
$285 million to $300 million, which is around 15% - 20% growth. So here, what kind of price 
erosion are you building? 
Arun Kumar: 
Well, the US business is not a function of price erosion for us is that when we are challenged 
heavily, we exit the product. So we just get off a product. And if you look at IMS, you'll see us 
not in products that we were there last year if we are being challenged on pricing. So we don't 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
have -- so because we have the luxury, Praful, of several ANDAs is that it's -- at the cusp of 
being launched. We have a very differentiated way of modelling our US business. And I have 
been consistently telling for four years that we do not have a price erosion. For this reason, not 
because we are not challenged, but when we are challenged, we let go. I mean rational challenge, 
we keep. Irrational challenge, we let go. 
Praful Bohra: 
Sure. And secondly, on the endo portfolio, what proportion of the pending ANDAs are still 
viable to be launched? And would any of the ANDAs be significant from our perspective? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, of course. Our number 1 selling product now is an endo product. I mean, endo portfolio 
product. So we probably have one more product that we will launch this year from the endo 
portfolio, which will have an exit run rate almost similar to our number 1 product. We now -- 
the endo P&L itself is a profitable P&L after two difficult years and a significantly profitable 
P&L on a standalone basis. 
 
We have a lot of products. I would say 10 to 15 products at least on the endo portfolio that will 
meet our criteria. But these products in the U.S., we are constrained by the speed in which we 
can launch these products because we only have the capacity to launch three or four new 
products a year. And we then pick and choose which are the best ones in our lot. But like I said, 
our number 1 product in the U.S. now is an endo product. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
So we have guided about 12% to 15% growth this year. So that is in preview of all the product 
launches that we are planning, right? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. 
Aditya Sen: 
So this will -- the guidance will be same for FY'26 and '27, if I'm not wrong? 
Arun Kumar: 
Why would that be the same? 
Aditya Sen: 
Because we have around 60 product launches scheduled for the next two, three years, so we... 
Arun Kumar: 
Aditya, our product is not equal to revenues, right? A product can be $4 million, a product can 
be $20 million. So that's not a good benchmark for you to do our model. We have guided $400 
million over the next three to four years. We are growing at 15%. If you continue doing that, 
we'll do that in three years, right? The math is very simple. 
Aditya Sen: 
All right. Thank you for correcting me rather. And also in OneSource, can you please mention 
how are we planning to achieve such targets? Will it be again product-driven or do we have 
other strategies there? 
Arun Kumar: 
So we already have contracts signed, right? So we only need our partners to get approvals. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Intelsense Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
My first question is, can you please tell me what is the capacity for GLP-1 across OneSource... 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Rupesh, can you just speak up or you on a speaker phone or something? We can't hear you well. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Sir, my first question is what is our capacity for GLP-1 across OneSource network, 
manual injectors, auto injectors, I mean if you can give some color on that? 
Arun Kumar: 
Our drug device combinations are about 40 million unit capacity and we will complete an 
expansion in FY'26 to take it to 200 million units. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
And this 40 million, what kind of gross block it is? And what kind of revenue we can…? 
Arun Kumar: 
We can't get into those details. You can send us a note these are two granular details to give on 
an investor call. And we can then respond to you specifically. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And then I also wanted some color technically to that, how does the billing work in this 
GLP because we are going to create a final drug device but the drug comes from our sponsor 
and the device will come from somebody else. So how does the billing works in this? 
Arun Kumar: 
Our revenue of CDMO is 100%, everything else is pass through. Our partner pays for everything. 
We only -- when we say our revenue could be $300 million or $200 million in the biologics 
division, not in the soft gel and injectables division, then if we do $100 million in biologics, 
$100 million is our gross margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sandeep Dixit from Ārjav Partners. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Dixit: 
Just wanted a clarification. In your opening comments, one of your sentences after you 
mentioned the guidance of EBITDA of INR950 crores to INR1,000 crores. Can you give any 
guidance for the standalone entity or rather the retained business in Strides? 
Arun Kumar: 
750 to 800. 
Sandeep Dixit: 
In which the numbers are not adding and that's the reason I asked. You have said $60 million 
and the guidance on OneSource... 
Arun Kumar: 
You are not reading our deck properly, Sandeep. The $60 million has got three divisions. What 
is going from Strides is $20 million. That's all. Everything else is coming from other parts which 
are getting merged. 
Sandeep Dixit: 
Right. Perfect. 
Arun Kumar: 
On the 950 to 1,000, you have to only minus $20 million. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Arun, just clarifying, you mentioned the increased capacity for the drug-device combination to 
be 100 million or 200 million? 
Arun Kumar: 
200 million. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Almost 5x? 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, we were taking off 100 million, Nitin, when we spoke 3 quarters, but we currently with the 
contracts that we have signed up and looking at the success of some of our partners in their 
litigation and poll position status, we are obliged to double our capacity to 200 million. So yes, 
we're going 5x. And we'd rather do it at one go because equipment cost is not the most -- is the 
most expensive part, but the lead time for equipment are too long in this. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And where does it place you in terms of rather with this capacity in the various drug device 
CDMO players? 
Arun Kumar: 
We do not have specifics of our competitive landscape, but I would assume top 5. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And secondly, on our Strides business, we've done a pretty decent job on controlling our 
overhead costs, optimizing our cost structure, the whole last several quarters. I mean, do you 
still see opportunities for optimizing the costs further from here on, leading to further expansion 
of margins over the next 2, 3 years? 
Arun Kumar: 
Like I said, Nitin, we probably have about 200 to 250 basis points of margin expansion through 
cost improvements and completion of network optimization. And that is why we said our dream 
goal is to get to our 21.5% peak EBITDA percentage-wise. And we think we can do that in the 
next 12 to 16 to 18 months. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. And with the strategy that you're following in the business, what is your assessment ex of 
the soft gelatine business what sort of a peak profitability in this business can really get to? 
Arun Kumar: 
So I think minus OneSource also, we can comfortably grow at that 15% CAGR and our target 
then should be to get to 21% EBITDA and be debt free. This is our goal in the next three years. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rohit M, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rohit M: 
First question is on the other regulated business… 
Arun Kumar: 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
Rohit M: 
Yes. So first question is on other regulated business. We had a strong year for the other regulated 
at 20% Y-o-Y growth. Could you highlight which were the key markets that contributed to the 
strong growth? And are we confident of maintaining this growth momentum going forward in 
the next year? 
Arun Kumar: 
Mainly Germany and Australia and the Nordic regions. 
Rohit M: 
And any guidance for the next year? 
Arun Kumar: 
We can't give a percentage guidance, but we said that the company overall grows 12% to 15%. 
ORM will continue to be a big part of that growth. But more growth you will see in H2 rather 
than H1. 
Rohit M: 
Now second question is on the gross margins, which have 60.7% in the Q4. Can you sustain this 
60% plus gross lines going forward? And how are you looking at that? 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, plus minus 2% it is doable. So we have done that for 4 quarters or more. So we can -- we 
are now in that zone. We shouldn't have a problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jagdish Sharma an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Jagdish Sharma: 
Congratulations for FY '24. My question is on U.S. business. What sort of investments would 
we need incrementally to take our U.S. business to 400 million in the next two to three years? 
Arun Kumar: 
Nothing. We have all the products already approved. We have 265 plus ANDAs of which we 
have commercialized only 65. So we have plenty of approved ANDAs. Our R&D for the 400 
million run rate is almost done. We don't spend any money on that part of the business. We put 
more money on the 400 beyond story. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Bharadwaj an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Bharadwaj: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the good set of numbers. 
Arun Kumar: 
Rahul, can you speak up? 
Rahul Bharadwaj: 
Yes, sure. Could you share a bit more guidance on possible de-merger situations for OneSource 
and the vision that we have over the next couple of years for this particular division and how we 
aspire to grow in the CDMO division? 
Arun Kumar: 
You need to repeat your question on one source. You are fading while you speak. 
Rahul Bharadwaj: 
Yes. Any details that you can share in timeline for the demerger and how we plan to grow in the 
CDMO division over the next couple of years? 
Arun Kumar: 
So we got last night, the demerger approvals from SEBI, which was the last step, prior to the 
court process of the demerger, which is called the NCLT process. We expect to file in court, the 
necessary documentation this quarter. Typically, it can take anywhere from 3 to 4 quarters for 
the court process to get completed and about 60 days for the stock exchanges to list the stock. 
But because that's the last and most important step was the stock exchange approvals and SEBI 
approvals, which came in last night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vibha Ravi with Citeline. Please go ahead. 
Vibha Ravi: 
Could you tell me if OneSource can be expected to benefit in any way from the shift away from 
certain Chinese companies like Wuxi? I know it's still time for the Biosecure Act to come 
through. But is there any planning on that front? And can OneSource be expected to benefit? 
Arun Kumar: 
So clearly, the Biosecurity Act has been diluted quite significantly and there is a 7 to 8 year 
window for companies dependent on China to find solutions or alternative solutions. But we are 
seeing significant amount of new RFPs for biologics. And I think the China Plus One on the 
biologics is playing through. 

 
Strides Pharma Science Ltd 
 
 
May 22, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
We haven't seen so many RFPs in the last 1 year that we have seen in the last 2 quarters. So we 
believe that there is some momentum around this Biosecurity Act and at least new programs 
coming to India or in other nation as first choice. To answer your question, plain and simple. 
Yes, we are seeing that. We are seeing it benefiting Strides or OneSource. 
Vibha Ravi: 
Okay. And one more bit broad-based question. So is the Middle East crisis expected to begin 
impacting input costs and for logistics any time soon or it's like further out? 
Arun Kumar: 
So, not on supply chain of materials because earlier it was more to do with geopolitical and 
COVID and other issues. The Red Sea crisis is now, I would like to say behind. The shipping 
premiums have dropped quite dramatically. But yes, this is the nature of the beast. So we have 
to be vigilant. For now, it's business as usual. 
Vibha Ravi: 
Okay. And can I just get in one more question? 
Arun Kumar: 
Please. 
Vibha Ravi: 
Could you talk a little bit about how the alliance with Orbicular for nasal sprays is progressing? 
Arun Kumar: 
Progressing very well. It's one of our more important partnerships. I did mention that we will 
have a first filing this year. We expect to complete the entire platform program during the course 
of the next 12 months and we should expect approvals thereafter. We have significant interest 
on these exclusive control substance programs and in partnership with Orbicular, we are finding 
the right go-to-market strategy. Yes, but we are very excited with our partnership with Orbicular, 
we consider them to be best in class and we're delighted to be partnered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you all really appreciate your time and thank you for your patience as we rebuild strides. 
I appreciate your time and feel free to write to us if you have any questions. Thank you and good 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Strides Pharma Science Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
***** 
