 
 
This document is signed electronically 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai  400 051 
 
Ref Symbol: VASCONEQ 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
The Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 533156 
 
Subject: Regulation 46(2)(oa)(ii) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirement) Regulations, 2015 - Disclosure of the Transcript of the 
Analyst Meet 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We wish to inform you that the Company had conducted Analyst Meet with Investors / 
Analysts on May 23, 2024 with respect to the Audited (Standalone and Consolidated) 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024. 
 
The Transcript of the aforesaid Analyst Meet with Investors /Analysts is available on 
the Company’s website and can be accessed at: 
https://www.vascon.com/investors/quarterly-financials-presentations 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
  
Thanking You,  
 
For Vascon Engineers Limited 
 
 
 
Siddharth Vasudevan Moorthy 
Managing Director 
DIN: 02504124 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
SIDDHARTH 
VASUDEVAN 
MOORTHY
Digitally signed by SIDDHARTH VASUDEVAN MOORTHY 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=411001, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=PUNEVATSALYA THE WOODS NORTH MAIN ROAD 
KOREGAON PARK 411001, l=PUNE, o=Personal, title=3790, 
serialNumber=657f81c17fbce373d774bbf65d41bc537c69f3d1109d
e37604650759cb205e1e, pseudonym=379020220829125850774, 
2.5.4.20=c6bf2bd385563e5756e1a4d7a72e195d9ea5d19fd1ab3e4c
091d0c95566b105f, email=SIDDHARTH@VASCON.COM, 
cn=SIDDHARTH VASUDEVAN MOORTHY 
Date: 2024.05.29 10:56:40 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Vascon Engineers Limited Q4 & FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SANTOSH SUNDARARAJAN – GROUP 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VASCON 
ENGINEERS LIMITED  
MR. SOMNATH BISWAS – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – VASCON ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Vascon Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY '24 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Dr. Santosh Sundararajan, Group CEO from 
Vascon Engineers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Santosh Sundararajan: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings 
Conference Call of Vascon Engineers for the fourth quarter and full-year ended 
March 31st, 2024.  
Today joining me on call is Mr. Somnath, our CFO and our Investor Relations 
team, Stellar Investors. I hope you have gone through the Q4 and full year results 
and the presentations uploaded on the stock exchange and the Company's website.  
During the year our overall revenue remained flat as compared to the previous 
financial year, which we have already mentioned in our past calls as well. It was 
largely on account of the real estate division where most of the projects were 
completed in the first half of last year. The new projects are work in progress and 
expected to contribute in the current fiscal.  
 
However, on the EPC front, the execution momentum continued its increased 
space with revenue of about 9% Year-on-Year and 14% Year-on-Year in Q4 FY 
'24. Our outlook for the EPC segment continues to stand strong backed by a strong 
order book of Rs. 3,365 Crores, which is 5x the current EPC revenue. Out of these 
orders, Rs. 2,838 Crores are external EPC orders, while the remaining Rs 527 
Crores are internal. About 80% of these orders are from government projects, 
ensuring quicker execution and steady cash flows.  
 
In terms of order intake, we have one EPC order worth Rs. 1,800 Crores this year, 
which is the highest ever for the Company. This comprises of about Rs. 200 Crores 
from Bridge and Roof Company (India) at Kanker, Chhattisgarh. About Rs. 299 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Crores from Jharkhand State Building Corporation for a hospital at Koderma. 
Order of Rs. 514 Crores from Bihar Medical Services for a medical college and 
hospital at Suphal. From PMC for a construction of one hospital in Moshi 
amounting to Rs. 357 Crores. And also, a Capgemini order for a construction of 
an IT park in Chennai of Rs. 416 Crores.  
Our bank guarantee limits have increased in the last fiscal, led by our strong 
balance sheet and financials. And with this, we are looking forward to continuing 
growth in the EPC division.  
 
Coming to the real estate segment, the market is looking promising for us with 
several of our projects now complete. We are optimistic about our business 
prospects in the coming years. In addition to our primary real estate business, we 
are in the process of forming partnerships with A-Grade top realtors based in Pune, 
Mumbai and Coimbatore, aiming to establish a steady stream of new property and 
project launches in the coming year.  
 
Within the real estate sector, we have effectively rolled out one redevelopment 
project in FY 2024 and we are currently preparing to introduce two additional 
projects in the coming months.  
 
New sales booking in FY'24 stood at 1,08,578 Square Feet, with a total sales value 
of Rs 100 Crores and a total collection of Rs 127 Crores this year. During FY24, 
our real estate revenue sales stood at Rs 57 Crores and an EBITDA of Rs 21 Crores. 
The gross margin came in at 66% while the EBITDA margin was 36%. We are 
very optimistic about sustaining the positive movement in the real estate sector 
given the promising pipeline of projects ahead.  
 
Lastly, coming to the GMP business, GMP continues to deliver improved 
performance throughout the year, and we expect this momentum to continue in the 
coming quarters. Revenue of Rs 289 Crores in FY24, which is up 15% year-on-
year and a healthy gross margin of 28%. The EBITDA was Rs 21 Crores with a 
7% EBITDA margin in FY24.  
 
The status on our debt, this fiscal year we have seen our total debt go up because 
we are involved in new real estate joint ventures, and we have put money in bid 
amount commitments and earnest money deposits for new EPC orders. As a result, 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
our net debt has risen to Rs 86 Crores. Even with this increase, we are committed 
to careful financial management and are focused on sustainable growth and 
creating value.  
 
As I have mentioned about the rating upgrade throughout FY24, I would like to 
reiterate again that our Company, CRISIL, has upgraded our credit rating to 
CRISIL BBB+ for long-term facilities and CRISIL A2 for short-term 
facilities. This upgrade has played a crucial role in negotiating favorable interest 
rates in the Company's favor. We are also hopeful to continue this increase in rating 
as we go forward this year.  
 
Coming to the financial performance of the Company in Q4 FY24, let me start 
with the standalone during Q4 FY '24. The Company reported a total income of Rs 
241 Crores as against Rs 251 Crores in the corresponding quarter last year.  
 
EBITDA stood at Rs 26 Crores as against Rs 46 Crores in the corresponding 
quarter last year. The EBITDA margin was at 11% and reported a net profit of Rs 
15 Crores in Q4 FY24 as against Rs 41 Crores in Q4 FY23.  
 
At a consolidated level, the Q4 FY24, the Company reported total income of Rs 
350 Crores as against Rs 335 Crores last year with a year-on-year 4% growth. The 
EBITDA stood at Rs 32 Crores with the EBITDA margin was at 9% against Rs 58 
Crores in Q4 FY23 and the net profit of Rs 17 Crores in Q4 FY24 as against Rs 50 
Crores in Q4 FY23.  
 
To summarize our strategic initiatives at dividing growth, we have made 
significant progress on our key projects. Our strong order backlog, real estate 
backlog and solid financial position reinforce our confidence in achieving our 
goals for the rest of the year. Looking ahead, we remain committed to delivering 
excellence and creating value for our shareholders, clients and employees. We are 
excited about the opportunities in the market, and we are well-positioned to 
capitalize on them with our innovative solutions and dedicated team.  
 
With this, we can now open up the floor for questions and answers. Thank you.  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock PMS. Please go 
ahead.  
Rushabh Shah: 
I had a few questions. In the case of our building management system, there has 
been quite good growth in the revenues of nearly 15%, but the profitability has 
taken a big hit. Can you explain what led to it? And secondly, we are seeing 
commodity prices skyrocketing. So, what impact will it have on the business?  
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes, so see commodity prices in GMP business, what happens is it's a very short-
term turnover business. So, in the interim short term, if there is an increase in 
commodity prices, it definitely directly affects the profit. And sometimes we get 
the reverse cycle also, where it depends on the date we have taken the contract. On 
those days, if the price drops temporarily for a while, also we gain profit. So, 
because they have to execute and finish their contracts within a period of two to 
three months, they normally do not have clauses protecting them for these rates.  
Rushabh Shah: 
But what about the profitability, which has taken a big hit?  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, EBITDA level for the Company has been sort of consistent over the years. It's 
not a major hit as such, I would say. We are still talking from Rs 25 Crores; it has 
come down to Rs 21 Crores EBITDA of the Company.  
Rushabh Shah: 
So, my second question is, the inflation is becoming sticky, and eventually the cost 
of labor will also increase. And some projects will get delayed, which is the nature 
of the EPC business. So, how are you preparing for future risk, which never gets 
spoken of in good times, but at bad times, will it have a very big impact?  
Santosh Sundararajan: You are right. I mean, see, end of the day it's a very tough question to answer. We 
are entering risk on a daily basis. Every risk cannot be 100% mitigated. There is a 
price which the competition in the market forces us to take jobs at. Having said 
that, see, we focus on government projects where the escalation is factored in based 
on instance. So, in such projects, what happens is even most of those projects, even 
the labor index is covered, because there is a formula for every rupee that is spent.  
So, there is a formula to cover for the major materials like steel and cement, and 
then there is a formula to cover for miscellaneous things. And there is also a 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
formula to cover for labor. So, generally, we will get covered, get paid over a long 
period, and labor prices go up during this period, there is a cover that we get in 
government projects.  
 
In private projects, for example, the Capgemini project that we have currently 
taken, we have cover and the subcontracting like the MEP work, but we do not 
have a direct cover for labor escalation. We are supposed to execute this job within 
24-30 months. If there is a delay from the client side, which leads us to prolong 
this beyond the scheduled contract period, I am sure we will have to put it up and 
negotiate with the client at that time. It is not contractually available today. But if 
we finish this within two, two and a half, we have factored in the kind of 
escalations we expect in labor during this period.  
Rushabh Shah: 
And my last question and then I will join back in the queue. So, any thoughts on 
taking only those projects, which we have high confidence that they will get 
completed in less than three years only, or we can avoid which take more than 
three years for completion?  
Santosh Sundararajan: No, absolutely. I mean, that is what our endeavor always is by choosing the kind 
of projects and clients. For example, I mean, if you look at our order book that we 
have taken, we are taking hospitals from the government. Hospitals generally have 
their funds allocated. Now these are all in the range of Rs 300 – 400 – Rs 500 
Crores. So, these are not huge projects, whereby the government initiates these 
projects without having a full view on the funding. They generally set aside the 
funds for this and then float the tender. So, we are aware that most of these... 
 
So, I am saying we try to choose our client to avoid the risk of a project getting 
stalled in between. We, for example, taken hospital projects from government and 
these projects are all less than Rs 500 Crores. So, at this level, we have seen that 
the government generally doesn't wait for various meetings to allocate budgets in 
interim format. They generally allocate the entire budget in one meeting and then 
the project is floated. So, most of these projects that we have taken, we are aware 
through our sources internally that the funding is available and therefore they are 
generally not linked to even political risks or funding risks as they are hospital 
projects.  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Similarly, Capgemini, for example, are only going to see revenue coming out of 
this facility when it is completed. So, when they have finally decided to make a 
CAPEX on this, they have definitely set aside the funds. They will be in a hurry to 
finish it and so we do not see any reason why the project should get stalled from 
their side in terms of funding. So, we are very careful to try and see the quality of 
the project or the clientele to ensure that hopefully we don't have a project risk of 
it getting stalled.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranodeep Sen from MAS Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Ranodeep Sen: 
I wanted to understand, and I am referring to the Capgemini deal that we bagged 
for Rs 416 Crores. There are reports which says that almost 500 plus GCCs are 
slated to come to India in the next two years. From a business development 
perspective, is this a sector that we are targeting and are we approaching this sector 
where we can set up plug and play offices for some of these GCCs coming to India?  
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes, 100%. So, we have been maintaining that we want a good mix of private and 
government. We have been a bit too skewed towards government off late, which 
has been good for us. But at the same time, as we rightly said, in good days, 
everything is good. We should be prepared with a good, diversified portfolio when 
we approach the next few years. And it is our endeavor to have at least 30-35% 
exposure to private. So, if not more, maybe a 60-40 mix is our target over the next 
two years.  
 
Now in private, the best kind of client we would have is either trusts who are again 
building hospitals or building institutes because again they have their funding in 
place or industries because again, it's a CAPEX and their revenue will only start 
after completion or IT parks or corporate offices like this, like we have done for 
Capgemini, and as you rightly mentioned the MNCs and GCCs that are going to 
be putting up in India or data centers.  
 
These are all projects where once a Company decides to invest, they will be after 
our back to finish it ASAP because they are going to earn revenue from it only 
after it is completed. And I think those are the kind of private projects we would 
want to be focused on. And so, yes, to answer your question, we would definitely 
be looking at this Capgemini to restart our private order book growth.  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Ranodeep Sen: 
My next question was, I think there is a big data center boom happening in India 
at this juncture, right? And if I have to say that 150 acres that we have and I believe 
70 acres is Vascon's share, are we looking at monetizing that land parcel with any 
data center project or either we are tying up with the project experts or selling the 
land? So, what is our thought on the Thane land given it's the boom period right 
now for data centers and Mumbai happens to be the data center capital of India?  
Santosh Sundararajan: No, so, see the Thane land every possible real estate that you think of will work on 
that Thane land. It's not just data centers. Warehousing can work, residential can 
work. You know, it's a very good location and so there is no dearth of real estate 
options to explore on that land.  
 
As we have been saying at the current stage, there is a separate team that is working 
on it to see how best we can monetize in bits and pieces, how best we can 
amalgamate. We are starting to fence certain areas of that land and start trying to 
generate revenue. As I said, a good portion of it is also part of the grid or the 
government is planning to build and so we will have to give our land off, which is 
also not a bad deal. They will be giving us decent prices better than the 
Ready Reckoner.  
 
So, all of these things are happening there. It's a huge parcel. We can do data 
centers plus residential plus warehousing plus they will come to the government 
as well. But this is again not a very short-term thing. It's a medium-term target for 
the Company to milk the 70 acres that we hold over there.  
Ranodeep Sen: 
My last question, sir, I think last 2023-24 probably saw the biggest year from a 
real estate stock point of view and I think there were multiple listed players who 
came out with record numbers for their residential projects which came out and it 
sold like hot. Have we missed out on this basically from the residential perspective 
by being too focused on the government project EPC side? And what are our plans 
at least in the near future to kind of galvanize and play a category?  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, I will answer in two parts. Have we missed out on this opportunity? Yes, 
definitely. If we had more projects in hand and if our real estate growth story was 
two years ahead of what it is, we would have had a lot more square foot. We have 
only sold a lakh and ten thousand square feet last year, which is a very small 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
amount for our brand, and we could have sold a lot more if we had those kind of 
inventory lined up, which we didn't. So, have we missed out? Yes, definitely.  
 
Is it because we are focused on government EPC? No, because we have two 
separate divisions. The growth of the EPC division is not at the cost of the growth 
of the real estate division. We have separate bandwidth, separate teams focusing 
on both of these. EPC was easier to trigger off over the last 3-4 years because it's 
less capital intensive and we have our pre-qualifications in place, we have got our 
bank limit growing and so it has been easier to sort of push the EPC story ahead 
first.  
 
The real estate story is a bit capital intensive, and it takes time. Gestation periods 
are there. Approval periods are there for this project. So, I would say that we are 
at a very high level of potential that we are now unleashing on the real estate side, 
which we will see in the next few years. So, have we missed out on last year's 
fantastic real estate numbers that many of our peers have given? Yes. 
Unfortunately, yes, because we didn't have enough inventory.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, in the presentation somewhere, it's stated that you have the capability to do 8 
million square feet and right now you are operating at 3.7 and which is at 90% 
capacity. So, can you explain that? 
Santosh Sundararajan: So, last year, the capability in terms of top management as well as assets that we 
hold our internal Company bandwidth to deliver about Rs 1,000 Crores of EPC. 
And we were doing Rs 300 Crores two years ago. Then we have jumped to Rs 600-
700 Crores levels currently. So, we are performing at 70%. We will touch Rs 1,000 
Crores in the coming year, which will be our current potential in terms of CAPEX 
requirement for asset and senior level bandwidth. After the next year, we will 
grow, I mean, there is no reason why we can't grow beyond that. It is just that we 
will have to incur certain CAPEX to augment assets.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
Can we translate this Rs 1,000 crore in million square feet?  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes, you can see, I mean, you can divide by, I think, 2,000. And what happens is, 
each project of ours is a different scope. Some of them are only concrete shell 
scope. It will be worth about Rs. 1,200 square feet. Some projects are like the 
hospital projects are including all the MEP work, the Capgemini project is 
including everything. So, these projects even go to Rs. 4,000, Rs. 5,000 square 
feet. So, the entire spectrum of work that we do can range between Rs. 1,000 to 
Rs. 5,000 square feet in terms of EPC. So, we can do Rs 1,000 Crores. On average, 
if you take Rs. 2,500 as the average price per square feet, then you can calculate 
the square feet potential.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, when we say that 3.7 million square feet is under operation approximately Rs 
1,000 Crores is under execution at this time, right?  
Santosh Sundararajan: Currently, our order backlog is 3,500 Crores, no? So, all of that is under execution.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
No, I am referring one slide where it is stated that currently operating at 3.7 million 
square feet.  
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes.  
Somnath Biswas: 
Just to clear that ambiguity, what you are talking about probably, there is some 
kind of communication mis understanding. What we are talking about, whatever 
the current asset base we are having, we have the equipment, plant and machinery 
and all these things. Whatever the current asset base we are having, that is 
operating at 90% level, which translates to close to 3.7.  
 
So, this asset base is capable of doing 4 million square feet per year in terms of the 
delivery, but what we are talking about our bandwidth, senior management 
bandwidth and other bandwidth is very capable enough to double it up, but for that 
we need additional CAPEX, additional fixed assets to be infused in the system. 
For that we don't need additional management bandwidth is not required. So, that 
is the communication we want to make it. So, obviously there will be good amount 
of CAPEX will be required to scale up to 8 million, but with this bandwidth, we 
can scale up to that level. So, that is the point we try to make it.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
But can you tell me the CAPEX amount needs to be spent? What will be the 
CAPEX amount?  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Somnath Biswas: 
This year we do not need CAPEX in that sense. Next year for the additional growth 
beyond Rs 1,000 Crores, if we are looking to do Rs 250 Crores additional, which 
would be a target for next year, we would need about, you can say about 8% to 
10% of that as a CAPEX investment. So, about Rs 20 Crores would be the estimate 
of CAPEX required next year, not this fiscal year.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
Now coming to the question on the rating upgrade, what is the likely reduction in 
interest rate? Is it likely to be 20-25 bps? And when will it start flowing? Will it 
start flowing from QA?  
Somnath Biswas: 
It is very difficult to say because RBI policy and all those things, it keeps on 
swinging ups and downs. So, bank is also following the same policy, but currently 
we are more or less very much in the optimal level. I cannot say that we are at the 
optimal level, but very close to the optimal level what we are operating. But 
depending upon the banking policy, whether 0.25 bps ups and downs, it will keep 
on impacting our cost of capital. But we are not seeing significant drop in the cost 
of capital, to be very honest with you.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
Now the next question is, any enhancement in BG limit which will enable us to 
bid more? What is the expectation for intake for the current year linked to BG 
limit?  
Somnath Biswas: 
So, basically, if you look in last year's assessment also, our BG limit has been 
augmented by almost 100 Crores in consortium. And beyond the consortium, we 
also got a sanction of Rs 200 Crore between a multiple banking. So, we are fairly 
placed in terms of the BG requirement for next year growth is concerned. But yes, 
we are continuing this enhancement within the consortium, outside the consortium. 
Sometimes it is happening that deal is much sweeter in outside consortium rather 
than being in the consortium. So, we are working in tandem which is a better mix 
for us. So, we are opting both the options, enhancement within the consortium and 
enhancement outside consortium also.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, the last question, what is the bidding pipeline and what is the expected intake 
targeted this year?  
Santosh Sundararajan: Order?  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes.  
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes, for this year, see, we are currently at Rs 3,500 crore roughly order backlog. 
And we intend to extinguish about Rs 1,000 Crores of that, which will bring us 
down to Rs 2,500 crore as an order backlog that would remain. And we want to 
start April 2025 with an order backlog of Rs 4,000 Crores. Only that will keep our 
growth story alive. So, for that the mathematics says that we have an order booking 
target of about Rs 1,500 Crores by April 2025 and we are confident that we will 
be able to achieve that. As Somnath said, the bank guarantee limits for that are 
more or less in place. So, now it is a matter of waiting for the elections to pan 
through and then pick and choose projects where we can bid and hopefully achieve 
that target. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
And with the current cost escalation, anything, any impact on order book margin 
or will it remain above 11%, 12% as we had initially bid at for?  
Santosh Sundararajan: No, the order book margin should remain same. As I said most of our escalations 
are covered for us contractually. And whatever little bit is not covered, we have 
factored into our costing. So, general small inflation, regular inflation should not 
eat into our order book, into our profitability. So, I think we are safe on that front 
at this point of time.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, 12% is sustainable.  
Santosh Sundararajan: Sorry.  
Nitin Gandhi: 
12% is sustainable margin for the current order book.  
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock 
PMS. Please go ahead.  
Rushabh Shah: 
So, I have a question. We had only one launch in FY24 and we seem confident of 
five launches in the last Con Call. Can you give in what stages of approval are 
these five projects? Also, in any project contingent on our raising capital through 
rights or they will get launched irrespective of that?  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes. So, we have two redevelopments in Santa Cruz. One of them is as good as 
launch as in we are at the last stage of getting approval. So, that will be launched 
officially anytime.  
 
The second one, the agreement has been registered, and we are putting in the plans 
for approval. So, that will take about four or five months and that can also be 
launched very much in this financial year.  
 
The third project in Mumbai is at Powai which is also in a stage where the plans 
are already in BMC, and we are awaiting approval. So, once the approvals come, 
that will also be launched within the next five to six months. So, these 3 projects 
are at a stage where definitely we will be launching.  
 
The other project we talked about in our presentation which is a project in Baner 
in Pune which is at a very nascent stage in relatively speaking in that we have not 
yet put the plans in for approval. We are still closing out the contracts with the 
landowner and so that hopefully by the end of the year, the fourth quarter of the 
year, we may be in a position to launch that project.  
Rushabh Shah: 
So, any of the projects are contingent on raising capital?  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, all of these projects when launched will need capital. So, we had for Santa 
Cruz, for the Bombay project, we had gone ahead with the QIP requirement in the 
market which currently is very much in line and we should be hopefully doing it 
in the next few months.  
 
But in the meantime, there are other sources of funding. So, the project launches 
will not get stalled if we have to temporarily borrow or if we have to get private 
equity if the QIP is getting delayed. We anyway had our plan A in place. So, the 
project will get launched.  
Rushabh Shah: 
We have a large commercial project Tower of Future of nearly a million square 
feet construction. Will we bear the complete construction expense? How will be 
the value of construction? And will we pay for construction from our revenue 
share? 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Santosh Sundararajan: No, so, see, there is a partner there who is a profit-sharing partner. So, all costs 
will be shared at the Company level. So, whatever we have given in our 
presentation would be our share of revenue, and you can expect 30%, 35% easily 
gross margins on our share of revenue. 
Rushabh Shah: 
And sir, will we pay from the construction from our revenue share or the partner 
will be paying? 
Santosh Sundararajan: As I said, it will all be partner, so there is profit sharing. So, we will pay for our 
share of construction.  
Rushabh Shah: 
And so we have seen large number of residential project launches by large reputed 
builders across the geographies, but we have not seen residential projects in our 
order book. Can you share your thoughts out there?  
Santosh Sundararajan: Yes, so we haven't, as I said, we in some ways have missed out on the boom of last 
year. We do not have enough inventory in residential to have sold, but currently 
we have launched the Phase 3 of Coimbatore where we have residential inventory. 
Katvi, we are finishing the first lot and we will be launching the second part of it 
and taking that forward. Santa Cruz project and Powai are also residential. So, in 
fact, only the Baner one, which we just spoke about a million square feet Tower of 
the Future is the only commercial inventory that we will be bringing up in this 
coming year. The rest are all residential launches.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Bihani from HVPL. Please 
go ahead.  
Kunal Bihani: 
Sir, I am just looking at the results. On a consolidated basis, the real estate revenue 
has seen a large drop. So, any specific projections for the current year, FY 24 and 
FY '25, in that sense, specifically for real estate? Any projections would help.  
Somnath Biswas: 
I think that's not correct. To answer your question, yes, the drop, as compared to 
last year, it has quite envisaged drop. That's because from day one, we kept on 
saying that they will be dropping the real estate number as because we don't have 
any significant completion this year. So, we always kept on communicating the 
same thing. So, it is not a surprise for us. But at the same time, yes, we cannot 
exactly project the number as because real estate is subject to the completion. But 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
we are envisaging at least one to two project completion and accordingly, it is still 
completion. And both in the top line and bottom line, we are expecting in the next 
financial year. 
Kunal Bihani: 
Next question is, given that elections are over in a lot of states, I think we are in 
phase four or phase five, any uplift in activity in terms of tendering or contracting 
that we have specific to any state? I mean, I have been hearing cases where projects 
like in Maharashtra, for example, now that the elections are over, are good in the 
pipeline, and government is now active all of a sudden?  
Santosh Sundararajan: There are many projects which were at various stages of bidding, which some of 
them once the elections are over, their Aachar Sanhita is over, and so they start 
acting on those. So, yes, definitely as the elections finish, because for about 20-30 
days, pre-elections, a lot of pent-up work remains pending, they do not act on it. 
So, the moment the election is over in a particular constituency or a state, they are 
free to act on certain pending decisions, which happens.  
 
So, yes, we are also seeing that some of these tenders are now getting floated or 
opened for bid, but we expect much more activity to happen a month from now 
when the results are out and the stability in terms of new government formation is 
all over.  
Kunal Bihani: 
Sir, my last question would be any guidance on the EBITDA margin, either at a 
segment level or at an overall Company level for the current year?  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, we should improve definitely, I will tell you, if you look at our three divisions, 
EPC, real estate and GMP at the PBT level, eventually the least contribution in 
terms of percentage is coming from GMP and then the EPC division. In terms of 
percentage, the highest contribution comes from the real estate division and this 
year we had no contribution of top line from the real estate, no significant 
contribution.  
 
Next year we expect much higher contribution from the real estate division and 
therefore that will pull up our EBITDA, our PBT as well and we also expect the 
EPC division to improve its EBITDA as well as PBT by at least 1 to 1.5 basis 
points, if not 2 basis points because the top line will improve and so the scale will 

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
come in and we hope to improve that. So, next year we should definitely be 
significantly better on our margin percentages.  
Kunal Bihani: 
And sorry, one last question, if I may. There was one comment to a participant 
question around the revenue of Rs 1,000 Crores from Rs 700 Crores. For which 
year was it and for which specific segment?  
Santosh Sundararajan: The EPC, third party EPC division has done Rs 700 Crores this year, the past year, 
that is ending March '24 and ending March '25, we expect to take this to Rs 1,000 
Crores.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajendra, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
Rajendra: 
Sir, all my questions have been answered. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prince Soni, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
Prince Soni: 
Sir, my question is on the overall business rate. So, as we see our approximate 80% 
of business comes from the government led project. Do you think a change in the 
current ruling party would impact Vascon business?  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, that's a very tough question to answer. Most of our projects are slightly smaller 
than what would be significantly influenced by the party at the center. We are not 
of the scale of the L&T or at that level. So, most of the projects we take are through 
agencies or state government or various nodal agencies, government departments 
in the sub 500 range.  
 
So, point number one, the project that we already have in hand, we do not expect 
any problem for any of those projects, no matter what happens in the election. 
Point number two, going forward, in terms of new projects that is being lined up, 
I mean, see anybody's guess on which government is getting formed and what kind 
of impetus they want to give to which industry, but having said all that. I do not 
think a Company of our size will have a significant effect because of what happens 
at the center. I think our target for the next two, three years will remain intact. I am 
sure there will be enough projects of that kind for us to keep bagging orders.  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Prince Soni: 
So, sir, my next question is about on the, if the real estate segment is growing like, 
so is there any plan to go somewhere in Delhi NCR or somewhere other cities? 
Santosh Sundararajan: No, no, no. As of now, we are very cautious on real estate. EPC, we are nomadic. 
We will go wherever we see a good project coming up. Real estate, at least for the 
next one year, our target is Mumbai, Coimbatore, Pune and nowhere else.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rushabh Shah from BugleRock 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Last two questions from my side. One observation we said that we choose QIB 
versus right issue as it will lead to new large investors coming into the Company 
and they will start tracking the Company. Just a thought. Companies which don't 
raise capital are the most favorable for large reputed investors. If we look at our 
peer Ahluwalia contracts, 25% is owned by mutual funds and 13% by FIIs and 
they have not raised capital in the last 10 years. As the Company did good large 
investors join the band wagon, our promoter stake is low. Any thoughts on that 
side to raise the stakes?  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, you have to look at the history of the Company to put this question into 
perspective. Just a peer comparison unfortunately doesn't help. Our Company was 
not formed whole and sole by our promoters when it was born. It was never 100% 
owned by them. It was only 25% owned by them and 75% owned by other angel 
investors right from the beginning. And so as we have grown, in fact, that 25% 
owned by the promoters has now went up to 38% and gets diluted when we raise 
capital once in a while. It is in the range of 30 plus. I do not see how our promoters 
will be able to increase their stake significantly given the Company size and the 
investments required. It takes money to raise their stakes.  
 
So, most of the other companies what happens is they start with 100% promoter 
ownership and then those stakes come down and you still have decent promoter 
ownership. Our Company's past history has been different. So, if you compared to 
the peers, our promoter ownership will always look much lower. And I think we 
are indifferent to that. I don't think that raises any problems for us to function. We 
are professional. We have a board. We have proper management. And so, the 
promoter ownership, whatever it is, is not a significant contribution to any of our 
growth stories or our profitability or our endeavor to pay back to our shareholders.  

 
Vascon Engineers Limited 
May 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Somnath Biswas: 
And to answer your first part also, actually, to compare with Ahluwalia is not a 
fair comparison.  
Santosh Sundararajan: So, I think Somnath's point also was in comparison with Ahluwalia. He is not in 
real estate and we need to raise capital a bit more than him because of our real 
estate vision. EPC generally is less capital intensive.  
Rushabh Shah: 
And one more last question, sir. In your portfolio, are there any slow-moving large 
projects?  
Santosh Sundararajan: Slow-moving in terms of EPC? No, not really. All our order books, touchwood, 
are running at full speed.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for the day, I now hand the conference 
over to the Dr. Santosh Sundararajan for closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
Santosh Sundararajan: Thanks everyone for the interest in the Company and the continued faith in the 
Company. This year has been a bit flat compared to last year, but we always knew 
this and we have always been projecting this over the last few quarters. And we 
have also always been saying that the coming year March '25 is going to be again 
a big year for the Company in terms of growth in EPC and real estate, and we are 
better poised for that. So, I am looking forward to projecting much better numbers 
in the next four quarters. And thank you and see you all again in the next quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vascon Engineers Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
