 
 
 
June 03, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 502219 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BORORENEW 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
Please find enclosed transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and 
Analysts held on Tuesday, May 28, 2024. 
You are requested to take the same on records. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
 
Ravi Vaishnav 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. ACS 34607 
 
Encl.: as above. 
 
 
BOROSIL 
renew ables 
Wnrh : 
Anldd,war-R.jpiple Roe<I, 
V1llag, Gov.ll T al. Jllag>dr.. 
Dbl. Bhorud,- 593001, 
(Gu>"m). India 
T: +912114S-258100 
F :1>91 7..645-2581,35 
E : bieborooil.= 
BOROSIL RENEWABLE$ LIMITED 
CIN : L.26100MH1962PLC012538 
Regd. Office: 1101. Crescenzo. G-Blodc. Opp. MCA Club. Sandra Ku<ta Complex 
Sandra (E). Mumbai - 400 051. India. 
T : •9122 6740 6300 
F : •9122 6740 6514 
W : www.borosilrenEWables.c:om Email : brl@borosil.com 
RAVI MOTILAL 
VAISHNAV
Digitally signed by RAVI 
MOTILAL VAISHNAV 
Date: 2024.06.03 
18:31:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited 
Q4 FY ‘24 Results Conference Call” 
May 28, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
        
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P.K. KHERUKA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN  
 
MR. ASHOK JAIN -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SUNIL ROONGTA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
 
MR. SWAPNIL WALUNJ -- HEAD MARKETING  
 
MR. BALESH TALAPADY -- VP, INVESTOR RELATION -- 
BOROSIL RENEWABLES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. JITEN RUSHI -- AXIS CAPITAL 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Borosil Renewables Limited Q4 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
BOROSIL 
·f enewables 
BOROSIL 
,f enewables 
J.... AXIS CAPITAL 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Thank you, Neha. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased to welcome 
you all for the Q4 and FY '24 earnings conference call of Borosil Renewables Limited. We have 
with us the management team represented by Mr. P.K. Kheruka, Executive Chairman; Mr. 
Ashok Jain, Whole Time Director; Mr. Sunil Roongta, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Swapnil 
Walunj, Head Marketing; Mr. Balesh Talapady, VP Investor Relation. We will begin with the 
opening remarks from the management followed by interactive Q&A session. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
P K Kheruka: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to the Borosil Renewables Financial Year 2024 
Investor Call. The Board of Borosil Renewables on 27th May approved the company's financial 
results for the year ended 31st March '24 and for the last quarter of that financial year. Our results 
and an updated presentation have been sent to the stock exchanges and have also been uploaded 
on the company's website. We will discuss the operations of Borosil Renewables on a stand-
alone basis as well as on a consolidated basis. I will also provide you with some highlights of 
the operations in our overseas subsidiaries. 
 
During the financial year 2024, the sales volume of the company rose by 79.8% quantitatively 
due to full year's working of its new plant that is to say SG-3 which was commissioned from 
23rd February 2023. Unfortunately, the significantly lower prices saw the company's recorded 
net revenue from operations rise by just 43.3% over financial year ended 31st March '23 to 
INR985.87 crores. 
Average selling prices during the year were about INR109 per millimeter per square meter, a 
serious decline of 20.2% as compared to INR136.5 per millimeter per square meter during the 
previous year. Export sales during the year, including to customers in SEZ were almost flat at 
INR199.78 crores comprising 23% -- 20.3% of the turnover as against INR195.25 crores in the 
previous year. 
 
While direct exports were also flat at INR181.92 crores last year being INR181.07 crores. During 
the last quarter of the year gone by, the company recorded a net sales of INR227.23 crores as 
against INR187.54 crores in quarter 4 financial year 2023, at 21% in fees. From a quantitative 
standpoint, sales volumes had risen by 57% during this period. Average Ex- factory selling 
prices during the last quarter were about INR98.8 per millimeter per square meter as compared 
to INR132.7 per millimeter per square meter in the corresponding quarter in the previous 
financial year, a decline of 25.6% leading to a steep erosion in the margin. 
 
Some more information about financial year 2024. Relentless dumping by solar glass producers 
in China and Vietnam caused prices to remain continuously depressed over the year. As 
informed earlier to shareholders after the lapse of antidumping duty on solar glass in August 
2022. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
The floodless gates were opened for duty-free dumping of Chinese glass. Unfortunately, this 
was covered with a dramatic reduction in the cost of ocean freight from China and a further drop 
in FOB prices from China. Put together, this caused a severe decline in the landed prices of 
imports leading to a slashing of our margins. Consequently, the EBITDA during financial year 
2024 was INR18.93 crores, corresponding to a margin of 12.1%, which was a steep decline 
compared to an EBITDA margin of 25.7% in the previous financial year. 
 
During the last quarter, the EBITDA was at INR13.13 crores corresponding to a margin of just 
5.8% as against 20.3% in the corresponding quarter in financial year 2023 and 9.4% in the 
previous quarter. In terms of selling prices, the last quarter saw a decline of 3.5% over the 
preceding quarter as the dumping continued unabated. Additionally, our production efficiencies 
were lower than normal in one of our furnaces for a few days. Against this backdrop of lapse in 
selling prices, the company recorded a post-tax loss of INR16.52 crores for the year ended 2024 
as against a profit of INR88.54 crores in the previous year. 
 
The last quarter recorded a post-tax loss of INR13.37 crores as against a profit after tax of 
INR11.69 crores for the same quarter in the previous year. The solar industry suffering from 
dumping and has struggled throughout the last year. Solar glass imports continue to remain 
completely exempt from all import duties. 
The 15% basic customs duty levying on the imports of solar glass but exempted since 1999 was 
set to end on 31st March 2024. You can well imagine the surprise and extreme disappointment 
in the industry when this exemption was unilaterally extended until 30th September 2024. 
Following our representations to multiple authorities for a review of our issues with dumping, 
we were advised to apply for imposition of anti-dumping duty on imports from China and 
Vietnam and a countervailing duty against imports of Vietnam. 
 
Our applications for DGTR in this regard have been prima facie accepted and already taken up 
for investigation. The government is now fully seized of the matter, and satisfactory decisions 
are expected to follow, perhaps in the next 5, 6 months. 
 
Until then, the domestic industry will have to continue to contend with the pressure of 
unrealistically lower import prices and ongoing injury due to dumping. It is ironical, the 
domestic manufacturing of solar cells and modules, both of which have high import content, 
enjoy basic custom duty protection at 25% and 40%, respectively. While solar glass, a capital-
intensive product with very low import content and high local value addition using skilled labour 
in the absence of duty is subject to relentless attacks by subsidized Chinese solar glass. 
 
With the results, a significant portion of the domestic capacity is the remaining unutilized unsold 
to Chinese dumping when there is enough demand to serve. Solar sales and modules also enjoy 
ALMM, approved list of models and manufacturers and we see our domestic content 
requirement benefits which make it compulsory for the buyers to use the local production. There 
is absolutely no such benefit extended to solar glass and the module manufacturers are free to 
import their entire requirements. We have petitioned the authorities to take steps in this direction 
since there is a strong need to include use of local solar glass and other components in these 
schemes. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
There is an unexpected glimmer of hope for more remunerative prices in the shape of an increase 
in import rate base from Southeast Asia, which is likely to give us some respite. Some positive 
signs for the Indian Solar Industry. Firstly, solar installations in India last year were 15 gigawatts, 
an impressive growth over the previous year's installations of 12.8 gigawatts. Secondly, after 
some hesitant steps, the government has firmly implemented the ALMM mechanism on 1st April 
2024, which mandates use of only ALMM-certified modules in the projects being installed in 
India. 
 
This is leading to a quantum jump in the manufacturing of domestic modules and thus, an 
exponential leap in the domestic demand for solar glass. Domestic solar glass manufacturing 
capacity has now reached 2,300 tons per day as against 180 tons per day in April 2019 while 
Borosil remains the largest non-Chinese owned solar glass manufacturer in the world with 1,350 
tons per day, including 350 tons per day in Germany. 
For new manufacturers have commissioned new capacity stood at 1,300 tons per day in India 
taking the capacity to 2,300 tons per day. The government has announced a target of installing 
rooftop solar systems on the roofs of 1 Crores houses under Pradhan Mantri Suryodaya Yojana, 
which are promised to provide free electricity up to 300 units to the households and a provision 
to sell the surplus power to the grid. 
 
This will give much required fill-up to the rooftop solar program and generate program and 
generate demand for solar modules and consequently, demand for solar glass. Our German 
operations. As mentioned in my previous call, the European solar module manufacturing 
industry suffered a serious setback at the end of the second quarter of last calendar year from 
unbridled imports of Chinese solar modules at dumped prices, which severely impaired the 
ability of local producers to sell at their cost of production. 
Cancellation of orders placed on them force them to curtail their operations. This led to a 
cancellation of orders on GMV for quarter 3 and quarter 4 financial year 2024. The steps taken 
so far by the European Commission and German government, although positive, are not 
sufficient to bring back the demand, and there's a need for some concrete and urgent business. 
 
As informed in the last call, the company had temporarily slowed down production due to 
paucity of orders. Meanwhile, GMV has made inroads in other export markets to fill the gap 
created by a low domestic demand and has been able to resume full production from the middle 
of March this year. The German team is committed to carry out cost optimization steps, which 
are showing positive results. This may help to partly offset the impact of lower selling prices in 
these new geographies. 
 
Now I come to the consolidated results for the quarter, which include the operations of the 
subsidiaries abroad. The overseas subsidiaries, including the step-down subsidiaries, has 
generated net stand-alone revenue of INR55.8 crores, a negative EBITDA of INR31.07 crores 
for the fourth quarter or the current financial year of the financial year just on back. As explained, 
the performance was impacted by reduced operations arising from demand slowdown as well as 
due to lower average selling prices. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
The consolidated net revenue and negative EBITDA for the fourth quarter of the last year stands 
at INR283.11 crores and INR20.82 crores, respectively. The consolidated net revenue and 
EBITDA for the financial year '24 stands at INR1,369.28 crores and INR74.85 crores 
respectively. 
Looking at the higher landed cost of solar glass in both domestic and export markets, enabling 
better prices, the strong and expanded demand in domestic markets arising from the spurt in 
domestic manufacturing, the assurances received across the concerned government ministry in 
the context of imposition of duties on imports of solar glass. Finally, better performance of our 
subsidiaries in the back of high level of operations and cost saving measures. For all these 
reasons, we continue to maintain a positive outlook on the sector. The position other important 
markets was under, selected export markets have shown recovery in demand. 
 
Demand in the U.S.A. has started in a small way. We expect this to go up in the later part of this 
year as some of plants start volume production and ramp up operations. This will raise export 
demand from India. We are actively engaged in improving efficiencies, which lower our costs. 
We are negotiating an additional color placement hybrid drop at with expected commissioning 
during first half of financial year 2025, '26. This will not only save cost for us but will also 
enable us to meet a major portion of our demand for electricity from captive sources of 
renewable energy. 
 
Finally, the company is filing around to file the draft letter of offer to SEBI to raise funds by a 
rights issue of equity shares. The proceeds will be utilized mainly to reduce the debt for the 
Indian operations as well as at the operating subsidiaries. The Board has also approved further 
raising of funds through the issuance of instruments of security, including equity shares or any 
other security convertible into equity shares, including warrants by way of one or more offerings, 
including a right issue and our preferential issue and our qualified institutions placement or 
through a combination thereof in one or more tranches for an amount not exceeding INR750 
crores. 
 
In accordance with the regulations and subject to necessary approvals, including the approval of 
the members of the company and such are the regulatory statutory approvals as may be required. 
This is an enabling resolution to meet funding requirements for any opportunity, which may 
come up. With that, I would now like to open the floor to questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
I just had one question regarding -- so we were expecting some kind of tariff barrier to kick in 
from 1st of April. But most likely that in the budget that deadline has been shifted to September. 
So can you just brief us about what exactly has happened? And is there any scope of any barriers 
to be certain after September? 
P K Kheruka: 
So actually, the situation is that, there's an exemption circular. The circular comprises a wide 
variety of items in which solar glass is one of them. And because of the impending elections, the 
people were very busy apparently in the Ministry of Finance, and they could not segregate which 
items exemption was to be withdrawn and which one was to continue. That's what they've told 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
us. And therefore, they pushed the whole thing back to 30th September. Of course, we shall be 
continuing to make efforts to have the exemption withdrawn at an earlier date, but this is 
uncertain. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood, sir. So I believe that till we get any kind of exemption all our capex plans that will 
be on hold and -- there is absolutely no scope of any improvement in realizations until the 
barriers are in? 
P K Kheruka: 
So actually, the situation is this that we are continuing with capex as and when required. And in 
fact, every month, we are adding capex because the demand of the industry keeps changing and 
we need to stay alive. And if to do so, we have to meet the demands of the industry of the 
customer that is answering your first question. Regarding the second thing, I just made -- I 
touched upon it. The import freight rate into India from China has gone up from about $700 to 
about $3,200. And therefore, this may have a positive impact on our selling prices. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Are we already seeing the realization to improve in April and May? 
P K Kheruka: 
Yes, there is improvement in realization already. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sharan, an Individual Investor. 
Sharan: 
So recently, I saw news that in U.S. SOLARCYCLE, there is a company which is coming up 
with a plant of $340 million which is about the recycling of solar glass and all the modules. And 
also, they did mention that there is a huge supply of recycling of old solar panels and glass, 
because of that, they are coming up with this. So -- and in the earlier calls also, we discussed 
about our company exploring an opportunity for recycling as well since there is a huge demand 
for that. So do you have any update on that? Where are we on that? 
P K Kheruka: 
We are aware about the SOLARCYCLE plant coming up in U.S.A. at a cost of $340 million. 
As you know that we set up our plans for a complete plan for 550 tons for less than $100 million. 
And so I would say that it's a very expensive plant they're getting. And how much solar glass 
they will find for recycling, again, is a question mark. 
So I would say it's a very, very noble initiative, which they are taking. Its financial, what should 
I say, its financial performance is something which they are the best people to answer. I could 
not make any comment on that. So far as India is concerned, we still have some time to go before 
we are able to consider recycling of solar glass. 
 
At the moment, I don't see those many modules being discarded. So that they probably happen 
after another few years that we have enough, and we are exploring all the technologies which 
are being discussed to recycle solar modules. And there are new technologies coming up every 
once in a while. And since we are not under pressure to do so right now, we are waiting to see 
which one is going to turn out to be the most efficient. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And 2 years back, we wanted to increase our capacity to 3x and because of anti-dumping 
duty that was kept on hold. Assuming that this year, September, if governments put an anti-
dumping duty, do you think that we have lost that 2 years' time frame of the capacity expansion? 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Because from this September, again, if we start -- once we approve and start doing that capacity 
expansion, it may take another 1.5, 2 years. Considering a huge demand, do you think that we 
are -- like we may -- we are maybe behind in the growth of our organization in terms of capacity 
expansion and growth? 
P K Kheruka: 
So I would say that we are actually ahead of others because we have a batch house. It's a very 
expensive component of the entire solar glass manufacturing plant, which is up and ready already 
for 2,000 tons. So if we set up another furnace, we do not need to spend any money on the batch 
house. We'll be saving money on the capital. The second thing, the entire electrical installation 
is already ready with us. 
 
So we will not need to spend any money on that or very little money, that the fundamental 
installation is there with us. So to that extent, we will have a head start on others. Plus, we have 
the land. We have everything worked out. We have the drawings and so on. So we would be off 
to a fast start in case opportunities present themselves. And we will not be lagging behind in 
this, at least as far as I can speak now. Every day is a new day, and we don't know how things 
will unfold. But -- from our point of view, this is what we are thinking today. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir, considering if there is anti-dumping duty in September month by the Indian 
Government, then how much time you think like with all these pre-work for doubling or driving 
the capacity, how many months maximum it may take for you? 
P K Kheruka: 
I mean, I would say, to conservatively 24 months. But in the past, we have set up a furnace 14 
months also. That's what we've done in the past. It doesn't mean we can do it in the future. But 
we have put up an entire furnace in 14 months from the placement of the first order to the 
commencement of production. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And sir, any update on Europe side, any good news from that Europe government on anti-
dumping? 
P K Kheruka: 
The first quarter of this calendar year, which is the last quarter of the last financial year, was our 
worst quarter so far in Europe ever because we were only producing from 1 production line out 
of 2. Sometime in the last week of March, we got enough orders to start the second production 
line. 
And fortunately, we are continuing to get orders, export orders, domestic orders enough to 
continue to use both production lines fully and again, the same issue, which is happening in our 
part of the world here, which is increase in freight rates from China is also happening there. So 
markets there also are seeing a slightly better price as compared to what they were, say, a few 
months ago. So there should be some improvement in realization as well. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And last question, sorry for taking more questions. And Glass Technology also started solar 
glass plant in U.A.E. about worth of 350 million. So my question is, like there are many players 
coming up with new plants. Do we have a plan to capture these market shares? Like do we have 
any customers in U.A.E. since they are coming up with new plant, why you are not able to 
capture that market? And how are they getting benefit with competition from China and 
Vietnam? Can you throw some light on this? 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
P K Kheruka: 
You see the money they've spent on that plant seems to be very, very high. So the investment 
cost per tonne of glass produced is very large, and there's something that we cannot count in, in 
that kind of investment. So if you look at depreciation, interest, and other things, it would not be 
very inexpensive, let me put it that way. And everybody comes up with his own luck, you can 
say, which is their own abilities and things like that. 
So I cannot really predict how they will do, but -- it's -- I guess, generally speaking, the demand 
for our solar modules worldwide is ramping up. And I hope that they find a niche for themselves 
wherever they can. They have spoken about selling to Europe. I can say that the 3 largest module 
plants in Europe have shut their shutters. So that's how it is. But we'll have to wait and see how 
they fare. 
Ashok Jain: 
So from our perspective, there is not much demand in that part of the world where they are 
setting up the plant because there is not much manufacturing of module happening over there. 
But I think they are going to be exporting and we also have export base across the globe. So we 
will be competing with that them in future, I suppose. And we have our customer base, which 
will help us to continue to sell our products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vijay Gupta an Individual Investor. 
Vivek Gupta: 
This is a little correction there. I'm Vivek Gupta not Vijay Gupta. Sir, I spoke with you in the 
last conference call also. So I'm just extending my conversation on those lines. I just want to 
understand what is the cost of glass production which we are incurring today versus the Chinese 
glass prices which are being sold in India? 
P K Kheruka: 
Chinese glass prices are much lower than the cost of production of glass in India. Because see, 
we pay all duties and taxes. We have no kind of rebate. We have no support from the government 
in our selling prices. 
Vivek Gupta: 
So no, the cost of production, not the selling cost of Borosil, the cost of glass production, which 
you're incurring currently for production? 
Ashok Jain: 
Just to clarify, the Chinese are having subsidized cost. Whereas Borosil has no subsidies 
whatsoever. So from that perspective, our costs are a little higher. In terms of the percentage, if 
you were to know at what price Chinese sales versus whatever cost is, it is about 10% to 15% 
higher in terms of our cost. So that's the kind of subsidies they have, they're selling at prices 
offset by the subsidies. Their cost may be equal, but it is subsidized. 
Vivek Gupta: 
So I was just thinking, sir, maybe this is a wrong question, but I wanted to understand if Chinese 
glass is available at much cheaper cost in India than the production costs, which you're incurring 
so why go and produce the glass itself. Just procure the Chinese glass with the label for Borosil 
Renewables and sell it to the customers. 
P K Kheruka: 
You see, the thing is that under WTO, if you look at the long-term intention of the Government 
of India, the intention in the government, especially with the Prime Minister, very unequivocally 
is that you have to Make in India. And there are all kinds of geopolitical reasons why India wants 
to lessen the dominance of China in India's economy. And this morning, I was in a conference 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
call with the Honourable Ambassador of India to China, and he was repeating the same thing 
that the government is very keen that India starts producing on our own soil, the items that we 
need most. 
 
And it is very much in the focus of the government that India should manufacture everything 
that it needs on its own soil. So they will come up with -- there are remedies available under 
WTO, the World Trade Organization where it can be established that if there is any subsidy, 
then the WTO permits the government of the affected country to levy an anti-dumping duty on 
the imports of that product. And that is the route we are going to follow. 
Ashok Jain: 
For the similar reasons, what has been discussed, the government would not have levied any 
custom duty on import of modules and solar cells if cost was the only consideration because -- 
the modules are now subjected to 44.5% duty. The government could have very well done their 
solar program without attracting this duty at a cheaper cost than the domestic industry would not 
have even grown. So that is not the kind of logic you always follow in the working of any 
country. The domestic production is very important, and this is a very strategic sector, Energy 
Security. 
Vivek Gupta: 
I get that point. What I'm trying to understand is there's a time that things are not good, like it is 
not rosy for Borosil. So let's just procure the Chinese glass at cheaper cost, it will give us margins 
also sell it in India to the players who are like wanting that glass also. Let's not -- let's do that 
part and keep everything -- everyone happy like Borosil on the margin front and shareholders 
on the number side. So this is just a thought. 
Ashok Jain: 
But the problem is that this import duty, which is exempted, is subject to actual user condition. 
So we are not actually there in that -- if we import and sell in the market, then the duty will be 
attracted at 15% so it will no longer be cheaper for us and for our customers. So trading is not 
possible. If we were using captively for our own module production, then it was fine. 
P K Kheruka: 
There's other issue under the laws of anti-dumping applications and so on. If we have imported 
a certain product in the past, on which we now are seeking anti-dumping duty, we are not even 
eligible to apply so that's why we have to stay with it, otherwise, we cannot seek remedies 
afterwards. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. That helps. I have another question, sir. So I have seen that the overseas acquisition, 
which you have done, it has backfired to a great extent. You believe it or not, that's a separate 
story, but I do believe that has backfired Borosil to a great extent. From the time we have 
acquired that subsidiary. So we are spending a lot of money for its maintenance. There are no 
numbers which are coming on that. 
And then we are being very hopeful of that giving us numbers in the future. So you see that there 
is a debt overhang, which has come up as a part of that acquisition. Now we are raising funds to 
clear up that debt -- not sure what was the idea behind the acquisition at the wrong point of time? 
Can you throw some light there, please? 
P K Kheruka: 
When we bought the company, they had made a margin of EUR17 million on sales of EUR60 
million. In a country like Germany to have that kind of a margin is unthinkable. So that is one. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
The second is we had been shipping glass to Germany for many, many years, more than 12, 13 
years. 
And this company has a very high reputation for very high quality, and it's a first-rate company. 
So when the existing -- the previous owners wanted to sell it, they actually evaluated us also 
whether we were fit to run that company. And they said that you are very fit to run the company. 
And we agreed to buy it. 
 
At that time, these issues were not there. What we see is that beginning from July of '23, the 
Chinese have particularly, crashed if that's the word to use because they have dropped their 
prices like anything. And I think it is just a game they are playing to establish world domination 
on the production of energy from renewable sources. But so again, there's a very strong counter 
current to that in Germany and in the European Union in its entirety. 
As you can -- as you probably know already, in the United States, they have imposed a 50% 
import duty on imports of solar cells and modules from China. So they are really very strong 
and encouraging domestic production. Same story in Europe. It is because Germany is ruled by 
a coalition government, there are 3 parties to that, and we know how coalition governments work 
is taking a little time. But in the meantime, we are getting export inquiries, which we are meeting 
very happily. 
 We are investing in the German company. So we have done -- brought in equipment, which will 
reduce the cost significantly. So we are well attuned with the management in that company. So 
we are working together very closely. Of course, we own it, but it's a fully German management, 
and we are working well with them. So we are hopeful about it in short. 
Vivek Gupta: 
And sir, one last and basic question is like being a shareholder in the company, I think the 
company is not able to deliver on anything. I understand there is no ADD and the basic custom 
duty also getting extended until September and all. So what keeps a shareholder motivated to be 
invested in Borosil in current scenario? And do you see Borosil as a takeover candidate by the 
bigger players in the market, which have some modules manufacturing at all so that there could 
be an end-to-end cycle production which they can do in the house? 
P K Kheruka: 
We are actually -- one of the thoughts we have in our head is the possibility certainly exists for 
us to make modules as well. And that -- we are not ruling it out. We have not thought about it. 
We have not -- it's not an active proposal, but a lot of people within the organization are asking 
me this question. Should we not be making modules. And so it's something which we cannot 
rule out, but it's just a discussion. 
Vivek Gupta: 
And sir, takeover candidate will Borosil be a takeover candidate down the line? 
Ashok Jain: 
We are not sellers; we are only bullish in the industry. So we -- I mean, we are growing the 
company in India as well in Germany. So there is no question about being a seller. 
P K Kheruka: 
We are continuing to invest money in capex month after month. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital Limited. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir, the first question I would like to know what would be the difference between the realization 
of ours price and Chinese imported glass price in the country. 
Ashok Jain: 
The pricing is about the same. Maybe we are getting about 2%, 3% extra, but the pricing is using 
the benchmark to the Chinese prices. Landed cost of Chinese goods and our price is similar to 
that. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay. So because your realization has come up. So obviously, for reasons you have stated. But 
now... 
Ashok Jain: 
Reasons are explained like the Chinese have dropped the prices, import freight rates have gone 
down, which is why the lended cost has gone down and which has affected the prices. 
Jiten Rushi: 
But sir, in ALMM and DCR content requirement, I understand most of the module manufacturer 
in the country are using Chinese glass or from the other countries. So is  the management getting 
in discussion with the government,  whether they are planning for a DCR contain in which we 
can use only domestically manufactured solar glass. Is this a proposal in the pipeline? Or is the 
discussion will be administered something like if you can throw some light on that. 
P K Kheruka: 
We've discussed this issue with the authorities about including ancillary products also in DCR 
and it's under their consideration. And there's another matter, you see right now what is 
happening that there are severe delays in shipments of glass for those people who have very 
happily decided to buy glass from China, and they -- it's going to impact their production. So 
one cannot just simply bank on imported products because you never know what's going to 
happen when. 
And therefore, the people who are our customers, they are very happy that they bought from us 
because they continue to get the glass and their production is not suffering. So for the sake of a 
9% cost of where the total cost is only 9% for  component like glass, if they suppose decide to 
save 10% and buy it instead of 9%, it is 8.1%. And the entire production program goes for a toss 
then that becomes a very expensive decision that saving becomes very costly. So I think a lot of 
the customers are aware about that. And therefore, they are buying some quantities from us, and 
they buy some quantities from imports and free market, everybody takes his own decision. 
Jiten Rushi: 
But utilization of yours like at this peak, like you are at 85%, 90%. So now with the capex, as 
you said, so probably I understand is right issue you're looking to do capex and bring down the 
debt, right? So capex will take time because once you become profitable, we can go for the capex 
and again, as you're looking for being the solar as a solution to support to power in terms of the 
captive power plant. So these and again module, which you said that module requires a very low 
capex aside our module plan, probably you already have a land, and you require a capex as per 
readout. 
So if you are looking to integrate and going to some backward integration model, where you 
have your own power, your own module manufacturing where you can use your own glass how 
much capex you are targeting to invest in for these things in the next couple of years while you 
are also looking for the right issue to bring down your working capital. So this -- these are very 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
significant decisions for -- by the company, but eventually probably should improve your bottom 
line. 
P K Kheruka: 
See, this year, we are planning to spend over INR100 crores in capex and this is for balancing 
equipment, which is required now because the type of glass, which is being demanded by the 
customers in order to make that to manufacture that we need to spend this capex. And we have 
the services, we have the land, we have a built-up property, where all this is going to be installed. 
So there is no extra on that and we have the manpower and highly skilled engineers and things 
like that. So all of this is going to just make us much stronger, really speaking. 
Ashok Jain: 
So this -- actually, this INR100 crores includes 3 components. One is on the solar wind hybrid 
close INR20 crores which will be used in generating captive power. Another INR20 crores is 
for the processing equipment, what Mr. Kheruka just mentioned and about INR50 crores to  
INR55 crores is on the proposed rebuild of the first 2 furnaces. These furnaces will become due 
for rebuild in next 1 year or so or maybe 2 years. So we are getting ready. We are just buying 
the refractories and other items for that so that we are ready for any eventuality, and we are then 
able to deploy. So this INR100 crores is broken up into 3 parts. 
P K Kheruka: 
If the furnace is last longer, we will happily work it. But we have to be prepared.. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj Lath, an Individual Investor. 
Pankaj Lath: 
So my question is, in the past, Borosil used to take pride in launching innovative products. I 
remember 2 glass being launched some years ago. So a), the question is, what is the traction on 
those products? And b), are we looking at product differentiation to beat the competition or we 
are just looking at pricing as we need to in the future? 
P K Kheruka: 
So the 2 millimeter, which we launched in 2017, we were about 5 years ahead of the time. The 
product sort of started getting traction in 2022. And now of course, it's a very important product 
and everybody wants it. So we are fortunately ready with it. We are able to supply it. The other 
thing is now that they want a grid printed glass. So there's a white paint, which is used to print 
the back of the glass which improves the power generation. And we have already implemented 
that. And we have been selling that. Our product is very much likened, and we are all the Indian 
glass manufacturers of solar glass do not have this. 
 
We do -- we have it in perhaps one more has it, but nobody else has. And there is -- so this is 
something which is coming up, and we are spending money on getting more lines to manufacture 
this product. We have -- we are the only people in India, certainly. And very few in the world 
who make a product called an anti-glare glass, which is suitable for use near airports because 
existing solar panels, they reflect the sun into the eyes of pilots and they cannot land there, they 
cannot operate the aircraft near airports. 
But we have developed a product, which we have also sold to Indian airports and to international 
airports, which are able to give you solar power without giving a glare to the pilots. So that is 
something new that we've developed. And these things keep on happening. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Ashok Jain: 
This 2-millimeter glass is now almost 20%- 25% of our portfolio and which will soon become 
almost 60%- 65% by end of this year. So this is very much the requirement now. And also, the 
other thing, what we have done is to come up quickly is the large-format glass because there's a 
demand for larger module which started to become very popular. 
We have been able to introduce the large size of glass for those modules, and which is now 
almost 90% of the requirement of the glass by the module manufacturers. So we have been 
keeping abreast of the market developments and trying to supply the product as required by the 
customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jegadees Sharma an individual Investor. 
Jegadees Sharma: 
I have three questions. The first question is, I saw a presentation that the capacity expansion is 
being on hold. Why is that sir? Because I asked this question, why this question is, when the 
situation is bad, and we are doing our capacity, and we are ready for the future. Isn't that how it 
should be? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So actually, the capex plan was put on hold by the Board of Directors, looking at the 
scenario where there was no visibility of a proper return on investment. So before committing 
funds and before raising any funds from the, say, shareholders or from a few of the investor, one 
is to really see whether there is enough amount of return on capital appearing in the projection. 
Before that, we cannot allocate  the capital. So we decided purposely to wait for right duty 
structure to be in place before we can move into this large project of say INR1,100-plus crores. 
So we have put it on hold, but we will review it at an opportune time and take a decision. 
Jegadees Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. So my second question is like, are you planning to enter into this EPC space 
because this is like a space for all the solar-related players -- so are you related -- are you 
planning to enter into the space, sir? 
Ashok Jain: 
No. We have no wish to get into that business. So we are in the manufacture of the glass and 
allied ancillaries maybe, but not in the EPC or other type of businesses. We have yet to come to 
a reasonable size of glass manufacturing as we can see. 
Jegadees Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. Any guidance for FY '25? 
Ashok Jain: 
We are doing our best and in case the duty comes into play by 1st of October, which is what we 
are expecting, the situation in second half could be better from that perspective. 
Jegadees Sharma: 
All the best for FY '25 sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
P.K.Kheruka: 
Thank you very much, dear investors, for your questions. We appreciate the interest that you 
take in the business, and it gives us the initiative to continue to work hard to continue to do our 
best so that we can maximize returns for our investors. So thank you very much, and we look 
forward to meeting you again after the next quarter. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
May 28, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
BOROSIL 
·-fenewables 
