   
 
 
 
 
 
Casting the Future 
 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited, Gat No. 1426, Shikrapur,                T: +91 21 3767 7100 
www.alicongroup.co.in  
Tal. Shirur, Dist: Pune – 412 208, Maharashtra – India          F: +91 21 3767 7130 
CIN: L99999PN1990PLC059487 
 
Ref No.: Alicon/Stock Exch/Letter/2024-33 
 
 
May 25, 2024 
 
To
To
The Manager
The Manager
The Department of Corporate Services
The Listing Department
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on  
18th May 2024, after announcement of the Audited Financial Results for quarter and financial 
year ended March 31, 2024. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the Company.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
 
 
Amruta Joshi  
Company Secretary 
 
AMRUTA 
JEEVAN JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
AMRUTA JEEVAN JOSHI 
Date: 2024.05.25 
12:11:26 +05'30'

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 27  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 18, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Alicon Castalloy Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR, India. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Alicon 
Castalloy Limited's Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us on the call 
today, Mr. Vimal Gupta, Group CFO; and Mr. Rajiv Gupta: Head of Domestic 
Business of Alicon Castalloy Limited.  
 
Mr. Vimal Gupta: will cover the operating highlights and financial performance for 
the quarter, following which Mr. Rajiv Gupta: will provide insights on domestic 
business and developments in global markets. Thereafter, we shall open the call 
for the Q&A session. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of you 
earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening remarks. 
Over to you, sir. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 27  
Vimal Gupta: 
Good morning to all our investors. Thank you for taking the time out to join our 
earnings call on a Saturday. I trust that all of you have had a chance to review our 
earnings documents, which were shared earlier. 
 
We are delighted to report the highest ever quarterly Revenue for Alicon in Q4. 
Further, with revenues of Rs. 421 crore in Q4, we have surpassed the milestone of 
Rs. 400 crore in quarterly revenues for the second successive quarter. This has 
been driven by the effort to develop capabilities for and serve new technology 
platforms in the auto industry, expansion into new geographies, renewed focus on 
value engineering and capability augmentation and has been supported by 
positive trends in our established business lines.  
 
In prior earnings calls, we have conveyed to investors to closely track the 
following three themes that underscore Alicon's business transformation for 
insights into our progress and evolving business model. 
 
We continue to increase the share of Passenger Vehicles (PV) and Commercial 
Vehicles (CV) in our product mix. This has reached 52% of sales in FY24 compared 
to 49% in FY23. 
 
Secondly, our customer profile is evolving with the addition of prestigious global 
names, including leading Global OEMs and Tier 1 companies, highlighting Alicon's 
growing stature in the industry. 
 
Thirdly, our business composition is shifting towards expertise in design, research 
& development and value engineering. Alicon now distinguishes itself by winning 
business based on innovation, technology, and design, positioning us as a solution 
provider rather than just a source of low-cost components. 
 
As we continue to adapt and innovate, these themes serve as key indicators for 
investors to assess our ongoing transformation and strategic direction. 
 
Now, turning to the financial performance for Q4FY24, total income reached Rs. 
421 crore, a 31% increase compared to Rs. 321 crore in Q4FY23. When compared 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 27  
with total income of Rs. 406 crore in Q3FY24, this indicates sequential quarter 
growth of 4%. Revenue growth has been driven by scaling up of production for 
new parts and new logos added recently including many critical parts being 
supplied to marquee customers.  
 
The gross margin for the quarter was 54.1% in Q4FY24 compared to 51.6% in 
Q4FY23, higher by ~250 basis points on a year-on-year basis. This is primarily due 
to the improving product mix accompanied by positive impact from the stabilising 
of alloy prices at lower levels.  
 
There has been a sharp rise in employee costs which are higher in Q4 by 33% on a 
year-on-year basis. About one third of the increase is due to increments, increase 
in minimum wage and new hires in line with operational growth and incremental 
production. The larger part of the increase is due to the impact of the ESOP cost of 
around Rs. 3.6 crore for the quarter and Rs. 14.4 crore for the full year period, 
which is a non-cash charge.  
 
Shifting our focus to profitability, EBITDA for quarter 4 was Rs. 59 crore, an 
increase of 78% from Rs. 33 crore in the same quarter last year. The EBITDA 
margin for Q4FY24 has improved to 14% in comparison to 10.3% in Q4FY23 after 
absorbing the sharp rise in employee costs and increase in other expenses. I am 
pleased to share that we have reported an improvement in the EBITDA margin by 
370 basis points on a year-on-year basis and by nearly 100 basis points on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 
Finance Cost was higher by 27% on a year-on-year basis from Rs. 8.6 crore to Rs. 
10.8 crore in line with increased borrowing and higher interest rates. We also 
witnessed an increase in depreciation which was higher by 25% on a year-on-year 
basis from Rs. 16.7 crore in Q4 last year to Rs. 20.9 crore in Q4FY24. The increase 
in depreciation has been driven by addition of new assets, as well as leasing some 
machines which have to be adjusted over a maximum useful life of 5 years as per 
prevailing accounting standards. Thirdly, we re-evaluated and shortened the 
useful life of some other assets which has also contributed to the increase in 
depreciation.  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 27  
 
Despite higher finance cost and depreciation, PBT has increased by 2.5 times from 
Rs. 8 crore in Q4 last year to Rs. 27.4 crore in Q4 FY24.  
 
Profit After Tax for Q4FY24 was Rs. 20.5 crore as compared to Rs. 9.7 crore in 
Q4FY23, higher by 112% on a year-on-year basis. On a sequential quarter, PAT was 
higher by 23% from Rs. 16.7 crore to Rs. 20.5 crore. 
  
For the financial year 2023-24, Total income was Rs. 1,563 crore as against Rs. 
1,405 crore in the corresponding period last year, growing by 11% YoY. The gross 
margin for the full year was 51.5% as compared to 49.2% in FY23. EBITDA for 
FY2024 stood at Rs. 199 crore against Rs. 157 crore in FY2023, higher by 27% year-
on-year basis.  
 
Some of you would recall our prior earnings calls where we had indicated that we 
will increase the EBITDA margin by 100 basis points in FY24. I am pleased to share 
that we have improved the full year EBITDA margin by over 150 basis points to 
12.7% in FY24 from 11.2% in FY23 based on our reported numbers. We continue 
to remain confident about the upward direction in margin given the improving 
product mix.  
 
There was a sharp increase in PBT which increased by 31% YoY from Rs. 62 crore 
in FY23 to Rs. 81 crore in FY24. Due to the tax adjustment in the prior year, caused 
by the shift from the old tax regime to the new tax regime, the increase in Profit 
after tax for FY24 was 19% YoY as it increased to Rs. 61 crore against Rs. 51 crore 
last year. 
 
In terms of capex, we have spent around Rs. 30 crore during Q4 and an aggregate 
of Rs. 114 crore during the financial year. This is largely due to machinery for 
production as well as investments into new product development. Given the 
heightened level of activity at present, this is slightly ahead of our target capex 
deployment of around Rs. 90 crores indicated at the start of FY24. 
 
Coming to the outlook:  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 27  
Looking ahead, we envisage revenue growth of around 15% in FY24-25 which will 
result in total income moving from Rs. 1,560 crore in FY24 to around Rs.1,800 
crore in FY25. This is predicated on the healthy pipeline of SOP from new products 
and new customers. Further, the deferment of volumes during FY24 will now 
contribute to revenues in FY25.  
 
Thereafter, we are poised to take the business to newer heights as we aim to 
deliver a revenue of over Rs. 2,200 crores by FY 2025-26. This equates to a CAGR 
of over 16% for a period of three years. Our confidence stems from the new 
orders which we have received and discussions with customers on new 
technologies and solutions. 
 
We believe we have a strong runway for growth as passenger vehicle penetration 
in India is still very low at 32 units per 1,000 people whereas China has reached a 
level of 223 units per 1,000 people or 7x of India. Countries like Germany, Japan 
and the US are at penetration levels that are 20x that of India. Thus, India will 
remain a strong growth market for a while and other countries will offer 
opportunities that are a combination of growth and replacement.  
 
In addition to the absolute growth of the vehicle market in India, it is estimated 
that by FY2030-31 the split for Passenger Vehicles will be 60% ICE, 25% Hybrid and 
15% Battery Electric. This indicates that ICE remains relevant and will continue to 
grow. Hybrid also provides a compelling opportunity as does the EV or Carbon 
Neutral opportunity. Alicon is in a sweet spot as it is well positioned with high 
content per vehicle in all three technology verticals.  
 
Even as indications remain that 4W growth will be substantial, we are also excited 
by the opportunity ahead for Commercial Vehicles given the projected spend on 
infrastructure and the trends in urbanisation.  
 
To give you a glimpse of how we are already capitalising on these opportunities, I 
would like to share that we are witnessing significant traction in EV volumes and 
are engaged in crucial projects to boost our production capabilities. For example, 
the e-Axle prototype we developed for JLR, will enter mass production this 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 27  
quarter from our plants in India. This product has enhanced our technological 
capabilities and enriched our know-how in offering thermal solutions.  
 
The market is also shifting towards hybrid technology, and I'm pleased to report 
that we are leading this transition. Our cylinder heads for Toyota are designed 
specifically for their hybrid models, reflecting our advanced position in this 
technology. 
 
As hybrid technology gains broader acceptance, we anticipate further volume 
increases. OEMs like Maruti are also embracing this trend. Our strategic focus on 
future-ready technology and innovation has positioned us ahead of the curve in 
EV space, and we are now applying the same approach to hybrids. 
 
Additionally, our concentration on critical components, particularly in the EV 
sector, has allowed us to secure significant contracts, setting us apart from 
competitors in this segment. 
 
We also anticipate further traction from global customers such as DANA, Mahle 
and Danfoss even as domestic two-wheeler customers are showing initial signs of 
a revival in demand. 
 
In addition to the growth from increased volumes and therefore revenue, we also 
expect to deliver an improved margin profile. We have already mentioned our 
aspiration to take the EBITDA Margin to around 14% which we have already 
delivered upon in Q4FY24 itself. Lastly, we are looking to drive efficiencies across 
the balance sheet and in working capital which will contribute towards enhanced 
return ratios too.  
 
On that note, I would now like to hand it over to Mr. Rajiv Gupta, who will talk 
about developments in the domestic business and share highlights for the global 
business. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Thank you, Vimaji. Greetings to all of you. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 27  
In Q4 FY24, Auto dispatches for the domestic industry showed an improved 
performance, especially the 2W segment, which witnessed healthy double-digit 
YoY growth. This includes: 
 
10% growth in PV segment in Q4 on a yoy basis  
 
26% growth in 2W segment on a yoy basis 
 
1% de-growth in CV segment on a yoy basis 
Within the PV segment, there is clearly dominance of UVs with both, customer 
interest and market share steadily rising. Importantly, we are witnessing a trend 
where customers who were on the fence with regard to purchasing EV now 
conclusively shifting to Hybrid or ICE vehicles. This is starting to positively impact 
demand for traditional products. 
In Q4 FY2024, the retail volume of CVs saw a marginal decline. We believe this is 
largely due to a shift towards higher tonnage trucks, resulting in increased payload 
capacity but impacting volumes of LCVs and MCVs.  
Further, 2 Wheelers tend to witness a pickup in volumes ahead of the elections 
given the onground activities required to be undertaken across the country.  The 
outlook for 2 wheelers is expected to be positive in FY25 too as traction is shifting 
from EVs to ICE products. 
Coming to some of the key business programs this quarter. For Maruti, as 
indicated in the prior quarter, we witnessed ramp up in volumes during the 
quarter as one of the cylinder heads we supply moved into SOP. Further, cylinder 
head for another model completed the validation stage and is set to go into SOP 
in Q1. The volume of both cylinder heads combined will provide significant 
volume increase in FY25 from Maruti Suzuki. Further, we will also be supplying to 
their Gujarat plant next year.  
With respect to the supply of cylinder heads to Stellantis, which commenced in 
Q3, it has now moved into mass production in Q4. As we had indicated, these will 
be for the domestic market and will also be assembled and exported to Europe. 
Stellantis is seeking to create an engine manufacturing hub in Hosur in India and 
Alicon is the single source supplier of Cylinder Heads for those engines. As 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 27  
anticipated, volumes have shown an initial pick up in Q4 and we are set for a 
complete ramp up in FY25.  
The outlook for 2W volumes is also increasing and with election expenditure 
combined with outlook for a normal monsoon indicates that rural demand may 
sustain. In that light, we anticipate that our key 2W customers will increase their 
requirements. While we have indicated a focus on 4W business and higher value-
added products, we remain steadfast in enhancing volumes in 2W in order to 
sweat our assets and operate our installed capacities at optimum levels.  
We also see some revival in momentum in the Non-Auto segment with the 
increasing spend of the Government Infrastructure and Defence and the renewed 
vigour for ‘Make in India’ campaign. As you may be aware, for the last several 
years we have been supplying aluminum wheels to enable light weighting of 
battle tanks. With a healthy level of demand witnessed for our products catering 
to the defence sector, we have added 2 types of wheels to be supplied over next 3 
years. These pertain to regular size tanks as well as for larger sized tanks, as we 
had indicated last quarter.  
In the global business, we had shared that the prototype of the e-axle for JLR was 
approved and supplies were ramped-up in the fourth quarter which has 
contributed to the upward momentum during the quarter. The production for 
battery housing for JLR is also progressing well and production at the Illichman 
facility was at peak volumes during the quarter.  
 
From Daimler, we have a significant long-term package under development which 
was added in Q3, for which we expect approvals in Q1 and Q2 this year. Supplies 
are set to commence from 2026, continuing until 2035. Thereafter, we have 
added further orders in Q4FY24 comprising 6 parts from Daimler.  
 
With these developments, the global business contributed to 28% of the total 
revenue during quarter 4 which is a significant improvement compared to 21% in 
Q4 last year. For the full year, global business was 25% during FY24 compared to 
22% in the prior financial year.   

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 27  
The share of international business is set to improve further as during quarter 4 
we added 12 new parts from 4 existing customers this quarter. This includes 2 
parts from EV or Carbon Neutral, 2 parts from non-auto and 8 parts from ICE. Of 
these 12 parts added, 2 parts pertain to the domestic business and 10 parts 
pertain to international business.  
The new business added is aligned to our strategy of higher value add as 94% of 
business added in Q4 pertains to 4 wheelers. On a geographic basis, 94% of the 
new business added during the quarter is for global markets. 
For the full year we have added 50 new parts from 17 customers. Here too, in 
keeping with our strategy, 95% of business added in FY24 pertains to 4 wheelers. 
On a geographic basis, 85% of the new business added during FY24 is for global 
markets. 
Globally, prominent customers such as DANA, Danfoss, TACO and Mahle are set to 
scale up volumes. Further, we have noticed an increase in number of enquiries 
from global customers and we see buyers from US and Europe indicating interest 
to source larger quantities of products from Alicon. There is a clear shift in the 
minds of global customers and we see increasing recognition for Alicon as a 
partner and supplier of choice for critical parts in their upcoming projects.  
Our recent success with one of the global OEMs where we were able to produce a 
key part for them with a unique solution, in a reliable and cost-effective manner, 
enabling them to avoid large investments required under the traditional 
approach. This solution will aid them in enhancing the performance of the vehicle. 
These successes enable the creation of a partnership, beyond that of simple 
supplier relationship, which creates opportunities to participate in future projects.   
In terms of operating landscape, we see normalcy returning in Europe. Electricity 
and gas prices are stable, and availability has also improved. In terms of raw 
materials, aluminum prices have been less volatile than in the past.  
During Q4FY24, Alicon has booked new orders aggregating Rs. 150 crore. With 
this, our total new order booking has reached Rs. 9,150 crore which is executable 
over a period of 6 years from 2023-24 upto 2028-29.   

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 27  
On this note, we can open the floor for questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take our first question from the line of Raghunandhan 
N. L. from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.  
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Congratulations to the team for a wonderful set of numbers, Vimal-ji, Rajiv-ji, 
congratulations. Sir, firstly, to Rajiv sir. If you can share the segmental mix for  
FY'24, 2-wheeler, PV, CV? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes, for the full year for last year, the total sales, if we talk about contribution. So, 
2-wheelers was 40% of the total pie. Passenger vehicles were 33%, commercial 
were 19% and non-auto by 6%. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. And Sir when you look at exports, roughly would CV-PV 50-50 in 
exports? What could be the broad mix? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Somewhere same figures, but we'll review and get back to you on this. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
And what would be the EV share, sir, in FY 24? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
EV was 12%. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Wonderful. And in terms of the revenue outlook. If I heard it correctly, Rs. 1,850 
crores for FY'25 and Rs. 2,200 crores for FY'26. Would that be right, sir? 
Vimal Gupta: 
For FY'25, it is Rs. 1,800 crores. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Okay, and the new orders to be executed as highlighted. So Maruti, JLR, Toyota, 
TSA, Dana, MAHLE. These would be the main OEMs, sir, driving the new order 
execution? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Danfoss. And then the growth of the 2-wheeler also that is going to support. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it. In 2-wheeler any major OEM, sir, from whom order inflows have been 
strong? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So mainly that the drivers you'll see that this Honda Motorcycle, so they are doing 
very well, and you must have seen that they have surpassed the number of Hero. 
So yes, we are the almost single source approximately we are supplying 88% to 
90%. Our share of business is there. So there, it will grow. And Hero is also 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 27  
growing maybe not in the pie, but the overall numbers are growing. So, they are 
approaching, and we are seeing the good inflow of the order I mean numbers the 
order is increasing month-on-month basis, there is increase by volume from Hero 
also. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
And particularly from Honda, the content per vehicle is larger than other OEMs. 
And that's a good sign where the Honda volumes are increasing. This year also, 
they are talking about more than a double-digit growth. So that's a positive sign 
where we are working to materialize in this financial year. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Would this also include the new EV of Honda because there again, content will 
increase for you? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
In this financial, there's only marginal numbers at the last quarter. But as 
mentioned, we don't intend to enter in that segment the opportunity with the 2-
wheelers is very less, which I've explained in previous calls. the content per 
vehicle of aluminium in a 2-wheeler is low, and we have mentioned that we would 
like to shift to passenger and commercial vehicles. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it sir. And sir, for ESOPs, it was Rs. 14.4 crores in FY'24. What is the 
expectation for FY'25? 
Vimal Gupta: 
It is around Rs. 4 crores. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it. And given that for margin outlook, if I take for FY'25 there is some increase 
in freight cost because of Red Sea issues. There is some aluminium price increase 
would you expect all this to be passed through, and we should be able to say 
sustain 14% or increase from here? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. These are the big like the freight rate is always a pass-through cost. So maybe 
like we have seen for FY'23-'24 our overall full year margin is around 12.7%. So 
that I was explaining because we were targeting to reach across 14% by FY'25-'26. 
But now we are expecting that maybe in this year, full year, we will hit this 14%. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
That's wonderful to hear, sir. And capex, what would be the expectation for 
FY'25? And what would be the areas of spend? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Mainly that now this year, we will have a bigger capex. So approximately at this 
moment, the estimation is around Rs. 150 crore. The main reason is that now we 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 27  
have to build up the capacities for the new orders especially for the e-Axle the 
major part will go to the JLR e-Axle capacity building up because only the common 
machines are very less, so these are the bigger parts, bigger machines then the 
quality requirements, their processes. 
 
We have to build up the capacity for the PSA Infosys almost robotic lines we have 
to put and then these are the mainly for the new projects as well as the 
maintenance capex is there, then we are more focused because if you have seen 
our P&L and I have also explained the manpower cost. Because major it is coming, 
especially in the Maharashtra the minimum wage side. So, there is a huge increase 
that we have seen in the last year also, again, we have seen some increase in this 
year already started so the focus is coming to the automation. So now some part 
of the capex we have kept further automation of the processes to bring the cost 
of under control. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Understood, sir. And what would be our capacity in tonnage terms, sir? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Capacity utilization you're talking about or the total capacity. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Utilization is around 70%, as you mentioned in the presentation. But would it be 
right to look at capacity in tonnage terms or that would not be meaningful? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Around 50,000 plus we can say like that we have . 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Got it, sir. And last question to Rajiv. Rajiv, sir, would you have the machining mix 
for FY '24? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
61%. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
61% and this should only increase right going ahead? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes, when it is because the only, we are doing the 2-wheeler cylinder at. All other 
products may be some parts for the 4-wheeler cylinder, we are doing half 
machining. But whatever the business we are adding, that is fully machined parts. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital 
Markets. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Vimal sir and Rajiv sir congratulations on the good set of numbers and also 
executing order in a decent way. So just wanted an update on the order book side, 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 27  
what are targets going ahead, how we are targeting to execute till FY'29. And also 
how big is the opportunity in Maruti only we are supplying cylinder head or any 
other part also, if you can update. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, till the time, Rajiv, gives the explanation about the order book. So, for the 
Maruti, first, we have started the cylinder heads, right? And that is a very big 
opportunity, I'd say, because that at this moment, this is only a start. So, one 
model we are supplying to them. And second is almost now we have got the 
validation. So that will be a ramp up, we will see in this year. And the new model, 
they are coming up. So maybe I think they are developing for the hybrid so that is 
going to be really what we see that major breakthrough for the Maruti. 
 
So they will announce shortly. So, hopefully, we will have that cylinder head with 
Alicon so that is a big opportunity on this side. For other parts, making but they 
are doing the high pressure. Some parts, they have approached us. So we are in 
assessment that what part we can do like already we are doing from engine 
mounting brackets and maybe some manifolds or some other parts, structural 
parts, they have approached us. So, at this moment, we are assessing that how we 
have to deal with this. Maybe in the next quarter, we will come out with what 
finally we are going to do with them. And now Rajiv is going to explain about the 
order book. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Further to add on Maruti, we see a good opportunity with the hybrid acceptance 
by customers. Like you are aware that we are supplying, and we are single source 
for Toyota 2 motors, 1.7, 2 liters. So, this same platform will go to the Maruti 
Grand Vitara and Invicto. So, where we see a good volume generation. And 
together, they are working on a lot of hybrid models. So, we see an incremental 
volume for the existing volumes going forward. So that is, again, a good addition 
for Alicon.  
Now talking about order booking, yes, it is going quite well. And last year also, we 
have achieved sales of around 97%, 98% of what we have planned. So roughly 
around Rs. 770 crore in order bookings, what we have planned. And this year, we 
are aiming to a sale of around Rs. 1,200 crores from the new business. The 
momentum is going good, as I've stated in the past also, like whatever additions 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 27  
till date. So around 83% of businesses from the 4 wheelers and around 56% is 
from the global customers. 
 
And in the total chart, about 22% is also from the non-auto. And even if I split the 
hybrid, that's more than 8% in hybrid on the order booking, what we have 
generated. So, this means we are touching all the avenues so that we can take 
leverage of all the segments going forward. And the order bookings, we have now 
a clear booking of around Rs. 9,150 crores from FY'23-'24 to next 6 years till  
FY'28-'29. So, there will also be a strong on execution and utilizing the orders what 
we have and converting to sale. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Yash Dalal from Sushil Financial 
Services. 
Yash Dalal: 
Firstly, congratulations to the management for reporting your highest ever 
quarterly revenues for second successive quarter. My first question is, what is the 
volume growth in Q4? Because revenues have slightly increased this quarter 
where EBITDA margins have risen to 14% from 13% last quarter if we don't 
account for ESOPs and onetime expenses. So, what is the fall in realization this 
quarter due to raw material price fall? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So raw material prices actually that the improvement in the margin is due to that I 
explained that two reasons. One is change in the sales mix, and another is the 
settlement of the alloy prices because in the quarter 4, those were on the lower 
side. So that is the reason we can see that the improvement in the margins. So 
major driver is that the sales mix, what we say. And we have started some new 
parts like JLR prototype, we have started. So those supplies were there. 
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. So also, you mentioned that Rs. 1,200 crores for FY'25 is coming from the 
new business. So, the old will come down to Rs. 600 crores. Is this mainly because 
we've dropped the  noise parts? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Ideally all the products have a life cycle, depending upon how the model is 
accepted by the industry by the consumers. But yes, some is end of SOP some is 
the customers are booking every type with new technologies, upgrading their 
models so that also is contention second is, yes, with the direction where we 
shifted our focus and leverage to passenger and commercial. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 27  
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. Just a couple of more questions. So also, there is an Rs. 8 crore written-off. 
What exactly is that? And is it onetime? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, these are some receivables old receivables. So maybe we already provided 
earlier, but only a written off in this part and because we are running a big 
business of maybe now, we are talking about Rs. 1,800 crores sales. So, it is not 
going to happen that only there will be zero write-offs for maybe some small 
amounts will continue, but it is business. So, I cannot commit it will be zero, but I 
cannot say that it will be Rs. 8 crores in it can be Rs. 2 crores, Rs. 3 crores it is a 
part of the business. 
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. And just the last question. What about your technology of friction steer 
welding by when should we start seeing the benefit of this new technology? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
This will happen in the quarter 3 of this year. So ideally, yes, we are a little 
aggressive even our customers are aggressive with this model, but some changes 
in the model they have executed. So, with that, we are expecting us to defer by a 
quarter. But yes, we will start supplying some samples in quarter 3 and thereafter 
ramp-up in the next year. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Aditya Chheda from InCred Asset 
Management. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Congratulations on great numbers. My first question is on the subsidiary business. 
You've seen a significant improvement if you can talk about how the business has 
been in subsidiary business? And how do you see that moving forward as we have 
a healthy growth rate? If you can share some outlook on the subsidiary business? 
That's my first question. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, for the subsidiary business that maybe in this year, we have seen a good 
growth. And maybe in the current year also FY'24-'25, definitely, we will have a 
good number but there are 2 reasons for this growth. One is that okay for their 
existing business, so that is growing because especially like battery housing for 
Samsung that goes to JLR some volumes from the 2-wheeler like to KTM and 
BMW. So, all these volumes have gone up. 
 
On the other side, that's the development of our JLR product is also happening in 
Europe so in Illichman. So that sales has also booked in FY'23-'24 and maybe 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 27  
because some this year also, we have supplies of the prototype casting to JLR 
customer. So, in this also, we see this the good numbers for our company 
Illichmann in Europe. But the coming years, so we should not expect a big growth 
because we just want to use that place for our development center or as an 
engineering center. 
 
So, because like for this product, we have hired a technical people from the 
Germany designers, tooling, all these things. So, we are more focused on how to 
use that technology from the European supplier, those generally available from 
Germany or some other countries. So that is the base. So, when we talk about the 
numbers to converting the numbers, so don't think there will be a big jump in the 
coming years in Europe. So that because this definitely this business will shift to 
India. And the mass production will happen in Alicon India. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
So basically, the intention is if any new technology is in the market, they hit first 
Europe, U.S., and China, and we see a lag after two, three years, it comes to India. 
So, the idea is to be early in that market. So, we use our Illichman model that way. 
And that also supports to a customer when we are very close when I talk of global 
regions.  
And second is we see there are a lot of development experts, good technologies 
across Europe. It's easy for us to get those knowhows. So, a lot of learning we 
have added with this development and yes, we have noticed we have got a 
benefit of sales in quarter 4 and some will definitely add in quarter 1. But going 
forward, our intention is any large volume or mass production better keep in India 
so that even customers gets the benefit of the cost. 
Aditya Chheda: 
My next question is on the machining capability. How much are we outsourcing as 
of today? And whether incremental volumes would require more outsourcing and 
whether that impacts the margin overall if you can comment something on the 
machining capacity outsourcing, etc? 
Vimal Gupta: 
For the machining, approximately 60% is in-house and 40% we have outsourced. 
And now we are building more in-house, the capacities because some customers 
those are coming with the new parts. So, they look for the in-house machining. So 
generally, due to their quality requirements and the control on the product so in-

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 27  
house capacity building will be more in the coming year, so that's one of the 
reasons for increasing our capex in this year. 
Aditya Chheda: 
Right. So, we are expecting this mix to remain at 60-40 or because we see a very 
high growth? 
Vimal Gupta: 
In-house will increase. Because whatever we are doing in-house, if something we 
can outsource because we need the consent from the customers also, we need to 
derisk the capacities. Otherwise, maybe some volumes are down. So, our all-in-
house capacity utilization will go down. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Chirag from White Pine. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag: 
Just one question. Your gross margins even sequentially have seen a significant 
jump and the single largest reason of EBITDA margin expansion. So, if you can just 
elaborate a bit more on this it would be helpful because suddenly, what happened 
in Q4 that the value-added happened. And is it a normalized gross margin or this 
should be the base for FY'25 or how should we look at it? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Generally, gross margins are driven by many variables. First is that the sales mix, 
how it is moving that which parts? Then the processes on this product, like 
machine parts or raw casting. Second is, the important factor is the aluminium 
prices also. Like if what we are seeing that upward trend in the aluminium prices, 
maybe in the last two, three months, we have seen 8% to 10% increase in the 
prices. Then definitely we will increase the material cost percentage to sales. 
 
And on the other side, if we see that there is an increase in the volume of the raw 
castings, especially the two-wheelers because we are seeing a good jump in this 
year of FY'24-'25 in the two-wheeler also. So that is also going to drive our gross 
margins. But what you are saying that this year, it is a good where we have seen 
this improvement in the gross margins, but maybe I think that will establish 
between 48% to 50% means that margins between 52% to 50% in that range that 
will move. 
Chirag: 
Okay. You are saying on annualized basis it should be in the range of 50% to 52%? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 27  
Chirag: 
But sir, what happened in Q4 specifically because Y-o-Y I understand, even Q-on-
Q, there is a sharp jump in gross margin. 
Vimal Gupta: 
As I explained that the sales mix, so some big volumes we have supplied where 
our gross margins are higher that we have supplied to the customers. And another 
is that I am saying that in this quarter, aluminium prices were at the lowest. 
Chirag: 
Okay. Or is this the impact of any year-end negotiation or conclusion with respect 
to your casting from OEMs because generally we have seen your Q4 margins tend 
to be significantly better, gross margins. So, like whatever hike you are expecting 
from your OEMs get settled in Q4 and hence this is a general phenomenon? 
Vimal Gupta: 
No, very small impact. Because it is there but not so big. Because generally, for the 
aluminium what we have seen that 60% aluminium hike is already settled by the 
customers. So, they finalize the price with the suppliers, they allocate the 
suppliers, and the settlements are on month-on-month basis. And for other 
customers also, they do on quarter-on-quarter basis. So, this happens what you 
are saying that when the settlements are on yearly basis or they delayed the 
quarterly basis, maybe it is set around quarterly basis, but they are not doing, they 
are delayed for two or three quarters. So, in that case this happens. But generally, 
I have not seen such kind of impact. 
Chirag: 
Okay. And sir, one last question. You indicated that you are putting a huge Rs. 150 
crores capex this time to add new machining capacities for different type of 
products. In the order book that you have today and future order book that you're 
anticipating, would you be needing any similar huge capexes given that different 
type of products would come in or this is now for next two, three years, it will be 
again normalized capex? 
Vimal Gupta: 
This year is the biggest capex we are going to have because we have to build up 
the infrastructure. When we are going for the high volume for this JLR e-Axle and 
PSA. So one is that only increasing the machines, the capacities and another is the 
complete installation of the infrastructure, the technology. So, this year, we are 
doing this like when E-axle or for PSA, infrastructure installation is there but after 
that when volume will grow. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 27  
 
So, we have to just add the machine, this casting capacities or maybe just increase 
because in this, like take example, for a year, they talk about 100,000 pieces. So, I 
cannot put on the capacity for each process of 100,000, maybe one capacity I 
have to put maybe 200,000 because it's not possible to do that. So later on when 
we increase the capacity from 100,000 to 150,000 or 200,000, so I have not to put 
the complete infrastructure. So I have to balance the capacity for each process. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
I had three questions. So, my first question is, we are seeing a lot of traction in the 
global markets and we're growing at a pace that's much faster than the end 
industry. So just wanted a sense of which are the large competitors that we have, 
we were the biggest competitors in the aluminium casting business, which 
currently is really dominating this industry. And if you can talk about some of the 
plus 1 tailwinds that we're seeing whether it's from China or from Europe or more 
outsourcing. Just wanted to understand what is driving this strong traction 
assessing? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Okay, talking about the global competition, there are competitors, but those are 
segment-wise, like there are specific firms who are into four-wheeler cylinder 
manufacturing like Jaya Hind is there, then Nemak is there, then Wantuo. So many 
more are there in that segment. But what is one of the USP with Alicon is we have 
a variety of parts and that differentiates us with other competition where today, 
OEMs are working to multiple technologies, be ICE, be hybrid or be EV or look for 
a structural part.  
So, they are also aiming to reduce the supplier base, yes, because that's the cost, 
handling a supplier is a cost for them. So that's reason they are looking for long 
term, they are looking for partners who can give solutions into various verticals. 
And also, they see the strength of that supplier, how much is the capacity, how 
much is their experience in this industry, how early they are with technologies and 
how much is their presence globally? So, these are again the plus factors which 
support us. 
 
Yes, we also noticed some customers are shifting from China and they are opting 
to India even recently we're noticing customers are shifting from Ireland to India. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 27  
So that also is a new thing which we are noticing. So, we are ready for that and for 
customers also to approach is very easy because you have seen our customer base 
with larger customers that we have. We have already delivered few parts and 
parts for them also to add or to interact is very easy. So, we are ready for that, 
and we are looking to materialize the opportunities which we are getting recently. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So in this mainly that like Alicon is the largest foundry in India as an independent 
foundry because all other major foundry those are a number of the OEMs and 
thus also the observation like Rajiv has shared that we are seeing recently that the 
forging or casting of aluminium is shifting from China, from Europe, from US to 
India and their first choice what we are seeing that Alicon come first and we are 
the not so big company as per the requirement globally. 
 
So that is a big opportunity, but we are seeing opening up for Alicon in the coming 
future as well as when we are talking about what you have asked about the 
competition. So, in India as the independent foundry, we are the largest one. So, 
competition is less because all others are under umbrella of OEMs and they're 
supplying to their parent companies. And at a global level our share is very less. 
So, the there is no meaning at this moment saying it's a competition. 
 
And when we become a large company and then the big supplier at global level 
then the question of the competition comes so whatever we are getting the 
businesses and the OEMs that they are shifting the sourcing. So, these are the big 
opportunities what we are seeing here. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And just a follow-up question on this. Right now, globally, there's cost 
pressures that were there. Everyone would want to work with good quality, but 
also a low-cost player. So, when we benchmark ourselves to say a Chinese player 
from the Europe, U.S., what is the cost difference for us versus them? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
There is a cost difference. One is little we see on the aluminium they are the 
largest producers of aluminium. Second is yes, they also open into large scale, but 
with Alicon one is this industry since long and we work with customers since 
inception of the design. So, during the design we see if we can reduce the rate of 
the part so that we can pass on some benefit to our customers that is one where 
we play and also as we are into multiple process like we are into Gravity and low 
pressure die-casting. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 21 of 27  
 
So, we evaluate during design style which process will give better results in terms 
of productivity or better results in terms of yields. With that, we submit the 
proposal customer is accepting and third is our partner Enkei Corporation who is 
also having plants across 19 countries, and they are also in this industry since long 
with the same process. 
 
So, continuously we get upgraded with the support even our team members 
frequently go to their location, they come down to our location and continuously 
the upgrading our operations so that we support to our customer. So, with that 
even customers are now preferring us over Chinese since the combination and 
more is about the volume game what we can support to our customers. 
Vimal Gupta: 
This is one part that one is the China may be considered we are very much 
competitive against China, but there is some political reasons they are shifting to 
here. On the other side, when we talk about the Europe and the US. So this is not 
only the cost side the only cost benefits they are having and shifting to India. That 
is the one of the factors of the cost, but we are also seeing the challenges of the 
supply from their local suppliers like the quality, the volumes because the existing 
suppliers they are not ready to increase their capacities, maybe do the financials 
whatever the challenges they are having. 
 
So, these are the main factors for shifting that Alicon is able to supply the 
volumes, we are able to supply the quality and we are able maintain with the 
required stock and maintain just-in-time supplies to all their requirements. So, 
these are the major benefits they are having when they took for the supplies from 
India as well as from the Alicon. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And just one final question is we want to over time increase our return on 
capital employed to 20%. You've already explained your EBITDA margin trajectory 
I just wanted to understand the balance sheet side, the balance sheet metrics a 
little better. At what asset terms and what net working capital days do we kind of 
hit this 20% mark? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So mainly that asset term definitely now because one is the existing capacities 
because immediately for the existing. So, we cannot change may be some 
improvements in the productivity that can happen, but for the new product like 
we are explaining where we have the high value with the high weight of the 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 22 of 27  
casting, higher value addition. So that is giving a good asset turnover ratio in the 
coming business whatever we are adding.  
So, this asset turnover give a slow growth and it cannot jump from maybe a 1.8 or 
2. So suddenly next year I will see a 3 this is not going to happen, but slowly it will 
improve year-on-year basis we'll see that growth because when we are talking 
about the ROCE. So, ROCE major driver is that how we are controlling one is that 
definitely from this side because controlling the investment.  
Second is a more focus on our part of the margin and the working capital maybe 
or you must have seen that year-on-year we are reducing our number of days 
working capital. And hopefully in this year also you will see the further 
improvement because we are more focused how to reduce our inventories and 
now because we are seeing the growth in the exports, so how to reduce our 
debtor days, the receivable days. So definitely this year we will see a further 
improvement in the working capital cycle. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Is there any number that we have in mind in terms of target ratio that we want to 
target on the working capital? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So maybe 8 to 10 days because I think we are near to about 7 to 8 days in the net. 
I'm not having the data correctly, but just the idea that based on that we are 
considering this. So maybe I think 7 to 8 days or at least we are targeting further 
reduction in this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from 
Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is with respect to this PV clients 
which is Maruti, Kia, Toyota, Stellantis what kind of incremental business is 
expected based on the schedule that you have for FY'25 and FY'26? And what was 
it in FY'24. Just for me to understand and collaborate with the 15% top line 
growth number that you have shared. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
So yes, for this financial that's FY'24-'25 we see an opportunity to grow with the 
passenger vehicle segment. So, around customers like PSA will give us... 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 23 of 27  
Pritesh Chheda: 
You can give combined, it's okay. I don't want customer right. I want to my 
number if you have that that's also, okay? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
So roughly around Rs. 180 crores to Rs.200 crores we will get a Maruti, PSA, 
Toyota and also global customers the past what we added recently like MAHLE 
and TACP. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This is incremental? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes, this is incremental. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And in FY '26? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
FY '26 further to this Jaguar will be added like this year also Jaguar the e-Axle what 
we have developed on another battery tray against the Range Rover EV that will 
go into sample submission and few more validation, but major ramp-up will come 
in next year and that would be adding around Rs. 150 crores addition with this 
and further we are expecting another direct from Maruti to have an ongoing 
ramp-up in next financial followed by some additions with existing customers like 
Danfoss. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, you are saying Rs. 180 crores in FY'25 incremental and then another 
incremental of Rs. 150 crores in FY'26, that how it is? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
So FY'25 to FY'26 further to this will be a domestic customer PSA which will go into 
ramp up at the peak. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So actually I will tell you that when you are going to make a comparison with the 
FY'23-'24 so approximately, the incremental at this movement is from the big 
numbers we know because of some existing capacity will also grow. So Rs. 200 
crore, we are seeing that incremental from there. and approximately Rs. 500 
crores to Rs. 550 crores in the FY'25-'26 from base of FY'23-'24. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So what is FY'23-'24 number for PV? Rs. 1,500 crores is top line how much is PV? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
PV would be around 44%. Sorry. Yes, it's 44%. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
44%, so to this number there will be incremental Rs. 500 crore added.  Now I don't 
understand  what you want to highlight actually. sir you mentioned amount and a 
lot of programs from different customers, so I wanted to know incrementally or, 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 24 of 27  
let's say, point to point. Now it's 44% of your business from a PV, so in Rs. 1,500 
crores, 44%], which is closer to about Rs. 600 crores-Rs. 700 crores business the 
INR700 crore business will be added by another Rs.500 crores over the next 2 
years. By virtue of whatever clients will you have? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Just a second, so I'll tell you this year, our PV was 39% of the contribution and 2-
wheeler was 32%. Next year, this year, FY'24-'25 PV will go to 44%. So, a big jump 
will be seen with the additions of the parts like Maruti, PSA, Toyota and even 
Jaguar we are talking and thereafter, in FY'25-‘26 PV will touch to 46% another 2% 
will lag with ramp-up of the Jaguar Land Rover and other customers. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So what you're talking about is a 5% jump as a contribution from the PV so that 
translates to approximately under Rs. 150 crore. And in FY'26-'27, that jump is 7% 
that translates into approximately Rs. 150 crores-Rs. 160 crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And sir, one second question on the margin side. So, when your mix 
changes, is it neutral to your margins? Is it detrimental? Is it superior? How does it 
play out, both in gross margin and EBITDA? 
Vimal Gupta: 
That's the sales mix change because mainly we are more focused to bring 
whatever the new businesses we are adding up. Those are mainly from the 4-
wheeler side. And so there definitely some margin on the higher side. So that is 
happening. And that is the reason that is giving quarter on quarter you have seen 
that improvement in the margins. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay, and on your capacity utilization side, you mentioned 65%. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Around that yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what is your maximum to use your assets? Is it 85%? 
Vimal Gupta: 
If we do the maximum utilization that can go up to 85% to 90% because the 10% 
to 15% you have to keep for the volume fluctuation. But this if ever happens 
because this will move in the range which is down 70%, 75% because in 1 quarter, 
maybe 1 customer goes down, another customer goes up. So, it is not like that is 
we are running on the same line. So we have different lines of line utilization is 
more when we are talking about 70%, maybe line is having 90% that maybe 
another 60% utilization. So, depends on the how they are delivering. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 25 of 27  
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, when you add your revenue from whatever rent that you have mentioned at 
about 15%. So basically, you will end up in the next 3 years, adding another Rs. 
700 crores, Rs. 800 crores of business so with this Rs. 700 crores of incremental 
business, what is the capex that you will do? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Rs. 700 crores the additional maybe approximately, I think, Rs. 250 crores to Rs. 
300 crores in that range we will do. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
This will include both maintenance and growth capex? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Rohit Suresh from 
Samatva Investments. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Suresh: 
So, my first question is, so recently, there was an interview by the CEO Jaguar, and 
they're planning to scale down their EV volumes and focusing more on the hybrid 
part. So how will that impact our overall Jaguar orders because if I'm not wrong, 
you're supplying e-axle as well as some battery housing to the EV partner. So, 
what will be the impact? And are we also supplying any parts to their hybrid 
vehicles right now? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes, even we see this traction coming up in EV vehicle, the pure EV, which they 
have launched, not just Jaguar from other global and domestic customers were 
noticing this shift, and this is also a point which we are taking out with them 
aggressively because these big parts are having huge investment in that the 
reason. First thing we got to support is to do investments phase-wise. 
Traditionally, investment was to be put 100%, and then we need to show make it 
ready but for this scenario, they have understood, and they also agree to do 
investments phase wise. And second thing is at Alicon, we can produce I mean in 1 
machine, we can produce a variety of parts. I mean be an ICE, be an EV or be a 
hybrid. So, our machines are universal. So that derisking also we do, and we map 
very clearly, the volumes are fluctuating, definitely, we have an ease to shift the 
capacity to other projects. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Sir, but the difference. So, what my understanding is for the EV part, you're doing 
e-Axle we are doing batteries into critical components, right? So, for the hybrid, 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 26 of 27  
what apart from cylinder head, are you doing anything else? Or is it purely 
cylinder heads right now? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Purely cylinder heads and other engine parts and more is a structural part where 
we have an opportunity like for Jaguar it's a subframe, very critical part. Actually, 
the subframe are very critical part of hybrid to support a big portion in the vehicle. 
So there also we supply a lot of, for Jaguar all the models we supply to subframe. 
So there also, we see the opportunity to grow with this customer. But yes, hybrid 
also we see that we have good traction. And second is even customers know our 
strength in this area and the also are easy to leverage that opportunity. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Got it. Sir on your order book, I had a couple of questions. So, if I am not wrong of 
the Rs. 9,000 crores or order book around 30% is in the EV segment, right? So how 
much of that will be if you could give me customers? So how much will be Jaguar 
and top 2, 3 customers' mix? 
Rajiv: 
I need to just see customer wise. I don't have the data handy I'll tell you the major 
1 is Jaguar, yes, that would be comprising to around 10% to 15%. Then it's Toyota, 
then it's PSA, then it's Maruti, the big ones when we see among the lists. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So what I suppose that's see okay maybe you can build that is directly because so 
much granular information details at this moment is not available with us. So, we 
can talk about that. You can either approach to CDR or directly to us. 
Rohit Suresh: 
Got it. Sir, then on the non-EV part, so what is our focus? I guess so there are a lot 
of parts that we are doing a non-EV part. So, what will be our key focus areas in 
the non-EV part? So, will it be non-auto? Will it be structural parts, some 
understanding on that? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes. On the non-EV A-class part while we focus. One is the cylinder head, which is 
a good opportunity and 1 is cylinder head for domestic as well as the global 
market. Second is similar, which is going to the hybrid variant cylinder heads. Then 
lot of engine parts also we supply for the global market where we aim, we get 
good volumes. So that is also an area where the focus then is the structural parts, 
which we have just mentioned in the last page. 
 
And then is for the commercial we supply good churn. Right now, is also around 
20% of our sales from commercial. So major is from the global market where we 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q4 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 27 of 27  
see good volumes one is the engine, second is also the radiators of a truck, where 
the requirement is of a tank which is made in our process. So there also, we have 
good volumes there are ideally 4 players in this market, making those cap tanks 
and we are associated with all 4 customers in that segment. 
 
So there also, we see a good volume. And second is, a big customer, Daimler, 
which you have noted in our previous calls also. So, the new developments, we 
are participating actively with them. And the recent engine what they have just 
developed, which is from 26 to 35. So, we got this opportunity to develop all 
major parts of the engine and aluminium with them. So that also we added 
recently. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management team for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarifications or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on this call, and we look forward to interacting with 
you in the next quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Alicon Castalloy, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
