June 04, 2024
To
To
BSE Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,
Exchange Plaza,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Bandra (East),
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001
Mumbai – 400051
Maharashtra, India
Maharashtra, India
BSE Code: 512573
NSE Symbol: AVANTIFEED
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Earnings Audio Call Transcript for the quarter and FY ended March 31,
2024.
***
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of earnings Audio Conference
Call held on May 29, 2024 in relation to the audited financial results (Standalone
and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and FY ended March 31, 2024.
The said earnings call transcript is available on the website of the Company at
https://avantifeeds.com/corporate-announcement/#Investor-Analyst-Corner
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Avanti Feeds Limited
C. Ramachandra Rao
Joint Managing Director,
Company Secretary,
Compliance Officer & CFO
DIN: 00026010
RAMACHA
NDRA RAO 
CUDDAPAH
Digitally signed by 
RAMACHANDRA 
RAO CUDDAPAH 
Date: 2024.06.04 
14:52:19 +05'30'

- 1-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Results Conference Call
May 29, 2024, at 11:30 A.M (IST) for a duration of 1 hour 2 mins 27 secs
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:
Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao
Joint Managing Director, CS & CFO
Mr. A. Venkata Sanjeev
Executive Director
Mrs. Santhi Latha
General Manager - Finance and Accounts
Mr. D.V.S. Satyanarayana
CFO - Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited
Mr. Narender Sharma
Company Secretary - Avanti Frozen Foods Private Limited

- 2-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Moderator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Pelsia, the moderator for the conference
call. Welcome to Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call.
We have with us today, Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint Managing Director; Mr.
A. Venkata Sanjeev, Executive Director; Mr. Santhi Latha, GM, Finance and
Accounting; Mr. D.V.S Satyanarayana, CFO, Avanti Frozen Foods Private
Limited.
As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen only mode, and there will be
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should
you need assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by
pressing * and then 0 on your touchtone telephone. Please note this conference
is recorded.
I would now like to hand over the floor to Mr. C. Ramachandra Rao, Joint
Managing Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We are very much pleased to
extend a warm welcome to all of you for this investors conference call to review
the audited financial results for the Q4 FY24.
Along with me here are Sri A. Venkata Sanjeev, Executive Director; Smt. Santhi
Latha, GM, Finance and Accounts; Mr. D.V.S Satyanarayana, CFO of Avanti
Frozen; and Mr. Narendra Sharma, Company Secretary of Avanti Frozen.
To begin with Mr. Santhi Latha, GM Finance and Accounts Avanti Feeds Limited
will present highlights of financial results of Q4 FY24 and year ended 31st March,
2024, of feed division and also consolidated financials of the company for the
same period. Thereafter, Mr. D.V.S Satyanarayana, CFO, Avanti Frozen Foods
Pvt Ltd will present the financial highlights of shrimp processing and export
division. After the presentation by both of them, we'll have quick review of the
latest situation and then we'll go on to question and answer session. Now I
request Santhi Latha to take over.
Santhi Latha
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. Now I'll take you through the
consolidated and Feed Division financial performance highlights.
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR Q4FY24 & FY24:
(A) Q4FY24 RESULTS
The comparative performance of Q4 FY24 with that of Q3 FY24 and Q4 FY23 has
been given in the presentation already circulated.

- 3-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Gross income in Q4 FY 2024 is INR 1,320 crores as compared to INR 1,287 crores
in the previous quarter Q3 FY '24, an increase of INR 33 crores, that is 2.5%.
Compared with Q4 FY '23, gross income of INR 1,117 crores, there is an increase
of INR 203 crores by approximately 18.2%. The PBT is INR 151 crores in Q4 FY
'24 as compared to INR 116 crores in Q3 FY '24, an increase of 30%, about INR
35 crores. And compared to Q4 FY23 PBT of INR 144 crores, there is an increase
of INR 7 crores by 4.86%.
(B) Comparison of the performance of the year 2023-24 with year 2022-23.
In FY '24, the total income increased to INR 5,505 crores from INR 5,179 crores
in FY '23. The PBT in FY '24 increased to INR 537 crores from INR 427 crores in
the corresponding period of previous year. That is an increase of INR 110 crores.
This is mainly due to increase in revenue, decrease in raw material costs and
better overhead absorption because increase in the quantity sold.
The consolidated results indicate net impact of several factors such as increase
or decrease in income, expenditure, exceptional item relating to both feed, frozen
divisions, which will be discussed in the divisional performance of these units
individually.
STANDALONE FINANCIAL RESULTS OF FEED AND PROCESSING DIVISIONS
A. FEED DIVISION:
Q4FY24 RESULTS
The gross income for the Q4 FY '24 is INR 1,022 crores as compared to INR 958
crores in the previous quarter of Q3 FY '24, an increase of INR 64 crores mainly
due to increase in the quantity of feed sold by 5,960 metric tons. The gross
income in Q4 FY '24 increased to INR 1,022 crores from INR 875 crores in the
corresponding quarter of Q4 FY '23, an increase by INR 147 crores, representing
16.8% due to increase in quantity sold by 18,902 metric tons.
The PBT for the quarter, the standalone PBT for the Q4 FY '24 is INR 119 crores
as compared to INR 76 crores in Q3 FY '24, an increase of INR 43 crores by 56%,
mainly due to increase in sales volume and better overhead absorption. The feed
sales increased to 1,22,278 MTs in Q4 FY '24 as compared to 1,16,318 MTs in
Q3 FY '24. The PBT in Q4 FY '24 has increased by INR 12 crores from INR 107
crores in Q4 FY '23, representing 11.2%.
As you know, the cost of raw materials constitutes major share of cost of feed
production, particularly fish meal, soyabean meal and wheat flour. The
percentage of average raw material cost was 79% on feed sale price in Q4 FY '24
as compared to 82.6% in preceding quarter Q3 FY '24 registering a decrease of
4.35%. However, the raw material percentage was on par with corresponding
quarter of the previous year that is Q4 FY '23 which was 78.3%.
To summarize, the prices of major raw materials have shown a decreasing trend
during the Q4 FY '24 compared to previous quarter, nearing almost the same
levels as in the corresponding quarter of the previous year.

- 4-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
The average cost takes into consideration volatility of the ram materials like fish
meal, soyabean meal and wheat flour during the year. While soyabean meal and
wheat flour prices did not undergo much volatility during the year '23, '24, the
fish meal did undergo high volatility due to drastic fall in fish catches in Chile
and Peru, leading to fishing ban, resulting in an increasing demand for Indian
fish meal in Southeast Asian countries, causing unprecedented hike in the fish
meal prices both in domestic and overseas market.
During the current quarter, fish meal price has come down marginally due to
good cash in Chile and Peru and release of Peruvian quota during the season.
However, the soyabean meal price and wheat flour prices remain more or less
stable, which are marginally lower than the previous year.
To sum up, I would like to share with you that the prices of these major raw
materials along with related products like fish oil, soya lecithin et cetera keep
changing from time to time depending upon the seasonality, production, global
trends et cetera, which has direct impact on the raw material cost of the feed,
which is beyond the company's control.
Comparison of performance for the year ended 31st March 2024 with that
of 31st March 2023.
In FY24, the total income increased to INR 4,396 crores from INR 4,104 crores in
FY23 due to increase in feed sales and other income. The PBT in FY24 increased
to INR 407 crores from INR 307 crores in the corresponding period of the previous
year, mainly due to increase in sales, other income and decrease in raw material
costs and better overhead absorption.
SHRIMP PRODUCTION AND FEED CONSUMPTION IN FY23 AND COMPANY
PLANS FOR FY24:
SHRIMP FEED CONSUMPTION:
On the basis of estimated shrimp production of about 8 lakh metric tons in 2023,
the overall industry feed consumption is estimated to be around 10.5 to 11 lakh
metric tons. The company's feed sales during the year 2023, this is calendar year,
was about 5,13,000 metric ton as compared to 5,26,000 metric tons in 2022, a
decrease of 13,000 metric tons.
SHRIMP PROCESSING AND EXPORTS:
The country's shrimp exports in terms of value declined in FY '23 compared to
FY '22 by 8.11% from $5,234 million to $4,809 million. The country's overall
export of frozen shrimps in quantitative terms for FY '23 was 7,11,099 metric
tons as compared to 7,28,123 metric tons in FY '22. A decline of 17,024 metric
tons representing 2.34%.
However, the company's shrimp exports during FY '24 was about 13,443 MTs as
compared to 12,497 MTs in FY '23 and increased by 946 metric tons. It is
estimated that the exports during FY '25 would be around 16,000 metric tons.

- 5-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Now, I hand over to Mr. D.V.S. Satyanarayana, CFO, Avanti Frozen Foods, to
present highlights of Shrimp Processing and Export division.
D.V.S. Satyanarayana
Thank you, madam. Good morning, everyone. Now I would like to take you
through the financial highlights of:
B. SHRIMP PROCESSING AND EXPORT DIVISION.
Q4 FY '24 RESULTS.
The gross income for Q4 FY '24 is INR 297 crores as compared to INR 329 crores
in Q3 FY '24, a decrease by INR 32 crores, representing 10%, mainly due to
decrease in sales quantity by 144 metric ton, representing 4%.
The gross income in Q4 FY '24 increased to INR 297 crores from INR 244 crores
during Q4 FY2023, an increase of INR 53 crores, representing 21% YoY. The sales
volume during Q4 FY '24 increased to 3,846 metric tons from 2,880 metric tons
in Q4 FY 2023, an increase of 966 metric tons.
The PBT before exceptional item for the Q4 FY '24 is INR 32 crores as compared
to INR 40 crores in Q3 FY '24. It is decreased by INR 8 crores. The PBT is
decreased mainly due to decrease in sales quantity by 144 metric ton and also
decrease in average sales price realization during Q4 FY '24.
The PBT in Q4 FY '24 is INR 32 crores, decreased from INR 38 crores in the
corresponding quarter, that is Q4 FY 2023, as there is a decrease in average sales
price realization.
Comparison of performance for the year ended 31st March 2024 with the
year ended 31st March 2023.
The gross income for the FY '24 was INR 1,117 crores as compared to INR 1,083
crores in the corresponding previous year, that is FY 2023. The increase of INR
34 crores in the gross income for the year ended FY '24 is mainly due to increase
in sales quantity by 946 metric tons and share of value added products by 1,948
metric tons. Total income up FY 2024 includes the PLI incentive of INR 6.85
crores.
The PBT in FY '24 is INR 136 crores as compared to INR 137 crores in FY 2023.
A decrease in PBT by INR 1.00 crores is mainly due to increase in manufacturing
expenses and also depreciation.
Provision for recall expenses in the financial statements:
The company has not made any additional provision for recall expenses in Q4,
FY 2024. Status of product recall is as follows:

- 6-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Particulars
INR in Cr.
Value of claims received and charged to profit and loss
(including recall related expenses)
35.62
Less: Amount of claims settled up to 31.12.2023
34.63
Balance claims provision in the book of accounts as at
31.12.2023
0.99
Less: Provision reversal during Q4FY24
0.99
Balance Provision as at 31.03.2024
NIL
As regards to product liability claims for bodily injury caused by consuming
company's contaminated products under the recall, the company has received
insurance claim in full from United Insurance Company on 21st March 2024, and
no further liability for the company on this account.
Update on new shrimp processing plant at Krishnapuram:
The new processing plant with a capacity of 7,000 metric tons per annum has
been in operation since 21st March 2024.
As you know, the company has been evaluating the following 2 incentive schemes
from Government of India:
I. Sales-based incentives under “Production Linked Incentive” scheme; and
II. Grant-In-Aid under “Operation Green - Long Term Intervention” scheme.
I. Production linked Incentive scheme.
Company is eligible for incentive of 6% in case of stock products and value-added
products 10% on incremental sales over a period of 6 years from the FY '21-'22
to '26-'27, subject to a maximum incentive of INR 79.44 crores with minimum
5% CAGR in sales.
The company has received an incentive of INR 9.92 crores pertaining to financial
year 2023.
II. Operation Green scheme.

Approval from Government of India, for Grant-in-Aid for the proposed
investment in new shrimp processing plant at Krishnapuram is received
in December 2022.

Maximum Grant-in-Aid under the scheme is INR 10 crores.

The first instalment of 1/3 of total Grant-in-Aid is due from the ministry.
The company has submitted all the relevant documents in this regard.
Now I hand over to JMD sir for sharing future outlook of the industry.

- 7-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
C. Ramachandra Rao
Thank you, Satyanarayana. Having reviewed the financials of Q4 FY 2024 and
comparison of '23, '24 with that of '22, '23 financial performance. Now I would
like to share with you some of the developments that have taken place in the
industry and the present status and outlook of the aquaculture industry for this
year, 2024.
You may remember, recollect, that we had informed you that 2024 will be a
challenging year for aquaculture industry. Though we anticipate a marginal
improvement in overall industrial performance. In light with global forecast of
moderate recovery of fisheries sector in 2024 over 2023, the stockings of seed for
1st crop of shrimp culture in India commenced during second half of January
2024 with an increase of about 10% to 15% over the corresponding period of the
previous year with a positive outlook for a successful first crop season.
However, unfortunately, due to uncertain and unfavourable climatic conditions,
white spot disease affecting the culture in some of the areas and fluctuations in
farm gate prices. The culture did not progress as expected, and they were forced
harvesting in some of the areas, impacting the overall production of shrimp for
the first quarter.
However, the climatic conditions being more stable now after a severe summer,
the farmers are looking forward to commence fresh stockings from 1st week of
June '24. Hopefully, this crop survives full season of 90 to 120 days, and the
farmers will be able to make it a profitable season or profitable quarter. The
company will also be in a position to increase feed sales in ensuing 2 quarters.
The processing and export shrimp division is also expected to increase exports to
about 16,000 metric tons for the current year, considering commencement of
commercial production by the new processing plant at Krishnapuram. The
company is focusing on increasing the processing and export of value added
products during financial year 2025. As mentioned before, the company's value
added products exports have gone up by 142% in FY '24 compared to previous
year. The company, while strengthening the exports to U.S. and Canada market,
also exploring the other markets like Japan, Korea, et cetera, which are more
potential markets for shrimp exports.
At this juncture, I would like to share with you a couple of important events that
have impact on aquaculture.
The first one, the levy of counter vailing duty (CVD) at 4.36% on export of shrimps
by U.S. Department of Commerce effective from 1st, April 24. The U.S.
Department of Commerce has made a preliminary determination of CVD rate on
the basis of complaint lodged by U.S. domestic shrimp industry against imports
from India, and also the preliminary data that was gathered by the department.
In the next step, U.S. DOC will determine the final rate basing on the objections
raised by the Seafood Exporters Associations of India, Government of India and
other agencies on the basis of data provided by them. The final determination is
scheduled to be announced on 6th October 2024.

- 8-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
In the meantime, the exporters are required to deposit CVD at 4.36% with effect
from 1st April 24, subject to adjustment after final determination. Along with
India, other countries like Ecuador, Vietnam and Indonesia have also been levied
CVD at different rates. The Seafood Exporters Association, MPEDA, EIA and
Government of India are making efforts to get the CVD withdrawn at the time of
final determination on October 24 by furnishing all the required data and
justifying the withdrawal of the CVD.
Secondly, there were reports in U.S. and international media alleging that shrimp
exports from India are processed under unhygienic conditions and Indian
processes do not adhere to labour regulations et cetera. And these allegations
were aimed at a few processes from India. In view of this generalized observations
in the media, the company has further strengthened its internal checks and
controls to ensure strict compliance of all the regulations.
Coming to the industry considers, these upheavals are part and parcel of the
business activity, and they do not hinder the sustainable growth of the
industry. The Government of India has been focusing and encouraging
aquaculture sector by extending promotional schemes like PLI steam, operations
Green, et cetera, which the company is availing.
It is heartening to know that in the budget for 2024-2025 presented by the
Honourable Finance Minister on 1st February 2024, announced Pradhan Mantri
Matsya Sampada Yojana, PMMSY is being stepped up to enhance aquaculture
productivity from existing 3 to 5 tons per hectare with doubling exports to INR 1
lakh crores and generates INR 55 lakhs employment opportunities along with big
infrastructure changes of establishing 5 integrated aqua parks. Further details
of the scheme are expected to be notified after the general elections while
presenting the regular budget, which is expected somewhere maybe at the end of
June or July.
To conclude, the stakeholder of the industry looks forward for a future for
aquaculture industry in '24 and more in '25, and thereafter, unless any
unforeseen developments in the climatic conditions or changes in the global
market scenario impacts the industry.
Diversiﬁca on of Company’s Plan into Pet Food & Pet Care Products:
Diversification of company's plans into pet food and pet care products. You are
aware that the company has diversified into pet care products business through
its subsidiary, Avanti Pet Care Private Limited, as a special purpose vehicle for
manufacture of pet food, mainly dogs and cats and other pet care products for
catering to the domestic market.
The required technical now, how is being provided by Bluefalo Pet Care Company
Limited Thailand, a reputed pet food and pet care products manufacturer in
Thailand. A memorandum of understanding, transfer of technical know-how
agreement and joint venture agreement has been entered into with them.
The company has identified suitable land for construction of the factory and is in
the process of scrutiny of legal documents and acquisition of the land. On the

- 9-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
basis of an independent survey and competing products in the market, the
company has identified the product range both for cat as well as dog food.
Recently, the company is in the process of developing formulations and producing
trial products in collaboration with Bluefalo, Thailand to undertake trials in India
before finalizing their products. It is anticipated that this process would take
about 6 to 8 months before the launch of the products in India.
Fish Feed:
Coming to the fish feed, as reported earlier, the preliminary survey on supply
versus demand of fish feed in domestic market has been completed, and the
survey has revealed potential demand for certain types of fish feed for high value
fishes like morel, sea bass and rainbow trout. The company is considering various
options such as import of fish feed of required species initially, conduct trials
under Indian conditions and set up manufacturing facility based on the results.
With this, I thank you all. And now we will take up the questions from you,
gentlemen.
Question & Answers
Moderator
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-
answer session. If you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone
keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to withdraw
your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, if
you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.
First question comes from Atharva from Purnartha Investment Advisors. Please
go ahead.
Atharva Bhutad
Yeah. So I have 2 questions. 1 was on the EBITDA point of view. Last quarter, we
reached 10%. So what are the plans to reach 12% to 13% of EBITDA? Because
over the last 10 years, we have had a GP margin of around 20%, and we have
already reached that. So how do we plan to increase our EBITDA margins to 12%
to 13%?
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. See, basically, the EBITDA gross margins depend on the raw material cost
for this industry as we have been almost discussing on every investor's call.
Because our major raw materials are fish meal, soyabean meal, and wheat flour.
So, for these products, prices keep changing. Your question was that the what
are the plans for increasing the EBITDA and the gross margin? That is what your
question is. Am I right?

- 10-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Atharva Bhutad
Yes. So basically, we have already reached like a 20% GP margin because raw
material costs have come down. So how if they remain the same, how do we plan
to increase our EBITDA margins?
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. See, that's what I was about to explain. See, this year, the prices have just
stabilized, particularly in the year '23. We have seen that compared to year '22,
'23 was more stable. All the prices except the fish meal which went very high
because of the overseas demand. And that was also the reason because of very
low production in Chile and Peru. So that has caused the international market
high prices of fish meal because India was the supplier of fish meal to all the
Southeast Asian countries which were hitherto getting from Chile and Peru.
This year there is a very good crop that is the fish catches are very good in Chile
and Peru and they have resumed the production of fish meal and supply. So the
prices have come down from INR 125 per kg. It went up even INR 135 also. Now
it has come down to about INR 98 - 99 is now. We expect that it will be stable
between INR 95 to 98. It may not come down further. But certainly, it will be
around definitely much lesser than INR 124, 125 levels. And we for the rest of
the year, we hope this will be continued.
And similarly, the IMD has predicted a good rainfall this year also. So though you
got very good crop last year, both soya as well as wheat. So this year also, we are
expecting that the soyabean production and wheat production would be at same
level if not more in the current year also. Because the sowings will start sometime
in June-July, the soya. And September-October we get the 1st crop.
Similarly, the wheat harvesting will be in March '25. So we see that the much
variance is not going to take place for these 2 products. And fish meal again is a
very, what you call, a dice situation because there is a shortage of fish catches in
the West Coast in India. In fact, some of the factories have suspended production.
And they may have banned from 1st July or so the fishing ban. So, with all these
figures taken into consideration, we see that if it can be less than INR 100, that
will be a very good sign. We should be able to keep up the margins in a
comfortable level, both EBITDA and also the gross margins.
And as far as the productivity is concerned, we have a good production, good
yields are coming and we have sufficient production capacity also. And again, it
depends on the how the culture, takes, its, you know, way in the coming months
in 2024. As I just explained, the farmers when they started with the enthusiasm
in January and February, their enthusiasm did not last long because of the
climatic conditions and the white spot and all. They had to do some, early
harvesting.
So, they are now looking for stocking it again from June. From June, it should
be good because there it is not an extreme climate. It's an ideal climate through
June, July, August we'll have a good season. So we are expecting that the farmers
would be able to take out good production during the next 4 months or so. 60

- 11-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
days to 90 days we should be able to do. As we expect it happens, it will be good
production. Whatever is we have lost in the first quarter, we'll make it up in the
2nd and 3rd quarters. So that way we look forward for a stable performance for
the 2024, 2025 year also.
Atharva Bhutad
Ok. Another question was could you explain why the cash flow from operations
have reduced from INR 451 crores to INR 263 crores this year?
C. Ramachandra Rao
This is mostly because we do more working capital. We are using it for working
capital. It will be more, inclination for that side.
Shanti Latha
There is a cash flow statement is there. but you see because of working capital
changes there is a reduction in the cash flow. Otherwise, from the operations, if
you see profit before tax and the adjustments, there is an increase from INR 274
crores to INR 341 crores. But the adjustments in the working capital because
there is an increase in the inventory, if you can see, and also, there is an increase
in the debtors. So that is what has made it like the operations, it is INR 288
versus INR 177 crores. I think you have the numbers!
Atharva Bhutad
Yes. I have the numbers. I just wanted to understand the inventory part of it.
Like, what is the what is the reason for the increase? Because I think last quarter,
it was said that, we will stock up inventory for value added products. So I just
wanted to understand if that was the case.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Frozen or feed?
Atharva Bhutad
Frozen.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Consolidated the cash flow statement. You see, we have consolidated and
standalone fee.
Atharva Bhutad
Yes. So actually, last quarter you had just said that we are going to stock up
inventory. So, I just wanted to understand if that is the reason why inventory has
gone up.

- 12-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. See, what happens is I'll explain this. See, the what happens is when we for
accounting purposes, what we do is, though it is dispatched, but it has not
reached the destination. As per accounting standards, we are taking it out as
inventory only, as a stock in transit that we are taking. So, compared to that, it
will be more in the end of the year. There are more shipments have taken place.
So it is more now. Inventory is more. After 45 days, it will come down. At 31st
March, it will be more, because all the shipments that have taken place in the
second half of March, which is much higher this year, that would not have
reflected in the form of a sale. It will come in as an export sale only after it reaches
the destination.
Atharva Bhutad
Ok, thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. I request the participants to restrict with 1 question in the initial
round and join back the queue for more questions.
Next question comes from Amit Agarwal from Leeway Investments. Please go
ahead.
Amit Agarwal
Good afternoon. My question is regarding domestic market. Sir, there is a
domestic market is huge for prawn market, but surprisingly, your presentation
show that you don't sell anything in domestic market. Any particular reason for
this?
C. Ramachandra Rao
We have started domestic market sales, and we did lot of study on what type of
products are required and we have already appointed 1 DGM and 2 RMs who are
working on that. We have identified the areas and we have in fact have some
dealers also have been appointed. And see, the most important thing is that this
is again a credit market. We have to be very careful because, when we are trying
to only focus on the cash sales, I mean cash in the sense immediate daily
addressed payment.
So, it will take some time, but we are very confident that in time to come next,
maybe by end of this year, we should be able to increase our domestic sales
significantly. Everybody wants credit. So they don't pay on time. That is a big
risk. If you supply material and then go after them for money. This is a very big
headache which we do not want to take it up for the domestic sale. If we are
giving credit, everybody will come and take it.

- 13-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Amit Agarwal
Sir, what is the size of the market? And who are the big players in the market
right now, in domestic market?
C. Ramachandra Rao
I don't have any exact lead. You can you send an email and we will get back to
you? Because we'll discuss with marketing team and come back to you with
survey reports.
Amit Agarwal
Just last question regarding the same thing. Sir, is this a low margin business or
is that a profitable margin?
C. Ramachandra Rao
I'll clarify that point, because this market, there is no statistics readily available.
It is only our marketing staff or any company's marketing staff they go around
the market and find out and give the reports. But they do not have any published
reports as per the market survey on this. That is one issue and whatever figures
that we are giving is only the data collected by our marketing team. Yes, please
go ahead with your next question.
Amit Agarwal
My last question is I'm a vegetarian, so I just don't know much about it. Sir, is
prawns and shrimps the same thing or we are specialized in shrimps only and
not in prawns?
C. Ramachandra Rao
I think my colleague, Mr. Venkata, you answer it.
A. Venkata Sanjeev
It is the same thing in the Indian market. There's no difference between prawn
and shrimps in the Indian market. We just use different names for it.
Amit Agarwal
And same in the export market, is it also the same? Shrimps and prawns are the
same thing? In export market, USA market?
A. Venkata Sanjeev
Yes, in export market is also similar. Actually, there's a not a big difference.

- 14-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
C. Ramachandra Rao
In export market, they call it as frozen shrimp.
Amit Agarwal
Okay. And in domestic market, you call it prawns, right?
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. The locals call it prawns.
Amit Agarwal
Okay. Thank you.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. Next question comes from Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital.
Please go ahead.
Kaustav Bubna
Yes. Hi thank you for taking my question. How is the pricing of Indian processed
shrimp compared to Ecuador and Indonesia post the addition of duties by the
United States on all three of these nations? So, could you please give the pricing
of processed shrimp into the United States for India, Ecuador and Indonesia pre
and post imposition of countervailing and antidumping duties?
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. As you said, the Ecuador, normally the pricing depends upon the production
supply and demand. So, the Ecuador being having large production capacity,
they are in a position to slightly lesser in cost perspective. And they are being
nearer to U.S. they try to capture U.S. market. And China is also there, one of
the big markets that they diverted.
Last year, there was some problem with China. They were not exporting much to
China. Now they focused on Ecuador. But of course, India and Southeast Asian
countries more or less same cost of production will work out. And we stand in a
better footing for the reason that our quality of the value added products or the
raw traditional products is more compared to others. So, we have more exports
to U.S. compared to others. I think in the U.S is one of the largest exporter to
U.S. is India.
So, pricing also varies. And it depends upon the international market price. So it
keeps on fluctuating, almost, like every day there is a new price. What we work

- 15-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
is we take into our cost of production and conversion cost and see the margin.
But it is not necessary that always you make a big margin out of it. It all depends
upon the demand and supply and another thing is the inventory situation in U.S.
and other countries, Europe.
As far as our company Avanti is concerned, we are very happy to say that we
have been able to make good inroad into the Japanese market and in fact, CMD
and also Mr. Nikhilesh, ED, both of them are working very seriously on that. And
we are very confident that many importers from Japan are showing more interest
towards our products. So I think that we should be more spread in the global
market, not only U.S. But we'll have whole of Europe as well as the Japanese
market also with you. We have some Vietnam also we got. Korea, I'm sorry, Korea,
not Vietnam. Korea.
Kaustav Bubna
No, but sir, I mean countries would put import duties onto other nations, if they
were promoting domestic production, right? So how is the domestic production
of growing in U.S? And how do you see that as a risk to exports in general to the
U.S? And also Ecuador is really close to the U.S. So how do you view a nation
who is so close to the U.S, taking market share from India?
C. Ramachandra Rao
See, the method of levying the dumping duty or CVD depends on the cost of
production. And the basic dumping duty comes from the concept that these
countries are dumping the products in U.S. market less than what their cost of
production is. That is the concept that comes. And, U.S is very, meticulous and
particular about this aspect. And they go into it almost like every year there is an
exercise going on what, to for determination of the, rates that are being charged
for these products because almost every country definitely resists this. And if
they go with an appeal, the figures that what you have arrived at the rate is not
correct. It is not that so much subsidies or certain things, we are not getting it,
our cost of production is equally high and the exporters are giving details to them
and trying to convince them to reduce the duty.
However, the U.S. has its own methodology and its own criteria for determining
the rates, and they do come to countries and they take the figures, work out what
is the cost of production. They take into consideration what are all the subsidies,
support that's being given to these exporters from the government side. So, they
take all these things into consideration and they arrive at what is the dumping
duty. Or even the CVD is nothing but what the taxes that we are giving the relief.
The government is giving relief on taxes paid on export products that they
consider it as a subsidy. So, they added in CVD.
Like that, these are the things. In fact, the government of India as well as these
export associations are fighting very tough, saying that these are all not the,
actually, the subsidies, but it was only the, you know, reimbursement of duties
and taxes paid by the, domestic exporters for the export. Even every country has
this provision that any export is made from their country, whatever taxes paid
locally is refunded.

- 16-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
The same thing this is the stand which the Indian exporters are taking in their
briefing which when you submit objections to the preliminary determination of
4.36% CVD, these are the things which we are going to present it to the
Department of Commerce in justifying that every country will have this and so
you should not be charged as CVD. So, these are all the things which are always
continuously being, you know, engaged with the lawyers and experts on this with
the Department of Commerce.
So, by October, we will know exactly what is the final determination. Is it going
to be less than 4.36%. And so, we have all our efforts towards that. Similarly,
dumping also. We cannot specifically say, the criteria is that what is the cost that
the local exporting countries are incurring to make this product. Are they selling
it in U.S. lesser than that cost? That is the basic criteria for dumping duty. The
difference is treated as a dumping duty and they are charging the anti-dumping
duty.
Kaustav Bubna
Ok sir. Thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. I request all participants to restrict with 1 question in the initial
round and join back the queue for more questions. Next question comes from
Nitin Awasthi from Incred Equities. Please go ahead.
Nitin Awasthi
Hello, sir. Just wanted to understand how the booking of the CVD will be done
given that the rates are out, but they're not final as of now. And the final rates
will be out on October 6, like you mentioned. So, from Q1, will we already start
expensing it out and booking it when we report our first and second quarter
numbers? And finally, when the final rate is out, will we make an adjustment
post that or will we keep it separately on the balance sheet till the time the final
rate is out?
C. Ramachandra Rao
So, the practice is that we will take it as a cost, the product expenditure only. We
add on and even that is taken into consideration while we were working for cost
of the product also. As and when they make the determination and when they
refund it, only we take it as an income.
Nitin Awasthi
Understood, sir. Understood.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. Because it's only preliminary, we are depositing, but it is from their point of
view, it is a deposit. But from our point of view, it is an expenditure. Since, CVD

- 17-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
is an expenditure, we have to add to the cost of the product like any taxes. So,
we take it as and when the final determination is made. If it is less than 4.36%,
the difference is refunded. If it is more than that, we have to pay it. The difference
also we have to pay from the date. So that adjustment will be made as and when
the final determination is announced on 6th October.
Nitin Awasthi
Understood sir. So, you supplied shrimp directly to a related party, which is Thai
Union, which goes ahead and also supplies shrimps to a related party of Thai
Union, which is Red Lobster, which has filed for bankruptcy. So, are we directly
exposed to any payments or any receivables from Red Lobster?
C. Ramachandra Rao
No. As of now, we are not supplying anything to Red Lobster directly. It is only
the Thai Union's company, Chicken of the Sea, which is a company of, Thai
Union. Through them, it's being exported to Red Lobster through them. Of
course, there are so many developments that are taking place in the whole
scenario in the U.S. market but so far we have been only doing through Chicken
of the Sea.
Nitin Awasthi
Understood, sir. So last question, capital outlay for the pet food business?
C. Ramachandra Rao
See, we have initially estimated INR 100 crores. The INR 100 crores, we are in
the process of, you know, like, land cost, you know how it is going up and all.
See, we are now working practically on what is going to be the actual cost nearer
to the reality, because whatever the plant and machinery cost or land cost or any
other civil constructions like factory, other buildings and all we have taken on an
estimated basis because full information was not available at the time of
estimating the project cost, we have taken on the basis of the information that is
provided by Bluefalo, for instance, the area of the factory or other administrative
buildings and also the machinery imported, then local domestically purchased
machinery and all. But maybe next 6 months, we should be able to come to the
real cost of total project, which we are expecting about 20%, 25% increase by the
time we complete the project? That's what our expectation. But as of now, the
cost is estimated at INR 100 crores and the entire thing is being funded through
equity. We are not going for any borrowing as of now.
Nitin Awasthi
Understood, sir. Bluefalo has any shareholding in the JV?
C. Ramachandra Rao
See Bluefalo has got, the owner Dr. A. Indra Kumar, CMD is also having a share
in that.

- 18-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Nitin Awasthi
No. So the JV that we have made for the pet food division, how much is owned
by Avanti Feed? How much is owned by others including Bluefalo?
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes, capital structure is 51% is held by Avanti Feeds and 17% by the promoters,
another 15% by Bluefalo, another 17% by some private investors.
Nitin Awasthi
Understood, sir. Thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. Next question comes from Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical
Investment PMS. Please go ahead.
Gunit Singh
Hi, sir. In one of the replies to our previous participant, you said that, whatever
loss or whatever conditions we are seeing in the first quarter, they will be made
up in the coming quarters looking at the season and the cultivation. So, I would
like to understand, since we are 2 months into Q1, what are the current
conditions in the market? What kind of sales and what kind of, I mean, margins
are we looking at as of now? Is it like below expectations? I want to understand
your views on that.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. As explained, I told that in the first quarter that is till 30th June '24, that is
the first quarter, which is rather lesser than what our expectations were. In the
normal course, you may see that May, June are the peak months. But this year,
it was slightly different because the first crop was not, when continued for a
period which is normally should have. But they have, there was premature, at
least harvesting. So that's why there was a gap. And now they are starting again.
In June 1st week, they are starting. It means that June month, it will be less
only, because they will not be stopping, all the points at a time.
They gradually, they go on stocking it. So, what I said was the second quarter
means that is July, August, September, October, November, December. See, like
that stage wise, you get better yields, because we are presuming that on one side,
the culture will be very good, so that gives, you know, opportunity for increasing
our feed production and sales that we make, and raw material costs are also
likely to be more or less stable in the next half year. So, there 2 quarters.
So, I think all these things put together, subject to the conditions, all these work
out favourably. We should be able to makeover whatever the loss of sales, that
was there in the first quarter, can be made good in the second quarter and third
quarter.

- 19-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Gunit Singh
Alright, sir. So, I mean, look, Q1 is normally our heaviest quarter in terms of
sales. So I mean, that we could not be able to maintain the Q1 sales that we made
in Q1 last year. Is that a fair assumption?
Santhi Latha
No. I think we are not expecting any drop in the margins or in the quantity sold
in the Q1. Though, the market is not doing well.
Santhi Latha
We want to increase.
C. Ramachandra Rao
You expected more, but, it did not happen. But nevertheless, the overall situation
will be, next to make up the shortfall in the 1st quarter, in the 2nd & 3rd quarters
because there is a delayed drop rate.
Santhi Latha
So, we expect our market share to go up because the overall market is down. The
overall market has not reached its peak in the first quarter as expected. We are
talking about the overall market, not only about Avanti Feeds.
C. Ramachandra Rao
June, we are expecting to be good stockings in June and July and which will
result in a good crop. Already started at some places, but we are expecting that
this will pick up momentum in June and it will be somewhere around September,
October, November we will be able to get good results. The crop will come and it
will be safe manner. It will not be at a one time. we will see the results, the
performance in the second and third quarters.
Gunit Singh
Alright sir. Got it. So, despite the slower market, I mean, Avanti sales and margins
in Q1 would not be, I mean, anywhere lower than last year?
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. Still June is there. We are expecting that June will give some relief for us.
So we hope so. We'll wait for that. See, because still we have got full month. June
entire month is not yet started. So we'll have full month of June. I think, it will
have real, impact on the performance. If the June month, we get more sales and
all, we get good prices and raw metal prices are also stable, we get good
performance in the first quarter, if June goes on well.

- 20-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Gunit Singh
Alright, sir. And you mentioned that raw material prices have mostly softened
down and even fresh meal prices have come down from INR 135 to about INR 98
levels. So, what are our outlooks for, FY '25 in terms of steady state EBITDA
margins that we can comfortably look at?
C. Ramachandra Rao
It is very difficult to make any prediction as of now. It is like astrologer making
predictions. So because it is a natural law, the fish catches depend upon the
overall climatic conditions and how particularly ocean conditions for, the growth
of the fish and fish catches and all these things. Same thing happens for all other
2 raw materials like soybean meal and also this wheat flour. So it's very difficult
to predict 1 year in advance. It is, we can only say that today because we are
sitting in May end, so we can say next 6 months it is likely to be good. It's what
we have been always emphasizing next 2 quarters. So beyond that, what's going
to happen is very difficult for us as of now.
Gunit Singh
All right, sir. So on the new plant that got commissioned the new capacity, so
what kind of incremental revenues can we expect from that in FY '25?
C. Ramachandra Rao
You are asking feeds or frozen shrimp?
Gunit Singh
Sir, whatever extra capacity that has been commissioned, you mentioned about
7,000 metric tons, right?
C. Ramachandra Rao
We made a shrimp processing. We have commenced the new factory. And we are
focusing more on value added products.
Gunit Singh
Yes, sir. So what kind of additional revenue can we expect from that, plant in FY
'25?
C. Ramachandra Rao
I think we'll be able to give you in the next quarter, because we have just started
that where it's all, because we are focusing more on value added products. And
we hope, the next quarter will have more clarity on that how much demand. See
as I told you, our CMD and ED, Mr. Nikhilesh, both of them are in fact on tour,
to the market. So we'll have to wait and see how the so far has been very good.

- 21-
Transcript – Avanti Feeds Limited Q4 FY24 Earnings Conference Call
Response has been very good for our value added products and we expect that
more supports will come and more orders from the other markets also will come.
So, I think your question can be answered more precisely maybe by end of next
quarter. We will be having clarity in July, August, September. In that quarter,
we'll be able to come with a clear picture as to future and what we have been able
to succeed with the other markets, but one thing we can say that as of now the
whatever products that we are now making has got very good response in the
global market.
Moderator
Thank you, sir. That was the last question for the day. Now I hand over the floor
to the management for closing comments.
C. Ramachandra Rao
Yes. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your active participation. And it gives
us more encouragement to answer your questions and work better and see that
the value of the investors really increases and we are very confident with all
expansion of Avanti Processing division and also new Avanti Pet Care in days to
come in the domestic market also, very positive about the future of the domestic
market. But it will take some time. Even fish feed also, we are working very
seriously on that.
With all this, we hope that by end of this year, maybe early next year, we'll have
more clarity on the way in which these projects are going. And also the pet care
is an interesting one which we are working very hard on that. To see that it's
placed on a premium position in the Indian market, and we get a lot of customer
response for those pet care products also. I think with all that, I would like to
conclude. And thank you for your participation. Thank you very much.
Moderator
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today.
Thank you for your participation and for using Door Sabha's Conference Call
service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a good day.
Note:
1. This document has been edited to improve readability
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words.
