 
Creative Newtech Limited 
 
CIN - L52392MH2004PLC148754 
 
An ISO 9001:2015 Certiﬁed Company 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 3rd & 4th ﬂoor, Plot No. 137AB, Kandivali Co-op Industrial Estate Limited, Charkop, Kandivali West, Mumbai 400067 
Contact No.:  +91 22 50612700  |   Email: cs@creativenewtech.com  |   Website: www.creativenewtech.com 
 
 
Page 1 of 15 
Creative Newtech Limited 
Q4 & FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
May 17, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 and FY24 earnings conference call of 
Creative Newtech Limited. This conference call may contain forward looking statements which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as of this call. These 
statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I 
would like to hand over the conference to Mr. Ketan Patel, Chairman and Managing Director 
of Creative Newtech Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ketan Patel: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Creative Newtech Limited's Earning Conference Call 
for the fourth quarter and full year ended March 31, 2024. I would like to start by thanking you 
all for taking time to join us today. On the call with me are Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde, our CFO; Mr. 
Vijay Advani, Wholetime Director; and Ad Factors, our Investor Relations team. 
I am happy to say that we closed the financial year on a strong note. Creative’s expansion has 
persisted amidst the dynamic market changes supported by efficient business framework and 
selectively crafted product lineup. The year gone by has been particularly eventful for us with 
several of our initiatives bearing fruit. I would like to take this opportunity to quickly recap the 
major business updates and milestones that we have achieved during this fiscal year. 
To start with, overall, we grew our topline by 24.15% and profit by 77.08%, in spite of our March 
quarter being negative by around Rs. 90 crores year-on-year. This is due to decline in enterprise 
business as enterprise business is opportunity business and our minimum benchmark is 20% 
ROCE. We are also in a period of transition where we want to focus on high growth, double 
digit, profitable businesses. 
Coming to Honeywell, from a base of Rs. 80 crores odd, we grew the business by more than 
100% to Rs. 170 crores. We announced the global launch of the next generation of Honeywell 

 
Page 2 of 15 
branded soundbars through our Hong Kong-based subsidiary, Secure Connection. This launch 
underscores our commitment to delivering cutting-edge audio solutions to customers 
worldwide. And we are confident that these soundbars will revolutionize the way people 
experience sound. We believe this category of product has immense potential for adoption 
among the masses and grow into a significant revenue on its own. 
We also launched our new range of car air purifiers. Air purifier business is a multi-decade 
growth opportunity business. It's still a newer category, so not much data is available. But we 
believe that the opportunity is as huge as how air conditioners' opportunity was there 30 years 
back. Today, almost more than one crore AC are now sold in India. As a leading brand in air 
purifier category, it is our responsibility to create the market also. Besides this, we launched 
almost another 50 SKUs for different geographies. Honeywell is growing into a robust business 
for us and we expect it to contribute incrementally to our topline as well as our profit. We also 
expanded our brand licensing line of business with the addition of CyberPower PC which is a 
major milestone in our overall journey. CyberPower Inc is a US-based gaming system giant. 
Through this licensing agreement, we are not only gaining access to cutting-edge technology, 
but also aligning ourselves with the global leader in gaming innovation. This partnership allows 
us to tap into growing demand for high-performance gaming computers, equipments, and 
accessories in the Indian market. By tailoring our offerings to meet the unique preferences of 
Indian gamers, we are poised to capture a substantial share of this flourishing industry. Our 
aim is to set new benchmarks for gaming experiences through various offerings and establish 
Creative as a frontrunner in the Indian gaming ecosystem. 
In terms of geographical expansion, we have taken several initiatives to proliferate our network 
across overseas market as well. Through Secured Connection, we partnered with Trigon LLC for 
distribution of our range of Honeywell products in United Arab Emirates. This partnership will 
ensure that our Honeywell products portfolio reaches customers efficiently in that region, 
which is a high margin area for us. Furthermore, we are thrilled to have joined hands with PT 
Bintang Mas Rezeki Nusantara, a leading technology product distributor in Indonesia, to 
enhance consumer experiences by leveraging their extensive distribution network and 
Honeywell's innovative product offerings, helping us to establish strong presence in the 
Indonesian market. Moreover, continuing on our selective strategy to add niche products in 
our portfolio, we signed up several new brands over the last few months, like Ruark, pTron, 
Nokia, Dawa, Holoware, to name a few. There are several brands in pipeline which we have 
been evaluating. The momentum that we are bringing into the new fiscal year gives us an 
optimistic outlook for the near future in terms of both distribution as well as licensing. The rate 
at which Honeywell business is growing is in line with our strategy to increase our revenue 
share from licensing business which is a higher margin business for us. Our successful 
partnership with leaders like CyberPower Inc and Palred Electronics underscores our ability to 
forge strategic alliances and capitalize on emerging market trends. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
Moving forward, our focus will remain on securing more such segments and expanding our 
presence in those areas with a view to deliver sustained value to all stakeholders. Going 
forward, we want to simplify our segmental revenue reporting as our business primarily is 
divided into three categories, licensing business, distribution business, and enterprise business 
which is part of distribution. 
Now I hand it over the floor to Mr. Abhijit Kanvinde who will take you through the financial 
highlights of the quarter and full year. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Thank you, sir and good afternoon to you all. I will share the highlights of our consolidated 
financial performance after which we will open the floor for questions. Our financials are 
reported as per IndAS guidelines. Looking at consolidated Q4 FY24 results, the company 
reported total income of Rs. 320.44 crores, declining 20.48% year-on-year. Relatively muted 
sales in enterprise business segment offset the growth in FMSG. However, we are seeing 
continued demand for several key brands like Samsung, Cooler Master, Honeywell, amongst 
others. In terms of segmental performance during the quarter, the FMSG segment accounted 
for 24.69% of revenue, FMCT accounted for 18.98% of revenue, and enterprise business 
comprised of 56.31% of revenue. 
The quarterly EBITDA stood at Rs. 28.05 crores and it was against Rs. 11.49 crores in the 
previous corresponding period, an increase of 144.05% year-on-year. The EBITDA margin for 
this quarter stood at 8.75%, higher by 590 basis points as compared to the corresponding 
quarter last year. Operational efficiencies and higher contribution from Honeywell helped us 
improving the margin. The PAT for the quarter is Rs. 20.36 crores as compared to Rs. 6.45 crores 
in Q4 FY23, a year-on-year growth of 215.55%. During the quarter we undertook a slump sale 
of our Ckart division for a consideration of Rs. 10 crores. The company earned a profit of Rs. 
9.9 crores on this transaction which is included in the other income for this quarter. The EPS 
for the quarter is 15.11. 
Looking at the consolidated full year's results, the company's total income for FY24 stood at Rs. 
1,740.91 crores, growing 24.15% year-on-year. This was mainly driven by healthy demand for 
the products like Samsung, Cooler Master, Honeywell, View Sonic, and complemented by 
growth in the EB sector. EBITDA for FY24 stood at Rs. 69.22 crores as against Rs. 45.12 crores 
in the previous corresponding period, an increase of 53.42% year-on-year. EBITDA margins for 
this period stood at 3.98%. Better operational efficiencies coupled with high contribution from 
Honeywell helped improvement in margins. The PAT for FY24 came in at Rs. 48.25 crores as 
compared to Rs. 27.25 crores in the FY23, year-on-year growth of 77.08%. EPS for FY24 is Rs. 
32.58. The board of directors has recommended a dividend of Rs. 50 paisa per equity share of 
face value of Rs. 10 and this is subject to approval from shareholders. This is all from our side. 
We can now open the floor for questions. 

 
Page 4 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Deepa Shah, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Deepa Shah: 
I just wanted to check, sir, if we have any new tie-ups in pipeline for the coming years? 
Ketan Patel: 
Mrs. Shah, usually we are always evaluating brands and products continuously around the year 
and the process at least takes 3 to 4 months before you can sign a brand. So that's a whole year 
round process. Currently also we are talking to a couple of brands. If the terms of trade and if 
all other conditions both parties like, then we will go ahead with that. 
Deepa Shah: 
So do we have any specific target in mind that every year we need to add X number of brands 
to our portfolio? 
Ketan Patel: 
Usually every year we get an opportunity to add 2 to 3 brands to our portfolio and the brand 
selection also has a couple of our internal criteria, whether it's an experiential brand, whether 
it has a good amount of sale in the country where it is present, whether they will have 
manpower years, all that kind of criteria are there which we do. Usually our thought is because 
we are in technology business and technology gets obsolete every 2 to 3 years, our thought 
process is that our business from new age products should be at least 30% to 35% on rotation 
basis. So whenever a brand becomes 3 years old, we put it into an old brand bucket. So if that 
brand is doing Rs. 100 business, then we'll have to have a Rs. 30 crore or a 30% business coming 
from a new brand. So that's what is the internal criteria we follow. 
Deepa Shah: 
Okay, so sir, coming to the marketing of these brands, so is that marketing done by Creative in-
house and what is the percentage in terms of expenses, in terms of revenue, or is it done by 
the brands themselves? 
Ketan Patel: 
So two things are there. The money is paid by the brand through us, because a lot of brands 
are not present in India, so they use the partner in India to pay for the marketing. That's the 
first part. Second, certain brands. For example, Samsung would have their own marketing, and 
they won't require somebody like us to market that. And certain brands like Cricut, which is an 
experiential printer, which can cut, emboss, print, write on a variety of surfaces. That kind of a 
brand when it comes here, they usually have a brand strategy which they want us to execute, 
and our internal team executes that. Sometimes the brand has their own marketing agency 
and PR agency to build that up. So they do the topline execution and we do the below the line 
execution in terms of going to the market, road shows and other parts. That's the case. But 
except Honeywell, for none of the other brands, we pay anything from our pocket for 
marketing. 
Deepa Shah: 
Noted. And just one last question with regards to Ckart. So like we have sold Ckart, so what 
was the specific reason of that? And how much percentage of revenue loss can we expect from 
that in the coming year? And basically how is it going to affect our financials? 

 
Page 5 of 15 
Ketan Patel: 
So two, three things are there. First and foremost, we will not have any revenue loss because 
Ckart was more of a go-to-market engine where we used to use it for people to order directly 
on our site. We have before selling of Ckart, we already have another software in place which 
can help us to take orders from customers which can help our field team to go to the market 
and take orders that's already in place. The major reason for Ckart was that marketplace was a 
big opportunity and a B2B marketplace definitely had a lot of traction but the success metrics 
of a B2B marketplace and a success metric of a physical brand and distribution company is very 
different. The investors, primarily in our company, are who like physical business. They are 
really wanting good PAT, good rotation, good EBITDA. That's the case. If we had to build the 
Ckart business, it is all about lifetime value of customers, cost of acquisition of a customer. It is 
about burning a lot of money to get these customers. And we were in a dilemma, but then we 
decided that our balance sheet can't afford burning money for a business and we already have 
Honeywell and CyberPower. Both are high margin businesses, and we would not be able to 
devote time nor we had the resources to scale it up. And as you know, right, any opportunity 
if you don't exploit it in a particular period of time, then that opportunity will cease to exist. So 
we got a good offer and we said that let's do that. That's the reason. Again reiterating in terms 
of our revenue or profitability, there would be no loss in that space. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
First of all, I just wanted to understand now this Rs. 10 crores of other income was due to this 
sale of Ckart division. But still I think we reported other income about Rs. 15 crores -Rs. 15.5 
crores around. So what is the other 5 crores? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
So normally, if you say, the total other income for this quarter was Rs. 16.29 crores. Out of that, 
Rs. 10 crores was Ckart. So rest of the major items were exchange formation gains that was Rs. 
4.5 crores. Interest on FD that was around Rs. 23 lakhs and MEIS Duty Refund h was around 97 
lakhs. So, exports incentive 97 lakhs gain on foreign exchange Rs. 4.5 crores and our rest was 
other interest and other income. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So majority about Rs. 14.5 crores is due to Ckart and foreign exchange gain, right? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Rs. 4.5 crores, not 14. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So I included the Ckart as well. 
Ketan Patel: 
And this foreign exchange gain actually is, we hedge completely, but the case is that when you 
import any consignment custom levies, 1% charge. So you have to calculate the dollar 1% 
higher. But when you remit, it is 1% lower, actually. So that's why, due to statutory, we have 
to put it into foreign exchange gain. Actually, it's a part of cost of goods only. 

 
Page 6 of 15 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Yeah, it is a part of cost of goods. But as per IndAS, you have to report that way. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And then you spoke about so many brands that we have tied up recently in terms of 
agreements and many more we are looking at. So how do we see the growth, if I have to look 
at next 2 to 3 years? 
Ketan Patel: 
Okay, so currently what has happened is after the Make in India initiative by our government, 
a lot of Indian brands are coming up, right? So for example, there's a brand called Holoware. 
It's a commercial PCs which compete with the likes of HP, Dell, and Lenovo. It's a product which 
is made in India. 54% of their PC components are now made in India. Now these are technology 
companies who have this opportunity, and they are looking at somebody who has all India 
reach, who can help them scale, take to the market. So one is that that kind of brands are 
coming to us for that. So for example two companies, Palred which was a predominantly online 
company now wants to enter offline and they approached us and Holoware too. Now looking 
at some brands like say Cricut, Ruark world over our demographics is in India's favor right. 75% 
of our population is millennials. The China plus one strategy, so the de-globalization, right? 
That's also in our favor. So all these brands really want to enter India and most of these brands 
are premium and are looking at giving a great experience to consumers because the millennials, 
they value life experiences more than anything else, right? And these kind of brands then kind 
of want to enter India. These are all new age brands, always connected devices to the internet, 
and they help today's consumer to either consume content or create content or share content 
and be a part of that community. So that kind of brands opportunities coming. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct sir, but given this new opportunities, so what sort of growth we are looking at for us 
over next 2 years, maybe some CAGR growth? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yeah, so Mr. Poddar, mainly we have two businesses. One is the market entry business getting 
brands to India. And second is our licensing business, which is Honeywell business. And we see 
that there's a huge opportunity and that's our aspiration that every year we can easily grow by 
at least 25%-30%. And our aspiration is that every year we at least for the next 4 to 5 years kind 
of increase our PAT by 40% to 50%. That's the aspiration. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Next 4-5 years topline by about 25% to 30% and bottom line by about 40% to 50%, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yeah. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. But that's very clear. And just one last thing, what's the margin differential in licensing 
versus distribution? I presume licensing would have much higher margin, right? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. So licensing, usually the gross margin is close to 35%-36%. And in the distribution space, it 
varies from 7% to 10%, depending upon the mix of the products that point of time with sales. 
That's the case. But both businesses cannot live without each other because distribution 

 
Page 7 of 15 
business really amortizes the cost, increases our visibility, gets our foot in door, and also helps 
us to see the market trend. That's the case. So on the back of distribution business, if you can 
build a good licensing business, it's a great opportunity. So we had Honeywell till now. Now we 
have also the CyberPower PC. It's a US number one e-sports gaming PC brand, which has come 
here. And they sell online and they sell through Amazon and they sell through Best Buy and 
similar channels are available here and we have just tied up with them. So that will be our 
second brand in licensing. So that's the aspiration that once Honeywell grows to the threshold 
of say Rs. 270- Rs. 280 crores, then we would have one more licensing brand. That's the 
aspiration. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Correct. And what would be our revenue mix in licensing versus distribution right now? 
Ketan Patel: 
Currently, it is probably 1,750, right? Roughly still licensing close to 11% to 12% of our business. 
Aspiration is slowly take the licensing business to close to 25% to 30% in the next 2 to 3 years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Next two to three years. And that will drive your PAT right? By 25-30%, your margin has to 
increase? 
Ketan Patel: 
Correct. And we are quite confident on that because now we have a grip on launching products. 
And Air Purifier category, we are seeing a good amount of traction there. In the home audio 
segment, especially the soundbars, also we are seeing a good traction. Now we also have 
partners in the remaining countries. The licensing business is not just for India. It is for 38 
countries. So now already we are present in some other countries also. So we are already in 
Middle East, we are already in Indonesia, we are already in Singapore. So that also is going to 
help us to grow the business overall. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
So just wanted to confirm that topline, we have guided 20%-25% growth and bottomline we 
are expecting 40%-45% growth? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Yeah, that's our aspiration, it is not the guidance. 
Jyoti Singh: 
And sir, just wanted to understand this new brand that was supported by the government, 
made in India. How big is this opportunity we are thinking going ahead in next 3 to 4 years? 
Ketan Patel: 
So government also after Make In India has its own buying portal called GeM, Government e 
Marketplace. Last year, a business of total 3 lakh crores happened on that platform. And 
electronics also is a key part of that space. Now on that platform, you cannot have products 
listed which are from where your borders touch. You cannot have any products from 
neighboring nations where your borders touch. So that's a great opportunity for Indian brands 

 
Page 8 of 15 
to really grow in that segment. And because of the PLI also, a lot of brands will grow. So the 
opportunity is huge. It depends upon how our manufacturers and brands really scale up. 
Jyoti Singh: 
On this other segment that we have Honeywell is our biggest client, so any other in the pipeline 
or in active discussion we are expecting? 
Ketan Patel: 
So currently we had Honeywell, now we have Cyberpower, so currently these are the 2 only 
which are there on the plate in the licensing space. 
Jyoti Singh: 
So any other big brand that we are expecting or in active discussion, sir? 
Ketan Patel: 
No, in the licensing space, no, in the distribution space, yes, but in the licensing space, no. So 
you have something like Honeywell. Honeywell is our licensed brand, so nothing on the 
licensing space currently. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pooja Thakkar from Seven Islands PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Pooja Thakkar: 
Sir I have one question. Creative has recently signed a brand licensing agreement with 
Cyberpower for gaming computers, so what kind of opportunity with respect to this gaming 
computer you foresee in India? 
Ketan Patel: 
As I mentioned previously, India's millennial population is 75%, of our population is less than 
35 years of age and they prefer a lot of online interaction. They play also a lot of games where 
there is a large community playing the game and they play games with people whom they don't 
know also. The company we tied up has almost 33% market share along with them, there is 
another company called iBUY POWER, so they together have given the license for India both 
put together they were 66% market share and US both put together do almost a business of a 
billion dollars. Coming to data, IDC says that the gaming overall is growing at a space of 23%-
24% the e-sports gaming and e-sports gaming is also now a part of Asian Games also, so it is a 
huge opportunity. Second we have the first mover advantage today if anybody wants to buy a 
gaming PC, there is no one website which will come to your mind and the websites which are 
there also they don't have their configurators where you could configure your PC right from 
scratch, they don't have frames calculator because that is very important aspect for a game. 
Plus, you also require partnerships to come from NVIDIA, Intel, Microsoft, AMD. So with our 
partner, all these partnerships also come on a platter plus they are our tech partners, so they 
have been in this business for 25 years, so how to build a great website, how to sell on a website 
all that also they bring to the platter. What we bring to them is the on ground logistics, the 
knowhow of the Indian market and we have picked up the best team from the industry who 
have been in that business and I think we will be by 22nd of this month the website will also go 
live, so by the next quarter we will be able to tell you that how we are striking on that. 

 
Page 9 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Patel from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Patel: 
How big is Honeywell opportunity for us at this moment like it is a big brand, So can we expect 
that Honeywell can be a Rs. 500 crores business for us in 5 years to 6 years? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes, definitely that is our aspiration that the Honeywell business should become a Rs. 500 
crores business in the next 2 years to 3 years and I will tell you why because if you see overall 
in the categories we are, in the Honeywell space we are in the air purifier category. Air purifier 
almost is a large opportunity, I said in my opening remarks that it is like how air conditioners 
were there 30 years ago. Last year, 1 crore air conditioners were just sold in India. So it is a 
multi-decadal opportunity in air purifier and if air purifier does well also it could be close to 
that. Second category is Honeywell Passive business, so Honeywell Passive is our networking 
cables business and if you see my Indian counterparts also, they would do around Rs. 800 
crores, Rs. 900 crores, just one brand is doing Rs. 800 crores to Rs. 900 crores in that Passive 
business. Plus we have audio, audio is again a 2 billion to 3 billion means a Rs. 25,000 crores 
opportunity for that. In the audio space, Honeywell brand resonance is not so great, but I am 
sure that the opportunity is so huge that we can really make some dent with the Honeywell 
space. So looking at all this, if we get great products and if we get the right skill set, we can do 
very well. Plus we just don't have India as an opportunity we have another 38 countries also as 
an opportunity. So yes, that is why we aspire that we should do Rs. 500 crores in Honeywell. 
Rohan Patel: 
Talking about Cyberpower, so we have started the manufacturing of Cyberpower PC? 
Ketan Patel: 
So I will just say we will not be manufacturing, we will be assembling the PC's and so basically 
it is that you go on a website, you decide what is your budget, what kind of a PC you want to 
buy and then you start picking up products, cabinet or power supply or motherboard or cooler 
hard drive or memory, the type of monitor, the type of keyboard, the type of mouse, all that 
and it also keeps telling you what will be the performance of that PC and then once you order 
it your custom made PC is then assembled in a small factory and then it is shipped to you 
directly and plus you get 3 year warranty, 5 year warranty, you get onsite warranty all that you 
get with that. 
Rohan Patel: 
Understand the India is dominated by millennials and young crowds, but still the gaming 
culture in India is at nascent stage. It is not that much big as it is in US or it is in China, so what 
steps are you taking with Cyberpower to increase the penetration or creating a gaming 
ecosystem? 
Ketan Patel: 
So what is the gaming PC basically? So there is a big creator’s community also. So your 
consumer has 3 avatars. The first consumer avatar is the young millennial who want to play 
games, that is the first avatar. The second avatar is the creator’s community, so people who do 
animation, people who do ad films, do products they require a high performance PC 

 
Page 10 of 15 
component. So third somebody who requires to do stock trading he require faster desktops for 
SFT trading, somebody in mining of crypto, so all this requires high performance computer 
component. Gaming is the fastest and it has the best computer components. Today with the 
boom of AI, all this machine because it has an NVIDIA graphic card all these machines can go 
to build a large LLM network, so that also is a part of that. So gaming, as you see the core 
component in the creator’s community, the core component in crypto currency trading or 
everywhere else would remain the same, so it is a very huge opportunity in that space. Second, 
we already have the ecosystem because we do a brand called Razer, which is an apple of 
gaming. We do a brand called Cooler Master; it is also a big brand for us. So we really are very 
gung-ho and we have seen in Cooler Master also, so many of our power supplies are not bought 
by gamers but are bought by server companies. So many power supplies go into people who 
are making their own servers or data centers and other stuff. So there is a huge opportunity in 
that space. 
Rohan Patel: 
End consumer is well diversifying Cyberpower PC? 
Ketan Patel: 
Yes. 
Rohan Patel: 
And another question is how much will Cyberpower PC would add in to your topline in next 3 
years-4 years? Like will it take some time to create a market? 
Ketan Patel: 
So when we went on the drawing board, our aspiration was to do in 5 years close to $ 80 million 
to $100 million in that space, but we are still learning and India is a very different market from 
elsewhere. So I will be able to better answer you in couple of quarter’s time and second it is a 
part of our subsidiary and I don't run that business. There is a gentleman, Vishal Parekh, who 
runs that business, so over a period of time he will be able to give a better idea and let us launch 
this 22nd May and then we will see how it goes. 
Rohan Patel: 
And just one last question, so as of FY24, how much is contribution of Honeywell? 
Ketan Patel: 
Current year is 12%, so Rs. 170 crores in a total business of Rs. 1,713 crores around Rs. 1,700 
crores, so 10% will be the contribution. 
Rohan Patel: 
And how much it was in FY23? 
Ketan Patel: 
In FY23, we did Rs. 1,375 crores and in Rs. 1,375 crores, it was Rs. 80 crores, it was almost 5.8%-
5.9%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Aniket Redkar, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
So I just want to understand that is there any new market or the region that the company is 
targeting for expansion? 

 
Page 11 of 15 
Ketan Patel: 
Currently, no. Currently because we have 38 countries, we want to first console and establish 
that and go further for Honeywell. So out of 38 countries still we have reached 12 -13 countries, 
so we want to build that and go further. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And how do you plan to increase that in the existing market? 
Ketan Patel: 
Usually first you take manpower in that country, so currently in Middle East we have the Middle 
East sales director, we have GCC sales director, we have the Passive components, sales guy plus 
we have marketing team there. So then this team once we have that in place, then we will get 
distributors in place. Check whether all certifications to launch product in that country is there 
and then take it further. So for Middle East all our certifications are in place, all our manpower 
in place. Similarly for Singapore, so Singapore is a smaller market, but if you want to go to 
Southeast Asia, it is a very strategic market. So Singapore we have Christina, who is our director 
of Southeast Asia under her leadership, we opened up Indonesia, Thailand now Malaysia is 
opened up, Singapore is opened up, so that is the plan. Then we have also seen that countries 
which have a higher population, we want to go there. Then Egypt and Turkey and South Africa 
these countries can really pop up. Saudi Arabia pops up, we have a person in Saudi Arabia also. 
But Egypt and Turkey, there is a huge problem in terms of exchange. So if we get the right 
partner who is ready to pay cash, pick up the material on their own risk, then we will go there. 
Egypt Amazon we just started. We picked up order with Egypt Amazon also. And as for building 
a consumer brand nowadays first you have to build the brand online, you require number of 
reviews you require number of glance views then the brand gets built so we have spent a lot 
of time on Amazon currently if you see most of our products air purifier is more than 3,000 
reviews, surge suppressor is more than 3,000 reviews, audio we are building that space. Once 
that review starts flowing in then you will have a good traction in the coming times. So as we 
get the right skill set in terms of manpower and our certification is almost done, but in certain 
spaces it is that though you have the certification done, you have to transfer that certification 
on the distributor, so as we get the right distributors, we will go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And Sir, are we leveraging any technology to stay competitive in terms of cost cutting? 
Ketan Patel: 
Currently, so whatever we can do in our space like having the right ERP software, having the 
right system and processes, having the right website builders, having the right sales 
management tools, all that is in place. AI as of now only like how a KG student uses, so to  
generate your content for your social media, to generate your content or dealer postings all 
that, our marketing team does that, but are we doing anything on the cusp of cutting edge 
technology in terms of our system processes and cost cutting, currently, no. 
Aniket Redkar: 
And so one last question, what is your outlook for the next quarter and the next full fiscal year? 
Are there any specific milestone or targets you aim to achieve? 

 
Page 12 of 15 
Ketan Patel: 
So as I answered in my previous question also every year we want to grow our topline by 25% 
to 30% and bottom line the same around 40% to 50%, so that is what is kind of we are looking 
at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
My question is on margin side, what are the expectations going forward? 
Ketan Patel: 
I will ask Abhijit to take that question. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Overall margins in distribution business as Ketan mentioned is in the range of 8% to 10% and 
in this I am talking about gross margins and overall margins in Honeywell business is in the 
range of 34% to 38%. Enterprise business also gives us a margin in the range of 1.5% to 2% that 
has been the gross margin. So this is a blend of these 3 businesses as you are aware, as and 
when we will increase contribution of Honeywell business then our margin structure would 
improve. Today we are at a PAT margin at consol level of 2.36, I am removing the extraordinary 
tax after tax profit of Ckart, so we are at 2.36 almost. We should going forward in coming years 
as our aspiration is to grow Honeywell and we are working very hard towards that and if that 
happens, then within 2 years-3 years the PAT margins will look in the range of 4.5% to 5.56% 
that is going to be our endurance. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Just wanted to understand this 1.5% to 2% for which segment? 
Ketan Patel: 
That is the enterprise business segment, so usually my business it would be futile to look at the 
gross profit margin basis. We have an internal about ROCEs, so we usually look at any business 
which gives us 20%... 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Today our ROCE is at around 23% for the company. 
Ketan Patel: 
So if anything which can give us a ROCE about 20% is a good business. 
Jyoti Singh: 
So these are guidance on the gross margin side, not on the EBITDA margin side? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
No. 
Jyoti Singh: 
What are expectations on the EBITDA margin side, sir I think 7% to 8% that we are estimating? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Today, yes, we would like to move from 4.5%, 5% to almost 8% to 9% that is the endeavor and 
the aspiration. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manoj an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 13 of 15 
Manoj: 
First of all congratulations on a wonderful set of numbers. So just wanted to ask that if we 
exclude the other income from the sale of Ckart, our profit margin would be lower, so like what 
levels of EBITDA margin can be considered sustainable? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
So clearly Manoj, as I said, at a consol. level we have reported a PAT margin of 2.8 and an 
EBITDA margin of 4, if you remove post tax effect of the profit which is generated from the 
Ckart, your consol. margin as a percentage goes to 2.36 and EBITDA would not fall so drastically, 
so it will be around 3.6, 3.7, so my point there is with this we are aspiring to go take this EBITDA 
to almost 7%-8% or more and PAT from 2.36 from this level to 4.5%, 5%. This has been the 
aspiration. What you have to remove is Rs. 7.71 crores from the EBITDA and PAT, so you will 
get the figure. 
Manoj: 
Sir just my last question was about basically the motive behind the share swap agreement to 
increase our stake in the Secure Connection Limited if you could answer that that would be 
great? 
Ketan Patel: 
So in Secure Connection, we had an early investor in that space and when we used to do a 
consol. obviously, the minority share would go out and it was not adding any value to him plus 
it was not a tangible holding for him that was the case. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Basically in a closely held company or a private limited company what happens is if it is not 
listed then exit to be given for a shareholder is very difficult you will appreciate. So this person 
saw an opportunity and he got, I think 2x to 2.5x his investment overall in 4 years - 4.5 years 
he saw an opportunity, please appreciate and our entire Honeywell business which is profitable 
business is there in our subsidiary Secure Connection Limited Hong Kong. So any improvement 
in the holding by Creative Newtech Limited we will flow more money to the consolidation and 
ultimately to the shareholders. Do you do you agree. So what we have done is we have taken 
our investment in phases we have done it in 2 tranches. It was a herculean task to convince 
existing investors and we did it in 2 tranches. So from 52.5, we took it to 77.5, I think, so now 
there are only two shareholders, one is Creative Newtech Limited and one is Mohit Anand at 
22.5. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question is from the line of Akash Jain from GT Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Akash Jain: 
Sir, even though our other income increased because of sale of Ckart, but our overall total 
income for the quarter fell by around 28%, so what was the reason for the same? 
Ketan Patel: 
You are talking about the topline? 
Akash Jain: 
Yes, sir I mean the total income? 

 
Page 14 of 15 
Ketan Patel: 
When you say income is the turnover or the profit? 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
Total income has 2 components, one is the sales, revenue from operations and another is other 
income. So I am talking of consol. numbers the growth in revenue from operations has been 
from Rs. 1,376 crores to Rs. 1,713 crores. The other income obviously has grown from Rs. 9.49 
crores to Rs. 20.28 crores if you knock off almost Rs. 10 crores of that, then your other income 
becomes Rs. 9.49 here and it is 10.28 almost. What has fallen in the other income from 
operation, if you care to look at, is the export incentive income from export incentive last year 
the income from export incentives was Rs. 16.53 crores to Rs. 7.5 crores. Why has it fallen in 
spite of increase in our turnover of enterprise business and exports, the reason being that there 
is a change in the incentive calculation structure it is now ad valorem and earlier it was 
calculated on a per piece basis if I export something I used to get a per piece export incentive. 
So in ad valorem, the rates are lower and therefore the calculation of incentive has gone down 
for us, so have I answered your question? 
Akash Jain: 
Yes, sir. And what led to a significant drop in the revenue for EB? 
Ketan Patel: 
EB is a very opportunistic business if we do not make a ROCE of 20%, then we will not do that 
business because capital is limited and we want to put that capital on high margin business. In 
the month of JFM overall traction on the EB business was lower and we could not make that 
ROCE, so we did not go for that business that is the only case. And overall, because that 
business is between 1.5% to 2% gross margins we only do it when it is an opportunity business. 
Akash Jain: 
And my last question is that it seems that pTron seems like a high volume and low margin 
brand, so what impact will there be on our revenue and margins? 
Ketan Patel: 
So committed margin with pTron, we have already double digit, it is between 10% and 12%. It 
is online only brand. They want to get into the channel and they are Indian company, so the 
supply chain overall is much shorter. So we think in pTron, our ROCE will be close to 32%-33%. 
So it is a good business to be in if we can do higher volumes, say we feel in pTron for the first 
year, if we can do Rs. 30 crores in the next year Rs. 100 crores it is a good business to be in. 
Abhijit Kanvinde: 
We have just started pTron, so it will take time to settle down, this is our aspiration. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ketan Patel, Chairman and Managing Director of Creative Newtech 
Limited for closing comments. 
Ketan Patel: 
Thank you everyone once again for your participation in our Q4 and FY24 Earnings Call. In case 
of any further queries, you may get in touch with Adfactors PR or feel free to get in touch with 
us. We look forward to interacting with you in the next quarter. Thank you so much. 

 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Creative Newtech Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
