Jio Financial Services Limited (formerly known as Reliance Strategic Investments Limited) 
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, Building 4NA, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone: +91-22-3555 4094. Website: www.jfs.in. Email: investor.relations@jfs.in 
CIN: L65990MH1999PLC120918 
April 23, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543940 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: JIOFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Presentation on Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the presentation made to analysts on 
April 19, 2024, on Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2024, is attached. The presentation 
concluded at 7.28 p.m. (IST) on April 19, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Mohana V 
Group Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
V MOHANA
Digitally signed 
by V MOHANA 
Date: 2024.04.23 
10:16:02 +05'30'

 
 
Jio Financial Services Limited Q4 2023 – 2024 
Analyst Call Transcript 
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, MD & CEO – Jio Financial Services Limited  
Mr. Charanjit Attra, Group Chief Operating Officer - Jio Financial Services Limited 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, Head, Investor Relations – Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
Transcript: 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, 1:00 
Good evening, everyone. My name is Jill Deviprasad and I'm the head of Investor 
Relations for Jio Financial Services Limited. On the declaration of the results for 
the year ended March 31, 2024 of the Company, it gives me immense pleasure to 
welcome the analysts, investors, and our colleagues to this virtual meeting. We 
have with us today, our MD & CEO Mr Hitesh Sethia and our Group Chief 
Operating Officer, Mr Charanjit Attra. In this call, all participants will be in a listen 
only mode. The earnings presentation is uploaded on our website www.jfs.in and 
on the stock exchanges. 
Before I hand over the call, I would like to read out the safe harbor statement.  
Certain statements are forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on 
management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes 
in circumstances. Actual outcomes may vary materially, from those included in 
these statements due to a variety of factors.  
I will now hand over the call to Hitesh to discuss the business in detail. 
 
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, 2:09 
Thank you, Jill and good evening everyone. A very warm welcome to all of you on 
this call.  
Let me begin with a recap of an eventful first year of Jio Financial Services Limited 
in which we laid the foundation blocks for the business build-out while we got 
listed on the stock exchanges simultaneously. The demerger of JFS from Reliance 
Industries Limited, which was announced in November 2022, culminated in the 
listing of JFS on BSE and NSE in August, 2023. As a part of the demerger, JFSL 

 
 
as a holding company and the 4 customer-facing entities, amongst others, were 
demerged, that is, an NBFC, a payment bank, a payment aggregator and an 
insurance broking entity. The latter 3 were operating while the NBFC had, yet, to 
commence operations prior to the demerger. 
While the demerger was underway, people, process & systems were set up at the 
holding company and at the NBFC grounds up. The business models and 
technology stack of the 3 operating entities were reimagined and transformed in 
parallel to ensure that a strong foundation for scale & profitability is established. 
Further, a robust governance, risk and compliance framework were also set up 
across the group. A uniform and fit-for-purpose technology stack for all support 
& control functions across JFSL entities have also been implemented during this 
period.  
During this entire set up and team build out, the management team has remained 
observant about the rapidly evolving market developments and took a risk-
calibrated approach to fast track our secured lending products as the focus for 
our NBFC.  
While the demerged businesses were being set up and reimagined, new 
businesses were also being conceptualized during this period, primarily, the asset 
management company and the leasing business. In July 2023, as you may all know 
we had announced a 50:50 JV with BlackRock to foray into our Asset Management 
business. Earlier this week, we are happy to inform you all that we had expanded 
the partnership with BlackRock to include Wealth Management and Broking 
business as well. The operating lease business was also conceptualized during 
this period as an additional business line, to offer embedded financing solutions 
for home digital devices with a view to enhance affordability of such devices for 
our consumers. 
Our approach, overall, is to offer embedded and digital products to our 
customers. Towards this, a unified App is being developed and will be launched 
shortly for our customers. 
Let me now begin with the business updates, starting with our NBFC and our 
leasing subsidiary.  
With the foundational work done over the last few months, Jio Finance Limited, 
our NBFC, is well positioned to capture the lending market opportunity by 
adopting a digital-first business model to cater to consumers and businesses. The 
portfolio is being built out with due consideration to customer risk profile and 
business dynamics. In the past quarter, the supply chain financing solution for 
businesses have been launched. Products including Loan against Mutual Funds, 
Home Loan and Loan Against Property are in our pipeline.  
On the leasing front, Jio’s Leasing Services Limited will offer operating lease 
solutions to consumers and businesses under what we call a Device-as-a-service 
model.  This model involves embedding a leasing solution along with installation, 

 
 
maintenance and/or support of such digital equipments as AirFiber, laptops, 
televisions, etc. This model not only enhances affordability for our consumers but 
also increases operating efficiencies for our leasing business line.  
Moving forward on to our Payments Bank and Payment Solutions Subsidiaries.  
Jio Payments Bank Limited provides digital banking solutions to consumers and 
small businesses. The services offered include savings account with debit cards 
and a host of consumer payment solutions such as UPI, Aadhar Enabled Payment 
Services, domestic money remittances etc. The business is being driven by 
garnering customer deposits and facilitating daily banking needs at a low cost 
with a digital-native approach. Customers in this bank are acquired and serviced 
digitally and through a network of about 2,500 business correspondents as on 
date. In the past quarter, the bank has revamped its digital savings account 
offerings and also launched virtual debit cards, leading to a rapid increase in the 
number of customers acquired. In the coming quarters, we expect the ramp up, 
we expect to ramp up our business correspondent touch points to facilitate 
further growth.   
Jio Payments Solutions Limited is our Payment Aggregator business which helps 
merchants grow their business by giving them solutions to accept payments 
across various consumer touch points. The customer segments served includes 
merchants - enterprise merchants, retail merchants and delivery merchants. 
Merchants will be able to access a full suite of payment products including in-
store solutions such as QR codes and Point of Sale (POS) devices and online 
solutions which includes our all-in-one payment gateway infrastructure which has 
comprehensive payment options. The business growth here, we believe, is being 
driven by strategic and technology tie-ups with banks, large enterprises and 
creating a low-cost digital distribution architecture. In the last year, the subsidiary 
has successfully launched a pilot of the Jio Voice Box for its merchant customers.  
Moving onto our insurance subsidiary.  
Jio Insurance Broking Limited distributes insurance products of multiple 
insurance companies across the country digitally. The product portfolio is 
comprehensive and includes fire and property insurance for businesses and 
extended warranty, life, health and motor insurance for our consumers. The 
business growth is primarily being driven by strategic partnerships to facilitate 
embedded insurance, direct digital approach to customers and large enterprise 
relationships. In the last year we have continued to expand the partnership suite 
for our insurance broking entity and have increased the number of insurance 
company tie-ups to 29 insurance companies as of March 31, 2024. The insurance 
subsidiary has also launched embedded Insurance for white goods and bespoke 
sachet products which are sold at the point of sale in the customer journey. 
Furthermore, an institutional sales division has also been set up in the last year in 
this subsidiary.   

 
 
Next is an update on our Asset Management Company.    
The operationalization of the Joint Venture with Blackrock which we had 
announced in July 2023 is progressing well, with ongoing set up of systems, 
infrastructure and people recruitment including the leadership team recruitment. 
The regulatory process for requisite approvals is also underway.  
As mentioned earlier, only last week we had announced that the scope of the JV 
has been expanded now to include the wealth management and broking business. 
The launch of these additional business lines is subject to regulatory and statutory 
approvals. 
 
Now, I would like to talk about what we believe are our strengths and right to win. 
JFS will leverage best-in-class, cost-effective, modern back-end and front-end 
technology stack. We will continue to derive benefit from the fact that we do not 
have any legacy technology. Our distribution approach will be direct to customer, 
digital or at point of sale embedded in the customer journey. Finally, we will 
leverage three important data sets, that is, the credit bureau data, data from the 
account aggregator and alternate data to aid in contextualizing offers to our 
customers and providing early warning signals.   
From a risk management perspective, necessary frameworks and rule engines 
have been implemented. The framework is continuously being enhanced with 
machine learning models to ensure better customer selection within defined risk 
appetite for each business lines. 
Amongst other aspects, we believe that as Jio Financial Services Limited we are 
endowed with 3 important things that are necessary to build a robust business at 
scale.  - 1. the Jio brand, 2. capital and 3. customer adjacency from our 
ecosystem. With the ongoing build out of digital, intuitive and simple product 
offerings across the various business lines which we have spoken about earlier, 
we believe that these three key strengths will provide a very strong impetus for 
sustainable growth in times to come.    
Our core principles for building out all these businesses remain unwavering - 1. 
Reputation above all, 2. Regulatory adherence in letter and spirit given that we 
are multi regulated group, 3. Return of capital and 4. Return on capital. We will 
continue to build on the strength of brand, capital and the wonderful team that 
we are putting together. We are committed to enhancing accessibility, 
affordability and prosperity for our customers by simplifying financial services.  
The foundational work sets a base to capture the vast addressable opportunity 
across the spectrum of financial services i.e. lending, investments, payment and 
insurance solutions, against the backdrop of a strong and vibrant economy.   

 
 
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank all my JFS colleagues who have, 
with utmost dedications, spent the last year setting the vital foundation blocks for 
the various businesses that we have spoken about. I would also like to thank all 
our shareholders for your continued faith and support to us.  
Now, I would like to hand over the call to my colleague and our group chief 
operating officer, Mr. Charanjit Attra, to take you through our financial 
performance. Charanjit, over to you. 
 
Mr. Charanjit Attra, 14:09 
Thank you, Hitesh and good evening, everyone.  
I am pleased to present to you the financial highlights of our first annual results 
as a listed company. The Financial results for the quarter -ended March 31st, 
2024, are prepared under Indian Accounting Standards as prescribed by the 
Ministry of Company affairs. 
As you may be aware, Jio Financial Services has submitted an application for 
conversion of the Company from an NBFC to a Core Investment Company, in 
accordance with the approval given by the Reserve Bank of India pursuant to the 
demerger. 
The Company is a holding company and consolidates the results of its various 
businesses. This includes, the consumer facing entities, namely, Jio Finance 
Limited, Jio Insurance Broking Limited, Jio Payments Solutions Limited, Jio 
Payments Bank Limited, and Jio Leasing Services Limited. Further, the 
consolidated financial statements also include the results of two more entities. 
Firstly, Reliance Industrial Investments and Holdings Limited, which is an 
investment holding company accounted for on a fully consolidated basis and 
secondly, Reliance Services and Holdings Limited, which has been accounted for 
as an associate.  
Furthermore, during the year, JFSL through its wholly owned subsidiary, Jio 
Leasing Services Limited, established a ship leasing business in GIFT city. This is 
a 50:50 JV called Reliance International Leasing IFSC Limited, with Reliance 
Strategic Business Ventures Limited.  
The above legal entities are effectively managed by independent Boards with a 
robust governance structure. As a part of the governance framework, the 
Company has put in place comprehensive group-level compliance, audit and risk 
functions for effective monitoring.  
In addition, our endeavor is to optimize the cost-to-income ratios across entities, 
by leveraging technology and efficient use of resources. Technology plays a vital 

 
 
role not only in the businesses as mentioned by Hitesh but also across all 
governance, control and support functions. We will continue to Invest in emerging 
technologies such as AI, and ML to drive innovation and optimize all internal 
processes.  
Moving onto the financial performance.  
Since the appointed date of demerger was the closing business hours of March 
31, 2023, the profit and loss account for the year ending 31st March 2024 was the 
first year of the Company owning and managing the assets and liabilities that were 
transferred as a result of the demerger. Accordingly, the financial results of FY24 
includes the income and expenses on the assets and liabilities for the entire year.  
For FY24, our Consolidated Profit after Tax stood at Rs. 1,605 crore as compared 
to Rs 31 crore for the year ended March 31, 2023, primarily due to 
Increase in total income and increase in the share of net profit from the 
associates. The total income is represented by interest income on 
investments, dividend on investments, realised gains on sale of 
investments and unrealised gains on changes in the fair value of 
investments. This has been offset by, 
Increase in the total expenses represented by staff expenses and other 
operating overheads reflecting a general increase in the business 
The Standalone Profit after Tax of the Company for FY24 was Rs 383 crores as 
compared to Rs. 31 crores for the year ended March 31, 2023 primarily due to 
Increase in total income represented by interest income, realised gains on 
sale of investments and unrealised gains on changes in fair value of 
investments, offset by, 
Increase in total expenses representing increase in staff costs and other 
operating overheads in line with the setting up of the business operations 
of the Company.  
The Total income in the consolidated profit and loss account increased from Rs.44 
crore to Rs. 1,855 crores primarily due to the following: 
Increase in interest income in the stand-alone profit and loss account and 
interest income on fixed deposits in the wholly owned subsidiaries to Rs 
938 crores in FY24 as compared to Rs. 38 crores in FY23. 

 
 
Dividend Income amounting to Rs. 217 crores on shares held by our 
subsidiaries which was transferred pursuant to the demerger of the 
Company. 
Fees and commission income of Rs. 152 crores in FY24 representing fee 
income from our subsidiaries primarily in the Insurance and the payment 
aggregator businesses. 
The Total expense, excluding impairment, in the consolidated profit and loss 
account increased from Rs.6 crores to Rs. 325 crores primarily due to the 
following 
Staff costs of Rs 116 crores in FY24 reflecting the costs of employees of 
the Company and its subsidiaries in FY24 and 
Increase in other operating expenses to Rs. 209 crores in FY24 as 
compared to Rs. 5.56 crore in FY23 representing the first year of business 
operations post the demerger. It also includes the expenses of the 3 
operating entities that were demerged, and have been fully transformed and 
now, are well-positioned for increased and sustainable growth.  
Further, increase in certain realised and unrealised gains on certain money 
market instruments classified as Fair Value through Profit and Loss 
Account to Rs 547 crores in FY24 as compared to Rs. 3 crore in FY23 
resulting out of the treasury activities undertaken by the Company and its 
subsidiaries on certain money market instruments transferred to the 
Company and its subsidiaries as a result of the demerger.  
The consolidated Profit after Tax for the quarter ended March, 2024 was at Rs. 
311 crores as compared to Rs. 294 crores for the quarter ended 31st March 2023 
primarily due to 
Increase in total income and increase in the share of net profit from the 
associates. The total income is represented by interest income on 
investments, dividend on investments, realised gains on sale of 
investments and unrealised gains on changes in the fair value of 
investments. This is offset by 
Increase in the total expenses marginally, represented by staff expenses 
and other operating expenses reflecting a general increase in the business 
of the company 
Now, moving on to the Balance Sheet items -  

 
 
The Company’s consolidated Networth stood at Rs.1,39,148 crores at the end of 
31st March 2024. 
The Company’s total assets included 41.28 crore equity shares of Reliance 
Industries Limited represented by  
1. 24.09 crore equity shares, representing 3.56% of Reliance Industries 
Limited held by Reliance Industrial Investments and Holdings Limited; and  
2. 17.19 crore equity shares representing 2.54% of Reliance Industries 
Limited, held by Reliance Services and Holdings Limited. 
The Company has also made two equity investments during the year, Rs. 40 crore 
in its subsidiary Jio Leasing Services Limited, for its leasing business, and Rs. 4 
crore in Jio Payments Bank Limited, thereby increasing our holding from 76.98% 
to 77.25%.  
Moving on to the standalone profit & loss account. 
The Total income in the standalone profit and loss account increased from Rs.44 
Crores to Rs. 639 crores primarily due to the following 
Increase in interest income on fixed deposits and certain money market 
instruments in FY24 as compared to the earlier year which was transferred 
to the Company as a result of the demerger  
Increase in certain realised and unrealised gains on certain money market 
instruments, classified as Fair Value through Profit and Loss Account to Rs. 
255 crores in FY24 as compared to Rs. 3 crore in FY23 resulting out of the 
treasury activities undertaken by the Company on certain money market 
instruments transferred to the Company as a result of the demerger. 
Similarly, the Total expense, excluding impairment, in the standalone profit and 
loss account increased to Rs. 117 crore from Rs 6 crore primarily due to the 
following 
Staff costs of Rs 43 crore in FY24 reflecting the costs of employees hired 
by the Company in FY24 and increase in other operating expenses to Rs. 
74 crore in the current year as compared to Rs. 6 crore in FY23 representing 
the first year of business operations post the demerger. 
Similarly, the standalone Profit after Tax for the quarter ended 31st March, 
2024 was Rs. 78 crore as compared to Rs. 71 crore for the quarter ended 
31st Dec, 2023. This was primarily due to 

 
 
Increase in the total income - The total income is represented by interest 
income on investments, realised gains on sale of investments and 
unrealised gains on changes in the fair value of investments. 
Further, the increase in total income was offset by increase in total 
expenses, a marginal increase though which is represented by staff 
expenses and other operating overheads reflecting a general increase in 
the business. 
The Company’s Standalone Net worth stood at Rs. 24,437 crores as of 31st March 
2024.  
With this, I would like to hand over the call back to Jill. Thank you so much. 
 
Ms. Jill Deviprasad, 26:09 
Thank you, both, for the presentation and Thank you everyone for joining this call. 
Again, our earnings presentation is uploaded on our website www.jfs.in and the 
stock exchanges. On behalf of JFSL, this concludes our earnings call. You may 
now disconnect your line. 
 
